B0000TFVPK Awesome bag! I bought this Puma handbag for my neice for Christmas and she absolutely loved it! Very stylish! A must-have bag for any teen!
B000SHIN5O Comfortable bag This is very comfortable and big enough to put all your important things you need to have with you.
B000WS3M1O Beautiful design. But be careful. This watch is beautiful. Nice design. But be aware that the rubber strap stains easily.Put in a red fabric bag and put it in my bag. Went on a trip and open it next day. The edges where red. Tried to wash it but it didn't fade.After 3 weeks of use it's starting to fade.Overall 4 stars for this minor issue.
B001B8C7PQ PUMA Campus Grip Bag Bought this as a gift and the person I got it for loved it.  They thought the bag was great.  Very versatile.
B001B8C7PQ Sarah I am really enjoying this bag.  It is made very well and it is a very good looking bag.  I would not be embarrassed to carry  this bag anywhere.  Thank you for supplying me with such a good product.  Keep up the good work.Sarah
B001B8C7PQ Cute gym bag Maybe this will be the motivation to go to the gym as much as you should. The bag is very cute and is roomy enough for gym clothes and shoes. My only complaint is that I wish it had more than 1 pocket inside - otherwise it's great!
B001B8C7PQ Hot! Very nice bag! I love all puma products and this one has a vintage look that makes it really hot! I can fit everything in it that I need for the gym...one day I might add another color.
B001B8C7PQ Hot Gym Bag! This Is a Great Gym or Overnight Bag! It has lots of room and looks very stylish on the arm.
B001B8C7YW Great stuff from PUMA I got this bag since last month and use it every day!So functional bag with inside zipper pouch and keychanin holder.Please do not hesitate to get it!
B001B8G2AM Fantastic bag Great mini duffle: I've used it as a weekend bag for clothes, a gym / dance bag and a big schoolbag (stuff does get quite heavy so I wouldn't advise holding it for long periods of time). Great to toss your necessities in and go. Solid and sturdy: I've been using it almost every day this past month.The cons: scratches aren't that deep if you brush it against a hard surface (like a concrete wall or something), but you can still see it clearly under most lighting :( Also, there's only one medium sized pocket on the side. I wish there were two so I could separate my wallet / ID with my stuff (like chapstick, bandaids, etc.)Other than that, it's a really cute bag. Worth the splurge 'cuz it looks 1) very stylish and 2) better than any old generic gym bag.
B001B8G2AM Awesome All-Around Bag I bought my bag from Nordstrom Rack back in 2004.  I have travelled everywhere and it had been my carry-on or even a check-in luggage!  I used this as a gym bag, overnight bag, purse, beach bag, and just recently, a diaper bag.  Sad to say that my Puma is wearing out and I can't find it anywhere!  I refused to give it up even my sisters laugh at me.  Last month, I travelled abroad again and my dad was shocked that I'd rather carry it around than my designer purses.  It is supppppeeer convenient.Puma, please make this purse again.  I just can't let go of my old one until you make a new one.  My 8 yr-old+ Puma-baby will retire anytime soon.
B001B8G2AM Not-So-Little Black Bag The bag is PERFECT. It came on time and it makes my weekend trips SO much easier!
B001B8HOFY Durable bag Very practical bag and easy carrying. The outer covering did not last long and began to peel. Other than that, the amount of items it holds is perfect! My expectations were met.
B001CHG1YY All good Came in a cool puma bag box thing...my son is happy with his sneakers and looks and fit him perfect
B001HX37JU Perfect school bag I purchased this bag and a similiar thinking I would alternate between them-however I found my self using this bag on a daily basis. Loved it so much purchased a second one for my sibling.
B001HX37RC Love Puma I got this bag in a very timely fashion and it's a great bag.  I would definitely use this seller again.
B001HX37RC Perfect!! After reading many reviews before purchasing this item, I was a bit concerned that it would be too long or too small for my everyday use. I am a busy college student, and was in need of a bag that could fit my macbook, wallet, books and various other items. The bags adjustable straps were a convenience for me, because I am short, and at first, taking the bag out of the box it looked as if it would be too short  for me even as a short person. However, I fixed the strap to be a perfect length for me. The item came in 1 day and in great condition. I will definitely be purchasing the other two colors of this item. Love it!
B001HX37RC Great bag! I love this bag! I got it in black and I use it for school. At first it seemed a little too big, but now that I'm used to it I can't imagine anything smaller! It fits my 15" laptop and everything I need. My only complaint is that I wish it had more pockets (it only has three, the main one, a small on inside that, and the side pocket) Also, the plastic tends to chip off when it rubs against the metal parts on my jeans... but I just coated it with some clear nail polish. I admit it's a bit pricey, but I had some Amazon credit so it was well worth it!
B001HX37RC Worth every penny If you like fashionable sporty yet sleek bags. This Puma bag is awesome. Leather is very nice on it and has big space inside. zipper on the side of bag as well as inside for smaller items. Have gotten compliments.
B001HX37RC Puma Messenger Bag This bag is pretty cool. I bought the chocolate brown bag for work, It can be worn with any style so i can carry it with me anywhere it even can fit an iPad in the side pocket. I am happy with this order.
B001HX37RC Puma Kick Messenger I love this bag. It's big enough to fit all of your school supplies from notebooks, books, and even your laptop.
B001HX37RC Maybe not quite what I'm looking for? I just received this bag in the mail yesterday, so I haven't fully field tested it as of this review.I've been searching for some kind of man bag for a few months now, and this is the 2nd one I've bought online, succeeding the Ben Sherman Canvas 1/2 messenger.  Neither one seems to really suit me.The Puma is glossier than it looks in the stock photos.  It basically hangs off the shoulder like a large polyurethane sack, rather than like a briefcase or a proper messenger bag would.  That is to say, it doesn't hold its rectangular shape when in use.  There's a bit of a sag across the top, along the zipper, and it bulges out at the sides depending on what you've stuffed into it.My daily routine has increasingly come to involve peripheral items like a coffee tumbler and an umbrella that I tote with me to the office on most mornings.  Throw in an mp3 player, a pen and writing pad, a paperback book, and a glasses case, and it becomes a daily burden just big enough to justify some kind of purse to carry it all around in.  With that type of load in it, more than 75% of the Puma kick's pocket space is still empty.Alternately, I go to the gym a couple of times a week, and on those days I need to bring my gym kit with me, which consists of gym shoes, shorts, a change of underwear, socks and a t-shirt.The kick can actually accommodate this amount of stuff, which means I may yet keep it as the replacement to my 1992 SF Giants promotional give-away barrel bag.  Ever since the Giants won the World Series (!!??), I've been intending to take that beauty out of active service and preserve it as best I can for game days at China Basin.vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv  update on 4/15/11 vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvI've decided to hold onto this bag as my primary gym bag.  It isn't really ideal for that purpose because of its shape, but it gets the job done, and I still like the way it looks compared to a regular duffel bag.  The shiny black coating on the vinyl is starting peel off at the bottom though.  It's only been a few months too.  I can only surmise from this that it isn't the sturdiest bag around.Makes me realize what a great bag that 1992 SF Giants giveaway was.
B001HX37RC Big if you're not tall I was so excited to receive this bag in the mail. I read reviews about it being too large and decided that standing at 5' even, it wouldn't be too big. Well, you know what? It is. It's a really nice bag but like I said, I'm only 5' tall and it's just big. I still love it but I am not sporting it the way I intended to.The quality is great. Nice sleek design.
B001HX37RC Great Bag! I love this bag! It's a little big but fits everything I want to carry with me. Perfect for school or just to go around the city with it!
B001HX37RC Excellent Stylish Shoulder Bag for the Money I purchased the brown and (whisper) white version of this messenger bag. It is very nicely made for the reasonable price. Puma used nice materials and the details are crisp. It is stylish and very functional, just about the right size for work, errands and/or the weekend. If there is one aspect that Puma could upgrade, I would say the shoulder strap might have a small shoulder pad and better hardware, although this is knit-picking.  I would recommend the bag through Amazon because you also get supersaver delivery and hassle free return if necessary. It is a great-looking inexpensive bag that you will be happy you bought. I have already received several compliments on the bag. The brown and black versions are definitly the man-bags, and the white with black is for the gals or gays.
B001HX37RC Awesome for traveling This bag is really great for school and as a carry on for trips. I wouldn't recommend this for every day use though, too big. The outside pocket is great for easy access, the material is great for easy cleaning, and over all its just a nice bag. Oh and its very stylish as well. You'll look cool without trying to. HaHa I'm really glad I purchased this bag. My daily life fits perfectly in it.
B001HX37RC Perfect for college! I needed a bag big enough for my laptop and books. I was tired of carrying two bags for school. This one is perfect and beautiful. I completely recommend this one. :)
B001HX37RC a good bag for school It's a good bad for school, but it is too wide to use it when you are shopping. If you are tall enough, it looks good, but if you are short, it could be too big for you. In a word, it is a good school bag for tall people.
B001HX37TK puma purse this bag was absolutely cuteee. loved it ,lots of room,wanted it for myself but it was a xmas gift!exactly what i expected it to be :D makes a great gift.
B001HX37TK spacious, great bag! I bought this bag because I had a gold colored Puma bag (same size and shape) that started to fall apart from being used so much. This one is great and have been using it since. It's waterproof and inside is spacious. I'm one of those that likes carrying "my life" with me in my bags and I can stuff EVERYTHING in this bag without the bag looking enormous since I'm petite. There's even four metal things on the bottom of the bag so that when you set it down, the entire bottom of the bag doesn't get dirty.
B001HX37VI puma bag It is beautiful. I wish I had it in the brown too. I use it for my books and it holds all of them well. It is shiny and smooth . It looks better than the picture. It is a must buy if you like big bags. Love it.
B001HX3812 Nice but a bit small This bag looks very nice.  We bought it for our 5 year old.  The issue is it will not easily hold a normal size school folder.  It is best used as an overnight bag or maybe to hold items on a plane ride.
B001HX3844 Classic, simple gym bag Perfect for me--a pocket on the inside and outside, and a good size.  Perhaps a little bigger may be better.  I like the clean design, it's a bag I can use for years.  I can fit inside one set of work out clothes, a pair of running shoes, and a bottle of water with a little room to spare.  Tucking a jacket inside makes for a tight fit.
B001HX3844 puma satchel I use it as a diaper bag :-) got great comments from others, lightweight (like a feather), durable, stylish, would recommend
B001TUZFTG Perfect. I use this bag for a variety of things. Exactly what I wanted. Perfect size, great color. I am very happy with my purchase.
B0029NYAGQ great buy! I just got this bag,I just can't believe how big it is! I thought would be way smaller.I recomend this bag,for sure!It's big,stilysh and great price.
B0029NYYJ4 simply Beautiful great purchase ever The size is small I wanted the big one but I love this one so much is more like a casual bag for the day and I love it for traveling on a plane ! great quality !!! The prime is a great deal I got my item in 2 days shipping. Very happy with it. however Amazon should expecified this is a small bag but still you can put a beach towel on it and get going !
B0029NYZBQ awsome bag Awsome bag. I get alot of compliments on it.  If you own a large laptop it won't fit.
B0029NYZU2 Great handbag I bought this bag for myself.  I was thrilled when it arrived as it looked exactly like the picture.  It's a medium size, zip-closure shoulder bag in a light shade of red.  It looks simple but chic - perfect with shorts, skirts or jeans.  The logo is subtle and doesn't jump at you.  I was dying to take this bag on vacation as it could go with almost any outfit.  Then my 25 year old daughter saw it and fell in love.  Now she has this great bag that goes with everything.  I hope it goes on sale again so I can re-purchase it in a different color.
B0029NYZXE Perfect !!!!!! I love this bag !! The color was a great choice for the great prize I can really macth this bag with casual and smart outfits. It does look like black and the white stripes make it more easy to macth with almost everything. I think is very fashionable and can be happier with this great deal. Is really my favourite bag at the moment. I can fit so many things on it even my laptop !!!!The shipping service was great with the Prime service I got it in 2 days!! I will hightly recommend this bag for a woman that love to look the part at every occassion.
B0029NZ06A Love it! Great price for a great, sturdy, roomy bag!  The color is vibrant.  Perfect gym bag, or, if your like me, perfect for lots of books & magazines.
B0029NZ7QI Bag is way too small This bag came in and it was much smaller than the dimensions advertised on the website. It is NOT 16" by 12". It's more like 11" by 8.5". The quality of the bag is good but unfortunately I can't use such a small bag, it was very misleading.
B0029NZ7T0 Blue Big Cat Bag I got this bag with free shipping in quite a timely manner.What can i say, it is a PUMA bag and it does fit my ASUS 15" Laptop with a sleeve on. It does make it appear boxy though but it fits. I was looking for a replacement to my Gray one which i bought in 2004 which inner pocket and material has begun to rip and disintegrate. I wished Amazon had stock of the gray color.It also looks a bit small but can fit lots!EDIT: well its been a while since i've been using the bag about 2months and i have noticed the leatherette type material at the base, around the edges have ALREADY become loose :( It's sad tho, i'd think it would last a little longer...
B0029NZ7YA Stylish bag The bag is great and very stylish. Excellent price. I use it as like an overnight bag or for sports equipment. I have had a few problems with the bag though. First, and this is really very minor. Its not a problem more a note really. Its too big to fit under airplane seats. the second problem is that the strap always gets twisted in such a wierd fashion. But other than that I love the bag!
B0029NZ808 just what I expected I ordered this as a Christmas gift thinkingthat it would be a great bag to take tothe gym. This is exactly what the recipientsaid when she opened the present.
B0029NZ808 What an awesome bag for the price Ok, I'm a total bag addict. I love pricey trendy bags and usually gravitate towards Fendi and Prada...but when I bought this bag for my younger cousin, I had to buy another one for me! For under $20 its adorable! It has a very light pattern on it...subtle and cute. It looks great with jeans or a cute sweat outfit...very casual and I don't have to worry about ruining it by putting it on the floor because it was so damn cheap. I def. recommend this bag for girls of all ages :-) It has a cute shape too that you cannot tell from the pic, that makes it very roomy. I promise you'll be impressed and NO, I do not work for PUMA
B0029NZ82Q huge way too big, doesn't look like picture at allas big as a duffle bagwouldn't recommend unless u need a huge bag to pack to go somewhere
B0029NZ844 A bit too small While the bag is extremely high quality, with a nice selection of pockets, it's a little too small to be useful as a gym bag.
B0029NZ8KI Durable and great for traveling! I used this bag as my carry-on when I travelled abroad, and overall it worked very well!It was durable and the zipper was good quality. I tend to really pack my carry-on to its max capacity and this bag did very well with that and closed easily even when it was packed to the brim. It has a nice, large internal pocket which can easily fit a cell phone (my iPhone had plenty of space) and has a couple of wide pockets for eye glasses or a bunch of pens and pencils. The bag's overall size is smaller than the online picture may reveal, but I was able to fit my 13.3in Macbook with room left for a couple textbooks. Overall, a good buy!
B002EL3MCQ Can't go wrong with Puma. My 5-year old grandson is sure Puma makes him run faster! 'Thinks the 'carry' bag is really neat, also. They are well-made.
B002G72NJG Too Big! Bag looks great, like the shoe area best but its too big!! Would much have prefered a smaller version for gym going!
B002G72NJG Not the greatest I like this bag especially for the way it looks. Although, withing 48 hours of buying this bag the threads holding the main zipper in place ripped leaving a big hole in the bag.
B002G72NJG resistant and spacious This is the bag you need for sport, carry everything you need, is very spacious and durable, but inside is unstitched pocket, so do not put 5
B002G72NJG Great bag! It is a bit too big to use as a gym bag, I got it for my boyfriend to use when he spends the weekends at my house and it's perfect for packing a couple days of clothes.
B002LFVUCY great smaller bag This is a great bag when you dont need to carry your locker with you.  Just the right size.  My son even uses it as a school bag
B002NKM9K4 Cute handy bag - like it a lot This little bag is good for causal outing. Small enough to just let it hang on my wrist and yet enough space to keep my wallet, cell phone and simple cosmetic.
B002RT8G7Q AWESOME BAG! I love this bag, I use it for the gym on a daily basis and also as a carry on when I fly. It is a perfect size, and can be filled with so much stuff! I WILL buy another one when this one gets shabby, I have had it for 5 months and product is still in great shape. And I do use this bag EVERY DAY! Love it!
B002RT8GAI Too big! This is such an awesome bag but its HUGE. I checked the size before I ordered but when I got it, it is more like a carry all or over night bag. I usually carry big purses but this was just too much. It has a cute zipper in the front and plenty of space inside. The shipping was fast and I never have any problems purchasing with Amazon. It was everything it says just not for me.
B002RT8GOY Great for a GYM bag or 1-Night stay! Love this bag! I use it for my gym outfit (sneakers, workout clothes). It has some zippers inside for my personal items or lotion, etc. Plenty of room for an overnight stay or a quick change. I use this everyday! The grip is flexible and folds down and stays down. Soft material and looks easy for cleaning.
B002RT8H02 great bag! I bought this bag as a summer beach bag and carry all. The bag is good sized, holds a lot more than appears, and is well made. It has stood up to a lot of abuse, I tend to stuff bags full and toss them around, but it still looks in brand new condition. I would highly recommend this bag.
B002RT8H7U Nice Looking...But Small I purchased this product when I purchased a pair of Puma sneaks. I love the shoes, but the bag is on the small side. I am still carrying my back pack from when I was in school and wanted something a little more stylish and while this Puma pack is cute and stylish there simply is not room to carry everything I need to carry in it (a couple books, wallet, lunch, etc). I didn't return it though because my husband said he'd use it. I see men at work come in to work and leave empty handed. I don't know how they do it, but I guess all a guy really needs is his wallet. I think this bag will probably work for guys, but not for us ladies and all the stuff we need (comb/brush, books, wallet, vitamins, makeup, lotion) and a bunch of other stuff we probably don't really need but carry with us juuuust in case.
B002RT8HFW Cute bag, fits everything! I've gotten a lot of compliments on this bag!  Easy to clean, fits everything you could possibly need to fit in a purse.
B002RT8HFW the most practical stylish bag. i've had this bag for over a month and haven't been able to stop wearing it - that's how much i love it.i have long workdays made up of office, teaching and gym going, so my bags have to be able to fit work documents, gym clothes and shoes - sometimes two changes of clothes.  i have been able to stuff everything (from laptops to folders, sneakers and umbrellas) into this bag!i love how this bag is water-proof and lightweight but still sturdy.  the zippers are good quality, the handles are long enough to fit my shoulders over a jacket, and it pretty much goes with any outfit (i got it in black).  the patent texture is crisp without looking tacky (and hasn't cracked), and the distressed logo is quite attractive.  people compliment me on this bag quite often.if you are a puma bag fan, you will adore this bag.  if you aren't, i'd highly recommend this bag and you will end up loving it.  i am currently considering getting the same bag in brown.
B002RT8HJS I love this bag! I'm not a high fashion girl but I've always loved the Puma brand. This bag isn't what I would call "mini" by any means, but I love the colors and design. It's big enough to hold a book or my Nintendo DS if I need to pack some extra entertainment. I highly recommend this bag!
B002RT8HL6 I LOVEEEE IT!! This bag is perfect. I use it for traveling, especially long distance. It fits all my needs....laptop, books, wallet, hoodie, etc. Everything you need on an airplane.
B002RT8HNE Super cute I get so many compliments on this bag, I take it to the gym and it holds all my stuff just fine.  It's been awhile and it's not wearing out or showing signs of wear anyway.
B002RT8HU2 Too bulky The bag, at first glance, looks perfect. The materials are high quality, the zippers are sturdy. It has the signature puma logo across the front, and with two compartments and a padded laptop case inside seems to be the perfect messenger bag - well, its not. It's very bulky and heavy - i have a netbook computer, 10.5" screen and it's a pain to carry just that and a notebook around college. I won't recommend it at all.
B002RT8HWU Great gym bag Great buy for only $35.  It's has little compartments, big enough to carry essentials but doesn't weigh you down.  I was really happy with the color.  Very modern. I can't think of one negative thing to say about this bag. I would recommend.
B002RT8HWU Cute, functional, and Small The bag is pretty cool. It has a bunch of compartments inside which makes it easier to organize your stuff. It's big enough to fit your gym clothes and sneakers, though i would've prefered it to be just a tiny bit bigger.
B002RT8HZM Just Perfect I love this bag, I use it very day to go to the gym, the material is very good, I can pack a lot of things, and I love the color too.I definetely recommend this product.
B002RT8I1U Nice Bag Not bad for this price. Looks good and material is also ok.But don't expect to carry your laptop in this bag.
B002RT8I38 Lovely! I just received the Motion Shopper bag today and my first comment about it is: the green is much greener in real life than it is on the pictures.  Indeed, I was not expecting a green THAT "dark".  However, I have to say that this bag is lovely! The size is smaller than I expected, and I'm pretty happy about that. There are a lot of pockets (one outside and 3 inside).  I recommend this tote for this summer! The purple is so vibrant!
B002RT8I5G Looked ok online but didn't deliver in reality Chose this bag based on the fact I don't like alot of the garish colours featured in gym clothes/bags. This looked simple and understated and it was. The problem was the durability of the bag. Structurally the bag just could not withstand much wear. I'm not overly heavy with the use of my bags but this bag simply couldn't with stand gym usage. The inner lining ripped and the internal zipper went. Not the best purchase ever made.
B002RT8I5G A great gym bag A lightweight durable bag that can serve multiple purposes. I mainly use it for the gym. It is roomy, with multiple pockets (one is a zippered) inside. In the winter, I can stuff my winter coat in there alongside all my gym stuff.I have also used this bag for traveling. It is perfect for a weekend getaway.
B002RT8I5G Light-weight, but holds everything This bag is perfect for the gym. I like the material as it is fairly water resistant. Easy to clean and I like the hook on the inside for key. There could be better pockets on the inside though. Over-all I really like this bag.
B0039PTGB2 so cute and handy i use this as a diaper bag for my 2 kids and it really is so handy. small but roomy
B0039PTIZQ Looks really slick, but... I love PUMA, and this messenger bag does not dissapoint. It looks really nice, but it is a bit small. I use the bag for collegee, and sometimes I have trouble fitting all my stuff into it. Other than that small flaw, the design looks really slick.
B0039PTJNC Cool bag This bag is alright, not as cute as I wanted it to be but people still comment on it when I wear it out.
B0039PTK36 Really Big Bag It's a really nice bag but it was bigger than I had expected. I wanted a big bag but this was too big.
B0039PTK36 Great bag The fiancee love the colors and I have to say it is nicely sized bag. She is using it as her labor bag. Amazon ships quick and the item arrived well packaged. Nothing bad to say about this product.
B0039PTKSG handbags the bag is large, good for weekend trips or to carry gym supplies. A little too large for everyday use or to use a school bag.
B003MZ0IY8 Happy This bag is similar to many bags I've seen in stores; but this bag has a zippered pocket in front to store small items that always get lost "in a bottomless pit!" And the price is right!  Excellent!!!
B003MZ0IY8 Great Drawstring bag Great bag, Worth the buy if you like Puma products, Bag is average size so you'll be able to hold plenty and zipper pocket deffinately comes in handy for smaller objects.
B003MZ0IY8 Misleading I had to order this product twice and both times I got the wrong bag. The pictured item is a German flag bag and both times i received a bag with USA and the American flag. I was dissappointed because no where on the order page was there an option for which bag to get. I assumed it would then be the German bag and I was mistaken. Amazon was able to help resolve the problem but I have not been able to get the proper pictured bag. If you are looking for the German one DO NOT BUY THIS ONE!!!!
B003MZ0K6Y Ok I've had this bag for a year and it remains in great condition. Just wish it was a little bigger.
B003MZ0L22 Rips and falls apart after a year. At first it's cute and works well but after a year the sides start to rip and it is not sturdy at all.  So be warned this bag won't last more than a year and I only used it to go to the gym.
B003MZ0L5E handbags the bag is medium sized. great to use as a schoolbag! lots of compartments on the inside for phone, music player, etc...large enough to use as a gym bag, but a bit small for a weekend trip bag.
B003MZ0L6I Great gym bag! I really love this bag! Nothing bad to say. I wish it was a tiny bit larger but I'm really happy with it overall.
B003MZ0L9U Tight fit, but perfect This bag fits one workout outfit perfectly, and perhaps even a water bottle (not to mention your watch and cell phone in the side pockets). Some of the negative reviews commented on the small size, but frankly, I prefer this size to carrying around a huge duffel bag that ends up full of empty water bottles or old socks. And, did I mention how good looking it is? I don't have the purple one, but the pretty silver ("opal") one. Oh, and it comes with an extra, adjustable strap in case you want to wear it on your shoulder or cross-body. Overall, I'm extremely happy with this purchase.
B003MZ0LB8 Fits it all Fits everything. Great for everyday or the gym. Holds a lot of junk of my products. You can also extend it like a messenger bag or a purse like bag
B003V5WUUE Love this bag The thing I like most about this bag is that the back holds it shape so it fits flat against your back almost like a shell. Super lightweight and easy to manage. I use this as my gym bag and my only complaint is it could be just a little bigger. I can comfortably fit my shoes, flips, and clothes in the bag no problem, but when you wear a size 11 I guess any bag would seem small. Overall, I love it and would recommend it to anyone in the market for a bag like this.
B003V5WUWM Very cute little backpack I bought this backpack for my kindergardner who thinks she is too cool for the standard princess backpacks.  This bag is sleek and stylish and very good quality.  My only complaint would be that it is slightly too small for a school bag because it is a squeeze to get her daily folder into it, although it does just fit.  We get the folder and a lunch bag into it and that's pretty much it.  Still, it is a good size for her because it sits perfectly on her back, whereas a normal sized backpack is just too big for a 5 year old. I am very happy with it.
B0041D8KTU Nice design, perfect finish ... PUMA :) This was a gift for a friend of mine that is (like myself) a Puma brand fan.The bag was little biger than I expected, no wonder since I never pay attention to dimensions, but looks great and she loved it!Make sure you note the dimensions, since it's not a zmall lady "evening out" purse.It's more of a everyday "take everything with me" girls bag. Altough I am sure every lady will find enough "neccesery" things to run out of space in it.Great job Puma!Thnx Amazon!
B0041D8LMG Right Purse.... Wrong Size... I have been looking for a nice, large, sports, Puma bag for some time now and I thought I had found it. After careful selection from various other sellers, I thought I had found the bag I was looking for. However, when it came in the mail the bag was a lot smaller than the display picture portrayed it to be.  The company should have put the purses dimensions under product description because a small purse isn't for every girl. I kept the bag even though it was a little too small for my liking.
B0041D8LMG perfect The best hand bag I have from PUMA .. The size is just perfect, not too big not too small. You get crazy with all the stuff you can put inside hehe but it still has a normal size. I really like it
B00426BUX4 DISAPPOINTED THIS BAG ISN'T WORTH A PENNY- IT RIPPED ALONG THE SEAM OF THE ZIPPER AFTER JUST THREE USE. MY SON CARRIED IT TO SCHOOL WITH JUST A PENCIL CASE AND A LUNCH BOX INSIDE - SO IT WASN'T HEAVY- BUT IT RIPPED ANYWAY. SUCH A POORLY CONSTRUCTED BAG.
B00426BUZW SIZE of Bag. Very nice bag but it really didnt say what size it was. Just said "Boys". So I thought it would be pretty small. When I received it, it was bigger then I thought its about 13" by 15"  with lots of room inside. It also has 2 nice sized meshed pockets on side. Nice book bag:)
B00426BV2E Puma Bag The bag tore within 2 weeks and the name tag name does not appear straight. It's reversed! More over the quality is poor compared to the price paid. Not a good experience. I had ordered from India. Disappointed half way around the world!
B004G5YUDS Love this Bag! I bought this bag two years ago, I have a little boy and I can do anything with this bag! If It gets durty, just wipe it off!
B004GB1242 Love Them Bought these as a gift and they look great.  They came packaged in a box with a reusable shoe bag.
B004GCJREI I love this bag!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I received today this bag and I absolutely love it. It is exactly what I was looking for : fashion gym bag. I was nicely surprised that it is larger than it looks on the picture. I will have enough room for towels and extra clothes. The pink color is amazing and quality of material is very good. I would recommend this product 100%. I was hoping to get something a little cheaper, but I am glad I paid the price. I can't wait to take it to the gym.
B004GCJRLG PUMA Flight Bag Review Overall I am pleased with the product.  Especially since it will be ideal for traveling and keeping personal items with you when you're out and about.  I will say that the item was smaller than I expected compared to some flight bags (TWA, etc).  The strap is adjustable so you can change the length of it and where the bag falls.  The interior of the bag contains a cell phone pocket and a small zippered pocket to securely contain items.  All in all the item will serve it's purpose but I will caution that if you're seeking something that can potentially hold a laptop or even a folder, then this bag will be too small for that.
B004GCJRMK Vintage, Stylish, durable I used this as my computer bag for work, now as my school bag for night classes. It holds a lot and sets me apart from the other backpacks and messenger bags. SO GLAD I went with the green. I can always find it and it's a nice pop of color :)
B004GCJRQQ Super nice bag It's soft. It's big but not too big.  It has a nice zipper pocket on the inside and a few other little compartments.  The best is that it has the zipper closure.  It's a really nice everyday bag/purse.
B004GCJRWA Modern bag for urban professionals The bag is ideal for male professionals who carry laptop (up to 15")and other few essentials like gym clothes or lunch boxes. The front two pockets make stowing smaller items easy. The bag looks like new shining leather but is made from rubber like synthetic material making it water resistant and no maintenance. The best part about this material is that bag does not crush. Unlike canvas bags which crumble on itself when empty, this bag retains its shape. The metal embellishing adds some weight but the bag is light weight overall. The quality of zips and inner lining is great. The 9" handles are long enough to hang it on shoulders or carry like a briefcase and are lightly cushioned. But I would not recommend this bag for students who need to carry books and laptops all the time. Since there is no padded cushion on the cross shoulder strap, carrying a heavy bag (10 lbs or over) will start hurt your shoulders after 10 mins.The bag is awesome overall. Highly recommended
B004GCJS56 Nice design I love the design and fabric of this bag.  The problem is the size.  Much smaller than the picture looks.  If it were larger it would be perfect.  If I knew how small it was, I probably would not have purchased this bag.  Definitely not big enough for workout clothes, shoes and towel.  But very cute.
B004GCJS7Y Best gym bag I've had in 20 years! Super cute, many compartments, fits beautifully in small lockers, has a little loop to attach my Masterlock & I feel great carrying it into stores on my way to & from the gym because it's small & stylish.  So glad I bought it!
B004GCJS7Y Perfect for the gym This is a great bag for the gym-- I love that I can put my shoes in the separate outside pocket.  This is just the right size & has just the right amount of pockets.
B004GCJSAG Love this bag Im in love with this bag! great material, gorgeous color and roomy interior. Dimensions are perfect for gym lockers. Only thing missing is a long strap.  I can carry all this in this bag:  My shampoo and conditioner (reg sized bottles), soap/etc,  tennis shoes, yoga pants /shirt, make up bag, power drink bottle on the outside mesh pocket... its like a pandora box!
B004GCJSAG Great Universal Bag I love this bag.  You can use it for the gym, book bag or other purposes.  It's very universal looking and designed that way as well.  It's not too big, but not too small.  Perfect size. Love this bag!!
B004GCJSAG Great Bag! Really like this bag, simple size, not too big and not extremely small.  I use it not only for the gym, but it's stylish enough to use as a book bag, I lug my mini laptop (w/sleeve) and textbooks inside.  It is thin, not padded or anything, but the shape is stylish and the material looks exactly as the picture shows.  Really cute, got a couple of compliments on it.
B004GCJSDS this bag sucks falls apart! I've had this since spring (now August) and it is totally falling apart.  The inside pocket is shredded and ripped open.  The straps are still in tact so far, but I don't have much faith it will last a year.  I only use it about 3 times a week, but this bag is definitely not built for wear and tear!
B004GCJSQ0 super bag I just recieve my package and I am really satisfy.this is a long lasting bag good for week end get away and for college too, lots of pocket and a space for laptop.
B004GCJT0U Love it The bag looks very nice. I like the material it's made of, the things inside would never get wet if it rains. It's sturdy and spacious.
B004N85QJU awesome!!! got it for 20 bucks cheaper than the store and its perfect as a work bag, riding bike or hikes since its not a huge bag, that it looks you going to school
B004R6XJ2Y Better that the picture! This bag is very nice, the color is most brilliant the the photo, I use it for my gym class everyday and I fell that everyone look at it!!
B004VRFO22 Nice bag, but too expensive. Bought this bag for its pretty bright colors, mainly used as my gym bag.  It was bigger than I anticipated, but turned out to be a good thing since it fit all the things I needed (shoes, clothes, lock, water bottle, mini toiletries and a small towel).  Don't think it was worth $40 bucks though :/
B004ZIP5GW Exactly what I wanted These are now my go to shoes for everyday use.  They're comfortable and sturdy but still breathe.  They came with a nice storage bag which I thought was a good touch.
B004ZIP5GW Puma The shoes showed up in a reasonable amount of time.  I love the stlye and color. The packaging was great.  They came in a handy carry bag that I take to the gym every day
B004ZIP5GW super comfortable super comfortable shoes for everyday use, recommended for those who want a lightweight shoe that keeps your feet cool, even the bag its cool
B004ZIWJL6 great shoes! Used them for a wedding and they looked great and were very comfortable with all the standing for pictures and walking around.  I also liked the little bag they came with.
B00541TQMS PUMA bag for kids Bought 2 of these for my sons soccer stuff. These will fit a size 3 soccer ball, cleats and a water bottle. The seams ripped a little, but the material is a nice quality. I will just re-sew the seams and be ok. The strings are long for a 6 year old to carry on back and ride a bike. I dont think this was designed to be a soccer bag, but looks real cool !!!!
B0054XVD5E LOVE I love this bag I bought it to take with me when I am riding my bike around to keep water and whatever else I want to take with me it is a great bag
B0054XVD5E light bag this is very light bag to shoulder .very sick but strong . i like this .but little small for big men ,  then its best for woman I think
B0058XF6Q2 perfect item it said everything on the site. came in package like brand new. came with awesome protection bag for the shoe.
B0058XJ9VK perfect shoe nice color,true to size, very good quality, comfy and cute...what else do you need?? oh and they come in a very practical multipurpose bag..perfect!
B005B2H1FE pretty model lightweight shoes, good colors, the bag that brings the packaging is very useful but the bag came broken, the rest all good
B005FDOOG8 I love it. I got it way ahead of time! It's a great backpack, comfy and pretty. But I have to say: it's huge! Even though I carry my macbook pro and several books, it's still quite spacious. It will be a perfect bag for travel but too big for school. I'm satisfied and will recommend it to my friends.
B005HEKJTQ LOVE this bag! Size: this bag is very roomy! I've been looking for something for the gym but I often use it for school as a nice way to lug all my crap in a stylish bag.Organization: wish there were more pockets inside but it's still very nicely organized with a large zipper inside and two separate mesh compartments on the other side as well as a large zipper on the outside; has 2 side pockets large enough to hold a huge water bottle or an umbrella and whatnot.Grip: this is one of the most important things I look for in a great bag, especially one that I'm going to be lugging around all day. It has a great top handle for carrying that is comfortable and roomy, also a fantastic crossbody strap with a comfortable padding!Overall: I love this bag! It is such a winner. I've spent so much money and so little money on tote bags but I have not not found one yet worthy of a 5star review. I absolutely love this bag, it's very well-made and moderately priced (in my opinion). This one will definitely get some good...
B005HEKJTQ Broke I loved this bag right when I got it. Used it for school for a couple of days and started taring apart!
B005HEKL0S Superbag I searched for the bag to go to swimming pool. This bag is great, it is big enough, but is not bulky at all. Very feminine as I needed. I am very satisfied now.
B005HELL3Y Great bag I love this bag. Its got plenty of room for all of my things for the gym. Pockets on the side and a zippered pocket inside.
B005HELPYO Great bag I really like this bag. It is big enought to hold so much...and it's comfortable! The quality is great too!
B005HELPYO perfect for the gym This bag is perfect for the gym, get my little towel, my bottle of water, wallet, phone, gloves and more, enter all in and is not very big, is very comfortable with several pockets inside to keep it tidy, is equal to the photo .
B005HELPYO The perfect bag Not too big, not too small.  if I could find this size and shape in every fabric and color on the planet, I would own them all!
B005HELPYO great I love this bag. I use it for the gym and it is the perfect size. Fits my water bottle, towel, books, gloves, keys, etc. without unnecessary bulk.
B005HELR1K Use as a diaper bag I have not been able to find a diaper bag that I like so I figured I would try this.  So far I like it.  It is lightweight and durable and is definitely large enough for all I need to carry.
B005HELR1K Love the bag The Puma Freestyle tote is just as described.  I use it as my everything purse; diaper bag, snack bag and purse.  I love it because it is the perfect size; not too big  but just big enough to carry everything you need when you have kids, all in one.
B005HELR1K great bag Looks nice and it is very roomy inside. I love that there are two places to put your water bottles.
B005HELR1K Not bad. Just not, just right This bag was listed with purses. When it got here it is clearly more a large tote for overnight items or taking a change of clothes along to the gym. Nice piece but could have been listed better.
B005HELTQ8 Love the bag! This is a wonderful bag with many pockets and, sometimes to a disadvantage, fits MANY things in it! Great bag!
B005HELTQ8 Best gym bag ever! I love everything about this bag!!! love the color; it's the perfect size; has compartments for shoes, and valuables; the shoulder strap is adjustable; it's functional and fashionable; it's really nice, and it's worth every penny! (I've only had it for a month, but no problems whatsoever! so far it does seem sturdy; I carry weighted gloves, small set of dumbbells, shoes, and two to three changes of clothes)
B005HELTQ8 Perfect little gym bag! This is like the holy grail of small gym bags for me!I have purchase a few 'small' gym bags with the very important shoe compartment/pocket that ended up being WAY too big for my needs.Several little pockets line this bag for toiletries, etc.The outside zip compartment/pocket for shoes offers plenty of room for my size 6's, in fact, I can fit 2 pair in the pocket.The bag itself is not extremely structured and that is just what I needed to squish it into a limited gym locker space.Several colors are available, but I chose the purple w/ orange. So cute!Only con I see is there is no little pocket for bottled water, but I am more than ok with that.This bag rocks!
B005HELTQ8 Good bag It has all the space that I need. The side pockets are huge! I just wish that the bottom had something to make it flat.
B005HELTQ8 Pretty and Practical I love this bag. The color was what drew me to it at first, and it's every bit as happy as it looks in the picture, although it's considerably darker (I got the blue, and it doesn't look as sky-blue as it does in the picture but it's still bright.)There are two side pockets that are big enough to fit sneakers in (or tennis shoes, if that's where you're from.) So there are ample pockets for my shoes, my shower stuff, change of clothes, and a pocket for my combination lock. Size-wise, it's a pretty decent bag. Not a huge duffel, but not a teeny tote. It feels very durable and I expect it to hold up.
B005HELTQ8 Great Bag! I put my kickboxing wraps, boxing gloves, and mat shoes along with workout log book and still have room for sweat tops and bottoms for when the summer is over.  Bag is well constructed and handy to use for gym or weekend trips.  Rides on my shoulder well and comfortable with all of the clothing/gear mentioned above in it.  Can wear cross body too.  I am 5'11 male with 46&#34; chest shoulder strap adjusts to go over head and hangs to about hip/button level.The end compartments are meshed and allow wraps to breath a little to keep odder down, pockets in main section for keys, phone, wallet during class.  Like the bag a lot want another one, but can't find one in stock.
B005HELTQ8 everything i wanted in a gym bag fulfilled my gym bag checklist:- zippered shoe compartment- main body has deep enough inside pockets to hold the essentials: cell phone, keys, ear buds, ipod, spare hair bands- main body has clip on key ring that i use to hold my gym card for easy unclip/clip check-in- main body holds towel, change of clothes, make-up bag, and reading tablet- second zipped pocket to hold toiletries- collapsible body to easily shove into locker- definite hobo style, so easily sags and molds to your body so does not feel bulky or cumbersome- compactgot the grey/pink!! color pretty accurate a little more muted than picture. love it!
B005HELTQ8 Add a small external zipper bag would have made it a perfect gym bag..!! I would have given it a 5-star rating had the bag also has a little zipper pocket on the outside for holding things like gym locker card/key, car keys, etc.  It is not convenient to have to open the main compartment to get to these types of items and the two pockets at the ends of the bag are perfect for shoes and water bottle or wet clothes but not for small items.  Overall, it is a very nicely made bag of good quality.  I particularly like its size which does not appear to be big but actually could house quite a number of things such as changing clothes and a blanket for yoga....
B005HELTQ8 Happy bag Good pockets. Comfy strap. Zippers are high quality. Can fit everything pretty well for a weeks vacation or ski trip. No negatives so far.
B005HELTQ8 Pretty in Pink It's spacious and it's pretty. I really like the color. I have no complain. Perfect for traveling and or a gym bag. &#128516;
B005HELTQ8 Perfect in every way. This bag was definitely well designed and made. Perfect size for two sets of gym clothes and a towel and shoes. Perfect shape when full and comfortable over the shoulder. Holds my keys, locker lock, gym badge, tanning oil, wallet, earphones and phone perfectly. PUMA is written in dark grey across the shoulder strap... nice touch. LOVE IT !
B005HEM8RW SUPER ADORABLE! I bought the black one and it is super adorable. I wanted something that I can bring when I'm traveling back and forth from college and home. The bag is a good size to carry stuff I need for a few days. However, I'm giving this bag a 4 star because it is made of soft leather so it is not sturdy for carrying heavier items. I'm not sure how durable this bag is or how long it will last but I hope it will last me a few years because it's too cute!
B005HEM8RW Expected more for the price. I was very happy with this bag for the first week. The seller shipped the item VERY quickly, and the bag looked great. However, after the first week the shoulder strap broke. I was very disappointed because I expected a higher quality bag for the price. The week after that, the zipper broke. I suggest you look elsewhere, this bag has a loooot of space and looks great, but it won't last. For the price, it's not worth it.
B005HEM9HQ Bag is awesome This puma bag is awesome!!!!!  Worth every penny . The bag is very spacious and beautiful. I get a lot of compliments on the bag. Will definitely buy another one. The seller was very expedious on getting my bag out. I will definitely buy from them again.
B005HEM9HQ Love it. I just love this bag.  It can be an everyday bag, very roomy, color pops and stylist.  Not too big and not too small.
B005HEM9HQ Love it!!! I am very satisfy with the seller. I received my bag early and it came in great condition. And yes, it looks awesome!!! I use it as a gym bag and it motivate me to go to he gym...love showin it off
B005HEM9HQ This bag is awesome! This bag is so cute.  It's big enough to use as a weekend bag, and as a teacher, I sometimes use it as a tote bag when I have a lot of papers.  I love the color.
B005HEMCUA New go to bag I love this bag.  It came quickly and is still in very good condition (I have used it every day since I got it about 3 months ago and I am very hard on shoes and accessories).  It's simple and compliments any outfit due to it's classic black bag look.  I like the little puma detail that it has.  All and all a great purchase.
B005HEMCUA recomandation excelent material and the bag it is big enough
B005HEMCUA Great gift Bought this as a gift....the person loves this bag a lot as it is spacious and look exactly as seen in the picture
B005HEMSW2 Love it Love this big I have been looking for a bag like this for long time big enough to carry tablets cloths etc
B005HEMSW2 good bag, good quality My wife has really enjoyed this bag.  She mostly uses it for an overnight bag, but it would also be great for an everyday gym bag or something like that.
B005HEMSW2 I use this for everything I use this bag to go to work, gym, etc. I love it! very durable!MUST BUY! I wouldn't change a thing!
B005HEMSW2 Adriana Bandres I loved the gift of my husband, this super!! the bag is fantastic ... simply very good, would recommend and am very happy with the bag and are as fast delivery. RECOMMENDED!!
B005HEMSW2 Great Bag! Love this bag!  Exactly as pictured, even has longer shoulder strap included with sturdy and fashionable hardware detail, PLUS a laptop compartment!!  Just a bit large for me, but still love it.
B005HEMSW2 Not so happy This bag is huge!! Definitely NOT for school bag!! Otherwise its ok but I was really disappointed because of its size:(( I really wish it woud be a bit smaller! Its super super big!
B005HEMSW2 holding up ok i've had it for a few months now and there is wear, maybe that is normal, it is my everyday commuter bag/gym bag so it gets a lot of use.  i shove it in a gym locker a couple of times a day and then there is the train.  the handles show wear and some parts of the piping, but i do like it.  it is roomy and i love that there is a place for my laptop. i usually carry my workout clothes, my laptop and my lunch in it and works out fine for me.
B005HEMSW2 love it i love the bag...I read the reviews so I new it was going to large. it got the bag for 28 bucks and that included shipping....I got my bag two day quicker than it said I would... but love the bag... it's a great travel bag or gym bag..
B005HEMSW2 big bag This bag is pretty large .... this bag is for overnight occasions or the gym but if u love big bags than this is it and it came quick
B005HEMSW2 Great deal! Very nice bag, especially for the price.  I bought mine to use as a gym bag on days I only need to bring a few items.  If you shower/get ready at the gym after your workout, it may not hold everything you need.  It also makes a good travel bag... it will hold snacks, magazines, phone, laptop... everything you need for a small road trip.  If you are planning on using it for a purse, I think it is a little bit too large for that (look at the measurements).  Overall, a very cute bag!  I even bought one for my friend who is a huge Puma fan... she loves it, too!
B005HEMSW2 Gr8 bag My wife has a puma sneakers and one or two tops with the colors matching this bag, so just had to get it as a surprise for her birthday. She was shocked, she loves it. Looks really good, lots of room and strong. Really good buy. A++
B005HEMSW2 If your looking for a GYm bag or over night, this is it. When I received the bag, I didn't expect it to be so big.  I am able to fit my gym clothes sneakers and accessories.  If you are looking for a small bag this is not it.  I am very happy with my buy.
B005HEMSW2 perfect gift Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend's birthday.  I bought it as an overnight bag, but it really is too small for that, even though my girlfriend travels very light.  She uses it more as an everyday tote bag to/from work/school/externships.  There's a padded pocket to put your laptop in as well as a number of other compartments.  It is well-made and the blue color really pops - it's very vintage-y & stylish.  I wanted to keep it for myself!  It would make a great gym bag or everyday tote bag, but if you're looking for an overnight bag you might want to go bigger.
B005HEMSW2 Good bag for travelling! This bag is huge and can carry a lot of stuff. It has a bunch of compartments, including a fleece-lined laptop compartment which is really useful. The quality is great and it looks nice too. Would definitely recommend.
B005HEMSW2 great bag fits everything I would need to travel. aside from the handles, it looks like it could be a unisex bag. Nice lined pockets for electronic devices. I use this for travel a lot because its a pretty big bag. The one thing that I do not like is that after I stuff this thing full of clothes and makeup it weighs A TON! Granted, its my fault for packing it but still, I find it gets heavy quickly. Luckily it has a giant shoulder strap so I can lug it around. haha.
B005HEMSW2 perfect for work and gym days I was looking for something roomy enough for gym clothes and my laptop (15&#34;) - just what I needed to carry both to work. The bag seems durable and is a nice leather-type surface.
B005HEMSW2 really love it. I loved this bag, but weighs just covering all my expectations and more, really love it.Thank you so much
B005HEMSW2 This is Not a Woman's Bag I checked the Puma website. It's unisex.  However, that may be one of the reasons it's so heavily discounted. I myself was hesitant to buy a &#34;woman's&#34; bag to use for the gym.  But to all appearances, it looked like a classic gym bag, so I checked Puma's website.  Well, I'm glad I did. It's a spacious gym bag that still fits into a locker.  I have room for all my gear and then some.  It's made of a sturdy material and has lots of pockets inside for your wallet, heaphones, tablet, keys, etc.  And it's manly ;-)
B005HEMSW2 Puma Grip Fast delivery and its exactly what was stated......a great buy and will make a great gift as its a big bag
B005HEMSW2 nice size for gym clothes!!! vinyl, not for use every day but looks great!is also a lab top bag. have 2 small compartments and 2 large with clip for keys too
B005HEMSW2 Wonderful! This bag serves all my needs with pockets for a laptop or tablet, phone and more with plenty of room left for my gym clothes and lunch box. A great find with a gorgeous look.
B005HEMSW2 Good buy. Nice, fashionable gym bag. I tote this everyday as an over sized purse and gym bag. Has adequate compartments and pockets inside to keep things organized. I plan to buy the black version next.
B005HEMSW2 A bag that atttracts attention This bag is the envy of all bags. I cant get enough compliments.I only wish they had it in different colours, like lilac and purple,or different shades of green or pink.More colours are definitiel needed to match your different outfits. pass the message on to the manufactures.Love it
B005HEMSW2 Lovely! This bag came quickly and is high quality. I'm using it as a stylish gym bag and I love it. The laptop compartment comes in handy, since often carry both my gym clothes and my laptop or ipad to work.
B005HEMSW2 Puma Bag Absolutely Love my Puma bag!!! It's a nice size and excellent for the gym! Versatile, stylish and great value for money.
B005HEMSW2 Luggage I originally bought this for a purse and its huge will keep and use as a overnight bag for when we go on trips or vacation
B005HEMSW2 Puma Rocks! I love Puma products and have been purchasing their bags for several years now: Great quality and durability! My only quibble is that I wish the bag was slightly bigger. Besides that great product.
B005HEMVL0 Bought in red Nice bag.  Just the right size for sports games and trips to the gym.  So far only had for a couple of months and still looks like new.  My only concern is how it will age.  The material's good but feel there may be stripping later.  I gave 5 stars for now
B005HEN3IK Puma perfect I got the Puma Super Cell Fusion Ice in red. It's a good fit and great price. They came with the cleat tool and shoe bag!
B005HEQ85U Great buy! I bought this for my boyfriend (now ex boyfriend) as a surprise! It's large enough for a soccer ball, shoes, a change of clothes and a purse (I always stored it in his bag during games)! It is great quality and stands up to Gatorade spills, mud and serious torture that would make any other bag tear into pieces. Highly recommend this product!
B005HEQ85U Very spacious n lite!! For gym.Very ease to useI use this with other bag so that I can air it out if it got wet during showering
B005HEQARQ What a nice bag. I needed a black bag for carrying my reffing paraphernalia and had been looking around till I found this. The weight is just right yet it has a feel of solidity. The zippers are robust and the lightweight straps, to my surprise, work very well. I also like the assortment of pockets particularly the inside bag where I can store my wet gear separate from my other stuff. It's big enough to accommodate everything I need including my jacket. The outside mesh pockets have a thoughtful Velcro closure for sealing in my watch, whistles, and cards that I need quick access to. It takes up little space when empty and can be hung in my closet when not in use. It is obviously designed by someone who uses and appreciates bags.
B005HEQARQ Excellent Travel Carry On Use for carry-on during flights...perfect! Great pocket placement, including a rear security pocket to stash documents, wallet, etc.When not flying, this is my dream come true as my teacher bag. Sturdy, roomy, comfortable to carry.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
B005HEQARQ excellent product Use for carry-on during flights...perfect! Great pocket placement, including a rear security pocket to stash documents, wallet, etc.When not flying, this is my dream come true as my teacher bag. Sturdy, roomy, comfortable to carry.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
B005HEQARQ Zippers broken I bought this bag on the pretense that it would make a good bag for the gym or to take jogging. It fails at this in many respects.first of all, the bag is really floppy and the material is not well suited as a bag for holding heavy gear. It won't stand up on it's own and falls over all the time.second, where the straps mount to the bottom of the bag dig into the small of my back and caused irritationthird, the water bottle pockets are too shallow. I've had tons of drinks fall out.fourth, after about 8 months the zipper just broke. By broke, I mean it literally tore out of the bag. So its done.fifth, if you buy this don't put anything in the vertical zipper you don't want stolen. It is very easy to open from behind and you will not feel it.
B005HEQARQ Nice bag Very spacious and organized for college books, computers and other miscellaneous items. I would recommend anyone this bag. Its durable and washable.
B005HEQARQ awesome bag very stylish, lots of cool pockets, especially the one behind the bag (i store my wallet there)I love this thing, its sporty, holds a decent amount of things, and has functional use with all the interior and exterior pockets.the only con is the way it fits, its kind of annoying over the shoulders because the should straps are kind of crumby. they aren't always even, or maybe its my shoulders. it really does annoy me, but the beauty and use of this bag far outweighs that concern.BUY IT
B005LC5FTS perfect This bag came exactly as described. I got it for my sisters boyfriend who needed a bag to put all his soccer equipment in and it fit everything perfectly
B005LC5FTS Loved it!! The bag is truly awesome. I liked it alot. The bag is very spacious and loads of pockets. Loved it.!!!
B005LCE58A Can't complain Very sturdy and easy to lug around. Love the shoe pouch, very easy to put and remove shoes. Pretty spacious for what I want to do with my gym bag. Its has nice and deep side pouch and a wallet / key inside pouch.Would be a 5-starer, but its a little pricey,
B005LCE58A It's what you would want it to be. Good strong handles that are well sewn and show no sign of breaking or tearing after a month or so of use. Large enough main compartment to fit a full change of clothes, flipy flopies, towel and a hygiene bag. Although at that point it's getting a bit snug. The side compartments are large enough for a 32oz gator aid without much trouble.Good bag for a good price. I'd say go for it if you're thinking about a new gym bag.
B005LCE58A The shoe pocket is great I needed a new bag for the gym, nothing too big, this one was a prefect size and was presently surprised by the segregated shoe pocket keeping my clothes away from my running sneakers
B005LCE58A Tough little bag This is the perfect size gym bag for me. I was looking for a medium duffle that had a shoulder stap as well. This fits the bill. The end bag with vent for the shoes is genius. It does tend to protrude into the main bag when I put my shoes in though. This is my everyday throw around bag. The material is strong too. No rips and tears so far, and I don't think I'll have to worry about that.
B005LCE58A Good and bad I liked what I saw when I pulled the bag out of the packaging. After only two days use I could see a visible tear in the seam. I kept only a pair of shorts, shirt and shoes in it. The items were not heavy at all. So, overall I don't appreciate that the bag did not meet it's expectations. :(
B005LCE58A Good bag Ordered this for my husband. He loves it. Its not too big nor too small. We like how its also plain and simple.
B005LCE58A Nice size bag, good quality. Nice bag. The dark red was a bit darker than the pic but still very nice. Bag works great for my sons soccer gear. Just the right size. I like the oversized zipper pulls.
B005LCE58A Pink Duffel  Bag This gym bag is better than I thought it would be. Perfect size and everything! The bag alone is motivating me to work out more! Lol
B005LCE58A Perfect gym duffel for largeish man I'm 6'0", size 11 sneakers, size L/XL gym gear.  It all fits in this bag.  Sneakers (in their own compartment) weight belt, shorts, shirts, socks, knee brace, gloves, wraps, tape, towel, extra briefs, and band-aids.  It's not stuffed with all this stuff in it.  Nice shoulder strap.  I ordered about 6 different medium bags to test, this one was by far the winner for me.  It's perfect.
B005LCE58A Enough room for everything. Great bag. The shoe holder part is great. keeps the dirt off of my clothes. Enough room for a full change of clothes, towel and wash cloth, and had a small zip pocket inside that is great for soap(which i assume is what its for). If you are bringing supplements and a full load of clothes you may need more room.
B005LCE58A Just what my husband wanted Beautiful bag, bright color, right size. Nice fabric and my husband is really happy about it.Thinking about getting a couple for my kids too.
B005LCE58A A solid buy This duffel is well constructed and the perfect size for a routine gym bag. The vented shoe pouch is very convenient.
B005LCE58A Not that robust The shoe compartment occupies the space inside bag which reduces the total space. Also bag quality is not superfine may not sustain robust usage.
B005LCE58A Great, compact bag -- fits gym needs perfectly My wife recently got me this bag for Father's Day.  As other reviews state, it seems too small at first glance, but it is deceivingly spacious and a perfect fit for most gym lockers.  The bag I had been using prior was a few inches longer and I would have to angle or crush it to get it to fit within the confines of most lockers I'd use.The bag looks great (mine is a light blue).  The zippers move smoothly.  The small inside pouch is perfect for keys, phone, wallet, etc.  The zippered pouch on one end has plenty of space for odds and ends.  And the coolest feature is definitely the shoe pouch.  You're going to be putting your shoes in the bag anyway.  Having a separate area to segregate them (and their dirt) from the rest of your stuff is great (this area is also a good space to put sweaty items too).All in all, a great gym bag that should fit most peoples' needs.  I go to the gym before work so a change of clothes, towel, toiletries, etc. is all necessary and this bag does the job!
B005LCE58A A great gym bag with many uses. I purchased this to bring to the gym with me, and it works amazing. It's high quality material and has a ton of room. If I need to pack it full of stuff to go play a full on field sport event it has the capacity, if I need it just to go to the gym it compresses down so you can fit it in the not so large sized lockers. I don't have any complaints whatsoever with it.
B005LCE58A very good bag for the gym The previous reviews were right in that the bag is smaller, but it is the perfect size for the gym unless you plan to carry protein around.
B005LCE58A Beware, you get what you pay for. I have owned many puma items ranging from shirts, to shoes and shorts, etc. Given the quality of those items I thought it appropriate to own a puma gym bag for when I'm on the go.Not only is this bag made with terrible quality...it has spawned 2 disastrous eyesore holes in less than 2 months of usage. Buyers beware, this bag is really poor quality. I guess you really do get what you pay for. I'll be investing in a better quality bag very soon.
B005LCE58A Nice size for a gym or overnight bag, good quality. I needed a smaller bag to throw in the trunk as an overnight bag, this fit the bill perfectly.I'd rate quality as a &#34;high medium&#34; (3.5 stars, if that helps you). The material and workmanship is good overall. Stuffed full of clothes for a couple of days, and a slim toiletry bag that fits in the left outside zipped pocket, it has a solid feel.Something that is not that obvious from the photos or the description is the &#34;shoe compartment&#34;. The right side of the bag zips open to reveal a long inner bag that will allow you to stow your shoes. There are a couple of nicely made vents on the lower portion of the side of the bag to vent your stinky gym shoes. However, the trade-off is that the shoe compartment pushes into the main portion of the bag, so if you have it stuffed full of clothes and accessories, your shoes will have to find a place to go. In other words, only fill your bag half full if you intend to stow your shoes in it.Note, I paired this toiletry bag linked below with this duffel, and as I mentioned, it fits perfectly into the left outside pocket so you don't have to worry about stuffing shampoos, etc into the main bag.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00AM7I9WC
B005LCE58A Nice bag. Nice bag. Great for going to the gym after work. Separate compartment for shoes. Light weight and has a good look to it.
B005LCE58A Good quality, but not machine washable like it says This is a very nice quality bag.  It doesn't have any weird, plastic-y smell, which is something I ran into for reviews for lots of other bags I looked at.  If you have big feet, there isn't a ton of room in this bag once the shoes are in the shoe bin.  I have small feet and really only need to bring my gym clothes in this bag, so this is not really a problem for me.This bag has 2 side pockets: one for shoes and another you could put an MP3 player, water bottle, lock, etc. in.  The inside is one large pocket (but again, the shoe part sticks in) and there is a small zippered pocket on the inside that would be perfect for wallet, keys, etc.Here is the reason I knocked one star off the review: Part of the reason I bought this bag was the description says it is machine washable.  I was thinking it would be nice to have that option in case it starts to get funky.  However, the tag on the bag says &#34;spot clean&#34; only.  It seems sturdy enough that it may hold up to washing on a delicate cycle, but I am not sure.  Just wanted to let you know that technically it is not machine washable.  If I ever try washing it I will update my review.
B005LCE58A Perfect Gym Bag This bag is great for its purpose and fits my sneakers clothes and towel and shower stuff. would recommend to others
B005LCE58A Perfect Gym bag This bag is the right size if you work out at a gym.  I fit a full change of clothes and a set of sandals with plenty of room for other items.  For the price, this bag is well made.  I have not had any issues with the zippers or the bag itself.  If you are looking for a straight gym bag, this is it. You will not be disappointed, for it does the job.
B005LCE58A Perfect! This bag can fit more clothes/stuff than it appears. I LOVE the BIG side pocket to put shoes in. Stylish, good quality, and durable. This bag is not only for men. I love it!
B005LCE58A Nice Little Bag This bag is the perfect size to throw some gym clothes and shoes in for a trip to the gym. An added bonus is an end pocket that one can put their used gym clothes in so they do not mingle with other things.
B005LCE58A Good size gym bag with two side pockets Good size gym bag with two side pockets, one of which expands into the bag to hold your shoes separate from your clothes but still inside the bag protected from the elements. This is a really nice feature which could also be used to separate soiled clothes from clean ones for example. There is one small pocket inside the bag hanging from the top seam in the back which is only big enough to hold small items like your phone or wallet. I wish there was a front pocket or a mesh side pocket to hold a water bottle or something else you need quick access to but otherwise I am very happy with this bag.
B005LCE58A Great bag with sturdy, quality construction I was looking for a gym bag to take to and from work as my office has a built-in gym and I wanted something easy to carry around, yet large enough to pack my work clothes in without getting wrinkled.I first went to Target but all their bags were ugly and obviously cheaply made.I found this one on Amazon, and while it was a little above my price range, it was completely worth it. It's just the right size, looks nice, has a good quality should strap with very nice padding, and plenty of storage. My favorite feature is the the shoe compartment, which is accessed from the side. You can store your shoes in there without them dirtying your clothes and the pocket is very large so you won't be cramming your shoes there and struggling to zip it up. On the inside, it has a zippered pouch, which has plenty of room for my combo lock, running headphones, and iPhone silicon case. The zippers have nice big tassles (not sure if that is exactly the correct word) that make it easy to zip and unzip, and the zippers/teeth are high quality and the action is smooth.This bag is perfect for my needs. You can easily fit your shoes, pants, socks, shirt, belt, and a couple of books if needed. Great basic bag for packing gym essentials.
B005LCE58A Its thin and holds stuff For being one of the top rated bags on amazon i was surprised at how thin the bag was and how hard it was to put my shoes in the shoe compartment while there was other things in the main compartment.  I give it a resounding 'meh'.
B005LCE58A Here I come, GOLD"S GYM I ordered this as a birthday present for my husband. At 82 years old he goes to the gym three times a week, and he loves this bag, especially the special pocket for shoes.
B005LCE58A Great bag I love this bag. It fits all of my gym stuff nicely, and it is not too big of a bag.
B005LCE58A Nice Bag This is a really nice bag.  It holds everything you need for a workout.  I have had it for about a month and there are no rips and tears.  It looks good and would make a good gift for a gym rat.
B005LCE58A Great BAG This bag was one of my favorite purchases i love this bag - all of its compartment is perfect for all my gym supplies
B005LCE58A Great Bag This is a really great bag holds a lot of stuff and looks great ! And The price was right ...
B005LCE58A even better than expected I had high expectations for this bag, but when it arrived I was even more impressed with the quality and attention to detail. Very versatile and well-thought-out pockets.
B005LCE58A Acceptable Size, physical appearances, and quality is identical to product descriptions. Good as a short trip bag or a gym bag. However, consumers out there, please do not use this to keep items that is too heavy, as the fabric may not be tough enough to withstand the weight load.
B005LCE58A Nice product It's a nice bag but I would have liked it to have more small bags inside and out of the bag so you can reach your locker keys or drop some coins (small objects).Pink color is great, I love that!
B005LCE58A Good Quality Bag Doesn't hurt that it's pink and cute! Liked the handles and the shoe pocket is great. A good size, overall a nice gym bag that can double as an over nighter as it's fairly roomy. Price is reasonable.
B005LCE58A Excellent PUMA Men's Teamsport Formation 20 Inch Duffel Bag, is a good looking item that represent mark Puma.you can buy it with confidence.
B005LCE58A Excellent bag! Great price, great size, very durable. I work out 5 days a week and I am able to store 3 t-shirts, shorts, my shoes, random toiletries with room to spare. It also fits perfectly in a standard size locker. I can't think of any cons offhand.
B005LCE58A Gave as a gift and he loves it! This is a great bag, I gave it as a gift for my fiance' to use for the gym and it works perfect for him. It's also simple and classic and he takes it on the train with him everyday to work. Very happy with this purchase!
B005LCE58A Perfect Great size. Not too big, not too small. Looks great! Would defiantly recommend this bag to anyone looking for a gym bag!
B005LCE58A A good gym bag This item was delivered when promised, was well packaged, and is a good value.  This bag is perfect for a towel, shoes, and your shower products. It has a comfortable shoulder strap, and a cool storage compartment for your shampoo, deodorant, soap, and lock for your locker. I use it daily to my visit to the local gym.
B005LCE58A Excellent Perfect size for gym. No need for large bulky gym bags. This will be my gym bag for a really long time
B005LCE58A Nice duffle bag It's a nice duffle bag, big enough to carry all the stuff for my Swimming activities. The thing I'm a little disapointed with is that it arrives with a small stain of yellow glue or kind of that near the stripe. Other wise I recommed this product.
B005LCE58A nice Nice bag. I bought it for my husband. But would say it is very universal. It is perfect size for gym. You can fit in your close and shoes perfectly.
B005LCE58A Not bulky and very functional Use it daily, great small gym bag. It fits everything that I need with room to spare for work documents, lunch, ect. I use side pocket for toiletries and the built-in shoe bag is a nice feature that keeps your sneakers separate from your clothes. This duffel bag is not bulky and it's very functional.
B005LCE58A Great After-Work Basic Bag - Just the right size I needed a gym bag for basic stuff:  shoes, small towel, shorts, sweat shirt, sport socks and some room for a water bottle and a snack.  This bag does the trick if that is all you need. There is still room for small personal effects (small shampoo, soap, brush, shower sandles, etc).  One of the side compartments has air holes for ventilation (post work out laundry or shoes) and actually is fairly large as it extends into the main compartment of the bag.  I wear a woman's size 11 shoe and it fits w/room to spare.  The other compartment is normal-sized.  There is a small zippered compartment inside as well for phone/keys/small wallet.  It does the job, it would be better if it had one more zipped compartment on the outside, but i am not using it against the rating.  The strap has a shoulder protector, again nothing elaborate, but its does the job.
B005LCE58A Amazing bargain - Size of the bag is apt for gym purpose- Special shoe section makes it much more worthy of the purchase- strong and light weight
B005LCE58A Great Gym Bag I chose this bag because of the design and color. Everything fits comfortably and it's easy to carry around. I just wish there was a bottle holder for my water. The material is lightweight and easy to dry up. The shoe compartment can fit both my shoes and sandals.
B005LCE58A Nice gym bag good qualityThe zipper is big and smoothHas a pouch for you shoes with small air ventsA small zipper pocket for keys, lock, etc.A side pocket for misc stuff.Kind of pricey but the quality makes it worth it.
B005LCE58A Great for price. Bag serves it's purpose.  It's small but works well for what I need it for-- to bring shoes, toiletry kit, underwear, and socks.
B005LCE58A Great bag! Stylish and has multiple compartments I've had this bag for a few weeks and I take it to the gym with me. It is perfect for a pair of shoes in the convenient separate compartment, and a few pairs of workout clothes. It has another side compartment opposite of the one for shoes and it has a little hanging compartment within the main compartment where you can store headphones, jewelry, etc...It seems to be well made. Haven't really tested its durability. Overall it is a good size for going to the gym and I'd recommend it for that use or small overnight trips.
B005LCE58A A solid buy Well, my old Adidas duffel that I've had for 20+ years finally gave out and I needed a new bag. I researched for a good bit and knew I didn't need anything especially large. I mainly wanted something that could hold all of my running gear, to keep it all in one place, and be easy to grab on the way out of the door. This bag fits the bill perfectly.The shoe compartment is actually a tunnel that runs through the main compartment of the bag. I was expecting just a large side pocket, and the tunnel does take up some space within the bag. Even with that, though, I was able to fit a ton of stuff in the bag with room to spare.It has another large side pocket that is perfect for gels, headbands, whatever other items you may have.  It would've been great had this pocket had a divider so that I could separate things a bit more. The bag is soft and does not have a stability insert for the bottom. I happen to like this, as I prefer my bag to mold to me a bit and not be too stiff. This bag molds great and is easy to carry.I gave this bag 4 stars as the material feels sort of cheap. One other reviewer compared it to a reusable shopping bag, and I would say it feels about the same. However, my reusable shopping bags have taken a lot of wear, so who knows. I doubt this bag will last the 20 years my last one did, but overall, it is functional, form fitting, holds a ton and is very nice looking.
B005LCE58A Great gym/pool bag The size of this bag is great; It was a gifts for my mom, for her this is a big bag for the gym.I find it very practical when she needs to go to the pool.
B005LCE58A BEST DUFFEL BAG EVER!! BEST DUFFEL BAG EVER HAD, well it has 4 compartments 1 for shoes so your clothes will not get dirty,then one for clothes(the big main one), the other end of the bag(which is the opposite side of the shoes compartment) has a medium size compartment for phones protein bars accessory and whatever you want,the last one is actually inside the main one its about a pouch size perfect for storing your wallet while your working out i cannot be anymore pleased with my purchase i highly highly recommend this more then worth it! love it!
B005LCE58A Perfect size Great bag, durable and perfect for everyday use. Fits easily into a locker and the separate shoe section is great for winter climates where you have to bring a change of shoes with you everywhere.
B005LCE58A Great product, right size This is a great gym bag and features everything that the description claims. The only slight issue is that it is a bit thin, but still durable.
B005LCE58A Perfect Gym Bag This bag is exactly what I needed to take to the gym at work everyday. Perfect size, has handles and shoulder strap. Sturdy enough when not full. The side shoe pocket is separate and ventilated. Black / Navy is a great color.
B005LCE58A good bag The quality was just as expected and just the right size. It makes a great sports bag and come with a separate compartment for wet suits or dirty clothes.
B005LCE58A Great Workout Bag Great Bag ... one of the side pockets is designed for you shoes, where it has a separate large &#34;pocket&#34; that protrudes into the center of the bag ... thus keeping your shoes and clothes separate ... it also has a little zippered pouch inside for your deodorant, keys, etc.
B005LCE58A Overpriced OK bag but way overpriced.  It's got a neat compartment for shoes and looks OK overall satisfied with the bag but when I saw some other Nike and Reebok  ones I wasn't happy on how much I spent on it.
B005LCE58A Awsome bag Bought this for my fianc&eacute; as a gym bag to hold his basketball in and it fits just perfectly even with extra room
B005LCE58A My son loved it! This duffel bag was a present to my son for Christmas.  He goes to the gym 4-5 days/week right after work and really needed a bag with appropriate storage for his work attire.  He told me that he really loved the bag and uses it all the time!
B005LCE58A great, classic gym bag got this as a gift for my husband who has used and so far loves his new gym bag. good quality and great look!
B005LCE58A Good workout bag Well constructed, good size! My husband did wish there was another inside pocket to hold extra socks and such items.
B005LCE58A A good product but shop around for a better price. The product meets my expectations of a GYM bag in terms of functionality. The material is what you would expect of a bag in this price range. I will have to wait to see how long it lasts.The item was dispatched quickly and I got it within 2 days. However a big heads up for people purchasing from the seller Charlene Products - The price of this bag is almost 25% more than what you would pay competitively. Please look around for other shops or retailers selling this item and save yourself some $$
B005LCE58A Great gym bag! My guy loves his gym bag...had the same one for many years. I was worried to buy him a new one but it was falling APART! Haha. This is the perfect size gym bag and very nice at that. Great price and shipping. Love it!
B005LCE58A Good bag This is a good bag.  A little smaller than I thought but it is well designed and the zippers work very well.
B005LCE58A Great gym bag at great price! Don't normally write reviews only when I'm excited about the product and this is the case: super lightweight, functional and cool looking for both genders!
B005LCE58A Just what I was looking for! I wanted to purchase a nice quality gym bag for my husband that wasn't too big. This bag is the perfect size! And it looks great too!
B005LCE58A Nice really like the shoe section inside this bag. And it's really strong. So far I like everything about this bag.
B005LCE58A great bag I use this bag to go to the gym. It's plenty sturdy enough and I like the special section for wet clothes. Everything else stays dry. I can fit a pair of sneaks, cloths, big towel with room to spare.I recommend it.
B005LCE58A It is ok This bag is ok for me but when was I took it from the packaging I found that bag was dirty.
B005LCE58A Very nice Great size for a gym bag, plenty of room for items inside, seems to be very durable, very pleased with purchase.
B005LCE58A PUMA gym bag Perfect bag for man or woman wanting a normal size gym bag that looks really good and that fits everything you need without carrying a hug bag.
B005LCE58A gym bag The bag could use more pockets perhaps one to hold a water bottle or something like that.  It's an okay bag.
B005LCE58A cool Cool bag great for the gym it looks  Very neat. People won't be disappointed.  No  you will not.I said. Noo
B005LCE58A Great gym bag The size of this bag is great; not too big, not too smallI am not sure why it is classified as men's, I am a woman and I find it very practical.It had a separate &#34;tunnel&#34; for shoes, and / or wet stuff, and another zipped pocket for safeguarding clean clothes, brush, etcThe zippers are sturdy, and the handles comfortable.
B005LCE58A Great Bag Love the shoe bag and great size for all around gym needs. Would definitely recommend this  bag to a friend.
B005LCE58A Great Size Gym Bag I really like this bag.  I had a different one previously, but it was big and clunky, so I found this bag in searching for an alternative.  It seems well made, the zipper pulls are large (and in turn simple to grab).  I don't use the shoulder strap, but using it as a duffel bag works just fine.  It has one small pocket on the inside (for keys, phone, etc.).  It has a pocket meant for shoes on one side of it - it works great for that purpose, but if you don't carry a second pair of footwear, then the extent to which that pocket extends into the middle, big pocket, might get annoying.Overall, even though the bag isn't the cheapest out there, I think it's completely worth it.
B005LCE58A Great gym bag! I take this puppy to work every day and it's the perfect size for my shoes, workout clothes & towel, and a lunch cooler. One of my favorite things about it is the ease of the zipper. You can actually unzip it with one hand instead of having to hold it down with one and unzip with the other. Not sure why but for some reason that has made me very happy. I got the blue color and it's pretty shard. Not too thick but it looks to be stitched pretty well so from what I can see it looks like it'll hold up well. Overall I'm very happy with the purchase and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a medium sized gym bag.
B005LCE58A great bag i like this bag. i might have loved it except for one pocket that is on one end. it extends throughout the entire bag like a garbage bag in a can. i fail to see how this could be useful, but honestly it is a quality product worth the money.
B005LCE58A Handy and Durable The PUMA 20 Inch Duffel Bag is perfect for the gym. The quality is exceptional and each pocket, especially the one separating shoes from the rest of your stuff, is located conveniently and is easily accessible. The color of the fabric and the details, such as stitching and sipper tags, add to the quality feel of the bag. I've been using this product for a while and can say that it is very durable.Pros:- Lightweight, durable- Separate compartment for shoes- Quality materialsCons:- None
B005LCE58A Great overall bag The bag is actually much bigger than it looks in the picture but still a manageable size for any gym locker.  The bag itself feels good and is pretty roomy on the inside.  The shoe compartment is very practical and large enough to fit big shoes.  However, I'm giving it 4 stars because the bag had a few small stains that I hope will come out in the wash (I ordered it in yellow).A few ratings said that the material feels cheap but I don't find that is the case.  The bag feels durable, lightweight and has a nice shoulder pad for carrying heavier equipment.  I'd definitely recommend this for someone looking for a versatile gym bag.
B005LCE58A NIce gymbag This is the bag I have been looking for. Well-sized for my locker, a pretty color, seems durable, with a nice padded strap.Strange that it shows up as a &#34;men's&#34; bag, not sure why it has that classification, but I like it.
B005LCE58A great gym bag Good quality and exactly what I wanted. The information about this bag is perfect. I would only recommend it for those who only use it for going to the gym.
B005LCE58A It is kind of small The bag itself is very nice, however, i did not realize how small it would be. I wanted it for as a gym bag. I can only fit, the basic gym gear, shorts, shirt, shower shoes, a minibag filled with some toilet trees. It fits in the gym locker just fine but I would go with a bigger bag-the large one is probably best.
B005LCE58A YESSIR!!! This is exactly what I expected. A great bag that is being used daily. Could not ask for anything better.
B005LCE58A Does the job, great value. Good quality, nice size for a small gym bag. Shoe compartment is nice. An effective bag at a great price point.
B005LCE58A Exactly what I needed. I had been carrying my gym clothes in a duffel bag but I needed something more constructed. This bag is great because it is easy to carry with a wide shoulder strap. There is a separate shoe compartment on one end and another small pocket on the other. I carry sneakers, flip flops, water bottle and workout clothes with no problem. If there was one thing I would like it would be a waterproof pocket for wet swimsuits.
B005LCE58A Excellent for the gym This bag is excellent for gym use. It has an inside pocket to put the wallet, keys, etc; 1 side pocket to put wet things and shoes so the won't damage your cloths in the principal space; another side pocket to put anything you want like your bath things, protein, gloves, etc and the principal medium pocket to put your clothes and everything you want. A lot of space and great material and beautifulHighly recommended for quality and price.
B005LCE58A Great Bag so far! The bag has been great for the gym so far, and as mentioned by previous reviewers, the slot for the shoes is really awesome.  The only downfall is the bag is not quite as large as I had hoped, but still gets the job done for me.  I primarily only use this bag for the gym in the colder months, as I have thicker and more layered clothing.  I look forward to this lasting me through the next few winters and colder Falls.  Great job PUMA!
B005LCE58A Great bag for a great price. Bag construction is excellent. All zippers have large rubber dongles making them easy to grab. Middle pocket is the perfect size for a change of clothes or two. Shoe pocket is great; keeps shoes and cloths separate. The other side pocket is the perfect size for deodorant, hair gel, razor, etc.
B005LCE58A Imperfections We liked the bag overall and decided to put it to use right away although it did come with some imperfections - there is a coating on the inside of the bag that had imperfections which ended up being visable on the outside (looked like dark spots on the orange fabric). Had I not needed it, would have returned it and certainly wouldn't have bought it that way from the store.
B005LCE58A more spacious than it looks! I'll admit when I received the bag I was a bit disappointed. It seemed smaller than pictured and I thought it wasn't going to fit my needs. I've been using it for a few weeks now and I've completely changed my mind!The quality of the material is no different from any other gym bag. It seems to be strong and well made. It has got great space as well. I was able to fit a change of clothes (t-shirt, jeans, underwear, bra, and socks), a good-sized towel, 2 sets of shoes (street shoes and shower flip-flops) in the shoe compartment, shampoo, conditioner, soap, makeup, jewelry, ipod with headphones, wallet, water bottle, keys, and deodorant with plenty of room to spare! Great if you plan on going in the mornings and want to go straight from the gym to work/whatever you have planned for the day.
B005LCE58A Great Gym bag Have been using it for 6 months now after my other gym bag ripped.  Has held up well to daily use and has multiple pockets so I can keep my key's/wallet seperate as well as my gym shoes seperate from the clothes.  My only issue is one of the zipper pulls (not the zipper but the pull attached to the zipper) broke.  Luckily there are two zippers on the main opening, so hasn't been an issue and i could easily attache a different pull.
B005LCE58A Great gym bag This is a great looking and functional gym bag.  The shoulder strap is very comfortable and I like the separate storage pocket for your shoes.
B005LCE58A Pretty great bag This bag is just the size I needed it to be. It has held up well during the time I've had it, but one of the side pockets has a small hole near the bottom which could cause me to potentially lose things in it. Overall satisfied, though.
B005LCE58A Perfect for the gym! I purchased this bag once I started going to the gym. I needed something large enough to fit towels and work clothes, but small enough to fit into a somewhat tiny gym locker. This bag is the perfect size and fits everything I need!
B005LCE58A Great bag I went on vacation and it fit my clothes, shoes, makeup bag, etc. it's not too big but it's not too small. I can see what everyone else likes about it.
B005LCE58A Good size This bag seems very durable and is the perfect size for fitting the average person's need for the gym.ads isdfbu hew
B005LCE58A Not bad for the money! The duffel bag is definitely on the smaller scale. By the time I place everything needed inside the bag, I can barely close the zipper. A dedicated shoe pocket is nice, but I already noticed a slight tear at the stitching after less than a month of use. Overall, it is nod bad and looks quite nice, but the size would need to be a bit larger.
B005LCE58A Gym bag life I compete in fitness shows so this bag gets use everyday. It's the perfect size, not too small, not to big. Gets the job done!
B005LCE58A Highly recommend This bag is a great quality bag. Many compartments for everything you would need to carry with you to a gym, or overnight somewhere. Would be a great bag for kids going to sleepovers. Fits in a small gym locker easily. So many uses for this bag I bought 4!
B005LCE58A Great sturdy bag. I am a singer and I use this as my gig bag.  Fits my mics, chords and receiver perfectly.  I like the additional inner and side pockets.
B005LCE58A Love the shoe compartment I love this bag, perfect size, great compartments, especially the shoe/wet clothes compartment. The packaging came with what I consider two red headbands! Bonus!
B005LCE58A Great Christmas Gift For the son-in-law who has everything - this bag is terrific - added custom made t-shirts - made a great Christmas gift he loved.
B005LCE58A Great Bag This bag fits well around the shoulder, looks great, and fits everything you need at the gym. The separate pouch for shoes is great for, well, shoes. It's also useful to keep sweaty gym clothes separate from the rest of your gear after a work out. Great price, great bag.
B005LCE58A Very good item I bought this for my boyfriend and he loved it. The meterial it's made of looks solid and high quality. The thing he loves the most is that the bag as a separates pocket to put his shoes. I recommend it.
B005LCE58A Received defective bag In general the item is good (I mean the size and design was almost as expected). But there are the lot of visible spots on it and in inner side of the spots are damaged parts. It seems that bag is defective or somehow is used :(  Unfortunately currently I do not have any chance to return it. I'm very disappointed.
B005LCE58A Good PERIOD. Good....Good...Good. Small bag.. looking for this kind of bag since long. It holds 3 pairs of cloths. and you can keep you shoes as well ( or you can use it to keep used clothes as well ..good).
B005LCE58A Really good bag for the gym This bag serves it's purpose well.If I had to break it down though,Pros:&#8226; Extra space for keeping shoes (With tiny holes for ventilation)&#8226;Small pocket inside for storing a wallet, earphones etc&#8226; Large pocket on the side for extra storage.&#8226; LOTS of space even after keeping a change of clothes. I even keep my laptop in the bag, and it all still fits in well.&#8226; StylishCons:&#8226;Should have an extra space specifically for water like a lot of other gym bags do.
B005LCE58A It is a delicate piece The clothing used in making this bag is a really thin material with threads close to rexine which may tear off at any pointed items inside or any heavy load. Be choosy with the shoes you buy, because your bag may not be trusted with them in..
B005LCE58A Stylish This bag not only looks nice but it large enough to actually use! It has held up nice and hopefully will last me awhile.
B005LCEGM0 Big, but flimsy. The 24-inch bag is big enough to fit just about everything you could possibly want. Only downside is it is quite flimsy. Just wish it was more sturdy, at least the bottom. Other than that this product is great. I love the separate shoe compartment!
B005LCEGM0 Nice and spacious bag I bought this to carry stuff for my training. Its quite spacious and has a separate pocket to keep the shoes. It may even be good enough to carry for a short trip. I was expecting the fabric to be little siffer so that the bag can have its own shape; but its not. If you are not looking to carry large amount of stuff for gym or anything else, go for smaller sizes.
B005LCEGM0 Very happy with choosing this Puma bag. I can't be happier with my purchase of this bag. It fits everything I need for work & more. Sturdily built & on top of that it looks great. Very happy & will purchase another Puma bag when needed in the future.
B005LCEGM0 Stains on yellow portion of bag Well-made bag i bought as a gift for my fiancee to use at the gym.  It arrived with some staining on the yellow parts of the bag.  For the price i paid I would have preferred there to be no staining but the recipient still likes and will use this item.
B005LCEGM0 Met my expectations Product came with no defects, light, large, and easy to carry. This product met my expectations. I would recommend this bag.
B005LCEGM0 Solid bag Overall, a good gym bag. The only annoying thing is the shoulder strap pad can't be adjusted easily. That' really minor though
B005LCEGM0 Looks nice, but poor quality The bag looks nice, but the workmanship and quality of components is poor.  One of the zippers broke within 2 days.  The straps that you use to carry the bag over your shoulder comes unlatched at times.  The same strap does not have enough cushion to comfortably carry the bag.
B005LCEGM0 Perfect Gym Bag I love this gym bag!  There's a big shoe pocket on the side & the liner goes into body of the bag for more room for bigger shoes/boots.  There's another big pocket on the other side & a small zipper pocket on the inside.  Perfect gym bag for me!  So far it has been very durable and looks like it's going to last awhile.
B005LCEGM0 Puma Bag There is no support on the bottom of this bag, so the entire bag is flimsy.  If you use the sholder strap, expect to make it short due to the lack of support.
B005LCEGM0 bigger than expected I ordered this bag for my carry on bag. It's quite bigger than I expected. But it's very light which is good. Overall good bag
B005LCEGM0 worthwhile bag. like the color, the compartments are well-planned. nice material and the zippers are problem free. wish it had a long shoulder strap though. ...
B005LCEGM0 Just the right size I bought this bag to carry my camping tent, and ground cloth in. So far it's holding up fine. I'm going to,order another one
B005LCEGM0 Happy There is another pocket that the pictures do not show. And the bag is way bigger than it looks like in the picture which is good! There is so much space. I can put my 1 liter water bottle inside, a sweat towel, my protein shake, my protein bars and even some extra pair of gym clothes if I need! I will never have an excuse again to not go to the gym.
B005LCEGM0 Puma Gym Bag Purchased bag for gym use.  Very roomy.  Holds everything that I need for the gym and still enough space.  Very durable.
B005LCEGM0 It's in the bag! A well purchased bag that meets my every need.Of course being a Puma product means it is good quality.
B005LCEGM0 LOVE it! I REALLY like this bag! I'm in the Army and needed a bag that I could fit my gym clothes, running shoes, uniform, and boots in plus space for toiletries to shower at the gym. This bag fits all my needs- a big space to keep shoes separate, another side pouch for dirty clothes, and still enough space in the main compartment for everything else. I purchased the Personal Organizer toiletry bag from LL Bean in matching yellow and am BEYOND pleased with my purchases. I would suggest to any frequent gym-goer!
B005LCEGM0 Amazing I just bought this bag as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it! Great quality and design! Amazing!!!
B005LCEGM0 Not bad I got this after reading all the good reviews and also after needing a fairly big bag for going to the gym. Overall it does a pretty good job and holds up well. I actually took it on a trip to Cancun because of its size and it worked totally fine. The shoulder strap and handle are pretty strong. The bag( mine is red) looks pretty cool as well. My only issues with it is that there are not many pockets or compartments to store of hide smaller things except for just one in the middle of bag. Also, it can get a liitle flimsy sine there is no support on the bottom. Furthermore, the side pouch for your used or sweaty gym clothes is not water proof or resistant so one time after leaving some post basketball playing shirts in the side pouch overnight the moisture leeked through to the main compartment and made my dry, clean clothes in there kinda of moist and wettish. I thought it would have been better sealed. Lastly, I assume this usually happens after long uses but mine happened after just a few months, the shoulder strap is beginning to tear and will soon need to be replaced. However, overall not a bad and useful gym bag, if you get it for a good price it is a great purchase!
B005LCEGM0 Not Suitably Functional for the Money The fabric is remarkably thin, somewhat flimsy.  Like most gym bags, this one has no internal structure to keep it from sliding off a locker room bench.  The strap is too long and, while adjustable, the shoulder pad prevents it from being sufficiently shortened.  There's no real outside pockets for keys, wallets or cellphones.  There is one big outside pocket on the side of the bag but it's the height and width of the bag so putting small things in there will result in fishing around for them.  The only small picket suitable for ear buds, keys or wallets is located inside the bag, requiring you to open the entire bag in order to acces them.  This bag is probably made for $2.00 or less, with very little thought put into its design and utility by those looking for a real gym bag.  Puma just slapped their logo on it without being too concerned about quality.  I have it two stars instead of one because 1) it is, in fact, a bag that 2) you can put things in.
B005LCEGM0 Sport's Bag I loved it, This bag was good and exactly fit's my gym and sport's cloth's for my daily work out's.
B005LCEGM0 Nice Duffel I saw some not so nice reviews regarding this duffel, but took a chance a bought it anyway.  I have not been disappointed.  My son uses it to carry his cleats, which btw, has a shoe bag built in, and sports uniforms.  It has one inside pocket with a zipper that can be used for such things as gloves, sunscreen, etc.  It has another large side pocket with a zipper that is large enough to hold another pair of shoes, if needed.  Very pleased!
B005LCEGM0 Great bag! Good bag for the price. Ample space and simple good looks make it a great choice for a gym or overnight bag. The only complaint I have is that it doesn't keep it's shape very well... a small complaint, but the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.
B005LCEGM0 Just what I needed! This bag is awesome. I'm at the gym every morning before work so I need to fit all my stuff for getting ready in it.Items I fit in here today as an example:&#8226; Work clothes (and it&#8217;s winter right now so think jeans, cami, bulky sweater plus socks, underwear&#8230;)&#8226; A pair of knee-length leather boots&#8226; Tri-fold makeup bag&#8226; Hair dryer&#8226; Straightener&#8226; Travel box for my jewelry  (5x5x5)&#8226; In the little inside pocket I fit 2 iPods, headphones, gym pass and a couple other little things&#8226; In the side shoe pocket I fit 2 pairs of shoes at a time (I have done 3 at once but it&#8217;s not necessary for my routine): lifting shoes, running shoes, Spin/bike shoes and 5 pairs of ankle socks for the week&#8226; In the side vented pocked I fit hair spray, mousse, shower bag (soap, razor, flip flops).Wow, writing that all out looks ridiculous! I'm a great packer, though.Once I empty out the items I need for the workout and throw some other items on the locker shelf, I hang this bag on the door hook by the shoulder strap and the locker closes without any problem.It&#8217;s sturdy, compartmental, and easy to hold either by the shoulder strap or by the handles. I have no complaints and would recommend this bag (and purchase it again in a heartbeat).
B005LCEGM0 Great bag with a few compartments I was needing a replacement for my gym bag and this one is a good size and I really value the end compartments, as well as a small zippered pocket on the inside. I use this everyday, so only time will tell if it will be more durable than my previous bag, which was much less expensive and only lasted a couple of years.
B005LCEGM0 Great product. I use this bag every day the side pockets are hugee and the main compartment also has a little hanging compartment, very spacious. The shoulder strap is extremely comfortable. There is also straps if you want to carry it like a bag. I take this bag to the gym to work on trips. It is durable and stays clean through multiple spills. Shipped fast.
B005LCEGM0 It's a gym bag Good size for hauling stuff back and forth to the gym.The side pockets seem to expand for what seems to be the entire length of the bag.
B005LCEGM0 Great idea! Its a bad.  There's few opportunities to get really excited over a bag, but the selling point for me was the separate pouch for shoes you get to from the front (vs. inside with all of your clothes).  No more worrying about getting dirt from the shoes all over the inside of the bag!
B005LCEGM0 Great size and cool features! Bag has a good feel and is a great size. I bring my work clothes and needed something I could fit multiple changes of clothes into.Also, has an extended side pocket to fit shoes. This keeps shoes separated from the rest of the bag. Awesome feature for when you have a muddy shoe, or a stinky gym shoe.
B005LCEGM0 Better than expected I don't often write reviews, but I highly recommend this bag. It's super roomy and sturdy and nice-looking with a very reasonable price tag. You won't regret to get this bag.
B005LCEGM0 Nice! Great bag no complaints. Served its purpose. Would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone who wants a good sturdy Duffel bag and loves Puma as much as I do!
B005LCEGM0 Love the product.. But So when it arrived I immediately noticed an oil like stain on the top of the bag itself.. There is several of them actually. Little splot marks basically.. The bag itself is really cool looking And the stains arent super apparent so I will keep it, plus I need to use it asap.Kinda peeved that it was stained, but whatever..
B005LCEGM0 Thank You Very good thanks i like this  thank You for this one ! Im happy with my puma bag ! ,
B005LCENDC great bag! i love puma stuff, the Men's Teamsport Formation 28 Inch Duffel Bag, Black, One Size by puma is a reliable, great quality and construction bag, its bigger than i expected. always pleased with puma products
B005LCENDC The right size for taking clothing and gear to the gym. I initially purchased the smaller bag for my son not realizing the previous bag I had bought him was the 28 inch. He now has two bags!
B005LCENDC Awesome! Very light weight. Very big. Would fit a couple of human size zombies. I used this as a carry on to lug a ton of clothes on a trip. This bag does magic when fitting into the carry on space.
B005LCENDC very Nice!! this is not a GYM bag, It's not a handbag for traver light, 28&#34; is quite large and you can load it pretty!!
B005LCENV4 Stylish and cheap but really small I bought it and didn't listen to one of the comments made here about this bag, it's a really small bag, couple of tennis shoes, shorts and little else will fit and it's not easy to carry around unless you use both straps and it's quite uncomfortable, but all in all it's a nice bag for its price.
B005LCENV4 Very strong and the perfect size This is a very well made bag. The string straps are thick, about twice as think as my last bag. It's also a little bigger which is perfect for fitting my shoes as well as all my other belongings. There is an inner zipper pouch perfect for a cell phone or wallet that you don't want to get mixed with your sports gear. The material of the bag itself is of high quality. My last bag ripped on the seam, this one I can't ever see a chance of breaking. Would recommend!
B005LCENV4 Great Bag This bag was a Christmas gift for my son.  He uses it for gym clothes and sometimes even books.  It is well made and is sturdy enough to hold a book or too without over filling it.  He loves it.
B005LCENV4 my son likes it. Bought it for my son as a gym bag so far he likes it. He's a very picky person so if he likes it that's good enough for me.
B005LCENV4 Its ok ITs a light bag, I end up not using it preferring the usual backpack with better grip and pockets.It really needs better grip
B005LCENV4 it's pretty basic, don't get excited. Needed a cheap bag for the gym and can't complain with the price. Not sure how it will do for longevity, but for now it's doing what it needs to do!
B005LCENV4 Does the trick I got 2 of these bags because I loved how the straps looked in the pictures... it's been very hard to find gym bags like these that don't have the flimsy, cheap, rope-like straps & these appeared to be MUCH more sturdy & therefore comfortable!  Well, we most certainly did not receive the bags pictured on here.  The rest of the bag is the same & holds quite a bit of stuff, but the straps are most uncomfortable.  If you don't care about how the straps are, then you may like the bag.  The orange & red colors we received are as pictured, but we were not very happy campers with these......
B005LCENV4 Great bag Bought this bag as a gift for my husband he loves it very much and loves me even more for getting it for his gym stuff
B005LCENV4 Sturdy, large. I had to laugh when I read this was a &#34;men's&#34; bag in the description. As a woman, I can tell you it's just great for us too.This bag is good quality. I've had several of these type of gym shoe bags rip open. This one has been very sturdy so far, and it fits a lot. I use it to go to and from school. I don't keep a laptop in there, but it fits a couple of folders, a small tablet, a shirt, flip flops, and a stethoscope all at once. So it's pretty good. It doesn't ruin my clothing like my other, larger backpacks.
B005LCENV4 false advertising This bag does NOT come with thick straps. It has the rope ones like most other bags. We even replaced the bag hoping it was an error. Both went back.
B005LCENV4 Good bag Bag is heavy duty material and zipper pocket. Seems to be able to be used for long time without breaking apart or tearing.
B005LCENV4 It works I've been using this bag for about a month now, and overall it's a pretty nice bag. It's not too big, but that makes it convenient for things like short trips to the gym or to play basketball. If you want to run with the bag, you can also just cross the straps over your chest, and it'll make running feel pretty easy. My one complaint would be that after a while, the straps started to feel a little bit loose, so the bag doesn't really stay on your shoulders too well if there's nothing in it to weigh it down.Still, it's a good price for a good bag! c:
B005LCENV4 really an amazing product I've had this bag for 11 months -- and started using it daily almost as soon as I got it. I am amazed that this thin light bag has still not fallen to pieces given all the abuse I've handed out to it. I routinely carry my 15&#34; mac laptop in it, along with some other things -- a few books and papers, etc. It has started to show a few signs of wear -- some very small holes I can see -- but is holding together strong.I never expected this kind of bag would be able to carry laptops and books without breaking. It still looks pretty much new. Also, I have been very happy with the interface for the bag -- very easy to take it off my back to add things to it. The zipper pocket is perfect for storing things, and not accessible when on your back. I have taken this on numerous flights, to work and back every day, sometimes to the gym, just tons of use and it's still working for me. Very happy with the product!
B005LCENV4 Super cute and comfy Big enough to hold what you need for the gym!  If I change at home, I'll bring this bag with me.  Fits my house & car keys, towel, water bottle, my ready-to-go protein shake, etc etc.  Straps are thicker than normal which makes it more comfortable to wear on your bare shoulders.I also love the sporty pink color :)
B005LCENV4 Puma Gym Bag I had an issue with the delivery, but fortunately they fixed it and sent me a new one (priority mail), it looks good and is perfect to use to go to the gym. Love the small inside pocket you can put your wallet and keys. As a Puma fan I highly recommend this product.
B005LCENV4 Great looking bag I love this bag. It's just the right size for the gym. I had just barely gotten a new pair of Pumas so I had to get the bag to go along with it! It fits just the right amount of stuff essential for the GYM. A must have :)
B005LCENV4 sweet bag for the price nice name brand bag for the price! seems to be made for a durable quality use for is daily and its holding up....fast shipping to California A++
B005LCENV4 Great bag, but broke in 2 seconds.... This bag is a nice size- it holds a lot, but it's not bulky. I bought this for hiking and gym use. I wish there were pockets on the outside for things like a phone, keys, chapstick. There's an inside zippered pocket that works for this purpose, but when I'm hiking I like to have easy access to my chapstick! When using at the gym, I can fit my shoes, water botttle and a sweatshirt. Nice!The problem with this bag (which is a big problem) was that one of the straps broke immediately. I took it to the gym once, and when I was putting it on to leave I noticed that one of the straps had come completely detached. I don't know if it was just a defective product or if it was damaged by the original sellers (ShoeMall). The seller is replacing it...I think? But from now on I'll stick to Amazon.
B005LCENV4 Great looking sackpack! I gave the orange colored bag as a gift along with a matching orange Mikasa Goal Master to my nephew who loves playing soccer.The bag is made of a heavier material than your normal sackpack which is great.However, the bag I received came with thick rope straps not the nylon belt straps that you see in the pictures that Amazon provides.  Might just be a design update/change.Overall, a great bag!
B005LCENV4 Its great and sturdy id recommend this bag to anyone who reads this, Ive used it everyday for the past 2.5 months and it still shows no sign of wear. its very sturdy and it even fits my lenovo y500. the only problem(bonus?) was that instead of the flat straps shown, they use a 1/3 inch thick cord. It even has  pocket with a zipper thats great for storing earbuds change gum and many assorted trinkets. I love everything about this bag. Puma also makes great shoes.
B005LCENV4 Great bag i recommend This bag shipped fast. I use it as a backpack so theres tones i heavy stuff in it an i do gotta say its still holding up mo rips no tears still looks new. These r heavy duty
B005LCENV4 Nice bag One of the better string packs I've bought for my son over the years. He uses it to carry books to classes between locker stops. This means the bag is usually holding at lest 2 or 3 school books plus notebooks, folders, etc.the bag is sturdy and so far is holding up well.
B005LCENV4 Perfect light bag I bought this to carry with me when i travel and i use this all the time. Despite its small size it still fits most things easily. I have used this to carry groceries, water bottles, and sometime a change of clothes.  The bag is super light and fold very small. This bag has a small zippered compartment which is use to carry my room key or can fit a passport. I am very happy with my purchase.
B005LCENV4 Great sports bag! I ordered this for my son and he loves it!  It was exactly what he was looking for.  I'm happy with the quick delivery and the price!
B005LCENV4 fine but very small This is really a shoe bag. It's fine, but no way you could use it for all your gym stuff.
B005LCENV4 Nice Bag, Good Straps, Attractive Design This is a nice bag for tossing gym clothes in for my 13-year-old son. He really doesn't care about what his gym bag looks like but the one we had last year (a real cheapie) didn't hold up very well and the straps kept popping out of the grommets. This bag is a nice size, has good straps for easy carrying and solid seams.
B005LCENV4 Works well I use it when I go on moderate hiking trails. The bag itself is lightweight, so it's good to know that I'm not lugging unnecessary weight on my back. Holds a decent amount of stuff too.
B005LCENV4 Perfect bag for the money This bag is very durable and very well made.  I carry it everyday to work.  I recommend this purchase and this manufacturer.
B005LCENV4 Five star That's so good, the great thing. You need buy one Puma's sport bag. I'm so happy with my purchase. I wanna buy a lot of this.
B005LCENV4 Poorly Constructed The straps broke a month after I purchased this bag.  Too late for a return but now the bag is useless.
B005LCENV4 Great gym bag! Straps not as advertised though. Great gym bag! Looks nice! I've already gotten a few compliments on it. The material feels strong and sturdy. I don't think it will be falling apart anytime soon. It's also really big! The straps are not as shown in the picture though, which is why I didn't give it 5 stars. I got the string kind of straps. They're not bad though, they're still really strong, they're just not the 1&#34; wide straps as shown. A few people here have been complaining about this and some seem to think it has to do with the color. I got the black bag and mine came with strings, if that helps, but I think it's just hit or miss really. It's still a great bag. I would recommend it to my friends.
B005LCENV4 Nice little bag Bought the red version of this bag to replace a similar style bag we had that was of much cheaper quality. This one is really nice if you know what to expect. It is not a very large bag, but can be a perfect size to fit a pair of sneakers and few small other things can go into it. It's perfect for a small gym bag,  for going to the basketball courts, or even for the beach (if you do not have a lot of stuff). Nice versatile bag. It has a small zipper pocket inside to keep small items like keys or a wallet from getting lost at the bottom of the bag. Very satisfied with my purchase.
B005LCENV4 Puma transport gym bag wow!  it is a great bag!  strong, sturdy and very nice looking!  I highly recommend getting this if you need one!
B005LCENV4 Exactly what I was looking for. This bag is made of very durable material. I often stuff it pretty full, and the zippered pouch at the mouth is big enough for me to throw my cell phone, keys, and overstuffed single fold wallet so they don't get lost at the bottom. The drawstrings make it a good substitute for a yoga mat bag as well.
B005LCENV4 very nice bag I bought this bag as a gift and was please with how well made it was. The size is just right for an overnight trip or a trip to the gym.
B005LCENV4 I hoped for a little better string began freying the first week of use. wish the strings were a little denser.  The pocket inside the bag is very handy
B005LCENV4 Very nice bag. I bought several and they are perfect ... Very nice bag.  I bought several and they are perfect for the gym.
B005LCENV4 a gift for my brother my brother brings his gym stuff in a plastic supermarket bag that was bumming me out so i bought him this bag and now he looks nifty and it put a bounce on his step very large thick straps very comfortable around the shoulders
B005LCENV4 drawstring backpack Great bag, has inside zippered pocket which is perfect for cell phone. Had suitable areas on front of bag to personalize.
B005LCENV4 gym bag This is the perfect size for my son to carry a weeks worth of gym shorts and shirts to school.
B005LCENV4 The bag is great, why Amazon charges more than the suggested retail on the packaging is a mystery The retail price is $12.99, says so right on the packaging so how Amazon charges from $13.14 up to $16.99 depending on color is beyond me. The bag is great quality and my straps are nylon like the picture shows not rope like some had received. I can fit running shoes, towel, change of clothes, water bottle, a book, my purse and a snack in here very comfortably. NIcely made, not cheap.
B005LCENV4 Green Not Turquoise I love the bag, needed a good string bag for gym/beach etc.  I loved the product picture, exactly the color I wanted, a turquoise or teal look but when I received the bag, nicely wrapped great condition, it was GREEN, KELLY GREEN.  I like green, its a good color but I am very sad that it is not what I thought I was ordering.  Pictures can be deceiving, the green is not as pretty as it looks here :(
B005LCENV4 Helpful bag I use this bag for going to the gym to work out and it is very useful.  I can fit in shoes, shorts, shirt, water bottle, and other small items pretty well in this.  This has an extra pouch to place cell phone and wallet in.  It works great!  Would buy again.
B005S0QEXE Wrong size I ordered size 8, but arrived #6 inside a #8 bag. Didn't expect great brands could make big mistakes. Lost Money!!!
B0065G775Y Like Not bad. I actually thought it would have been a bit smaller but since I see it is actually a very large bag, it's totally worth the price.
B006O6CQCY Puma Ferrari LS Shopper (Red) Very nice bag.Its bigger than the actual picture. The leather is soft and supple.you can use it as a normal bag or as a laptop bag.great purchase
B006O6CWBE Nice, spacious bag I purchased this bag mainly for golf, gym days, race days, and random days when I need extra storage when hanging with my niece and nephew.  This bag is the perfect size. Not too large and not too small. On race day, I had quite a few items in it, but it never felt heavy or overstuffed. The weight distributes evenly on my back as well. I'm very pleased.
B006O6CXMC ferrari hand bag Well I have not used it yet though the purse itself looks nice and has plenty of spaces to put all your items in.  Can't wait to use it.
B006VYXJBQ Hot Golf Shoe Fit great and look awesome. I am very happy with my purchase. They came with a bag to keep them in too.  A little pricey, but with good care I will have them for a long time.
B0070R9X2M Sturdy bag The outside is pretty water proof too, my paper bag on the inside survived a quick jog through the rain. There are 2 zipper pockets, one on the outside and one hidden inside, very useful for loose $ and cards.
B0070R9X2M Great bag for the price Note that the gray puma is actually black.Other than that, it's a great bag. For $6-7, you really can't beat this bag, given that most comparable bags by Nike, etc are well over $15. The strings are thick and durable, and the connection points from the strings to the bag seem like they will last a long time.  Would definitely buy again.
B0070R9X2M Gym Smart I purchased this gym bag for the early morning, fast workout for the day.  All of the essential equipment (shoes, towel, etc.) fits nicely and the two zippered pouches help to keep everything organized and ready at hand.  The appearance is great and gives this old man a bit of dash at the fitness center.
B0070R9X2M Sharp looking basic athletic bag The gray logo on the bag is actually black...which makes it looking nicer. My son is on the swim team & this is his designated swimming bag. It's roomy enough to hold all his stuff and the extra pockets are perfect for his Rx goggles, brush, wallet, etc.
B0070R9X2M Great for moderate stuff :) I use it as a book bag for school, and I carry my books, folders, notebooks etc in it, and well, it's just great. I needed a new book bag for awhile now, and this one caught my eye. I have puma shoes so I might as well match it with my book bag. Great fit, great buy. :)
B0070R9X2M This bag is great. I had been using a free drawstring bag to go to the gym for years.  I decided it was time to upgrade, and this was a great choice.  Plenty of room for a pair of shower flip flops, a bottle of gatorade, and a zippered inner pouch to hold keys and phones.  Sleek looking too, Highly recommend it.
B0071BW9KK I loved it!! A little shinier than i expected but it fits great and looks great! Comes with a puma bag and box. def reccomend this to everyone!
B00729PH1Y Kids luxury bag Kids will love it. My son hold it everywhere. The bag still in an excellent condition. Even after 3 years.
B0073J7FK4 GREAT The bag is ok!! I like it..I justthink its a bit tooo lone...But it has a lot of comparyments and it can be used as a weekender bag as well
B0073J7FK4 Awesome Love the bag! I love the design and I'm a big fan of Puma products.I use it to go to gym and for light travel. I def recommend this bag =)
B0073J7FK4 Great gym/weekend/carry-on bag I was in need of a gym bag that was roomy enough to carry all my stuff, but not too wild since I work out in my office complex and wanted something that looked a bit professional. A big feature I wanted was a separate compartment for my gym shoes and this bag does have it, in a zippered compartment at the base of the bag. It fits my travel hair dryer, makeup/shower totes, flat iron, and a change of clothes, but there is just enough room for one towel (I like to use two so I have one for my hair). There are 3 mesh compartments inside on one side, and a large zipper compartment on the other with a key lanyard. There is also a great small outside zipper pocket that could fit a cell phone, keys, small wallet, etc. The arm handles are a little shorter than I like, but there is an adjustable shoulder strap that can be used as well. Puma sells this bag in other colors now, but Amazon is the only place I could find that has the black/silver one at the regular price. This bag would also make a great weekend trip bag or as a carry-on bag for flights.
B0073J7G9Y great bag awesome bag, I use it every day at the gym:)nice size and color:-) separete compartment for my gym shoes very handy as well:-)
B0073J7GV2 Nice, small bag 1 main pocket, one small inside pocket (big enough for wallet and keys) and one side opening with collapsible interior pocket.  Works great for a trip to the gym.
B0073J7GV2 Great bag! I bought this to take to the gym. For me it's the perfect size. So far it has held up well and I think it looks fantastic!
B0073J7VFS Great Product! Got here very quickly! The pockets may not be great for drinks, but all you need is a caribeaner and you'll be fine to latch it on. Great design too! While having fewer pockets than my last bag (A military grade bag), it still manages to store everything I used to carry around just fine. As an engineering student I carry my laptop to school along with multiple books and binders, and it stores it all safely and still manages to put minimal strain on my back, which is crucial seeing I'm constantly running around with it. It even withstood a car accident recently, and everything was perfectly intact! Would recommend it to anyone who was looking for an affordable bag for everyday use.
B0073J7VLC Good buy I had a brown puma bag for about seven year previously to buying this one. So far, the new one has been excellent. It looks great, has a lot of space, and is comfortable to wear. Very stylish and functional.
B0073JMIMO Straight up purple I loved the design, wanted the bag so bad, but then it came, I had to check the amazon site again to read the description, it says burgundy for color, well burgundy must be french for purple, I mean like grape soda. I wanted it to be more brown. There was no way I could roll out of the house with a purple bag, just not my vibe.
B0073JMIMO Nice Bag I like this bag cause i can use it for travel, office or the gym, but would have been nice to have a outside pocket with zipper.Recommend
B0073JMK04 I love bags This bag is the perfect purchase I call it my do all bag. Beach,gym,rehearsals you name it, this bag is the right choice. It is washable and you don't have to worry about it fading or any of the sorts. I am very pleased with this bag.Thanks MuchAfi
B0073JOH7I Awesome bag I bought this bag 6 months ago! I was looking for a firm bag to carry my books or my uniform and I found the perfect one! The zippers and everything is still intact! I cannot believe that after 6 months this bag still looks brand new, usually the bags that I use to go to work and school do not last more than 2-3 months because I am carrying heavy stuff all the time, (even though I sometimes have space problems I wish I could find this bag in a bigger size)! However, I really recommend  this bag!
B0073JP1H8 Beautiful bag I am a purse and bag maniac. So far I have not seen this bag in stores. I have received many compliments because it is different. Amazon sells this bag in black as we'll but I myself prefer the white.
B0073JP1H8 Read reviews carefully I was looking for a gym bag to replace the puma one I currently have. I go to the gym at lunch And sometimes after work so I need a big enough bag to hold my running shoes and a towel and my toiletries. I thought this bag was that bag. I was wrong. It is closer to a handbag. However the quality is excellent, there are many compartments fir your phone, ipod and other stuff but I  will still use it when I don't need to carry a change of clothes. But I still need to find a gym bag big enough for my everyday use.
B007IWKBK2 Nice texture They are really leather, beautiful colour and so comfortable.Shoelaces are too long.I like the bag they come in.
B007MAYD2C Great Shoe Very appropriate for school, but still have a girly shimmer. Well made, prompt delivery. Cute Puma tote bag (small) came with my shoes.
B007MAYD2C great pair of shoes comes with neat red storage bag My 7 year old loves her new pair of puma sneaker. It is light, comfortable and color is exactly the same as shown on the website. Shipping is super fast and we love the little red bag that comes with the shoe to use for storage.
B007PYJMEO Satisfied I love the look and durability of this bag but it gets awfully heavy when you actually put things in it (haha). Overall, I'm satisfied.
B007PYJMEO Love It I soooooooo LOVE this bag. I just a new job and this bag came in handy for everything. This bag is popping!!!
B007PYJMEO Excellent sports bag I read the product name not the details.  The bag is gorgeous but I wouldn't call it a handbag ... its much too big, its more like a sports bag.  Recommend checking the specs before purchasing
B007PYJMEO Great Bag. Wow.. What a bag! It is true what other have said. It is really really big bag. Most likely a carry on bag for vacation or road trip. Even though it is roomy, it has space for your laptop,ipad,cell phone and etc. It also has other compartments where you would be able to store lotion, make up, anything you need for your day. So overall it is a bag where you can store a bunch of stuff and keep it moving.
B007PYJMEO Love this BAG! The bag came in much earlier than they told me! Shipping was fast. Nicely packaged. It is a little bigger than I thought but it fits everything!! They need this bag in PINK!!! I love it!
B007PYJRK8 camo bag I LOVE THIS BAG!! The only thing that would make it better is a lighter color lining. And more pockets.
B0080BMP2M Great Quality Love this bag. Bought it as a diaper bag to avoid carrying the feminine alternatives that are out there. There is an internal pocket not pictured online. Its perfect for smaller items like hand sanitizer you dont want falling to the bottom of the bag. Go PUMA!
B008A77TYK They Fit They look good and fit true to their size. They are also very comfortable. Would buy them again! They also came in an eco friendly red puma bag!
B008AV47T6 Simple and nice Just needed a simple bag to carry my tae Kwon Do gear. Perfect for it.  This is a basic bag but that is what I was looking for.
B008AV47T6 Jamaica Style. This bag is a awesome everyday bag and allow me to pack what I need.  The seperate shoe compartment is used and needed for my activity daily.
B008AXTOQ0 Great look I like the feel of this shoe. Has great support. An extra bonus is the bright orange bag these shoes come in. Can use the bag to carried gym stuff in.
B008AXTOQ0 PERFECT Very comfortable, flexible than other Pumas. will def. order another color same style. The item came in a nice bag that could be also used. awesome
B008CVHKYS Go Puma! I purchased the first Puma bag in Cancun about 3 years ago in Ferrari red.  Not only is the material supple but the interior of the bag is well compartmentalized and it can hold an office filing cabinet.  Well made with superior stitching.  This time I purchase the black and ANOTHER red so that I do not run out.  Tons and tons of compliments. More than when I wear Burberry or any other upscale designer bag.
B008VV1KZE great fit The came on time, fits her foot great and she loves the colors. She even love the little bag they came in.
B009FD2LM8 awesome Love my pumas!!!! most comfortable shoes i have ever owned!!  Definitely worth every penny, and a nice little carrying bag is a plus
B009FZRJGO Just WHAT I NEEDED!!!!!!! I love PUMA products!!!! And buying this bag is perfect for my collection. I'll carry it on a causal day or when I'm out on the town. soft and extremely fashionable! LLLLLLOOOVVVEEEE IT!
B009SD2936 Beautiful shoes! I always love Puma's shoes and this one is the same old good! The package of the shoes is great, it comes with a red so called &#34; Clever Little Bag&#34;, it's recyclable material I assume and this little bag can save 65% of the shoe box paper using. I love the way Puma cares about the environment and the bag looks fashion and cool. The shoes themselves are great and fit me well as always. It looks relax and chill. The color is really nice too. The only tiny issue I have is, one of the shoes(right) has a little dirt on the fiber part near the shoelace holes, it's not glue but oil like stuff, it doesn't bother me too much cos the color of the dirt is light and blend to the shoe itself. Overall, I'm super happy with this purchase and thanks Amazon for the amazing packaging.
B00A298W4A Amazing. I got this last November during Cyber Monday deals. ($30)  I carry my whole life in this bag.  I highly recommend it.
B00A7H90D4 Just the right size Love the size of this bag for the gym.  Perfect size to tote my cell phone and Kindle.  I can even fit a water bottle in it.  If you need to bring shoes and gym clothes to change into, however, this bag would be too small.
B00AOCAP9A Super lightweight and comfortable. These fit true to size, a very lightweight (yay for my gym bag!) and feel great on my feet. Very breathable. I also love the vibrant colors.
B00AOCDNJ4 Beautiful color and comfortable They are winners! The color is gorgeous and they are really comfortable, I did not have any issues when I was working out. I have used them only once and so far so good. They also came in the smart bag which considerate and now I have a special bag for them.They fit true to size.
B00AYB3OUI Gift for my son's girlfriend The bag arrived after Christmas (slow boat) but it was a fine travel bag, well made that she enjoys taking to the gym. Quite stylish and reasonable size.
B00B1E4QSQ GREAT SHOES!! I was looking for a great workout shoe for weight training that could easily translate to cardio. These shoes are da'bomb!The fit is really great ~ lacing that allows for adjustments as needed. I am also happy with the curve up in the toe section which is supporting me in my stretches, keeping my calves elongated for my exercise.Besides, they look great! I have received compliments on the appearance and style every day I have worn them!The packaging is also fabulous ~ a shoe bag and partial box, so not so much waste and a handy carrying bag for my trip to the gym.
B00B1E4QSQ Run Small Not a lot of support, a little disappointing but cute style.  Love the shoe bag that came with it to carry them in and keep clean.
B00BFOX1E2 love love love this bag love love love this bag....I love puma!! I own a lot of puma...I was able to get this bag at the puma outlet for half the price shown here. this is a large bag. I use it for work and play yet get compliments all the time on this bag... very easy to clean...
B00BFOX1E2 this bag was a great idea a very big bag!!i knew it was gonna be big, yet i don't regret it!!looks gr8, easy to clean. Exactly like photoeasy to find things inside. inner zipeer very big - space to place wallet and other medium size stuff that you don't want to get lost deep in the bag. the horizontal shape is very smart, make it easy to find things inside
B00BFOX1E2 PUMA Freak review I LOVE Puma!  For real, you have no idea.  This bag is perfect to match everything...except the fact that its as large as a grocery bag.  This thing is gigantic.  It will be great for my carry on, but I won't be using it as a purse.
B00CE6P0H6 Not recommended I gave 2 star bcd the color of the bag is exactly the same as in the display. I bought the bag bcd of the color, but the quality of the bag is bad. I doubt if it is original puma or what.
B00CE6P7OW Great bag at a good price! I love it! Works fine for the past 3 or so months! Lots of compartments which is great for storing lots of stuff, and most importantly, it's able to handle the weight of any of the stuff I carry in it!
B00CE7FGWY Ok..Nice lightweight bag The bag was received very early in excellent condition. It's a good bag and very lightweight and holds about 4 medium size books and a tablet handily. A little smaller than expected but will work nicely for most outings. Great quality lightweight material and good finish.
B00CE7FGWY nice looking BMW advertising bag if you are BMW fan you should get this bag it so coolyour friends will notes that you got cool bageasy to wash,  good for rainy daysmy macbook pro13 retina fits very well and more space for my lunch and chargeruseful front pocket bog in of for more staffBMW fans GO FOR IT
B00CE7G9QG not big but not small love this bag, it is a great gym bag / overnight bag if you only need to pack a few items ( shirts/shorts or pants and a pair of shoes.
B00CE7G9QG Perfect gym bag This is the perfect gym bag. I love that it has a seperate compartment for your shoes that also has ventilation holes. It's not a huge bag and it fits my gym clothes shoes and essentials adequately. Perfect for small or compact lockers.
B00CE8R6BC What is the purpose of this bag? This bag is too small. It doesn't fit any laptop or an iPad. Will try if it can safely hold an iPad mini. I m confused about the purpose for what it is made for.
B00CJ5PG1C Solid bag, perfect for gym. This sack was large enough for clothes and size 11.5 shoes. Feels very durable, unlike some of those flimsy carry sack bags they give away at promotional events. Quality item from Puma, even has a separate inner pouch for my keys, wallet, phone, etc.
B00CJ5PG1C Great bag I wanted a bag to take to the gym that was big enough to accommodate all my stuff.  This bag more than does that and it looks great.
B00CJ5PG1C Nice Gym Bag I use this bag mainly as a gym bag.  It is a simple bag that has one outer pocket and one inner pocket.  It fits my gyms shoes nicely and the small inner pocket is perfect for my wallet and/or phone.  The straps are thicker than most bags of this style.
B00CJ5PIUG Great Bag... I absolutely LOVE this bag. It has plenty of room. I'd say... you can probably fit a basketball or so in it. I like the 2 zippered pockets and the 2 water bottle pockets. It's great for going to the beach, amusement parks, concerts, etc. It's very light weight and stylish. The only downfall is, the puma's too small. I'd like people to see it with no prob. But it's a GREAT bag. The grey on it is reflecting too. That's good for jogs and bike riding.
B00CKMJHJG LOOK COOL Look good and cool ,all my friends asked me about this bag,you can keep it all your items inside this bag it is big also you can used anywhere.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED A+++++++
B00I8X7ZQI Orange Puma Bag I love this bag. It is so roomy. It has lots of pockets to carry everything I need. It even has a spot for my Kindle.
B00I8XCE32 This bag is grey I just received this bag and was quite surprised when I opened the box to find a grey bag inside.  It is actually more practical as it  will stay clean much longer.  It is also quite small compared to my usual gym bags but I think it might help me cut back on all the stuff I carry around all the time, it has some really nice compartments inside for laptop  etc.
