B00007282M not worthy They're not very confortable. Not a lot of support for even walking one hour straight in. Probably wouldnt order them again. Wasn't impress with their shipping practice either.
B00007282M PERFECT I've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Las Vegas but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon.  They, of course, had it and i ordered it immediately.  It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove.
B0000749CN best cleat ever One of the best cleats i worn, i wish they would bring it back. I bought the white ones and the black ones as well.
B0000749CN great boots love these boots.  the tread design is well placed, and very functional.  the heel doesnt rub my ankle wrong.  i like the material as it allows for a good touch.
B0000749CN One good boot. The Shudoh Cellerator is a great shoe. It comes with two puma cell inserts, one for added comfort, one for added stability. These insoles slip right under the normal insole. They are great but the only problem is that the insoles make the boot tighter, so i would advise anyone who is buying these to buy a half size larger. They forgot to balance the sizing back out with the cells, but it is made up for in the rest of the shoe.
B00009PO44 Puma's Great cleat - like the old school look and feel.  I Coach my son's Soccer team and have no complaint's!
B00009PO44 The best cleats ever No cleat matches the good and classic Puma King. With less weight than the old ones and the same, cool stile, this cleats make playing on the pitch a great experience.You won't regret buying this cleats. Don't hesitate, just buy them.
B00009PO44 my new cleats Excellent for cleats.i have the adidas copa mundial.but the puma king is a better shoe with more stability with fast turns and long kicks
B00009PPHY Fit is GREAT Leather is Hard I love Puma boots and have been wearing them for years.  I usually buy kangaroo skin, but those only last me for a season or two (I play 3 times a week). So I thought I would try good old fashion leather.  The fit is still GREAT, no blisters at all.  But the leather is a bit hard and I can feel it with my touch.  I am sure it will get better over time and perhaps the hard leather will help these boots last more than 6-9 months for me!
B00009PPHY Love My Boots! I am looking at purchasing my third pair of these boots, I typically get two seasons because I drag my toes. I currently play in a dry climate with harder surfaces. I don't even bother looking at other brands because these conform so nicely to my feet, are very light and give me a great touch on the ball. I first purchased because I'm old school when soccer players wore black and these fit the bill, but to my surprise they were not only solid black but an absolutely comfortable fit. **I Love My Boots**
B0000DEHGM Free Shipping.....YEAH RIGHT!!!!!! Amazon advertised free shipping so I took the Bait. I will not use AMAZON again. I deal with liars all day at work. I do not need to deal with more over the computer.________Amazon's reasoning: The Item was not from their inventory. So What! I feel they should back their word up and pay the shipping costs! Can I get a Hell Yeah?
B00016LEZI Barely even there i gotta say, these are the best shoes i have ever been lucky enough to find. when i wear 'em it's almost like they're not there. they're still very comfortable but it's a very light shoe which is what i wanted. worth every penny, i say
B0001CYF26 surprisingly good (be forewarned that i'm reviewing this shoe from a runner's perspective)the owner of the shop i bought mine from warned me that they lacked cushioning.  i figured he was likely right because it reminded me of my experience with another puma model.  even so, i ran in them for about a block and walked around in them for about a half hour.  since i didn't get any indications of a problem, i bought them.  i'm glad i did, and the discount i got because of the shoe being a poor seller was a bonus.i weigh about 175 but am not exceedingly hard on shoes.  also, i land on my midfoot, so i really can't comment on how cushioned the heel is.  oh, and i'm a neutral pronator.i've found the shoe to be well-cushioned without feeling mushy, fairly light and responsive, and supportive enough to handle my slightly sloppy form at the end of a long run.when i've put more miles on them, i'll be able to comment on durability.
B0002MAPYC Puma Shirt Great Quality Product! Authentic and Great Colors! Shirt was larger than expected though. I ordered a Large and it was unnecessarily wide. I wish I would have knew or I would have ordered a Medium. So you might want to try a size smaller than you usually buy unless you are a wide person or have worn Puma Brand Shirts before. But it's definitely a nice shirt!
B0002MAPYC Quick APO shipping but not the color shown Great service and was quick arriving to our APO address.  The shirt is great just the colors are reverse of what we thought we bought!
B0002MQR6C New Review! I like this item B0002MQR6C very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
B0002ZCECU Cool looking spikes Haven't been able to use them yet.  I'll tell you next summer how they are.  Look great, though.
B000696WIO Great for the gym or for hanging out on a day off. These are attractive and well made track pants. Not made of flimsy parachute cloth, but rather from a higher quality tricot. The side seam pockets are deep enough to be functional. For the price, you won't do better.
B0006PR4XK excellent OK TIME ON DELIVERINGOK SIZENICE SHOESGREAT PRICESTHANKS GUYS
B0007TBAI0 Not as described( I purchased these socks because in a listing they were described as cotton, and cannot wear polyester socks- get rash and sweating, so they were like 70-80% cotton and 20% poly in the listing, but when they arrived they were 70-80% poly,20-30% cotton. I even ordered 2 packs, was totally disappointed  and had to return both packs. If you consider to purchase these keep in mind - they are poly not cotton. But the price was really good though...
B0009NIU5A comfy I love these Pumas. I have them in Oatmeal and Black.They are head turners.People ask me where I got them all the time.Very light weight and comfy.
B0009PBHP8 dissapointed I ORDER JUST THE SAME TENNIS WE CAN SEE IN THE PICTUREI RECEIVED SOMETHING DIFFERENT, WRONG SIZE, WRONG COLOR AND ANOTHERMODEL.I SEND THEM BACK BUT STILL WAINTING TO SEE THE REFUND IN MY CREDIT CARD.THE OTHER SHOES WERE OK AND I M USING THEM NOWTHANKS IN ADVANCED
B0009PQ8XO Excellent Service Love how easy it was to order, unfortunately I ordered the wrong size twice but had no problem returning purchases for credit.
B0009PUMBI Kids Soccer Shoe The product was exactly as described on the website- the size seems true to life and fit my son very well. It is holding up nicely on the soccer field so far!
B0009QCYRW Be careful Be carefull with these new style Kings. I had been wearing Puma Kings for over a decade, having bought at least 10 pairs of various styles. I always wore a size US9.5. A size 9.5 in these was too small, and by the time I realized it, it was too late to return them. So I started soaking them in water before wearing them to try to get them to stretch out some. After three games I could finally wear them without pain but the soles came unglued, and the shoes went in the trash can. Never had any issues with the old style.
B0009QGNZG Don't order from Champs Sports Shoes are great, but don't order from Champs Sport if you have any other option unless you don't mind receiving you item well after you need them. It takes at least a day before Amazon gives them the order and then another 2 days before they even process it. Shoe hasn't even left the warehouse. I ordered it on a Wednesday and didn't even get it shipped out of the warehouse til Monday and expected time to get to my place? 11 days. Item usually ships in 24 hours. Be mindful of the word usually. Yes I am bitter.
B0009QGPPO Durable, comfortable & stylish I'm on my 7th pair (in 5 yrs)I wear this as a street & hiking shoe everyday. They hold up really well for me, and I love the look of the toe box.(+ they'll hold up even longer with proper leather care).Enjoy.
B0009QGPPO Great Boots - A Classic for a Player that wants the Best The Puma King boots, indoor, turf, molded and screw-in studs, have been and continue to be in a class of boots that define what every player should expect in their most important piece of equipment. The same can be said for the Mundial line from Adidas.  Both have extremely soft but durable leather. Molded studs that are rubber and not hard plastic. Solid heel cups for support.The biggest difference, and the reason I switched from Adidas to Puma, is the width of the soles.  I have E-EE wide feet and the Adidas line is two narrow, especially after they are fully broken in.  The Pumas are wider enough that I don't have to worry about that at all.The sizing for any shoes is variable by the different manufacturers and the lasts that they use to craft the shoes.  Even within a particular brand and even style, there will always be some variation.  Where and when they were made and small changes in design are big factors. In the US, the 10.5 fits me perfectly. I have other shoes of all types and brands that all fit great but vary in stated sizes from 9.5 to 11.5. The measuring device says I am an exact 10. I never assume a shoe in any size is automatically going to fit my foot.  This is especially true with soccer boots when I want the best fit possible.  Since very few brick and mortar stores carry top of the line boots and you can't try a pair on before purchasing them, I hope the size I chose fits but realize I may have to exchange them. It isn't a reason to give them a lesser rating.  Rate the shoes by the quality, durability, comfort and playability after you get the best size for you.
B0009QGPPO awesome listed as used but they are new. atleast they seem brand new. wow. Love the shoes. The fit is dead on for me.
B0009QGPPO Show Perfect!!! Very very very showwwwwwwwwww!! Wondeful!!I always buy PUMA and always buy, I'm happy for that and I am a loyal customer. I can not adapt to another brand! Meets me in every way.
B0009QGPPO All Around A number of my games are played on very hard fields (not the plush fields I played on in college).  My cleats were wearing my knees and back out and I needed a more forgiving boot for hard surfaced fields.  I have been extremely happy with the Puma King All Around.  I still wear my Puma King studs as often as I can though!
B0009QGPPO great stuff Love how these shoes mould to your feet. My last pair lasted for several seasons of playing soccer as well as coaching both my son's teams and coaching baseball. Happy that I can still get my hands on them.
B0009QGPPO The King lives! Great shoes. Top quality. Classic look that I prefer over the newer, flashier, multi colored options out there. These feel good and perform even better. A bit tight at the toes, thus the 4 stars, but will probably adjust as I use them more.  Sole is made for turf, but would not hesitate to play in grass with them as the grooves seem adequate for it.
B0009QGPPO Bought for my son to play indoor and outdoor. Nice cleats for wide feet.  Traction is good for Las Vegas Grass fields and holds well on turf.  Worth the money if your kid plays both indoor and outdoor.
B0009QGPPO exact fit, heal backing is not fabric I rip out the back heal of athletic shoes that hare all fabric.The Puma King's have leather (or its synthetic cousin) backing on the heal cup, so I don't need to worry about the rip out.The shoe is comfortable on hard surface.  I purchased my exact size, and they fit perfect.  However, there is no room for an insert, not that I need it for these.
B000BOCNRI good purchase No, wonder why great players such as pele and maradona wore these shoes, the k leather, helps with your touch. Relitivaly light for an all leather shoe and fits greats for people with wide feet
B000BOCNRI Quality Indoor Soccer Shoes I think this a quality shoe.  Notice the stitching on the upper leather and then to the sole at the toe.  The leather provides more padding than the Sambas or other basic shoes, as well as arch support (not too much though) and a quality cushion for the heel.  As I'm older and banged up from soccer I like the extra padding and support.  I just wear them for an everyday/exercise shoe.  The only weird thing is the tongue flap over the top of the laces, but it makes sense if you're actually playing and want the laces covered up.
B000BOCNRI Disappointed but usable The first day they bruised my left toe due to friction with pieces of leather sticking out (of the inside).  I have owned 5 pairs of outdoor kings and loved them.  They did fit perfectly from the first day and although they did not last long, they performed flawlessly.  I can't say the same about the indoor version.  I'll try to do some modifications and if it helps me to get more use out of these I'll add to the comments.Edit: After a bit of modification and using thicker socks, I can use them now. Still not a perfect fit but usable.
B000BOCNRI Perfect for indoor and Futsal! Perfect fit and comfortable soccer shoes! Durable and helps on controlling the ball during play. Would buy these again. For sure!
B000BOCNRI Kings are the best Ive been playing soccer my whole life through college and Id have to say that Puma Kings are the best shoes Ive ever owned. I do have wider feet and Puma's definetly are wider shoes. I've never found a Nike or Addidas shoe that compares. Kings are the best.
B000BX79W8 Tight leg Indeed I'm a personal trainer, so I've tried a slew of training garments. After being excited to get these, I must give a mixed review.PROS:(1) They're extremely comfortable, have a stretch material that slides off your skin when you move.(2) The material itself looks very attractive, though I'm afraid it may easily catch a thread "run" if you scratch it against something sharp.CONS:(1) They are TIGHT leg, meaning they will, to put it bluntly, make your rear end look bigger than any other pants will. Remember how addidas pants have zip openings that flow? These don't even fall limber when they're unzipped. The elastic and spandex is so tight you'll look like a speedskater (Long tights).(2) They look a bit feminine. Con #1 notwithstanding, they have a grey serge stitch above your rear end that draws attention, a motif for a lot of women's athletic wear.For what it's worth, I'm returning them. If you're thinking of buying them, just remmeber that tight leg doesn't mean they'll look snug. They're one step above tights.
B000BY832C QUALITY PRODUCT ! QUALITY VALUE . PUMA DOES IT RIGHT. SIZE TRUE TO FIT & HAS A  TAILORED LOOK & FEEL.VERY COMFORTABLE. ONLY REASON FOR A 4 RATING IS THAT  PRODUCT FOTO WAS PRIMARILY A RED  JACKET BUT IN THE ORDERING PROCESS THE FOTO SHOWN WAS A NAVY COLORED JACKET. JACKET RECEIVED WAS A NAVY COLOR SO IT WAS A LITTLE CONFUSING.
B000C4XHJA Nice fit, great fabric,  stays in place. After reading couples reviews I chose toget these ones. Good choice. Like the fabric u t feels great. Stays in place- tried them with different activities,  walk, gym, daily errans.
B000CCZ740 Very uncomfortable I've been trying to love these shoes for three weeks now but all I have to show for my effort is a foot full of blisters. I bought them from a very reputable running store where I know all of the employees and I'm quite sure the fit was fine. But hey, you may have a different experience.I've also found that the run itself is alot harder on my knees than the runs I take with my Asics 2090s.Finally, be careful in making your color selection. It's fun to sport the yellow but it's really, really hard to coordinate this color with anything in your wardrobe.
B000E3V8KO EXCELLENT IT IS AN ORIGINAL FERRARI ITEM THAT COMES EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED.COLORS ARE PERFECT.AND IT FITS AS YOU WOULD EXPECT.
B000EGP39I PUMA MENS RETRO RINGER TEE The shirt is true to the description, and is very comfortable.
B000ESFLN4 Comfort, quality, and affordable These shoes are great. They're stylish and comfortable at a low, low price. I've had many compliments on them. They're quite form fitting to the foot as well.
B000ESFLN4 Great shoe Retro is good - light weight, simple, not overstyled, and very comfortable.  I'd buy more, but evidently they quit making them as I can't find any in my size and color choice.  Too bad.
B000EWQQYS hope u have small feet! The quality of the socks themselves is great, but one major drawback is the hole you put your foot into the sock. That thing does NOT stretch enough to get your foot in it, each time I put these on it feels like the elastic in the band is going to snap, seriously I can barely get them on. I wear a 10.5 reg, once the sock is on it fits fine, its just that getting it on is a pain. I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
B000F2SFEQ Cool pair of old school shoes These were *the* shoes to die for when I was in High School....of course that was back when these Pumas first came out and being originally made in Germany. Puma 10's are old school (no air cells or gels); a simple, lightweight sneaker with classic Puma styling. The black suede with the white slash looks as good today as it did back then and this classic Puma style has withstood the test of time. They still have that oh-so-cool look...
B000F4FAYW Puma Men's Repli Cat Low L Very lightweight and durable thus far. They could use a little arch support. All in, Puma has done well. Very well priced and affordable.
B000FEFSF8 flip flop flats for feet comfy, great color,puma rocks, i think puma is almost a forgotten company with a unique style
B000FPLEOG Great product, and even greater timing! Wow!  I was so surprised to come in today (Tuesday) to find my shoes waiting for me!  I had ordered them the previous Friday, and I wasn't expecting them to arrive so soon!  But there they were!Anyway, with regard to the shoe itself, my feet are wider, so I found the middle split kinda split a little further than I expected, but that's nobody else's fault but my feet's.  The shoe looked exactly as I had envisioned it (and as the pictures indicated).  I would definitely buy from this seller again!
B000FPLEOG Comfortable, stylish and not hipster Very good on feet. The grip is great. I have been wearing them at work every day. I love the slip-on comfort and can take it out if I want to chill. Perfect for San Francisco/Bay Area weather.
B000FPLEOG nice price, wish they were more durable I keep buying puma since I like their design and laceless models. I only wish these shoes lasted longer. I have around 6 weeks with them and the cloth sewing that covers the plastic structure around the ankle has been disintegrating. I calculate a product life of 6 months.As always, delivery and purchase experience was excellent.
B000FPLEOG 100% satisfied When I originally searched for this product, it was not available in the correct size. However, the product was never removed or deleted from my wishlist and a few months later I saw the link. To my surprise the buyer had restocked the product in a variety of sizes and I was ecstatic.  When the product arrived at my house, it was exactly what I expected and arrived in a timely fashion, maybe a little earlier then when it was supposed to arrive. I was very satisfied with my purchase and would buy again from this buyer.
B000FPLEOG Puma Walkers Very happy with the product and also the price and service. Product was an international purchase and arrived in tact.
B000FPLEOG speedy delivery for great product Amazon delivered exactly what I asked for in record time. I chose the super saver delivery option and it made it to Hawaii before the expedited ordered I placed for my gf's shirt. Very pleased
B000FPLEOG Non-adjustble strap makes these feel more like slippers than shoes. I ordered a size 14 pair of these El Rey Sneakers because I liked the design plus the convenience of not having to worry about getting shoe laces caught in my bike when I head to class. Still, the top strap is non-adjustable, but rather just a rubber band that goes around the top of the shoe.  This makes these sneakers feel more like slippers and they don't give the snug/secure fit laced shoes normally give. I ran two miles in these yesterday just to see if they'd ever fall off in an emergency.  They didn't, and I don't suppose they will.  But they're certainly more loose-fitting than I'd like.Aside from that they're pretty comfortable.  The rubber grip is great for my scooter deck but don't trust them on wet surfaces.
B000FPLEOG A Style Faux Pas Well, it's a matter of taste for sure, but these didn't work for me. Maybe I'm just an Adidas guy after all...
B000FSD0G8 Puma soccer player The shoe is an excellent fit and is obviously of high quality. However the leather is not as soft as I expected. I have a pair of Puma King Exec FG and leather is very soft and pliable. This is the reason that I purchased the Puma King Exec TT. The feel of the leather on the Puma King Exec TT is a disappointment, it is not as soft as expected. Hence three (3) stars instead of five (5)
B000FVZ1YE Perfection!! This is exactly what I wanted, the fit was superb, the comfort factor is over the moon. They come in super cool colors. I am certain this will be the only underwear he will wear from now on.
B000FVZ1YE Green! They fit well. They do not climb or pinch. Great green color that appears to hold through washes..There was a long thread from a seam when the item arrived. I cut it carefully but it still started to release the seam. I had to re-sew the spot. With what these cost, it was rather annoying.
B000FVZ1YE I'm flattered, but these are too big I'm blushing that Puma thought I could fit into these.  Size is usually a personal matter, but in this case I just can't fit their lofty expectations.  I don't know if it was just this item, I've had pretty good luck with Puma attire before, but I measured it against other mediums I have and it's about 1 1/2&#34; larger than other mediums.  I didn't try them on, I had to send them back, but the moment I opened them, I could tell they were way too big.
B000GDXNV4 Title It works. Enough said. word word word word word word word word word. Stupid to tell me how many words to write when four words will do.
B000GDXNV4 Red Marine It's hard to know how well a product like this works in a short time span and you are taking other types of vitamins as well.Algae is good for you, I'm not convinced this red marine algae is anything better.
B000GDXNV4 Surprisingly Great I'm usually not comfortable with online purchases, however this experience was great.I received the Red Marine Algae as ordered and it work smoothly.  I wanted to boost myimmune system and fight off a winter virus.  This product worked as expected while takingit on a regular schedule.  I'm very pleased with the results and plan to continue its use asneeded.  Surprisingly Great!
B000GDXNV4 great product This works (for me) I haven't had an outbreak in months! Before I used to get them at least once a month, for years. This is a true life saver, I can't believe this product isn't in the media more.I take one capsule in the morning and one in the evening, it seems to keep the virus at bay. Even when I'm going out drinking heavely or eating arginine rich food.Suppressive Acyclovir treatment made me feel crummy. I haven't experience any side effects from this product. So glad I found this
B000GDXNV4 Helped! No outbreaks have happened for 5 month! Good Product! I've also used Vitamin E, Zink and V-Lysin. No Acyclovir used
B000GDXNV4 this product works!! i have not had a coldsore in over a year! (knock on wood) i used to get coldsores quite often.. sometimes 4 or 5 times a year... i hated it.. i'd pay $1,000,000 to not get them again hehe.. thats how bad coldsores kill your social life(they also leave scarring).my mom's coworker recommended this product to me.. so i decided to try it outyou get coldsores when your bodie's antiviral immune system levels are low... and this could be caused by a number of things such as getting sick.. overexerting your body... getting too much sun... anything that causes your body to become weaker...so when i've gotten sick in the pass year... as soon as i feel a cold coming on i would drink 4 capsules twice a day during my cold... and once my cold went away to stop drinking the capsules(drink the capsules only when you think you're body is under extreme stress). i have done this for the past year and have not gotten any coldsores!!one time i had a hangover from drinking too much.. threw up for most of the morning.. i didnt think anything of it... a couple days later a coldsore started to appear on my upperlip.. it was in its very beginning stages... so i quickly drank 4 capsules twice a day and the coldsore never fully formed and disappeared completely after 2 days leaving no scarring at all.this product works...this is a small price to pay to not have to experience the ugly pain of coldsores again
B000GDXNV4 sweet The Best !!!!!!!!!!!! N0t one cold sore at beach all summer long. Its amazing !!! 1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Absolutely recommend to others! !!!!
B000GPO5CS Puma Contre Slip-on - GREAT It is very confortable and looks great. I recently weent to New York and used it all around.IT was very confortable and fashonable :)!
B000HAWJ66 Great Shoes So comfortable! I found that Eastbay got these contoured pieces of relaxation for the troubled dogs out to me so quickly. Highly recommended for the price!!!  I get compliments on them every time I wear them.
B000HDFB1S Nice buy! It was a really smoth transaction, and the item arrived super fast. It's a gift So I didn't try it or anything but it works and looks good.I gave it 4 stars because it is a litle too big, doesnt make a difference though, they could just have posted more pictures.
B000HDH2T2 Puma Futuristic Well made and very handsome on the wrist! Able to see leds well, except with sunlight and over head lighting.
B000HDH2TC I COULD NOT SEE EVERYTIME.. TOO DARK... AS SOON AS I GOT THAT, I DOUBTED MY EYE..BECAUSE I COULD NOT SEE THE TIME..TOO DARK..IT WAS JUST FASHION..I COULD NOT LOOK THE TIME..
B000II59K0 Am I only person ordered this? I ordered Jan.1st but I don't know what's going on.Please tell me thereis no problem.
B000JLLSWY ok Puma label only on one side, from the other side, they look like generic gas station glasses.  Very light and good for runnign though
B000K7EIME Style! comfort!  Mostro has it all. I have been wearing mostro design for 10 years or more.  they are just the best!  I keep a spring in my step with style that goes just about anywhere.  I've had a silver toned pair and look forward to adding to the collection.
B000K7EIME Velcro Closing Velcro closing is not on the outer portion of the shoe and is easily detach if inadvertently kicked while walking.
B000K7EIME My Daughter Loved Them! Purchased these shoes for my Daughter for Christmas.  Online, I thought they looked sharp; when I received them, I knew they did.... My Daughter loved them.  Said they fit right and she was wearing them with her work khakis and Black and White top.  (She is a Physical Therapist and knows good shoes....) I am pleased with the service and the product.  Will definitely buy from this vendor again.
B000K7EIME They don't make them like they used to Haven't bought any Puma recently, last couple of years, but don't remember them being so small in length.  I wear 8.5, butwill have to go to a 9.  Oh, one other thing the 'tongue&#34; is too long and hits the top of my foot/leg at the 90 degree angle joint ofleg and foot.  In the past I have purchased many pairs of this style and have not had this problem.  They don't seem to havethe quality of workmanship that they had in the past.
B000KE0GS2 pretty good cleat I ordered these for my college baseball player son.  They are light and very comfortable.  They run a little big his could actually be a size smaller.  Also he added a "Tuff toe" pitching toe to help protect big toe area.
B000L1I7SK Sexy and stylish but pretty short Bought these for my husband because he decided he was done with cheap Hanes-brand boxers and boxer briefs. Hallelujah!! For a guy that has fun with fashion I can't believe it took him so long. Have to say for our first foray into higher-priced underwear these worked out great! We can confirm that good underwear is worth the money and these are even on the low end. Great entry-level into the world of &#34;nice&#34; underwear but these ARE really short. We are still shopping around, sampling the different brands and price-points but I have a feeling he will ask me to grab him another pack of these (meanwhile I will be grabbing his package). Have some fun and buy these, it will add a little spring into your step ;)
B000LZMMBY Best shoe ever. I bought these directly from Puma.  I wish they would consider re-releasing them into production.  They are so comfortable that the in-joke with my roomate was "these shoes are so comfortable" as he had begun to get tired of me saying that every time I wore them.
B000MLZM82 Sporty handbag Nice little sporty handbag. Perfect size. It holds my camera, key's, phone, glasses, and wallet. Perfect for on the go.
B000MMEYIK cheap shirt I washed it one time the white puma mark get darker and small white spot appears on the shirt.Do't buy this product. this is not original puma
B000MMEYIK Puma excellent sleeveless wear Puma products are by far the best...I love my sleeveless and now have a number of them with lots of positive comments The perfect summer wear
B000MS9S6C El Rey de Puma Consider yourself as a "Un rey" when wearing these sneakers. Really great style.
B000MWA1HI The band is fragile The band is not so good, in a little time had broke. the leather (fake) broke.
B000N1ZA2E For the racing enthousiast My son absolutely loved this shirt.  He is a huge car fan, even though he is just 9.It wears well and does not shrink in the dryer.  Good quality material.
B000N297HC puma shorts these shorts are, as advertised, definitely coach shorts.  they are comfortable and light, but if you plan on using them to be highly active they made ride up a little (not quite enough to show your jock strap, but it could be a little embarassing).  If you are cool with showing a lot of leg, like a soccer player, they are great, but they aren't quite appropriate if you want to take them to the basketball court.
B000O6KBLS Puma v-KAT II SG They are very confortable and look a way more nice in person than the pictures you see on amazon or internet, I bought a 9.5 size but they didnt feel like 9.5, seems to me that are a little bit smaller even so they are confortable
B000OBN4OY good soccer pants I really love the design but it is very tight around the legs. Much tighter than your average soccer pants. Great quality. Gold Puma is awesome.
B000OBNDQ8 well done I was very happy with the way the item was delivered and the product itself was not at all disappointing. I would not hesitate to buy products from Amazon again....
B000OR2EK8 Great looks, Unbelievably Light, OK comfort Don't get me wrong, I love these shoes. They are incredibly light and they make me stand out anywhere. However, if I wear them for several hours at a time, then I begin to have some comfort issues. Nothing major, but I become very aware of the arch and I end up wanting to take them off. Overall, I'm very pleased with these shoes despite my minor comfort issues.
B000Q3E78C Soccer boots should always be leather These boots are working for my daughter just fine so far but, after only a few practices, are already showing signs that she will get at best only a year out of them. However, since she is only 13, that is probably the best I could expect regardless. Once her feet stop growing I will invest in a nicer pair for her.
B000QDM554 very upset Well I was very upset when the sneakers came in the mail.  I ordered them for my daughter for school.  When they came, she opened them and they were dirty and scuffed up like someone had worn them.  It was too late to send them back and get another pair, so i just sent them back with the return label that came in the box.  Well someone lost the sneakers and i have yet to get the 62.99 credit for them.  I will probably never order through them again.  Just be aware!!!!!!!!!!!
B000QDZVFA Cool Shoes I've had them for more than a year and keep getting asked where I got them.  Size was right on the money.  Holding up great.  No problems.  All good!
B000R4XHRC &#1056;&#1072;&#1079;&#1084;&#1077;&#1088; &#1085;&#1077; &#1089;&#1086;&#1086;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1090;&#1089;&#1090;&#1074;&#1091;&#1077;&#1090;. &#1050;&#1088;&#1086;&#1089;&#1089;&#1086;&#1074;&#1082;&#1080; &#1086;&#1090;&#1083;&#1080;&#1095;&#1085;&#1099;&#1077;. &#1069;&#1090;&#1086; &#1091;&#1078;&#1077; &#1095;&#1077;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1088;&#1090;&#1072;&#1103; &#1087;&#1072;&#1088;&#1072; &#1080;&#1079; &#1101;&#1090;&#1086;&#1081; &#1089;&#1077;&#1088;&#1080;&#1080; &#1076;&#1083;&#1103; &#1084;&#1086;&#1077;&#1075;&#1086; &#1084;&#1091;&#1078;&#1072;. &#1053;&#1086; &#1088;&#1072;&#1079;&#1084;&#1077;&#1088; &#1085;&#1077; &#1089;&#1086;&#1086;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1090;&#1089;&#1090;&#1074;&#1091;&#1077;&#1090; &#1087;&#1088;&#1077;&#1076;&#1099;&#1076;&#1091;&#1097;&#1080;&#1084; &#1082;&#1088;&#1086;&#1089;&#1089;&#1086;&#1074;&#1082;&#1072;&#1084;. &#1069;&#1090;&#1080; &#1095;&#1077;&#1090;&#1100; &#1073;&#1086;&#1083;&#1100;&#1096;&#1077;, &#1075;&#1076;&#1077;-&#1090;&#1086; &#1085;&#1072; &#1087;&#1086;&#1083;&#1086;&#1074;&#1080;&#1085;&#1091; &#1088;&#1072;&#1079;&#1084;&#1077;&#1088;&#1072;.
B000R4XHRC excellent best of the best shoes i remember at the 80's the model PUMA METEOR are fantastic i like puma i feel nostalgy
B000R4XHRC Not too bad a fit, But they do seem to be an exact D width and the length is pretty exact as well. Very good fit and finish. Stable, yet light weight on the Pickleball court, and not marking. Sure footed grip to the tread.
B000R4XHRC It OK Fits a little snug.  Great for lounging.  Not great for walking long distances.  Havnt bought Puma in maybe 20 years.  Guess I'll have to stick with Nike.
B000R4XHRC Tight!! I like being a little different so I shop brands and styles that most of my friends do even bother looking at until they see me with it.  These shoes are comfortable
B000R4XHRC Great product. Awesome sneakers, only problem is the Uk measures are different than here. But since I was a kid always want to have them.
B000R4XHRC PUMA Quality Receive shoe on time and well boxed and the fit and confort is as expect.of the quality and design of the PUMA.
B000R4XHRC I LOVE IT ! ACTUALLY THEY CAME IN PRETTY FAT ! THEY'RE SIZE 8.5 BUT SEMM TO FIT OR BE ALITTLE BIGGER I ALREADY CHECKED ! THEY COME INDIFFERENT SIZES THOUGH ! SOMETHING IN MY MIND TOLD ME TO ORDER THEM SO I DID , THEY'RE  COMFORTABLE AND LOOK COOL ! IRECOMMEND YOU BUY THEM , GET THEM !
B000R4XHRC Puma GV I have always like puma sneakers ever since I was a child. These sneakers provide good support for my feet and keep me balanced.
B000R4XHRC I) wish I had returned them I hardly wear them. Very rigid and ungiving.  Not really a huge fan of the sole or the over all aesthetic.
B000R4XHRC Feel a little tight and cheap but overall not terrible for price They are ok. Little padding inside and kinda hard feeling. Ok for price . They look ok but are a little on cheap side
B000R4XHRC damn i still have these? i bought these a long ass time ago and they are still sitting in my room. sure they have a few rips but nothing too bad. they survived working at a movie theater for years so that's impressive...
B000R4XHRC comfy n stylish This was a great bargain find for me!!! Comfy fit all around and stylish! Suitable for walkabout n office. Shipping was pretty fast too.
B000R4XHRC doesn't match. the left shoe has a different type of upper front leather compared to right shoe!....it is too soft, and wrinkled.i also bought a 2nd pair for my son and both are made with identical leather material, not soft and wrinkled.no chance of returning it, already had them shipped here in the Philippines. :(
B000R4XHRC Puma The colors are prefect the fit is on point and the reason for the rating because I'm a huge fan of Puma
B000R4XHRC kickin it Black n white and profiled just right. I was looking for a different style puma but this one came really close and satisfies me.
B000R4XHRC ????????! They were tight and uncomfortable I like to call Laura and look up their very uncomfortable I have nothing else to say
B000R4XHRC Tight from sides Its tight from the sides need to be little bit wider and has some thing in side the right shoe bother
B000R4XHRC Good look, cheap leather... I'd like these in suede (remember the California?) or in nicer leather. They'll work though. I would buy them again.
B000R4XHRC COULD BE PERFECT!!! NARROWER THAN I WOULD LIKE!!!IF IT WAS JUST A LITTLE WIDER, THIS SHOEWOULD DEFINITELY BE PERFECT!!!YET IT IS OKAY, BUT NOT FOR LONG DURATION'S!!!
B000R4XHRC AWESOME!!!!! Love these shoes!!!! Rugged for work and ready for a gig!They fit like a glove and I will buy them agian!
B000R4XHRC CRAZY UNCOMFORTABLE MADLY uncomfortable.EXTREMELY uncomfortable.IMPROBABLY uncomfortable.UNCHARACTERISTICALLY uncomfortable.YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE HOW uncomfortable.THE GENEVA CONVENTION SHOULD PROHIBIT THESE uncomfortable.
B000R4XHRC Puma GV Awesome Got these today and they are every bit what I hoped for. Always wanted these shoes and am so glad I got them. Very comfortable...nice leather. I did order a 13 when I usually wear a 12 to 12.5. Glad I did, as that is the only thing accurate about any of the negative reviews on here.If you are thinking of getting them...do it. You wont be disappointed.
B000R4XHRC shoes PUMA's They are fine, think it's just the break in period ...... we are satisfied!Thank you for assisting us with or selection.
B000R4XHRC sharp and sturdy. these are great for my growing boy. i like that they are somewhat stiff, gives him the traction needed for his spastic 12 yr old nature! i want a pair for myself!
B000R4XHRC Real cool! The shoes are dope! Fit with no problem and was the true size I ordered and needed. They shipped on time as promised and are truly comfortable after times of wearing them.
B000R4XHRC Puma footwear? I wear Puma, and bought the exact size I was wearing...it did not fit.Nothing near Puma standard and quality.
B000R4XHRC Seller OK The sneakers are as I expected, no more, no less. It is a pleasure to wear them. All my friends like them too.
B000R4XHRC Look a little smaller than a regular, but I don't like a stuff chins made Look a little smaller than a regular size and I didn't see that was china made. I don't like china made
B000REX1DW Quick shipping, great product! Got the product in 2 days, much sooner than expected. Fantastic shoes, probably my all time favorites. Very comfortable, thought they do run a little small so take that into consideration when you order them!
B000REX1DW Speedcat: The Classic (and Coolest) Puma Shoe ,,, Ever! I own three pairs of Speedcats and my favorite BY FAR is the black suede w/ white stripe shoe.  I often pair these shoes with a 2-button black suit, crisp white dress shirt with open collar (no tie!) and black t-shirt underneath.  A very, very cool fashion statement that tells people I don't always play by the rules.  I'm definitely NOT a slave to silly fashion trends and always stick to the basics, but my classic Speedcats are a staple for my business and casual wear.  They always look great for any occasion and feel like a glove on my feet.  Besides, women really dig the look -- especially on a more mature man (I'm 57!).  Puma should send me a commission check every month for all the Speedcats I've probably sold for them.
B000REX1DW Pumas Love the pumas, I was looking for womens but after alot of research and frustration over the fact that womens shoes are so expensive I found in this case mens and womens are the same only mens are 1/2 the price. I just ordered 2 sizes smaller then I usually take for the mens size and they are perfect. I will do this again.
B000REX1DW Puma's!!! These things are freeking cool, I love Puma's.. I just wanna make out with girls when they were them and not even take them off.... : )
B000REX1DW Excellent! I purchased these sneakers for my husband. When I placed the order, I picked the wrong size. I contacted the vendor and they changed it for me without a problem. Product arrived on time and the whole experience was excellent!
B000ROFJLO Dont worth it... Well... What Can I Say.I bought these because they are similar to an old version of shoes I had. But, I am very disappointed.First, I have to say that I have not use them in the finest field ever, but also is not one of those crappy fields full of mud or rocks. However, they are already messed up.I bought them last February and I have used them around 8 times... After the 3rd time, the stitch on the right boot got unstitch. I wanted to return them but it is more expensive to send them back than to buy a new pair.They are very uncomfortable and the "leather" sucks... Yesterday I realized that this started to shell from both shoes...The only thing I can say I like is the sole. It is very nice and it works fine in wet fields(I have only used hem once on this condition)...I cannot say more cuz I haven't use them more, otherwise; this comment will be larger...
B000S6Q7VC i like them I want this shoes in size 7.As soon as possible..can youth look for my size ..is a gift that i really want ti give away
B000SMO6SW Aptly named. This a very comfortable shoe. I like wearing them while driving my '07 muscle car with a 5 speed manual transmission. Clutch feel is fantastic. Well designed including the symbolic "wrap-around" patches on the heels.If you like to burn rubber, these Pumas are for you.
B000U5FZD2 Princeton Watches UNRESPONSIVE Puma Small Turn watch - order placed on 21-Nov-2007, Availability: In Stock and still shows in stk today 12/12/07. When are they going to ship it???
B000UCUO4A A little big. I'm a natural xl, but this polo fits me a little bit wider. So I recommended you go for the smaller size.
B000UCUO4A Great Polo I bought this Polo about 3 years ago and still use it, is very comfortable to wear. I will buy it again.
B000UCW894 Little people Hey, these things have little lawyers printed on the side of the sole. Just think, for a moment, that they represent some jerk who has been telling you what you can and can not do and talking about the "law" as if it were a reasonable person....AND that you are stepping all over them...all day......priceless.
B000VSF0Q0 Classy Classy and unusual asymmetric look. Durable enough for the gym, yet the crystals make it dressy enough for special occasions.
B000WR95ES beautiful piece one of the most beautiful pieces to give away, my girlfriend was impressed with the color that is also a very subtle pink, besides the screen design is very innovative.
B000WR95FC Puma Heart Rate Monitor I have only just received my Puma heart rate monitor. It looks great, feels great and is a great improvement over my Oregon Scientific HRM. The batteries can be changed by the wearer.  The instructions that come with the watch could be a lot better. There are no instructions on how to change watch battery, the strap battery is self evident. If they don't want to spend money on printing a lengthy instruction manual, they could make the instructions available somewhere on line, which would be very cost effective. I would definitely recommend this Puma HRM. I would recommend using some type of ECG or TENS conductivity gel on the chest strap, you then get an immediate accurate pulse reading, otherwise HRMs tend to jump around until you build up a good sweat. Once you place the chest strap on you can hear a clicking sound that is the transmitter in the strap reading your pulse, you get used to it and it is very faint, unobtrusive but strange at first, I haven't had an HRM that does this before. Finally, it only took four calender days from the time I placed my order with Amazon on the net,to the day it was delivered to me in Hobart, Tasmania down under in Australia.  Incredibly fast delivery, well done Amazon.
B000WR95FC Awesome HRM I've been using this Heart Rate Monitor for over 2 weeks now. Works well in a high impact gym environment (boxing class) & is easy to use.Also very fast delivery with the package arriving in 4 days.
B000WR95FC Puma Heart Rate Watch This watch is a good product with a ton of features, including time, heart rate, lap counter and many more. The heart rate monitor measures target heart rate, zones, calories burned and HR high and low. I sometimes question the accuracy of the monitor as occasionally it shows my heart beat low as about 30 beats per minute in the gym, but 99% of the time works perfectly. I would definately recommend this product.
B000WR95FC good product but not user friendly I bought the HRM on a Emirates flight and am using it for jogging and training. I have used it now for about 3 months and the product works fine and is generally accurate.A few drops of water on the skin under the measure unit is helpful to get the correct heart rate.The HRM is loaded with features, but it is not user friendly. In fact, if you loose the small instruction booklet, you will have a very hard time to programme the HRM or to access many of its features.I can only support the suggestion of another user that the company should post a user manual online!Actually this little gadget helped me to quit smoking - after I noticed that my HR jumped up 20% to 25% every time I smoked a cigarette I never lighted another again!
B000WR95FC Nice look, great features..... This watch has a lot of features(I only use it as a HRM) and looks great(as most puma products do).Pros: Bought mine in 2008 and still going strong, good battery life(still has original batteries),calorie counter(don't know how to use it lost my manual) and looks good(I especially like HRM gauge lights up).Cons:You have to wear a chest strap(that is common with most monitors).Overall this is a great product better than some new one that came out on the market recently.
B000WR95I4 Way too big to be called uni-sex If you're a guy looking for a cool watch, I would recommend it.  If you're a girl, look for something smaller!  The size alone was enough to make me send this back, on top of the fact that the screen was dead.  Props to Amazon though, returning it was super easy and they refunded the money within a week.
B000WR95I4 Watche for man If you're a boy looking for a beautiful watche, perfect, it's  nice. But if you're a girl, don't buy it. It's too big!!! And I can't return it, they didn't come to pick it up at my home, and I call them everyday and they just don't do NOTHING! I do regret. They sent it very fast! 2 days and I got them, but when they want to sell it's very easy to send it fast, but when you want to return it's not their business, they don't mind! I'm very mad with this situation, I tell you, don't buy it if your a girl, otherwize you will have a lot of problems to return it. IT'S NOT UNISEX!!!
B000WR962E Great finish A teeny bit bigger than i expected, but went down well with the girl who wears it. The quality of the finish is top notch. A little on the expensive side @ 145 bucks, but worth it
B000WS0LAE LES I have had the watch for a week + and already exercised with it 1/2 a dozen time and think its great value for money. Simple enough to use. Overall consistent and and logical use of the controls.  The instruction manual is brief. Took me a bit of time to come to grips with but worthwhile spending time to understand them.For an introductory level heart rate monitor worth every cent and more.(My friend bought with GPS, Auto recording of exercise results, Web data base etc etc, cost him 3 x the amount.)
B000WS0LAE Very god choice Its accurate, has nic features as chronometer, more than one alarm, watch with date, it calculates kcal, and I love the design. If your concern is accuracy, buy it. If you like it buy it.
B000WS0LC2 Sharp I love everything about it, except the face scratched.  I am not sure if it is the product or how I handled it/wore it.  Got compliments.
B000WS0LCM too big for my tastes doesn't look good on a woman's wrist in my opinion, I have small wrists and it just doesn't look right, might look better on someone with larger arms
B000WS0LSQ never bought this I never bough this iten, I just hope i was not charged for this as the suunto piece, that i never got. but this one i not even remember buying
B000WS1V6M THis did not work straight out of the box This was a gift for my daughter.  There was no consistent heart rate.  At rest her heart rate could flucuate from 84 to over 160.  Will return and ask for a new one.
B000WS1V6M A cool multi-function time piece Yes it is cool and it also does not feel warm on my wrist :) I have been asked about this watch by so many people, both on the tennis court, the golf course and at work! I like the dual alarm function, the Heart rate functions are simply awesome (peak, in-the-zone, over-the-zone, under-the-zone heart rates are very good to know after you set your 'zone'. awesome buy. Orange was not available at the time I bought this, but my next one will be orange!
B000WS1VB2 quality control? This watch looks great (the brown plastic is especially nice). The trouble is that the quality is really bad. When it first came it 'reset' itself a couple times (as if it would short circuit when I pushed one of the buttons). I avoided using any of the buttons to avoid this (just using it to display the time). Then the display stopped working (the buttons still beeped when I pushed them so the watch was not completely dead, just the display). I opened the back (voiding my waterproof warranty) and took the battery out for a 'hard' reset. This fixed the display but a few days later I used the built in light which made it go completely dead.Maybe the battery is dead, but there was no indication of the battery dying and after all the above mentioned problem, I don't even care to replace the battery.
B000WS1VB2 like the look It's a unique watch, but not the easiest to read the time from due to the glare off the face.  The display is just a bit too faint.  And the backllight only helps if it pitch dark.Good design idea though.  I still wear it since it matches the brown clothes I often wear.  (Style over substance I suppose!)
B000WS1VLM Gorgeous The challenge for me come anniversary time is that we stick to the themes. What the heck do I get for my husband that's copper?! I was thrilled to find this copper colored watch because - although it's a little cheat - the color is spot on! I was excited when it arrived and it was a fantastic addition to my copper gift collection. Unfortunately, he didn't love it (clashed with the wedding band) and I sent it back, but I got full copper credit and I personally thought it was smashing. Not a total loss though because I used my credit to buy myself a new watch - happy anniversary to me!
B000WS3LQK TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT... I bought this watch for my birthday and I got to me the day before. I put it on and wore it for 4 hours in my office until I noticed that the rubber was completely dirty, I tried to wash it but the dirt didn't go out. Then I noticed the rubber is porous and although I try to clean it, it will keep getting dirty and trashy every time I use it. So I can tell that my birthday gift lasted just 4 hours. I decided to send it back to the seller and asked for refund, I don't even want to try a different model... It was a total disappointment!!!!
B000WS3M00 better then expective bought this months ago.lost time, had it oiled and works good now. had no trouble sense. did not know this would fix a quartz.
B000WS5KLO Great Buy! It's even more impressive on your wrist than on the picture. It comes with a nice box. Its really heave but once you have it on you get used to it. It's not that big, so if you have a small to medium wrist it will look great...I have it for 3 month already and the dial is in perfect shape due to the mineral material. I recommend it!
B000WS5KPU 2 I love PUMA but this was not what I exspected. The band is cheaply made and the PUMA is stiched in and kinda threaded.
B000XLM53G great loved these track pants These are excellent. I use them for cricket and they perform well, they are durable and the material breaths well to keep you cool in the heat. I would buy another pair.
B000XLM53G Good Stuff All Around These pants are extremly comfortable.  I wear them for both lounging about and working out.
B000YXORR0 nice and warm these boots are versatile too.  the purle on the outside of the boot comes off so you cant change the look up.
B000ZHE51S Sized way larger than expected. Good quality tshirt, looks nice, sized like a basketball tshirt though, probably a men's x-large or above instead of a large,
B000ZHG2U0 Good Pants These pants are true to size. They have not faded due to washing. The only thing was that there is no pink stripe, it is completely green.
B0011SQ8F6 simply the best i bought this shoe  2 weeks ago and i couldnt believe how comfortable and well fitted they are. It encourged me to go walking daily hence i dont have to worry about the aching feet when coming from long walks. They are well designed to absorb the weight of the body when standing and pouncing back when running. When i have decided to buy it there was only one review with 5 stars being really happy with it i had to take the time to write down this helping more people with there decision.
B0011SQ8F6 WOW! This is my first pair of Pumas but it definitely will not be my last. I think the shoe is stylish and it great. I have an un-landscaped yard (very very dirty!) and mountains/boreal bush all around. The Puma Women's Complete Trailfox II is dark and handles the wet/mud great. I just had surgery on both knees in April and ordered these pumas just a month after. They have amazing traction, honestly it is phenomenal how comfortable these pull-on (optional lace-up) off roaders are! I think they look narrow but I have wider feet and they are ok. I think the toe could be less pointy. There is great arch support for those who need it, I do not but it does not bother me to have it in there. My only complaint is that these pumas do not breath as well as other shoes however, that comes with the off road terrain territory. Not sure if you can have water resistant (to some extent), durable and breathable shoes.
B00121ZAD8 functional yet fashionable This particular style makes me feel like GI Jane! I use it for paintballing. It is rugged and very durable yet lightweight and extremely stylish!
B0012Q36GQ Runs small I wear a size 9 but not in these. Plus they have an annoying silk ribbon bow which is hard to see in the picture. I would constantly have to retie the bows. Too bad.
B0012Q36GQ Puma Zany Cats I love these shoes.  I ended up buy 2 more pairs in different colors.  I teach pilates and yoga in a gym setting and wear these to work.  Easy to slip on and off and have received a TON of compliments.  Great service, fast shipping and a wonderful experience.
B0012X7VQU Puma Men's infinite Trackie This jacket fit really well.  The only problem I can think of with it is the amount of static it can generate at times.
B0013THN7A Mediocre After a few washes and wears, this shirt has lost shape (collar looks stretched out, sleeves don't hang right).  What happened to the days when you buy a tshirt and wear it forever?  This one looks like I have owned it for years already.
B0013THN7A missing items hello mateto this day my items are missingcan you help me with this issuei am waitnig for your answer
B0013THN7A Classic T Like the Nike SWOOSH - the Puma T is a must have for any sneakerhead. Plain and simple - an iconic design. Made very well, seems like it will last for years. Amazon.com had it to my location before the estaimated arrival date, like normal.
B0013THNAW cheap material, size too small This t-shirt is not at all what I expected for this price.I ordered an X-Large. It is, AT BEST, a medium.The material is a thin, cheap cotton.I would be scared to wash it. It will probably end up looking like a wash cloth.Don't waste your money!
B0013THNAW faded color.... i only gave this two stars because the shirt didnt look that dark. looked like it was kind of faded. i was expecting this to look much darker and solid but looks a little faded.
B0013THNAW bad quality of service You have very bad servise. You send me another t-shirt and return it was difficult, expensive and impossible! And i recived this t-shirt very late
B0013THNAW It's ok, but... I ordered this t-shirt because I like the Puma design,but when I received it the design was obviously crookedon the shirt. Other than that the shirt is fine.
B0013THNAW A regular shirt It's pretty, but i have used better T's from Puma. This one is like any other T, is not slim as it seems in the picture and not as soft and light as a Benetton T, but it's okay for casual use around the house or to go out on sundays
B0013THNAW DONT LIKE THE COLOR- WRONG COLOR The color is different from what they send so donot like it. I wont recommend  it to nobody make sure u send the same color
B0013THNAW Strecthed and faded with the first washing Kind of disappointing Puma is a name associated with top quality, this is definitely a step down for this brand name..
B0013TL3KI OK but not slim cut like the model is wearing I thought this was a slim cut version but it turned out to be a normal casual t-shirt. I got the medium and it does not have a fitted size. I think the model is wearing a small. I'll keep the T-shirt for gym use.
B0013TL3KI An ok shirt It's not a bad t-shirt but I felt the quality was a bit cheap and I've noticed with puma shirts, always buy one size smaller with puma they run pretty big most of the time.
B0013TL3KI For my husband My husband likes so much, we received it in ecuador thanks the help of my courier.Puma Young Men's No. 1 Logo Tee, White/Black, Large
B0013TL3KI unsatisfied Sizes suck there all super big... ordered a medium its as big as an extra large,Can't even wear it I will not he ordering again
B0014BV756 Daughter loved these. Beautiful shoes.  My daughter loved these.  They arrived promptly.  Pleased with my purchase.
B0014CR3A8 Had what I was looking for and received it  quickly Amazon had the shoes I was looking for when no other site had them, even Puma.  I also recevied them very quickly after I ordered them.  Amazon has always provided me with great products and quick delivery.  Always look on thier site for what you want.FireBlade
B0014CR3A8 I was looking for a simple walking/jogging shoe. I did not find these comfortable at all. The shoes did not fit well, were not overly comfortable, and did not provide much cushioning when walking/jogging. I would not purchase again.
B0014DWEEC Great warm-up gear I freakin' love this jacket. I have owned two through soccer clubs I played for and was seriously saddened when I lost both of them! It is just heavy enough to not feel flimsy but not so thick that it weighs you down; prefect for layering and for wearing in 50 - 70 degree weather. I like how it's looser fitting to make for easy layering when it's colder. If you need to roll up the sleeves, the elastic holds in on your arm and depending on how big your arms are, it shouldn't constrict blood flow haha. Definitely want to buy another one!
B0014DWEEC Good fit and looks but... The jacket has two external pockets and two internal ones. The two inside pockets were not stitched in one side at all. My whole hand can pass through. I do not want to go to the hassle of a return so I will stitch it myself. Otherwise it fits perfect I am 5'9" -170#. There seems to be a lack of quality control with this jacket since I am not the only one mentioning this issue.
B0014DWEEC Pretty nice training jacket for the most part Got this about a week ago, and for the most part i am pleased. Just had its first wash, and the quality seems nice.  I got this to replace an older one I have, which i still prefer it a little better over this one because it hugs me better, and fits like a comfortable shoe. My wife was desperate for me to get a new one, and so i did as the other one is getting a little worn around the edges.The one thing you will notice is that the fit is a little looser. If you are looking for something to hug you a little tight, but not enough to make you uncomfortable, this is not the one.  It is mostly a loose fit, even for a medium. It also looks much better when you zip it up all way. The color is great, and it does feel comfortable, although you will probably feel like you have to adjust it a little bit more then you would normally like to make it work for you as you are walking.i can't give it 100 percent thumbs up. I would say its a solid 85 percent.
B0014DWEEC A little thin, but works well for purpose. I bought as a gym jacket. Something to wear to the gym and after. I often keep wallet and keys in jacket so wanted something with zippered pockets.It works well. Won't offer much warmth in the winter, but just to get to car should be fine.
B0014DWEEC okay fit wanted it a little closer fit for a medium. i wear most medium close fitted.. this felt like a large.
B0014DWEEC Perfect! My husband has broad shoulders, and a very strong upper body. So the fit is sexy! I will say Puma is however made for TALL people. He and I both bought this jacket with the matching pants and both of us had to return the pants because of the length.
B0015R1DMQ Puma Infinite Men`s Pants I like these pants, but like the matching jacket they can create a lot of static at times.  I prefer my athletic pants to have the zip at the bottom of the pant leg for convenience and style but these work out ok.
B00160EGW6 bad company I ordered the white and blue speed cats pictured at right. You may not see a picture of them here. But wheFn teh shoes arrived they were navy blue suede with a baby blue swoop. The price was the same 60-70 as you would pay retail. So I thought, rather than ship them back, I would exchange them at the Puma store. There the clerk told me they had no such speed cat in stock and the ones I'd brought in, sold for 40 dollars. Not wanting to drag this process out longer, I traded them in paid the extra 35 to get the navy blue and white speed cats I'd ordered and walked away, 100 dollars lighter, wiser, and wearing a pair of wonderful shoes.
B00160H91Q Great copy but poor quality It was probably made in China or some other country.  It's very stiff and I've worn it once, I ended up donating it few months later.  Don't be fooled the imitators are very good.
B001735DH4 Cheap and ugly! I ordered these for my husband for Christmas, and they looked like I bought them from the Dollar Store and put a Puma sticker on the side. They are CHEAP looking, I wouldn't recommend getting these!
B0017QEVJ2 Live it looks much better than in the picture. It is one of those items that, in person, have greater presence and impact. I bought it as a gift, but I was about to get it to me.It is a beautiful watch and works without problems, perfect for casual occasions.
B0019EYMUK Just OK These shades look OK. I was a little disappointed with the cheapish feel to them, however they are keepers. If you are searching for a high-end pair of shades, look elsewhere.
B0019UBUD6 Great Product I'm very happy with this purchase, I was pleased with details that you cant notice in the picture. Very refined item.
B0019UBUD6 Pumas tough enough for the gym and the street Zelus exhibit the Puma style as well as any in the current line.  They provide good equilibrium in the gym and are tough on the trail.
B0019ZOXRG Weelspin Puma Thank's for sending them out so quickly. But,my searchwas for little boy's wheelspin Puma and this is what I paid for,instead my Grandson rec'd girls shoes.
B001AZI6WI fast service not only did I find my Clydes in a color that is very hard to find, the shoes arrived at my door (from west coast to east coast) in 10 days! I love my shoes!
B001B13GDK LOVE THESE CLEATS Very comfortable, especially if you have a wider foot, i was in-between these and the AdiQuestra Cleats by Adidas, i ended up going with these because of the fit, size runs true, i can wear a 10.5 or 11, got these in 11.....perfect. Not even fully broken in yet, but really pleased considering i only spent $20 on them :)
B001B50KC6 Comfortable enough for an Occupational Therapist's daily work shoes Well. It's used daily for an occupational therapist's daily routine at work. It's fashionable enough to blend in with other work shoes. It's good enough to work standing up all day long. It's constructed well.
B001B516CE Would have been four if Stupid footlocker got the colour right!! the white is nice but really not what I wanted. Bleh couldn't be bothered to return it especially when I live all the way in Trinidad and Tobago.
B001B516CE Nice fit I had to buy a couple of pairs of shoes online since I had no access to the stores and so I followed the advice from other buyers and got a slightly larger fit.  I knew Puma's fit snug anyway so wasn't surprise.  Now that I have wore them several times, they've stretched a little and fit very well.
B001B516CE bad I buy the black shoes and you send the white ones and i dont live in usa and now i have a product that i dont want!!!!
B001B516CE Long Walks I wore these on a trip to France. They looked tremendous, but were very painful after days of walking. They also have very little arch support. Other than those downfalls, this is a  great product
B001B51W64 Very comfortable It is my second Puma, i love to use them because this models are very confortable ans light.
B001B51W64 Puma Puma shoes are the ones for me. They have outlast all others that I have had in the past. I've been waiting for this voltaic style for quite a while. I had this style shoe in high school but from then on Puma didn't have that style any longer, And it is back. Thank you
B001B51W64 The best ones i have I must say i like this ones more than any other i have, they are confortable, is not a common one, so everybody will be telling you about them and the cool they look. They have like a reflect part that shine when is dark or when you look at them from diferents positions, They are the best arsenal i have, if you buy them wont regret for anything.
B001B51W64 Shnazzy Sneakers! Great price, looked elsewhere and it was more money. Shipped very fast. The sneakers are pretty HOT looking. Bought these for my husband and he loves them. True to size even with his wide feet.Just gotta be careful wearing them in rainy weather. Will get dirty pretty fast b/c of the fabric so he doesn't wear them as often as he could b/c of the weather lately. Did get a tiny stain on the toe area and it came clean with some Shout.
B001B51W64 Really comfortable I absolutely love my new Puma's.  First off, aesthetically, they are really cool.  you can see that in the picture.  Secondly, they are extremely comfortable.  They have this special "Cell" pad right underneath where your heel goes, making it feel kind of, erm, springy and bouncy.  It makes running feel good.[...]
B001B524YI Toya's review Hi Everyone,This item i bought is great. I've been looking for this kind of Puma's for awhile in stores. I never founf them untill I went on Amazon.com. They are comfortable and are cute to wear w/ capris and shorts. Thank you Amazon.com!!!!
B001B524YI Puma Women's Repli Cat I am very happy with my purchase. Not only are they comfortable but they look good as well. I have gotten many compliments on them. At my job I have to stand many hours of the day and my feet never give me any problems definetly a great buy.
B001B524YI Woman's Runningshoe The show is very pretty, but the hard plastic back rubs blisters on my heals and I can't use the shoe to run, nor walk. I tried different socks (thick, thin, cotton, acrylic, ...) and also taped my heals to break the shoes in - didn't help.Pretty but useless :(
B001B52K0Q Stylish and comfortable For one, let me start this out by stating exactly what I bought and how much I got it for. I bought the Black/Steel/Acacia version of these Puma Cell Meio L shoes, size 11, for $41. I have no idea why these shoes are so cheap. The CELL sole technology splits the sole into small air-filled chambers which compress differently based on weight distribution making for a more comfortable walking experience. It's comparable to Nike Shox, but better executed and better looking. As for the aesthetics.. the top of the shoe has a faux crocodile skin look, and the sides are ribbed pleather with holes for ventilation. My only complaint is that the inner sole shows though the see-through CELL outer sole, but this is minor.Overall, the shoe combines stylish looks with track-shoe performance.
B001B52RGI gold blooded bought these for the Gold Rush Rally (car rally) this year, and now i wear them all the time!photo is true to product , these are comfortable and durable! I love them
B001B52SDK Retro classic; Style with comfort Been wearing this for 3 weeks now, and it only gets more and more comfortable everyday. originally i bought it for light workouts and casual wearing, but im starting to wear it everywhere i go. whether it's out for dinner, or to a meeting, or just hanging with friends. you never want to take it off.
B001B52UFG The best PUMAS, if you ask me. The Replia Cat II is my favorite casual shoe. They are very low profile with thin soles, but somehow manage to be incredibly comfortable. I tried on a pair of Repli Cat IIIs at my local PUMA store, but they didn't seem as comfortable. The "L" in this shoe's name seems to mean they are leather (no "L" in the name means suede). These shoes came in multiple color combinations, so you should be able to find something to your taste. My favorites are white with orange detailing. The shoes run slightly small, so I order one size up with good results.
B001B52VLO Sharp little sneaks! I love these Puma Speed Cats. I was able to get them in white w/ pink which is my favorite color in sneakers and I can't believe the great price that I got them for! They have a very sleek design and the detailing is beautiful. They only need to be worn a few times to break them in. Very good deal!
B001B52VLO Pretty in Pink I was dubious about ordering shoes on line.I was worried about fit and quality.I am simply amazed at how perfect these Pumas fit and the quality is the same as the Pumas I bought in department stores and paid a premium price .They are beautiful and I will order many more from the Amazon site.A+++++++
B001B52YSO Ugly pair of sneakers I just received these sneakers today and plan on returning them later. Very cheap sneakers for the cheap price. The leather (or I think they are) tongues are very thin...paper thin! The material is cheap and so are the soles. I would look around before I Buy these.
B001B534PQ Excelent design I bought these Puma sneakers for fitness club use, but I like them so much that I use them in every day life alsoThe only problem is that they are too closed and I think they will be hot in summerBut the design is excellent and I like them  a lot
B001B55MZQ basketball shoe Bought these for my physically handicapped son.  They are so easy to put on him.  They are well made and his feet are supported well.
B001B57ZN8 So comfy! These flats are the comfiest shoes ever from the moment you put them on! These other reviews arent kidding when they say that it feels like slippers. I have the silver with green trim ones. It's not my preferred color since I dont have much clothes that match with the green, but they were on sale from Amazon for $20 and the silver looks good.I have some issues with its absorbency of sweat though. It's probably my fault for not wearing socks sometimes, but they dont feel that comfortable after a hot day. And my big toe is kind of funny in that my toe nail points upward more than normal so it always feels a bit tight around there. This is an issue with Puma shoes in general for me though.Overall, it is a great, comfy shoe. True to size.
B001B581IQ Classic and Comfy I don't wear sneakers often, but when I do, these are my go to. I had a hard time finding them, was happy to find them here.
B001B869Y6 Great infant shoes! Lightweight pumas are the way to go with infant/toddlers just learning to crawl and walk.  They are so lightweight and look so stylish, they are perfect.
B001B8C7YW ehh Its alright, very poofy. The color isnt the best and it makes a trashbag noise every time you move it.
B001B8G1A8 be aware I ordered this backpack because I liked the styling and figured small meant that this is not an oversized backpack like so many of them are. No. This is a miniature backpack, so if you expect to fit anything in it besides maybe a small stuffed animal, you're mistaken. This will not fit your textbooks and certainly not your laptop.  It is 14" tall and 10.5" wide.  It appears sturdy and has nice styling but other than that, is basically worthless for me.
B001B8G1W6 LOVE IT I simply LOVE this bag. I bought it about two years ago and use it every weekend when I go away to my house about an hour away. It is sturdy and very cute! I drag it on the subway and it goes back and forth and STILL looks the way it did when i first bought it! I DEF RECOMMEND this product!
B001B8HO40 a bit boxy in real This bag looks good on picture. But, it is a bit boxy in real. It makes me feel like carring a small pillow.
B001CHCC0G I love's me some Pumas! These shoes are great!The silver on them give's a little pop without being to far over the top.I've had a couple of people comment on how cool the cork effect soles are.
B001CHCQBQ Very Cool! These Puma's look as good on my feet as they did in the advertisement.  The heel rides pretty low, but stays put and is not even noticeable after a few minutes.  The size is accurate, but people with wider feet will have trouble with these.  I would definitely buy these again.
B001CHCQBQ sharp shoe i've gotten several compliments and they are very comfortable.  puma's rock!  ;)  &lt;they're big in europe as well>
B001CHCTMC Womens Puma Runners All the other runners I own have size 7.5us in them, as i am in Australia I couldn't try these on so it was a bit of a gamble but I bought the 7.5us size & they fitted perfectly. I managed to track down a second pair & bought them as well. LOVE THEM.
B001CHCTMC The perfect everyday shoe I have gone through 2 pairs of these (in 4 years or so) including walking all around the UK, Scotland and France in them. They are perfect. They fit my feet snugly, rarely get dirty, and match almost every outfit. I haven't had a problem with them ever -- except that the heels of the soles get worn out after about 2 years of hard use. I'm getting my third pair tomorrow and would recommend them to anyone and everyone.
B001CHCTMC Finally found my perfect pair of Pumas! After trying the Etoile and the Repli Cat I finally found some Pumas that are comfortable and low profile enough to wear with skinny jeans.  The Etoile had a weird hump in the middle of it rather than just an arch where there should be one and the Repli Cat was just flat with no padding for the ball of the foot, both were quite uncomfortable.  This shoe, however, has a removable insole which the others don't.  Key word is removable though, since it's paper thin and not good for being on your feet for long periods.  I'll be replacing the insoles but other than that, nice shoe.
B001CHCTMC Awesome Sneaks I bought the Puma sneakers.  They look great and feel wonderful.  I have to say that Shoemania is wonderful too -- my item got here so fast, it was like i had paid for the overnight express shipping.
B001CHCTMC Careless CSR i was sent a defected sneaker all three times, plus a wrong size. I had requested an 8 and was sent a 7.5, agian. first 2 orders they took care of it prompt but i havent heard anything from them in a week and have been emailing at least 6 times.
B001CHEG9G Airport Convenience While it's not why the shoe was probably designed the slipper-style design is great for the airport. I travel a lot for work and these are perfect for easy on-and-off at airport security, just keep them tied and slid them on and off.They're great looking, but I don't use them for any athletic activity.
B001CHEPW4 Can't get much more classic than these As an old school b-boy going through a mid-life crisis, these are the perfect item to make me look like a guy in his 40s trying to relive his youth.  These, or the old Adidas shell toes were the only shoes to rock back in the day.  Yes, they are very comfortable and they also can still be used to b-boy if so inclined.  Received this item the day after I ordered it!  Plus they give you the added advantage of being cooler than anybody else at the indy rock show.
B001CHEPW4 The Freshest Kicks They arrived within the fortnight,In an undamaged box, the right size and with all the lacesthey were meant to come with. I was made aware of any chargesway before i bought the shoes so i knew exactly what i was getting.Well worth it.
B001CHEPW4 Puma Men Suede sneakers Everything I had ordered that week with the Puma sneakers. All came on time and packaged properly. I have no problems with my products and arriving on time.Thank You,Cindy Oliva
B001CHEPW4 bad quality. don't know why Left shoe got a hole after 2 months. First time something like this happen to my Puma's. Other ones were okay.
B001CHEPW4 Not like I remember I became a fan of the suede Pumas in the early-to-mid 90's, they were absolutely wonderful, but then I couldn't find them anywhere until now. Unfortunately these are not the same shoes I remember. The tongue is a thin piece of fabric (I remember the tongue being filled with cushion and being fat). They also just don't "feel" the same (I remember them being loose fitting).I didn't have a pair in the 80's but they seem like an 80's style to me.
B001CHEPW4 r&eacute;ception des Puma Suede Bonjour a tous.Je suis enti&egrave;rement satisfait du vendeur.Puma Suede command&eacute;es le lundi 16 mars, et reues aujourd'hui, lundi 22 mars! livraison plus que correcte.Commandez sans crainte.
B001CHER90 80's Flashback and Happy Husband My husband wore these shoes in the '80s as a teeenager and was thrilled to have them again.  He says they look and feel almost exactly like they did when he was a kid, so he is happy.  I was happy to find them here, because this color combination was hard to find anywhere else.  While I may not so sure about them, my husband is proud of them.  Maybe I'll get some leg warmers and play along.
B001CHER90 exactly what i want I've purchased the same pair over and over. Love them. Durable, clean and exactly what I want. I buy the white on white BC I'm in the carpet business and they hold up while not leaving marks on the carpet.
B001CHER90 Stylish but uncomfortable. I know they come in different sizes and all, but these shoes hurt my feet more than any other brands.  I like the design of the shoe, but at my age, I'm looking for comfort more than anything else.  I also have another Puma that fits the same uncomfortable way that I purchased b/c it was on sale.  I wear it just for style when it goes with my outfit.
B001CHER90 Great shoes! My brother loved these, they fit perfect! He says they are ver comfortable and he thinks he looks cool with the white and felon orange!
B001CHG1YY beautiful, but no support. beautiful shoes, but like Converse All stars, no arch support or comfort. Feels like you are walking on cememnt. might be great for your kids or teens who aren't too heavy, but my knees and feet hurt.
B001CHG1YY puma sneakers I like to wear the retro sneakers.  The sneakers I bought definitely are NOT the quality that I used to get. They are not as comfortable, the suede looks poor and the look is not the same.
B001CHG1YY Puma is good I like it, the materials are perfect like every original Puma stuffs.Only be carefull with size the 8 is like 8.5 :/
B001CHG1YY Swaged Economical and stylish . What more can i say these shoes are awesome, i also have these in black and white.
B001CHG1YY The real deal! These shoes are effin sweet! If you wear retro jordans, buy these 1 size smaller, ex. 10.5 jordan, buy 9.5 Puma!
B001CHG1YY Lovely Its light..  The best sneakers for breadancing
B001CHG1YY Funky - gets the ladies to look I've had many compliments from the ladies at the office. If that alone isn't enough, the skaters at the skate park thought that I, a 38 year old balding man, was one of them. I managed a couple of sweet tricks, but had to leave early 'cause I tweaked my back. However, the walk back to my house was very comfy.
B001CHG1YY WHY DID I CHOOSE THIS RATING Ever since I was a younger guy playing soccer I use Puma products and always get very good service and quality, even today I am still very happy with the quality.Thanks Puma.Regards.Anthony St. Louis.
B001CHG1YY Retro look is awesome! I had a pair like these back in the early 80's so I couldn't resist trying them. The quality is good and the suede is very nice. Only thing I wish they came with laces the color of the dark blue suede so the red stripe would stand out more. They do come with both red and light gray laces but the gray laces don't look right to me.
B001CHG1YY Quick-fast! I ordered these kicks and two days later they were here! For the few of you out there who have been die hard B-Boys and B- Girls for over 2 decades, you know that some suede pumas with the phat laces are a must. During the day it's shiny suit syndrome and once the sun sets, dress fly for real! Great price, speedy delivery and nice merchandise! Propers!
B001CHG1YY Classic Kicks I used to rock Puma Suede back in the day and love the fact that I still can!! Great color selection and crafmanship make this a kick a** shoe!!
B001CHG1YY Pink Pumas Except for a little too small we are very happy with these sneakers.The color is great and they appear well made.
B001CHG1YY What I expected. The size is a little larger than I am used to, but the shoe is top notch. The suede upper is much better than the canvas or nubuck that's used in a lot of the newer pumas.
B001CHG1YY puma is the best Sent them back cause they were to big but I love them... I'm gonna reorder them soon, but in a smaller size now.
B001CHG1YY Classic Pumas The best thing is, you know exactly what you're getting with these classic pumas. Comfortable, durable, stylish. I've been wearing these for years and years, and will continue, especially with the discounted prices on Amazon
B001CHG1YY Love 'Em, Hard to Keep 'Em Clean I like these shoes a lot, but what I didn't take into account was how noticeable dirt and water stains would be on such a light gray. It's not that big a deal though, I just bought some suede cleaner and proofer, and they are better now. I would recommend proofing them as soon as you get them and clean them reasonably soon after they get dirty, because the cleaning method with a brush sort of ruined the suede just a tad after the dirt and such had been left on for an extended period of a few days to a week.
B001CHG1YY PumaLife I like the pumas but they run a little big. The shoe is very fresh and comfortable. Might purchase a few more
B001CHG1YY durable comfortable style these are great sneaks, durable and very comfy. they do fit a BIT small compared to other puma's so take that into account
B001CHG1YY smiles Good business wii like to continue to do more with you in the near future have a wonderful day God bless
B001CHG1YY Perfection!!! Amazing all around shoe's. Get compliments all the time by friends when i wear them since i have about 5 different pairs in different colors and planning to get more. Definetely recommend them to anyone, Puma is the best. :)
B001CHG1YY shoes are perfect i ordered these for my wedding for my husband and groomsmen, they are all perfect and just what we wanted.
B001CHG1YY Good Customer Service Partly my fault, but for some reason this was sent to my house instead of my office. Change was made.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe! Love pumas.The Olympian blue sneakers are actually a lot darker than what the picture shows, but I like it a lot better.Have gotten a lot of compliments on them.Amazing shoes.
B001CHG1YY Too large for me. i expecting its gonna be fit but its too large for me..i want to mail it back and change the size, if possible ?
B001CHG1YY knock offs First off i never write reviews bout in this case i just have to say: do not buy these! I have been wearing Pumas for 20 years and these are not real pumas. All of my shoes were made in Indonesia and lo and behold when I looked at where these were made, they were made in China. definately not authentic. After 3 times of wearing these, the suede ink was running and the white stripe on the side of the shoe was an off white color that looks dirty. Very disappointed. If you want these shoes, I would recommend going to the Puma website and purchase them there.
B001CHG1YY Enjoy them Love the feel of them. This come with two sets of shoe strings  which I like too to fit my mood
B001CHG1YY Got them as a gift Unique color, very clean, and fits true to size. The person I got them for loved them.
B001CHG1YY So Fresh and So Clean Great things about these shoes:  looks, comfort, and quality.  I cannot recommend them enough.  These are my first Puma's and it is like a whole other level of shoe.  All I gots to say is no one better scuff my Pumas.
B001CHG1YY Am returning them Inside seam on left shoe was rough and not finished on the inside. Also the pair sent was marked wrong in the paperwork. Shoes sent were 7.5 instead of womens 9.Rating 2
B001CHG1YY Unisex.  That was the big alert. Like Time magazine found out in 1979, men and women are different.  I didn't read the fine print about sizing and received some EU fitting bad shoe that smelled like cheese.  If my feet ever go on a diet, these are the shoes they are going to want to fit in.  If they want to go on a walk, they will want better shoes.
B001CHG1YY Old school classics Just like the Pumas I used to wear when I was younger.  Well built, comfy and good looking.  More Words
B001CHG1YY Bboy shoes Over all got what I wanted came with an extra set of shoe laces so that was cool. The only problem Is that it might be a little shade littler but that's it, great for bboying and great for every day use
B001CHG1YY You really cant go wrong These are the best retro shoes.  Growing up I always wore Chucks and Vans but as an adult I have moved the the Puma because they keep my feet warm and are really comfortable to ware around town all the time.  The other thing is they are not too obnoxious when having food or drinks in a restaurant.
B001CHG1YY Sweet These fit perfectly and make just the right statement at the lumber yard where I work selling windows and doors to all my guys. Being the only woman on the sales floor, I make my statement where I can. These fit the bill.
B001CHG1YY sizing the mens 6.5 says it fits a womens 8 but Im actually an 8.5 (sometimes even 9) and the mens 6.5 fits and is actually a little roomie.
B001CHG1YY I wear a 10 1/2 men and when they arrived it was a 9 men. The wording in the label is misleading if you're looking at it quickly If I can return these and get men's 10 1/2 I will give this a 5 star review but wording was misleading.
B001CHG1YY Classic I wore these 40 years ago in high school.  Still a great shoe and if memory serves, the price is about the same as 40 years ago!
B001CHG1YY AAA i had 5 pairs of this black classic suede since i was a kid up to now. this shoes are really for the 90's kids.. oh yeah
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe I had the dark blue one from many years ago. Lasted a long time and was very lightweight and comfortable. Finally decided it was time to replace it. Unfortunately this blue is much lighter/brighter, but I couldnt find the dark blue one anywhere so I settled with this one. Not sure if its because my old one was really old, but this one feels even better. The padding feels really good, kinda like a gel-like feel. But dont quote me on that. Arch support could be better but its fine. I dont have problems walking around in these for long periods of time. Im happy with it
B001CHG1YY Loved them My husband ordered these sneakers and he just raved about how much he loved them. Color, size, all exceptional!! He will definitely be a repeat customer.
B001CHG1YY Superbe PUMA !!! In French...L'article est conforme a la photo.Le cuir est de bonne qualite, finition soigneeChaussure tres confortableLa couleur noire est superbeExcellente paire de chaussuresMerci
B001CHG1YY Truly the classic in every way.  That is good and bad. This is a very interesting product.  When  these  sneakers were introduced back in the 70's they were a breakthrough in style, comfort, and technology.  My assumption (always a bad thing  to do)  was that Puma preserved  the retro styling but upgraded the technology to current standards.  Not so much.  The foot bed and support system are straight out of the 70's.  It really isn't a very great show by current standards.  In my case I upgraded the product with excellent aftermarket insoles with  better support.  I am happy with the  resulting combo but folks should be aware that  this is  exactly the same shoe  that  you could buy back in 1972 or '73.
B001CHG1YY Fit as it looks It was just what I wanted fit comfortableyes indeed I am going to order a next pairand I will recommend to my friends
B001CHG1YY classic What can I say, It's Puma suede classic man. I owned one in 90's and just got in Olympic blue color. How can I describe? Comfy, beautiful, cool. Do I need to say anything else? Just get pair, you won't regret!
B001CHG1YY Puma These Puma classics seem like a good shoe. Would have to add, the green stripe is more of a mint green color. They were a tad bit big so my son has yet to wear them.
B001CHG1YY MISTAKE I AM A GIRL!BUT THIS SHOES IS FOR MEN!!!AND THE SMALLEST SIZE IS 39!!!STILL TOO BIG! I HAVE TO DO RETUREN!
B001CHG1YY Fly as hell, especially for the price! These things shipped super quick with my prime account. 2 days after ordering I was wearing them on valentines day. They fit better than most of the other shoes I own and the color scheme and trim is ever better than the pictures let on. Will def become my daily rockers.
B001CHG1YY this are AWESOME! If I told you that my students just stared at my feet and couldn't stop telling me how much they loved the sneakers, I wouldn't be exaggerating at all. These shoes ROCK! The only bummer is that I've only been able to wear them a few times as the danged snow and slush would ruin them. Looking forward to spring!
B001CHG1YY Got these for Retail work and wow they are Eye-popping Pros:-get 2-3 compliments a day-comfy-very good qualityCons:the suede material is susceptible to stains (haven't experienced yet)
B001CHG1YY Classic b-boy shoes. As a b-boy, you can never have too many Pumas. Always reliable, comfortable, and stylish! They usually last for awhile too and stand up to the wear and tear.
B001CHG1YY can't go wrong! The only difference i noticed is the tongue seemed a little longer, like the Adidas sambas. but still a great buy!
B001CHG1YY Comfortable as Heck! Always loved Puma as a kid to play basketball in.  Saw these and thought the price was rally good. They arrived within 3 days.  At first wasn't so sure about the color scheme - comes with both black laces and white laces - ended up opting for the white and loved the look.  Took these to Florida to visit my Dad - he is a walker and I walk with him.  Walked close to 5 miles a day in these and barely knew I had anything on my feet.  Really comfortable.
B001CHG1YY cherry tomato is orange. I thought tomatoes were red not orange. I did not expect orange shoes I wanted red. Now I have to buy or an go clothesto match spending more money than iI saved.
B001CHG1YY Only lasted a year Shoes were comfortable and fit well, but the sole of the right shoe split open after less than a year of use. Low quality construction.
B001CHG1YY Blue stripes? These shoes have some weird blue crap on the stripes.  I'm beginning to think they are counterfeit.  Compared them to a pair at Sport Chalet, and they do not look the same at all.  Now that I have been wearing them a couple weeks I'm sure I can't return them.This is the 3rd lame purchase Ive made through Amazon lately, and honestly, I'm tired of returns, and the B.S. involved.  I think my days here are numbered.
B001CHG1YY AMAZING I would like to start by saying that it was my best purchase to date. They fit great and were delivered on time. I've already recommend this site to my co-workers and will continue to purchase more. Keep up the good work&#128522;
B001CHG1YY Still look well made for the price I used to love these sneakers. As I hadn't been able to find them locally, I bought a pair when I saw them on Amazon. As they were only available in D width I was a little concerned. I was right to be concerned, and while the construction seemed to be the same, my feet have apparently spread out. So while I was able to get them on they were a little snug. That being said, they probably would have streched out, as they are made of suede. So I sent them back. Some things you just have to go to the store for
B001CHG1YY Ascertaining sizing I had to study very hard to ascertain what was the best size to order as there was much conflicting info on the net. However, they fitted a treat luckily. Very pleased with them.
B001CHG1YY Comfort Comfortable good size. Work well for what I need. Fit the leg brace I wear as well flat bottom tred does not catch on carpet.
B001CHG1YY P1mp! What's should I say about these other than they're pretty fly! These come with 2 sets of laces, orange and black. Use the black!
B001CHG1YY need different color if there same price I WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE THE COLOR MAYBE A RED OR A GREEN COLOR I WILL PICK THEM THE SAME SIZE!!!
B001CHG1YY I've never been more pleased I had this pare a couple years back and loved them. Once you wear them in they are as comfortable as socks! The materials and craftsmanship is really good for a shoe that's around $50. I decided to rebuy them and I wasn't disappointed.  Fit's great. Even for having wide feet. If you too are like me just wait a week they should conform nicely to your foot :) I'll probably buy these again next year.
B001CHG1YY classic kicks I did not want to look old or dorky with boat shoes, but needed casual footwear for the weekend.  Still fresh!
B001CHG1YY Classic Suede Classic shoe for your wardrobe - goes great with jeans. Very happy to find these Puma in hard-to-find size 14.
B001CHG1YY Plum Crazy These Sneakers are awesome and take me back to my childhood when this style just came out. They are a great knock around sneak!!!!!
B001CHG1YY Gets dirty very easely Nice looking pair of shoes, but gets very dirty after ONE party. Keep in mind. I'm not disappointed, but still cant give 5 stars for them.
B001CHG1YY Red Puma suede Good looking shoe. Runs a bit short though from overall length standpoint. Also pretty flat. You also ask for too many words to describe the condition.
B001CHG1YY I like them, but not completely comfortable I usually wear a 10.5, but with PUMAs I get 10's . I like them, but find them to be less comfortable to wear than my other PUMAs
B001CHG1YY only the best exactly what I wanted and in a very reasonable time! couldn't have asked for anything more. will definitely order again.
B001CHG1YY CAN'T GO WRONG WITH CLASSICS!! These Puma Classics are DOPE!  The quality and feel is just like I remember from back in the day.  The all blue colorway looks way better in person!  If they have your size, get it - you won't be disappointed!
B001CHG1YY Well made and beautiful color The color is exactly as depicted.  One side fits perfectly.  The other is a little tight.  They were well-priced, so I will try to get the right shoe widened a bit.
B001CHG1YY Great Product and Service Everything was just as described, and came on the day promised!  I'm very, very satisfied with the whole ordering process!!!
B001CHG1YY Puma fan Pumas seem to be both the most durable and comfortable shoes I've gotten in years.  I was a big Vans guy, but they wore out too quickly.
B001CHG1YY My new fave shoe... I bought these because I couldn't find my favorite Speedcats anywhere (are they discontinued?) - I also bought some Ecco sneakers at the same time and have to admit when trying on one of each shoe they Ecco shoes are way more comfortable support-wise BUT for what these are (I mean, I'm not running a marathon here) they're perfect.  Love the colour (hard to find women's sneakers that don't have pink or purple on them) and how they look.  Size felt accurate.
B001CHG1YY Awesome shoe Very comfortable and looks great. Your friends and co-workers will be so jealous when you show up wearing these things: they'll totally freak out.
B001CHG1YY Always comfy I've destroyed a handful of pairs of these shoes.  Once with blood from being hit by a car.  Once from hopping out of a cab into an ankle deep puddle.  But they are without fail comfortable, and sleek.
B001CHG1YY like like but is too large and no sent color I want sent diferent color and I cant usedbut ok
B001CHG1YY best sneakers going These Pumas are my go to sneakers. They are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. Lightweight, fashionable and fun!
B001CHG1YY Fresh They came quick and they look fly.Just need more colors of Puma suede in my size to add to my collection.
B001CHG1YY Just right These are as good looking as they are comfortable. Perfect. The suede seems pretty durable too, no scuffs or marks yet.
B001CHG1YY Puma Classic Suede Sneakers Sneakers brought me back to my childhood. Had to try these sneakers again due to it's good looks. Sneakers fit perfectly and were extremely comfortable. Glad that I bought them. Sneakers felt as comfy as when I had them as a kid.
B001CHG1YY perfect these are the perfect fall sneakers, grest style and comfort. I wear them every day to the gym, they are warm
B001CHG1YY Waited a long time for this color I am a PUMA Suede addict and have been looking for years for this color. So happy to find it
B001CHG1YY Fit like a glove First time trying these shoes since the early 70's and Clyde the Guide so what goes around comes around.  I have a wide foot and was only slightly worried these may run tight but several commented that they stretched out in short order.  To my pleasant surprise they fit like a glove right out of the box and I can't wait to show them off to my brother when I visit soon.  I think my nephew will be most impressed.
B001CHG1YY Nice looking but not super comfortable I bought these because they were on sale and they looked pretty cool. I was very excited when I got them. I put them on and instantly noticed how uncomfortable they were. I made sure the laces were pretty loose and tried again, still uncomfortable. I will give them a little longer before I say they are awful but I remember Puma's being a lot more comfortable a decade ago.Also, I normally wear a 13 (US) but I had to buy 14 (US). Puma seems to make them a little small.
B001CHG1YY Oh Yeah.... Totally stoked..Beautiful retro....Very comfortable...Reccomend to anyone who wants to look DOPE.......:)!!Come in several flavors..Already orderd the Black Ligas.....Sweet..Bad ass...Get em....
B001CHG1YY Old Friends These shoes have been on the market for years and have established themselves as outstanding sneakers, reasonably priced, time tested, reliable, and always in style.
B001CHG1YY cool colors This is an awesome shoe. It is very comfortable, the color schemes goes well together. This my third Pumas and it feels same as ever when I first purchase my first one, consistent and never fails.
B001CHG1YY just ok It may be because I'm much older now, but I remember these being a lot more comfortable in the 80's. They are  a little tough now, will take time to break in. Looks good though.
B001CHG1YY Comfortable and cool Nice fit, finish and comfort.. The suede is good and the white trim looks neat.  Welcome bonus to receive two pairs of laces - one white, one grey.
B001CHG1YY Rowr! Comfortable, sturdy and stylish. One really can't go wrong with Puma's. The colors are vibrant and the classic style will never die.
B001CHG1YY Classic sneaker with true fit Been wearing Puma for many years. Historically leaned more toward the California and GV Special shoes with a little beefier sole profile. The Classic+ sole is a little more uniform in terms of detailing and height variance. Comes with two lace options, which is always nice. I'm a little more drawn to the red laces in terms of color, but--interestingly--its a fat lace. And once I had the red threaded into place felt like it was a little too much. The blue is a more subdued, typical-sized option that still looks terrific with the shoe and makes the Puma stripe carry the flash.
B001CHG1YY Shoes are cool and reasonably priced Cool like lemonade.  Could use more arch support, but such is life.  They may be hard to keep clean, but just a price you pay to wear grey.
B001CHG1YY PUMA SHOES They were a gift for my Grandson, they fitted perfectly and he was very pleased they were just what he wanted.
B001CHG1YY Looks great on outside, rough on inside A little rough on the inside. I got a couple of blisters to prove it from the exposed stitching inside
B001CHG1YY no cushion They are not a cushioned as I thought they would be. I like the color all black though. And I thought they were going to be smooth leather not sued
B001CHG1YY I ordered 2 more pairs of these.  Best shoe ever ! I searched high & low for these shoes !  Finally found them on AMAZON !!!!  THANK YOU !!!!!!!  These Puma's are like walking on marshmallows !!!
B001CHG1YY Need more colors in my size, 8 I ordered the classic black in 8, I'm looking for more colors since a month but they never come!That's why I rate this 3 stars, it could be 5 but the lack of different colors is annoying.
B001CHG1YY Shoes I will be sending them back after I am home from vacation.  They were to small and the wrong color.
B001CHG1YY Old School Cool Old school at its best!  Fatty laces were a welcome addition. I wore these in High School and they still are way cool.
B001CHG1YY Perfect...great service Fast shipping...just what I wanted....the best shoes ever one could ask for in this lifetime...everyone is jealous of my old school Pumas
B001CHG1YY classic shoes classic shoe in a classic colorway comfortable clean design goes well with anything the red /white ones are next on my list
B001CHG1YY They were a gift for my brother. He said ... They were a gift for my brother.  He said they were too long so I have to send them back.
B001CHG1YY Too big, misleading color Too big, suede was far more faded out than the image led me to believe. Did not receive the product I purchased.
B001CHG1YY To the Puma fans Very pleased I was worried the sizing would ruin my hopes of returning to my styling of puma days .....I grew up watching Clyde Frazier and wore I them in HS in 70's, they are very classy and a  dressy for a sneaker ....I ended up buying 3 pair Black Suede, and new Earth Brown and a White mesh style, very comfy so far but haven't wore them enough to offer a full review...
B001CHG1YY wrong color and not new i bought them because my man has been wanting them for a long time now so i decided to buy them for him and when they got here they were the wrong color and they did not look new at all so sent them back and to make things worse they did not even credit me back the proper amount. hated it!
B001CHG1YY Throwback Buying this pair of sneakers takes me back to the 80's and makes me smile whenever I put them on.  They fit well and I act like I did in the 80's, I do not wear them in the rain and I have a brush for them.  These are exactly what I was looking for.
B001CHG1YY Good shoes and require good care I love the bright red color and the comfort of the shoes; however, the extra white laces provided are extremely wide making then useless to me and the suede material is prone to nearly permanent staining and damage if not cared for very well. In general, I would recommend these to anyone who isn't planning on anything too athletic and seeks a lighter colored shoe with reasonable comfort.
B001CTKFYE As shown in the picture These Puma flip flops are extremely comfortable and there are no hidden surprises. The colors are also very vibrant. I'm really pleased with my purchase.
B001D1DURU Big and Bold Unlike many other black-band watches, this one has a very distinct look with it's rose gold-toned case and hour markers making it a tad dressier than average. Great overall color combination highlighted by the red accents on the bezel and surrounding the chrono dials. Large black dial is subtly textured with small squares and is extremely easy to read with the contrasting white hands and red/white second hand (which only works when the chrono is engaged - the actual second hand being one of the sub dials). Luminescence of the hands is about average - doesn't retain the light like a Luminox or similar, but is readable at night. The date window is very small relative to the size of the face. The nicely textured (small squares with the word "Puma" embedded four times around) rubber strap is a little stiff, but not uncomfortably so, since it is shape-molded for the average wrist.  Overall, a great looking sport-dress watch.
B001D1FY8S Great Watch This is by far one of the most interesting watches I have.  What I like about it most is the lack of hands for telling time with.  The rotating disk that it uses instead of hands.  Everybody that sees it has nothing but good things to say about it, after they get over the inital shock of figuring out how to tell time on it.
B001D1HBAM Great watch This thing is no doubt an eye catcher, however, the material is easy to get dirty, and hard to clean. Also a small thing about the thing is, it self advertises by scrolling across the screen when inactive. Other than that it has its uses.
B001D1HBFW reclamo well I make a purchase grabbing 6 months and I get my product to my country I want to receive any response from the store .....
B001D1HBPC looks great but impossible to tell time If you are looking for a style not too bulky and huge, this one may be for you.  But if you need the watch to tell time, the design is pretty poor because the 2 solid black plates that covers the numbers mostly except the very edge from the bottom for hours(hours and minutes) has a little square opening so only when the openings landed on the center of the numbers, then you can see it.  When it's in between numbers, you can barely find the opening or do I have the patience to spend over 10 seconds or more to figure out the time.Also, although wrist band is plastic but has a good heavy gauge feel and doesn't bother my skin.  It will be hard to slide the band in and out the buckle, so I 1st put the pin through the hole (skipping the 1st loop from the buckle) then slide it out at the other end of the buckle.  It stays in place because the end of the band has a raised lump to prevent the band comes out.I have many watches for fashion and looks purposes, so not too big an issue for me if I can't read the time...and that's why I rated 3 stars.
B001D1HBPC Puma watch It's ok, but I would like more information about item about exactly color, caracteristics , etc.Discount its very good, and I receive my purchase in an optimal time.
B001D1J6S2 Very Disappointing I recently purchased this watch and was happy with the way it looked but have to agree with the other poster.  I can not stand to wear it because it continuously scrolls the following Puma Slogan: "Get all the attention, get the latest, dress smart, think casual."  If you're interested in the time of day you have to press a button that shows the time for 2 minutes before returning to the slogan. Can you believe a team of very sophisticated people are paid handsomely to come up with this stuff? I'm embarrassed to give it away to anyone who is not affiliated with George Orwell.
B001D1J6TQ Beautiful but the back light doesn't work At least the one I got, the backlight is not working. But it is beautiful.
B001DANNF0 Great experience I got my Puma boots earlier than expected, Joel put together the package and it arrived unscathed. Mind you they are in the U.K. so please understand that the distance is long. I've ordered products 4 times and each time my items have arrived in great shape. I highly recommend them!
B001DERS7K Great Hoodie High quality, beautiful hoodie. Zipper works great, draw strings on the hood have no issues. No complaints
B001DTWO1A Very comfortable and light, but also light on features These shoes feel great on my feet; definitely the most comfortable cleats I have ever worn.  The upper material is very thin, and the overall feel is very light and sock-like.  Despite the thin material, they have so far (about ~ 1 year of use, playing 1-2 times per week) not had any durability issues.The biggest issue with these shoes is the lack of grip when trying to put spin on the ball.  The entire upper is fairly smooth, so my crosses often lacked the curl I was hoping for.Overall I think this shoe is a good value, and is extremely comfortable.  It could just use a more grippy upper.
B001DVP10E Great for artificial and grass (dry weather) I love these shoes and I hope they don't stop making them.  There are lots more and slightly shorter cleats than on regular soccer shoes which makes them perfect for artificial turf fields as well as dry weather, short grass fields.  I don't have to buy more than one pair of shoes.
B001E1EJ1U Loving the Old School!! Had a pair a long time ago and thought it would be cool to have it again!! Loving the old school!
B001E1EJ1U Look counterfeit.. Started cracking at first wear. Logos look suspect. Wouldn't wear them when going to an actual Puma store for fear of being called out.
B001E1EJ1U Junnior but woked for me I have PUMA sneakers and get them where ever I could get them with discount. Those ones are perfect feat and funky colors just as shown on the picture. Description says blue, but I think it is more of purple/blue just as on the photo. The sole states size 4 1/2 which is my usual size with puma (I am 7). Before ordering, I went  to puma's official website and did size conversion and it worked. Thank you for the promotion on KIDS SHOES at that time I got them at very reasonable price.
B001E1EJ1U absolutely love it i bought these for my 6 year old for the new term and immediately upon opening the packaging i loved it....looks very high quality and durable
B001E1EJ1U The Best TENNIS shoe for kids I believe these are the best shoe for your kid if they are off to play TENNIS! or all day at a camp. Super "in there" and Sturdy!Only thing not so good is that they can't get into them so easy because the laces are tight and thus locked in place. Unless your kid can loosen their own laces, no problem.Worth it I think for no sprained ankles.
B001E1EJ1U Too big it arrived in time and new but it was a few sizes too big. Apparently the size charts were incorrect. My son hasnt used it yet. Waiting for his feet to get bigger.
B001E1EJ1U ALL WHITE JUST RIGHT! I SO LOVE PUMA'S NOT A BIG FAN OF ALL WHITE SNEAKERS BUT THESE WAS A MUST HAVE FOR SPRING/SUMMER!
B001EIJJN6 Decent shirt Shirt fabric is really comfortable and color is true to the photo.  I bought a large but it's pretty big--more like an XL.
B001EIJJN6 Great shirt Fits well, and the cotton polyester blend is soft on your skin.  Wish they had more colors so I could buy more
B001EIJJN6 I like it... A little big in terms of sizing. I ordered a medium and have had to wash/dry it a few times to finally get it down to what I typically expect a "medium" to fit like. But other than that, I love the shirt! Very comfortable fabric that is nice for exercising/working out or even just wearing as an every day shirt if you wish... Great buy if you are obsessed with Puma like I am!!!
B001EIJJN6 Wear it all the time I love this shirt... I should've bought a million of them when I ordered this one, but I played it safe instead.  It's a thin fabric without being see-through.  Kind of silky texture to it too.
B001EIJJN6 Like it Product is comfortable, light and easy to wear. The only problem I have with the shirt is that it is longer and wider than I expected. I usually wear an XL shirt but by the looks of this one I would have been better off with a L.
B001F7AZ4S Do not buy from Amazon!!! I learned the hard way that if you return a package they can cut $20-30 from what you paid claiming "re-stocking costs" and other lame excuses.Be aware of this!
B001F7AZNO It's not Puma, it's Pimp :-) Nice quality and light shoes for my baby son. Definately more for show then real use, but it doesn't mean that the baby can't wear them for daily use. It's also a great gift for a baby's father who's into cars :-)
B001FA1RGU They stay on! I love these little kicks... They go on quickly which is essential when outfitting a squirmy little one.  I like the faux laces which make them appear a little more "grown-up".  My son has them in yellow and all the other mommies at the park pay him compliments on his jazzy little sneaks... They also stay on his chubby little piggies which I cannot say so much for his red Chucks (the back of those are just too low - plus they lace which I don't recommend even though they are adorable... I digress...)These Pumas also wash well - threw them right in the washing machine in one of those little "delicates" bags so that the Velcro would not highjack one of my knits and they came out like new...These are fantastic for your little love bug that is just on the verge of walking - highly recommend!!
B001FFGNX2 Puma Men's No-Show Sport Socks These were a requested Christmas present and so they were well-received.  I assumed that since they were on the recipients requested list they have been used in the past and liked very much.
B001H0EV7K Puma Flippy-Floppys Love these. I am a big Puma fan and this was my first pair of Puma flip flops after 20+ pairs of sneakers.I am reviewing this primarily to say that these are very slightly oversized. In the 24 pairs of Puma sneakers I have had in my time I have always been a size 10 (one 9.5) and they have always fit wonderfully. These flip-flops are a size 10 but fit more losely than I would have normally wanted. I am okay with that but I just thought I would throw that out there for people to know.
B001H0EV7K Comfortable and serve their purpose in a sexy manner I have come to expect great quality from the Puma brand, and that's what I got with these flip flops. If you want something you can easily slip on and kick off, as well as enjoy comfort and style, look no further.Having said that, frankly I would rather pay less for a flip flop, but I'm paying for the brand essentially. Rest assured these aren't cheap pieces of rubber or plastic, though. There are three layers of platform material and the straps are nice. If you can afford the brand, go for it. It also may be worth noting thePuma basic sandal, which appears to potentially have even better support and comfort, is cheaper than the basic flip flop. I find that peculiar.Moving on, I brought these on vacation to Jamaica and I actually spotted someone else with the same exact pair. They were from Europe, proof that Puma is everywhere. We may have been the two most fashionable people on the beach! I'd say you can wear these flip flops just about anywhere - at the beach, at home, at work - but let me warn you that the thong post between your toes can become uncomfortable after awhile. Also, even though the outsole has somewhat of a grip, you should be careful on slippery surfaces. Other than those two caveats, these are comfortable and serve their purpose in a sexy manner.
B001H0EV7K Best comfy flip flops I love my flip flops. Even though they are for men as a woman, I always love this brand. I bought these to replace the old ones. The Seller did fabulous and I am happy when sent to me so fast and on time as promised. Great Seller and the product of great quality. They are so comfy.Thank you and I have, once again, HAPPY FEET.
B001H0EV7K PUMA Basic Flip Flops These flip flops are simply the most comfortable you'll ever wear. The strap is made of a delicate material, the dont rub or irritate the skin and last for many years. I still wear my other pair from 8 years ago! Truly, these are very good and comfortable shoes. Especially during the hot Australian summer, where I live.
B001H0EV7K Always been a fan of puma These sandals are great, lasted a long time, they are also great for the beaches here in MiamiPuma always makes top notch products
B001H0EV7K Simple Elegance These are one of my all time favorite flip flops for men.  Too bad Puma does not make these anymore.  I'm glad that Amazon still sells some outdated products.  They came in a variety of colors, and I used to wear my black and yellow ones every day of summer for about 2 seasons.  They still work fine, but are getting a bit tattered looking.These are really comfortable, give no support, and are incredibly lightweight.  Also, don't plan on wearing these in the rain, as they do not grip well.
B001H0EV7K Flip Flops My son was thrilled that I found these. It isn't always easy to find larger sizes. Puma is his favorite brand and flip flops are his favorite summer shoe.
B001H0EW0Q PUMA MENS BASKET BRIGHTS SNEAKERS BOUGHT A PAIR FOR MY HUSBAND HE LOVES IT, THE ONLY THING IS THAT IT NEEDS A LITTLE BREAKING IN THEN ITS FINE, ALSO PUMA IS HIS FAVORITE BRAND NEXT TO ADIDAS, HE GREW UP 60'S AND 70'S MY HUSBAND IS OG FOR LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANKS AGAIN AMAZON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B001H0EXP0 Best  Puma's I've ever owned 3 pairs of Puma California I have owned blue, black and light blue. all of which lasted 2 full summers with some light fall and spring usage. Great shoes! I have to go up a size with these because they are a bit small compared to other pumas like my clyde's.
B001H0EY2C market saturated, cheaply constructed. These shoes appear to be yellowing - literally yellowing - on the shelves in stores all over New York City.  I don't know what they made the white part of the soles from, but they should consider changing it because it actually turns yellow with age like the plastic on an old computer, except apparently much much faster.I can't speak to their comfort, however, because Amazon/FootLocker sent the wrong size, so I had to return them to a FootLocker that had stopped carrying them.
B001H0F26O Sleek as a cat, sexy as Megan Fox! After wanting a pair of Puma shoes for over 25 years...I finally got the Puma Drift Cat II perforated leather shoe. What happened when I first wore them outside? An attractive woman complimented on them! Since then, I have been getting compliments left and right from men and women alike. This sleek, sexy shoe oozes good looks and comfort. Just be sure to get a HALF size larger than normal. If your feet are wider, even go a full size larger. Simple....done! I wear these with jeans, shorts and even my scrubs at work in a hospital...and they still never fail to get compliments! The oil and slip-resistant soles are also a huge plus, and the rounded heel offers driving comfort for hours behind the wheel of my Porsche. After all, its a motorsport-inspired shoe!
B001H0F2ZU Great shower shoe I purchased these while I am in Afghanistan. They are durable and excellent for the shower. I walk in rocks everyday to the shower and latrine and have not problem whatsoever with these. GREAT PRODUCT.
B001H0F2ZU Outstanding The product was recieved on time and I did not have to contact the company.
B001H0F2ZU OK, but prefer Under Armor version True to size.  Vents for water drainage work.  Only criticism is that the plastic is pretty hard, which makes them a bit slippery.  Definitely not for scrambling around in.  They come off climbing stairs.  Too hard a footbed for someone who, like me, is constantly fighting stone bruises.
B001H0F42Q Stylish looking but does not fit as well The shoes is very stylish looking, but it does not fit as well. I am going to wear it more frequent, and hopefully, it will will stretch out more, and fit better. Overall, it is as stylish as the photo shows it.
B001H0F42Q Completely Satisfied I had been looking for this particular style of PUMA shoes online for about 2 months. I finally found it & in the right size, on Amazon & promptly picked it up.I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that they delivered the product well before the estimated time of delivery, I think almost 2 days in advance.The shoes were also in great condition & just they way they were pictured on the site. I also received a coupon from the trader / dealer for an off season sale on other shoe brands.Overall, I am completely satisfied with this purchase.
B001H0F42Q Look better in photos, heel rubbed badly I purchased these for alternative work shoes as they looked dressy enough for my business casual atmosphere. I was excited when they arrived although they looked much better in the photos. When I put them on, one felt somewhat loose but you can attribute that to the single crossing Velcro in place of laces. I wore them to work and noticed immediately in the parking lot that one of them rubbed against my Achilles tendon. It was unbearable as I could not leave my office for most of the night, and I have a job that requires me to check on staff periodically. Its really too bad as these shoes are pretty fancy. Perhaps I just had a bad pair since only one rubbed. Shoemania has been great in offering an exchange or refund, without incurring additional shipping costs.
B001H0F42Q Ripped after a day of use The stitching on the right foot/toe area ripped open beyond repair. I guess it was an old forgotten pair of pumas due to dried out peeling leather. Not worth it.
B001H0F9T4 Color scheme complements a reliable design. What looks like suede is actually smooth leather. Am impressed by the color scheme (grey and black) in this Mid design, with the black patent leather application as a brilliant touch. Same fit and feel just like any flat soles of yesteryears (the first air jordan is one). If you want a pair that you can wear, is an eyecatcher, and unique, this is it.
B001H0F9XA looks great but not so comfortable my fiance picked these out for himself and LOVED the look. Comfort was a little disappointing. He said that there was very little arch in them and since we work on a concrete floor, his feet ache before the end of the day.  For short times, they are fine but all day, not so much.
B001H0FBCY crap I bought these shoes for my son and after the first day wearing them, they already show signs of wear....after a week, they look like he's been wearing them for a year.  I'm sure he is rough on them, but jeez.  I wouldn't buy these again.
B001H0FDZ4 puma missed this time these are the most uncomfortable sneakers I ever bought, they are going to sit in my closet forever, they were a waste of money. Very disapointed in puma this time!
B001H0FFQG Ran at least two sizes too small Ordered these before a year ago but thie line has changed and these ran at least two sizes too small.
B001H0FFQG Shoemania Rocks Puma's! My wife ordered a pair of Speed Cats for me for Christmas and I just love them!! They came quickly and in pristeen condition! They have become my "Every day shoe" and are perfect!!Thanks Shoemania!Marty M.
B001H0FGMY Great! I actually bought these at the end of 2010 I believe, and I still haven't even worn them. But, I've worn this same style of Pumas before and I loved them-so I don't see why these wouldn't be amazing as well.
B001H0FGWY Perfect. All nicely done, the product is just as seen on the website and was delivered on time.
B001H0FHEG Simply one of the most comfortable shoes! I ordered this item on March 24 and received them on my birthday (the 30th). This is also after I selected the free shipping with the 7-10 business days, and they were shipped two days after I placed the order! They were almost instantly broken in and are simply one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned! I was in physical therapy for knee surgery up until a few days ago and I ordered these shoes for that occasion as well. I wore them the next day and every appointment following and constantly received compliments on them (I own the beet purple). My family also comment on them all the time as well. I couldn't have asked for a better shoe and better service. THANK YOU!!!
B001H0FHEG Warning, Don't wear them off-road I don't always want to walk on the pavement, which makes these shoes a bit of a nightmare.  I've had them for about a year.  While they are very comfortable (why I bought them), they easily get gravel and dirt caught in the rubber sole (it has little extensions as you can see if you blow up the photo).  The problem isn't just that dirt gets stuck, but that it gets unstuck.  I stopped wearing these except on pavement after tracking rocks, dust, and clods of dirt into more than a few different places (really embarrassing since it comes out while you walk, leaving a trail of guilt).  If you stay on the pavement or indoors, these would be great for you.  If you plan to walk around your backyard or an unpaved park in them, beware.
B001H0FHWI Sexy but they really are for RIDING! Really sexy shoes except they aren't for everyday wear unless you want to 'click clack' around. I must have not seen that they have metal on the bottom or the product specs didn't include this. Durable shifter area so you don't ruin them easily.
B001H0FJIU Like a glove I bought these shows online after not wearing Puma's for almost 20 years.  At first, it was a familiar fit...TIGHT.  But after a few days of breaking them in, the soft leather relaxed and now they fit like a glove.  I love my shoes and get compliments on them often.  Can't go wrong with Classic black and white Pumas.
B001H0FKG6 Elegant Yet Comfortable The title is a quote from my girlfriend, whom I bought it for.  These fit like ballet shoes and yet are stylish enough for an evening out.
B001H0FM3M Ok, but not worth the money. These look like they would be super comfortable.  I had trouble with the insole moving around when walking.  Very strange.  Had to send them back.
B001H0FMQE great product Thanks so much!I recieved this product super fast and Im a soldier in Iraq...They are really comfortable
B001H0FMQE The best Im writing almost 4 years after the purchase but i want to say im still having this shoes and they are so comftable that i want another one love them
B001H310F8 Cool Shoes I'm wearing them now! very comfortable, a little duck-footy but in a cute way, not a whole lot of support but the insoles are surprisingly soft and comfortable. A great casual shoe that gets lots and lots of positive attention. People will stare.  People will ask you if you made them. Overall a great purchase for a good price
B001H311HA 917 Puma Amazing, the photo shown of these sneakers do not do them justice. They are amazing in person such vivid color
B001H31B3E Not bad. These shoes can take brutal punishment! For any B-Boy, we know that shoes don't last very long when they are on our feet. However, I've had the steppers for almost 1 1/2 years and they have stood the test of time. Especially when they are exposed to the elements such as rain (The great northwest of america). Unfortunately, they did rip after 1 1/2 years of hell. I would literally dance, run in the rain, walk on mud, etc all in one day. but they still kept strong until today. There is no doubt in my mind that Puma makes quality products . But anyways, i am for sure getting another fresh pair! Once they get my size back in stock! I give them 4 solid stars. I just wished they could have lasted for half a year more!P.S They are up to par with puma suedes in terms of b-boy shoes.
B001HOET00 Great shirt Bought this as a gift and my son-in-law absolutely loved it...it fit perfectly and it was a Christmas gift and it was appreciated.  I would suggest that others can give it with confidence.
B001HX37RC Love Puma as always Reasonable price and fashion leather finish! One little reminder. It got no hidding slots or pockets for tiny items inside, so anything could scratch your laptop that without protection. This bag is also a bit large for a laptop in my case.
B001HX37RC Awkward bag... Although the color and material is good ,it's Way too big and looks awkward.I decided to buy it as a gift for a friend,first when I looked at the pic it was great and the price was reasonable but when I received it ,I was disappointed with the style,I'm wondering these stupid designers at Puma don't think about the stuff they design ,its too thin and almost two feet long ,rectangular shape that the only thing you can put in is paper or 20 inch laptop (if someone has one).I only recommend this if you are a mail man!!
B001ILSEVC Sold as mens wear I bought this in the Mens wear section, only to find that it was a female jacket.Evidence by the zipper being on the wrong side.The material was very flimsy.I returned it and got a refund.
B001J2POA4 it was difficuit but it is easy to change time and to change modes I found to chane the ime or mode the touch screen has to be it was difficuit but it is easy to change time and to change modes I found to chane the time or mode the touch screen has to be activated
B001M4EAWW Comfortable and stylish. I purchased these for one of my sons for Christmas.  I purchased his normal size, 12, and they were a perfect fit.  He says they are extremely comfortable and they look very nice.  They came with black and white shoelaces.
B001M4EAWW I have been wearing Pumas for more than ten years ... I have been wearing Pumas for more than ten years straight.  Nothing other than, for tennis shoes.I ordered my size and I could barely get my foot into this shoe.  Order large.
B001M4G0ES $75 WASTE!! We gave it 2 stars only becuase they appeal to the eyes. I bought a pair for my fiance...she wore them once and haven't wore them since. They are not comfortable at all they dug into the back of her ankles, leaving a permanent scar.
B001NXBU34 Nicer than the photo Very cute shirt.  What you cannot see in the photo is that around the puma cat is glittery on the front of the shirt.  That makes all the difference to my daughter.  The more it sparkles the better.
B001OOMN9W Squeaky These shoes made squeaky noises after a while. Very annoying. Seemed to get tighter on my feet...so get a half size up.
B001OOMNDI Perfect The sise was perfect and the colors too. It was all i was withing for. I really like this shoes
B001OOMOM8 Not the color I was expecting I returned them because the color that is shown in the picture and the actual color are two different shades. The real color is not lemonade but a really bright off yellow color that I did not find appealing. Next time I will buy bright Pumas from a store where I can actually see them.
B001OOMTXW nice I bought this for my girlfreind and she liked it very much. It is pretty simple and does not have alot of support for your feet so maybe not the best choice for walking around all day. It looks really good on her feet and I quess you can't go wrong when it comes to PUMA.
B001OOMUF4 Too shiny The shoe size was too small than expected and the color was too shiny than what you see here. I was expecting more subtle colors.
B001OOMXTW Husband liked these for his birthday! Bought these for my husband for his birthday. He is not much of a hipster but these definitely bring out that side of him! :) He loved them. He said the soles are hard so you probably couldn't spend a ton of time walking in them if you were traveling or similar, but these are more fashion sneakers anyway. Overall they were comfortable and fit true to size.
B001OOMXTW Less than six months old. First off, I love the way they look, but they just don't stand up to normal everyday wear. Plain and simple.
B001OOMYA0 Just came in yesterday They came in yesterday and I bboyed in them all night. They didn't hurt my feet which is a plus and I will be updating as I continue to use them. :]] So far they are a pair of sexy shoes
B001OOMYDM Sunday shoes for dad. Comfortable, fit just fine. Can wear them with anything. Help the feet rest...That's what he has to say about them.
B001OOMYDM durable. durable and lasting. good brand. classic shoe. wear my old ones to work and they hold up better than most others.
B001OOMZNQ Puma is unmatched There are many words you can say about such an excellent shoe, it is better to try, I recommend it with my eyes closed.Comfort, beautiful design, excellent fit, and color is unmatched.
B001OON0AS Nice flip flop This puma flip flop is a good one. I would definitely buy another if I had to. Leather is durable, and its built strong.
B001OON26U i wonder how? i will love to be able to review them, but even though i have the right picture, the right order, and the right description. they end up sending me something else, which i end up 'keeping then, thanks to the trouble that will made for me, returning something back from one country to another one.
B001OON332 These are smooth... The black w white trim and bold PUMA on the back looks ruff. You also gotta have that strap on there to just leave unstrapped to hold up ur pants and rock the shoe right.
B001OON40E Save your money for something better I bought these sneakers (first and probably the last Puma shoes)at local Puma retail store for 80$ and within 3 months of moderate use, the upper clothing portion near the ankle starting ripping off slowly on both sides on left as well as right pair. This makes me question the quality of the material used. I don't know if I can get them returned or exchanged or probably just send mail to Puma directly complaining them about the quality.
B001OON9DQ Great comfort, though more loafer than sneaker Not sure how "racer" is appropriate to this shoe; certainly they're not like any track shoe that I've been familiar with in the past, both long and recent. But as casual wear footwear this L.I.F.T. Racer is actually pretty sweet. Extremely lightweight and airy, though I likely wouldn't wear these in chancy weather given the large number of breathing holes at the back of the shoe and the extensive use of mesh on the top and tongue surfaces. The loud colors of a couple of its versions (I got the yellow ones) does take a bit of getting used to for more conservative tastes, but overall I'm impressed by the overall comfort and wear of these. They definitely wouldn't be my first choice for sporting activities like running or basketball, but it's a bonus that they're flexible enough that I could do either of these activities if a dedicated pair of athletic shoes wasn't handy.
B001OONB66 puma men's speed cat These shoes are very comfortable and i really like the style, my only problem is that its suede and like suede its really easy to dirty and hard to clean so be careful or go with something else if thats a concern
B001PEW7L0 Grandsons LOVE them My two grandsons will only wear these Quater Crew sox, and they love the color options. Most kids don't mention their sox to grandmom, but these two loved that I sent them.
B001QC2DNS These cleats are the bomb! These are hands down the lightest and best-fitting cleats I have ever owned.  I use these for ultimate frisbee.  Great traction, super lightweight, and these cleats dry out really really fast when they get wet (less than an hour).  The textile upper conforms to wide feet nicely, and without a long break-in period.  The carbon fiber foot bed gives great arch support and seems to add a little extra punch to your first step (good energy transfer from foot to ground).  These are also a big improvement over the previous model--the toe is better reinforced, so I expect these to last a lot longer.  Not sure about them as soccer boots, but for slinging plastic, they are awesome.
B001QDEV1E Puma Trikot Track Pant I did get excactly what I ordered and the size fits my husband what's makes me happy too. The time to deliver was okay and I have nothing to complain.
B001QDEV1E Puma track pant The sweatpants came in great conditions and very fast shipment, although the sweatpants were a little too big for me i can work something out to fix them.
B001QDEV1E Finally, pants that fit! I'm 6'2", which may not sound extraordinarily tall, but in the world of running/workout pants, I am Gulliver.  For those of you looking for long running or workout pants, you've finally found them.  I used to work in a gym so this type of pant was a work uniform item.  I've spent more time than most looking for pants that didn't end right above my ankle, like most of them do.  It appears that Puma cuts their pants longer than most manufacturers because since I've received these pants I've ordered a different pair of Puma pants and they also are long enough to work for me.  Thanks, Puma.  My long pants prayers have finally been answered.Besides that, the overall quality feels very good.  They are a heavier pant, probably not ideal for running in summer heat, but I'd always rather have them be heavy and durable than light and flimsy.
B001QDEV1E Nice fit I am also 6'2" with 34W36L. The lenth of these was plenty with a little bit extra. Don't fill like I am wearing high waters. I am pleased that I did not have to order XL in order to get this length like the other brands require you to do. I would by these and probably other Puma track pants again.
B001QDEV1E as ordered i would order again! they fit well and they are exactly what i ordered.. well done.. a bit on the long side but not a big deal
B001QDEV1E Bougth along with the matching jacket Puma Men's Tricot Track JacketIn my opinion it is a bit large for the matching M jacket but probably it's just that I'm too short... heheBut anyway quality is Puma... nothing more to ask for (Well, still I would have liked it to be made in Germany instead of Cambodia but still is good)
B001QDEV1E SO NICE This pant are so confortable the material are the best qualityfit perfect I buy one small and is true the size little bit longbut that is easy to fix in general is perfect in every way .
B001QDEV1E Puma Tricot Pants I'm so glad that I was able to find the matching pants to a Puma jacket that I had bought last year. They shipped quickly and were in excellent condition.
B001QDEV1E greeeeat Yup, that's right. Tony the tiger likes these pants. They are about $15 cheaper than you'll find in soccer stores.
B001QDEV1E Large Is Long I bought the complementary jacket at Large and it fits my 42R frame perfectly, however the pants at Large are a bit baggy and long. My waist size is in the 34-36 range and I stand 5'11" and weigh 195 pounds. Both the pants and jacket really look sharp and feel of a high quality.
B001QDEV1E Lookout for defective products Nobody expects a defect from a giant sports company like PUMA to sell. The track pant I received was left unstitch about 2 inches and it was after going to gym for workout I realized the defect. It was very embarrassing.
B001QXC7R4 High Quality Construction Bought the jacket in large size and it fits my 42R frame perfectly. The construction is of a high quality and looks very fashionable as I consider exercising in it.
B001QXC7ZQ Love 3/4 pants I'm a huge fan of puma clothing and the style. But be aware of the sizes because they are not accurate.
B001QXC9Q8 These run LARGE! The quality seems okay, but when they say large, they mean it. I did look at a size chart, but it didn't match my tape measure, to be sure! If I pull these up so that the crotch is at a comfortable height, the waist band is only 3 inches below my armpits!
B001QXDVQU My teenager likes it Got this for my 15yr old to go with his puma shoes he is still enjoying it.
B001QXDVRE green giant Puma is a great product.  But their pants were made for giants.  They seem to be much longer than the other athletic brands in the same size (3 or 4 inches).  Great if you're a tall person.  Not so much if you're not.
B001RJEGEO unbelieveably comfy This shirt is so comfortable ... if it come back on sale, i will get some more ...
B001RJKCRE Purchased as xmas gift I bought this as an xmas gift for my girlfriend. She was very happy with it, and she wears it all the time. The color is brighter than the picture, a real eye catcher. And the jacket seems to be of a high quality. Thanks, I was very pleased with my purchase.
B001RJM58I nice but material is too thin for me I like this top, its cute and a good length. But the material is very thin and stretches way out and I found it did get pretty baggy. Im 5'9" and normal size and bought a medium initially but it was really loose on me so i exchanged it for a small. Even that still feels a bit baggy too. Personal preference of course but I like a heavier material that feels like its hugging you a bit more.
B001RJNNSO Good fit & comfortable I was a little bit skeptical at first because I'm pretty short and was afraid that these would be too long.If you are looking for a decent pair of shorts to work out or jog in, I highly recommend these. There is a small zipper pocket in the back that fits the keys to my gym locker, and that's coming in really handy.The overall quality of these shorts are also excellent.
B001RJNSLG i like it i pay this  for my wifeit realy goodthanks puma :)
B001RJNSLG Love it! Great T. Close fit, not baggy.  very soft.  like the slightly faded look. Big fan!
B001RML5IG Okay, but not the best design Bought the cleats new in box. I was disappointed in the inking of the brand on the bottom of the insole. The first day I wore them, the red ink smeared and came off onto the bottom of my socks. In addition, the design was not the best for PUMA. The stitching on the side is right around the part where your feet bend to run, so the stitching is very likely to come apart there due to everyday wear and tear versus cleats that do not have that weave in that spot. The cleats also need more support for our instep. There doesn't seem to be much cushioning for your feet, so you would have to buy additional soles to put inside them.Overall, for its price range, you can definitely get better. I like PUMAs in general, but these cleats, besides looking spiffy, will not last very long.
B001SAP2CW Beautiful shoe, but not very comfortable Only worn for about a week.  The show is gorgeous, but ultimately uncomfortable.  Caused pain to my arches and I ended up buying barefoot shoes, which have been helpful.
B001THMHVI Love it. My fiance has two pairs of these pants and wears them constantly.  They are the perfect length for him (he's 6') and they are very comfortable.
B001TS53BI love for looks, not for comfort i got so many compliments on these everytime i wore them. BUT the sole wears out in them quick. once the sole wears out, they start giving blisters.
B001UQ6VYW great as part of a gift I bought this for my little nephew as part of his Christmas gift - perfect for the price!
B001VH6SZ2 Excellent shoe I wore the original PUMA Baskets when I was in school and these are an excellent upgraded version. Very comfortable and arch support is still good as are all shoes by PUMA. The only thing missing in this new version is the PUMA stripe is smooth leather instead of suede like the original.
B001VH6SZ2 Highly recommended I am very impressed with the price I paid for this item. I bought it for my brother and he thinks its lovely. He gets alot of complement when wearing them. For him, it is very comfy!!
B001VH6U6Y comfortable Very confortable and breathable material like canvas or cotton and the desighn on them hides the dirt because there white.
B001VH6Z5U incorrect size i paid for 8,5 US and they send me 8,5 UK wich is 9,5 US, they are boats for my feets!
B001VH70GS lite review Material man made. But product is as claimed, light good cushioning. Used for cross training(plyometrics, short sprints, jumping rope) very comfortable. Size runs true
B001VH736K nice pumas! I bought these pumas as an alternative to the NIKE air max 360's. they are very comfortable, but try not to use thick socks with them cause the are a bit narrow. they are great for plyometic workouts since i use them for insanity.
B001VH7E3W Blisters The shoes look really sharp but I've had them for a month now and every time I go run I come home limping with terrible blisters all over my feet.  The bottom of my toes, the back of my heal... my blisters have blisters... I've tried wearing band aids but I get blisters under the band aids.  My adidas never gave me problems like these and I loathe to go running in my new shoes because even as I speak I have two huge blisters on the bottom of my left pinkie toe.
B001VH7OL4 great shoe At 1st they felt a little strange but after a few minutes I loved them, very comfy. I wear them to work.
B001VH7P54 Excellent product This item to buy it for a friend, which I am very pleased to see it, loved it.
B001VH7Q5S Favorites bought these shoes years ago, were some of my favorite pairs ive ever used. Thinking about possibly buying some again. Very comfortable.
B001VH7QS0 Great for Zumba! I bought these for Zumba and they are fabulous. The shoes have the "pivot-ball" on the bottom and a sole that provides enough traction that you don't slide all over the dance floor, but not so much that you'd hurt your joints. I found them to be more comfortable, flexible, and lightweight than the other brands I tried on (for example: Nike). They were very reasonably priced and it didn't hurt that the black pair matched my Zumba pants. Love the shoes!
B001VH7RWA Great arch support I bought these at DSW and knew I would be buying them the second I put them on because they actually have an arch support unlike most shoes and feel perfect. They can't be slipped on without untying them first and the laces are prone to coming undone but considering how great they feel, its not that big of a drawback.
B001VH7UQS fun boots These boots are lots of fun. The red is bright. They are pretty comfortable. I've used them for hiking and for just following the kids around. They work better for easy going activities as the sole is a bit slick for wet hiking trails. They fit more like a rubber boot than a tennis shoe. My heel slides a bit. So far they have been warm enough but I've not had the chance to take them to the snow yet.
B001VH7UQS love the boots...if they weren't knock offs! these boots were amazing until i realized they were knockoffs!!! i own several pairs of pumas and purchased these on amazon, wore them twice and realized the decals on the side were STICKERS!!!! and are falling off!!! these are not authentic, beware of seller!!!
B001VH7ZL8 Coming up SHORT GREAT design! CHEAP-ly made! (not the seller's fault) RUNS SMALL!!! I purchase a lot of things here on Amazon. Read all the reviews, and normally quite content. Even thou they are cheaply made, I love Puma's. If these sneakers would have fit comfortably, you would have never read this! Good Luck, & buy it bigger. ;0)
B001VH80JE ok...picture is a bit misleading Good quality kicks, however the picture is a little misleading. I was hoping they would be as glossy as the picture, however they are a little on the matte side. Get compliments all the time though.
B001VH81PM OMG................:-) I bought this as a gift for my girl friend for her B-day i was a lil unsure at first but when i got it,it looked Great....OMG so good that i had to reorder 2 for her sisters as well an they all love them....... and there a steal at this price
B001VH82M4 puma the best i really like this sneakers very stylish and comfortable , not recommendable to walk on the snow they get cold so fast.i know the werent made for that so it was just a thought i love them ,right size right fit good sneakers over all a bit pricey but i got them on the cyber monday $20 off i know good dealthat is all i can think of right nowjust get them if you like them
B001VH86U2 Great fit and style These shoes are some of the nicest looking I've ever owned - sleek appearance and smooth.  The fit is just right now that they are broken in.  They look cool with jeans or cords and have become one of my favorites.
B001VH8968 LOOKS GOOD BUT FITS BAD I always loved to own a pair of PUMA branded shoes and this one was my first buy. It looks exactly the same, as in the picture but they were very slender for my feet. Anyways, I tried it on, but it left my feet with bruises every time I wore them. This shoe is definitely not for women with slightly board feet. My friends loved its look and that is the reason why I give a rating 3 else it would have been 1/2 star.Advice: Be double sure about your feet size before you buy this 'little' black flats.
B001VKXF6Y Puma, Baby, Puma Puma has become my new favorite brand of sneakers.  I love the comfort and quality of this product.  From here on out, I will always buy Puma brand.  These sneakers look great and feel amazing.  I have tried many athletic shoes in the past, but Puma brand, by far, has been the best!
B001VKXF6Y Squeek strong, lasting and supportive shoe. a bit of a squeek when walking (from the leather) but not a big deal.
B001VKXHI0 Too small, bad finishing I bought this tennis and the material and finishind are too bad, the size didn't fit, I couldn't use it.
B001VKXHP8 puma the shoes are great and paid much less for them than at the mall.  Would definetly use this place again.
B001VKXJ6U comfy and look good, not durable These babes fit true to size, have good traction, and comfortable like sneakers.Problems: the laces get untangled all the time, the boots soak up water and salt, they are not durable - I wore them one season only and the lining is already torn inside and they are covered in salt marks that are difficult to get off suede.
B001VKXO10 Puma Speed Cat 2.9 Krazy Sneaker The Shoes are very nice, and well done, No troubles about that.!!My only problem is that they have a gray line over the Black "Charol" (I don't know if that the name in English) and you can appreciate in Amazon's pics but very subtle.. the things is that they are not so Subtle line, is almost Gray with black.!!
B001VKXP7S Hard Shoes are very hard uncomfortable material is not very Good hard too my f&eacute;retro and didnt LiKe it Wont buy again
B001VKXWW6 Sweet for the price Needed white casual / tennis shoes - with my tall build, "basketball" shoes work best.  These are BRIGHT white, folks, with light silver detailing.  Because of fit, will rarely buy shoes online - but had to at least try these...for the price: with free ship and NO tax, easily saved about 30 bucks over what I'd pay retail here....when they're on sale.  Didn't matter about the maker; except for New Balance, they're all made in Asia.  The padding inside (a BIG worry) was suprisingly substantial - especially near the ankle area.  They seem to get more comfortable with each wearing.  The ONLY negative was the length of the laces: they are NOT long enough to actually loop through the eyes and secure up top with a knot with ease.  (NO prob for me - wear them untied and they are mos def secure enough that way - and, as stated in lace length, the ends of the laces are only about 2-3" outward (so they won't be dragging on the ground)).
B001VKXX20 Gets worse and worse with time They're a pretty good looking shoe, however they look awkward on my wide feet. The one piece tongue really has to stretch wide and ruins the proportions of the shoe. I've had the shoes now a little under a year and they look like a mess. The mesh on the toe is impossible to keep clean. Even worse is the plastic on the toe. Once it's scuffed, it won't come off. I've used everything from mild dish soaps to abrasive chemical cleaners; nothing works. For those of us that like to slide on our shoes (come on you know you do!) they heel will quickly be destroyed. They were kind of comfortable at first. Now after two hours my feet get sore. After a 10+ hour day on my feet, my feet were sore 2 hours in and even the next morning. I wore my equally as old Timberland boots the following day and had no pain. These things are headed for the trash as soon as I find a good deal.
B001VKXX20 beautiful are pretty comfortable and the only thing is it came in a box a bit heavy The article said he weighed 2lb which is not really so weighs 4lb and says the final weight would be good to accommodate it or send it in a lighter box.
B001VKXX20 Comfortable they are definitely comfortable stylish they even make you a bit taller. but if your one to not take care of your shoes properly when your out and about [like me] they will dirty very easily. they have this soft plastic at the toe that looks very nice but if it scrapes, the dam scratch is pretty much permanent. even an accidental scratch against a curb or a wall or anything is irreversable.
B001VKXX20 HEE-HEE These shoes are awesome HOOOO ya chicka HOOOO. I love them. Ya they rule thought seriously they look pretty good but make sure that you get them in a big size
B001YG5LZ8 circasurvive1356 I really like these shoes. They are very comforable and I like the style. I like everything about them. I guess the only complaint I would have is, the shoe doesn't hold up well if you get caught in the rain. They look a little beat with the weather. I would think that the name PUMA would mean they should be good enough quality to hold up for some time!
B0023B26JW Ultimate Rock Star Boot Every time my DD wears these, every single person comments on how much they love them.  And she loves them too!  They are the perfect boot for the little rocker in your life!
B0023NUR96 Stylish and well made Love these shoes and so does everyone that sees my little toddler wearing them. Would certainly recomend them.
B0023NVE1G Good for skinny feet too My son got these for Christmas and I love them.  At one year old he is only 18lbs so I have found that alot of shoes are just too wide.  The velcro going in opposite directions helps to be able to make them tighter and makes getting them on easy too.
B00260HM8U Excellent! I bought this item for my son and well, what can I say? He has put it on test every time he uses it and the "shirt" is in good shape. For him is very comfortable and excellent to play outside on hot days or just to use it at home. You won't feel regret if you buy this one!
B0028Y4QHO Puma Women's Agile Pant These are really well made, but they run small at the top of legs. I have real thin legs and they are tight. They are not as loose at top as pictured.
B0028Y4QHO Excellent quality-have lasted years! I can't even remember when I bought my first pair of these pants - it has been several years (and I wear them a LOT) - yet they still look like the day I got them!  I have big thighs/hips and a small waist with a short inseam (I'm so lucky, right? hah) and they fit very well in the thigh whether I lose a few lbs or gain a few and the length is just right with athletic shoes.  I have been rough on them and always put them in the dryer and they haven't even balled up or anything!  Smooth and great looking.
B0028Y501A Excellent for workouts! This is a PUMA and lives up to its name. Great fit for me. A tank which is Comfortable and is made out of good material. Like the color with the little bit of green in it. It is an ideal workout tank. Wish I could buy more of these in different colors at amazon! Unfortunately could not find anymore..
B0029NYAHK Cute, good price, comfy, and it's a puma. At first glance I thought it looked a little smaller than I would hope it to be. BUT the bag is very roomy and looks good on my back. I love how it's girly looking, yet looks mature enough to wear to college. The front pocket is very roomy. I put bagels, a water bottle, my wallet, and it doesn't even look full. The zipper is very strong and feels as if it's impossible for it break. Some zippers are very sensitive and fragile, and opens up by itself with the slightest move, but this backpack wont. It takes more effort to pull the zipper, because it's sturdy. I would rate this backpack 5 stars, but i give it a 4 because i wish it came with a laptop slot. Everyone brings laptops to school now days so having a laptop slot with some padding would be handy.  I also wish there were smaller pockets inside he front pocket instead of just one big giant empty compartment. Other than that, i love it. I plan on keeping it for a long time.
B0029NYAJI Cute! I love this purse. The purple is different, but nice. The inside is bright pink, which creates an awesome contrast with the purple. I don't think they provide the size, but it is roughly 15" long, maybe 7" high, and about 3" deep. I don't have the purse with me, so I'm going with my best estimate on the size. The snap on the front is a mirror (nice, not cheap), and there is one inside zipper pocket, not huge but not tiny. One large compartment in the front, along with the main (much larger) compartment. Not the best purse for trying to stay organized, but good for a few items like makeup, etc., maybe good to take just for shopping or running errands, mainly because it's not that deep. You definitely have to dig to reach items, and a wallet would probably take up the entire purse. When I use it, I put my credit cards and money in the zipper pocket. Strap is adjustable. The zipper knob is huge, and looks like a soccer/volleyball with a puma on it. It's a nice, unique touch. :) I would definitely recommend this purse!
B0029NZ7T0 Neat Backpack I just got this today. It seemed a little small at first but it's not that small really.I was able to fit my 15.6 inch lenovo laptop with a sleeve on.The design on the front is pretty neat, but it may not be as bright as it seems in the picture. (the cat)I'm happy with the purchase and the little accessory bag is just a bonus.For $35, just get it. I'm a puma fan and I just had to have it :)
B0029NZ8BC Great style for everyday purse; doesn't keep shape though. That's the only problem I've had. It doesn't quite hold its shape and can become more of a rag bag when not completely full. Otherwise, I love Puma satchel handbags.
B0029NZ8LM Quality product I bought this for my wife for her b-day after seeing it at the Puma store in San Francisco. This is a very cool, well made bag with wonderful soft leather.My only fear is this over time the "distressed" print on the side will rub off, but only time will tell.
B002C4JW06 didnt like it seemed cheap, and i didnt like the way it was tight to get foot in.
B002C4JW06 Most Comfortable Sneakers I have no complains about these shoes - great fit and comfort. They seems flexible and very lightweight. I would definitely recommend them for my friends. Hurry while the sale prices last!
B002C4K3GS Be careful on glossy tiles in pool with this shoe I purchased this item for my water aerobics class and based on other reviews I thought it would be OK for what I am doing.  The shoe itself is comfortable with the exception of the little pouch on by the laces where you adjustment tab (button) is stored and that at times digs into my foot.  Also, when I step on the glossy tiles that are in the pool I do slip so I am forever being weary of where I step.  Good thing it's in the water as you don't really fall!
B002C4K3GS Colorful sneakers! I bought these shoes in the peach/white/hollyhock color.  They are very colorful and well made.  When I wear them I get lots of compliments on them!!
B002C4K8UO Cool sneakers They are beautiful and comfortable, the size I bought is just perfect, I have received lots of compliments when wearing them!
B002C4KAJ8 excellent seller excellent seller .... all purchases were smooth ... thanks a lot ...Merry Christmas and Happy 2010 ...
B002C4KC8W Excellent This product I qualify as an excellent article because it offers unparalleled quality, besides being a visibly appealing and comfortable shoes.
B002C4KCUA A little toooo snug Every Puma shoe I've purchased in the years past has always been a 9.5, but with this one, it is EXTREMELY SNUG FITTING! even loosening the laces twice, after a day of wearing, my feet hurt from being squeezed so tight... They are great looking shoes and are great for driving, but, I suggest you buy this style in a half size larger, just so they are comfortable and don't constrict your blood flow.
B002C4KEAI PUMA Great fitting shoe and true to size.  Love the velcro without feeling too old lady-ish for having velcro v shoelaces!!
B002C4KFKM LOOKS ARE EVERYTHING Ok, so I have recently purchased two different PUMA sneakers.  I strictly wear "MY ADIDAS" but the pictures of the PUMA's brought me back to my childhood, and how cool these shoes were at that time.  As long as they look similar to the originals they are cool forever.  By the way what happened to Puma the last 15, 20 years?  They fell off, I guess they forgot the original look.  I ordered the size 13s.  They fit good, but I will only wear them for a short period of time.  Really uncomfortable shoes, but they are really cool looking.
B002C4KG42 PUMA SNEAKS THE Shoes were awesome..in very good condition. They were supposed to be used but I didnt really find anything used on them. Now all my friends wanna buy them!
B002C4KG60 Love these, but the leather is thin I love these shoes very much, but the only problem is that the leather veneer on the upper is very thin and has peeled off in spots which looks pretty terrible. My advice to puma, use better materials but keep up the stellar styling.
B002C74BX6 Perfect Tee Puma Forever!!!!!!! Perfect Tee fot my 3 years old son. Look is fantastic!!! Very comfortable and what is important PURE COTTON!don`t change the shape after washing!
B002CATS0O Do yourself a favor and buy a target brand instead Do not buy these socks, I have purchased a pair from Target and they are way better.Also the Adidas brand is pretty excellent. The elastic band on these Pumas does not work at all,I have to pull up these socksevery five minutes. Not happy at all with this product.
B002CATS0O Comfortable but not durable I used it for 3 months before having to get a new pair. Keep in mind I wash it @ least twice a week. It's not really durable just because its really thin. Works fine if ur shoes size run small and u don't want a thick socks. The elastic lasted for about 2 months. The design is pretty cool and looks good
B002CTBU9C Purchase Feed back These shoes were exactly what I was needing.  They came well ahead of the time expeceted allowing me to use them when I needed.
B002CVV9UU Fresh, Fly, and Functional... These are a shoe collector's dream come true.  You will never see anyone wearing these anywhere!  That is a good thing for you collectors.  They grip really well in all offroad situations.  They are very warm and offer plenty of space for all foot types(I can say this because I am slightly flat footed and I have space).  They have a very rugged look with a type of futuristic flow to them.  They are hitech and VERY comfortable!  Did I mention that know one will have these!  They are rare!
B002D3IO3M Cheaply made even compared to the classic SpeedCat While I am not too thrilled with the materials used in the original SpeedCat (such as the cardboard insole, imagine what happens if the shoe gets wet), this one is even worse.  Instead of a nice textile lining (I am not even hoping for calfskin) the inside lining which extends from the little padded cuff you see going around the back of the heel is fake leather..feels like you are wearing cheap plastic shoes...this level of quality is acceptable in dollar-store shoes, but I guess here all the money went into advertising
B002D7BUHK better than the original hands down the kangaroo leather makes this shoe extremely light and durable better than the orignal with the microfiber on them..easy to break in
B002ECFBUQ Flat feet These are GREAT looking shoes!  I'm use to wearing Nike.  These really need some more support for us flat footed people.  I mean there is zero arch support!  I have to go to CVS and get some Dr. Sholes now.  Other then that they seem to fit ok.  I wish they would sell these in my size at the stores so I wouldn't have to play this trial game.
B002ECFBUQ Puma Voltaic II got a great deal on these Puma's!  I really like them, but keep in mind that they do run a little small.
B002ECFBUQ TERRIBLE!!! DO NOT BUY FROM COMET SHOES!!!Wrong order, bad customer service all around, including amazon, who said they couldn't do anything because it was a third party seller, and the color is not even close to what was ordered, terrible experience, amazon and comet suck, best to buy from a store.
B002ECFBUQ Completely satisfied Overall, I'm completely satisfied with the shoes. They are pretty true to size (at least for me). The toes were a little stiff at first, but they're wearing in well.
B002ECFBY2 pleased with puma this shoe is so freaking gorgeous its very showy which i like. there is not much arch support here but if youre just wearing it for style then go for it. i promise you will get so many compliments.
B002ECFSEK luis Excelent puma sneakers...  there are a great shoes.A pluss&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;  :)
B002ECFSEK Excellent Shoes When i walk into a party, I'm not just aware of how comfortable they are, but how flashy they look. Everyone loves the silver color of these pumas. Also, they are good to go clubbing with. They will let you in with this kind of puma.
B002ECFUKW bad asssssssssssss lol these shoes are soooooo comphy and light. they feel amazing !!! and great to run in .
B002ECFV3S Wonderful sneakers Very confortable, I boght this for my 22 years old brother and he was so fascinating when he saw them. He's still in shock about this sneakers because he liked them a lot.
B002EENB1U Drive a lot? If so, these things are great! The rolled heel on the back of these shoes make them a great choice if you spend a lot of time behind the wheel like I do. It makes for comfortable pedal work and smooth clutching if you drive a stick. And they look even better in person than they do on the site. It's hard for pictures to do them justice.
B002EENB6A Cheap, light & durable flip-flops I love this flip-flops. I've bought this model as my second pair and I'll continue to buy them for as long as Puma makes them. I really enjoy the looks of it and how lightweight it is. The material they're made of is really lighweight, but still pretty durable. It took me over a year to wear one of this flip-flops out. Another thing I enjoy is that their shape will slowly start adapting to your feet as you wear them.However, they can get quite smelly if you don't wash them regularly (once a fortnight). Otherwise, great product!
B002EENBOW The shoes were damaged fast The shoes were damaged fast. The seams of the right shoe is very rapid damage. The shoes were damaged fast. The seams of the right shoe is very rapid damage.
B002EENFC0 No other tennis shoe needed I've had these shoes for 4 years and they've just worn out after a game of basketball. I've gotten compliments on them even when they were in their later years. I am definitely repurchasing these!
B002EENFC0 Great... all around style and comfort. Although green is the accent color these can be worn with any other color. They are my husband's favorite sneakers.
B002EENI40 Sweet I got the black leather, comfy shoes I have white ones also but those won't get you into clubs all the time these are no problem.  Real talk. bet.
B002EENI40 Comfy sneakers Exactly what I was looking for! Very comfy and stylish! Not out of place with shorts in an informal setting as well as with slacks in a more formal atmosphere.
B002EENI40 My feet are throbbing after wearing these. Extremely painful to wear, I actually bought mine from Puma directly. I wore them one time Im donating them to the clothing drive. They are really flat and are not good if you have arched feet, I couldnt wait to get home and take them off. If you have flat feet maybe they will be OK for you, but Im done with these.
B002EENI40 Sizing Way OFF Giving this item 4 stars because they looked like they are made well.  I had to return them as they were way too large.  Ordered a size 7 and they just fell off.  Other than the sizing, they seemed to be made well.
B002EENI40 i am happy for knowing you The productos i have bought feel my needs and i thing almost all are of good materiales and  well done
B002EENI40 Complements well Looks great on black pants, and the gray complements other colors nicely. My only qualm is with the the top of the shoe. There is a slight gap that your sock can be seen through. Enjoying the purchase so far, and have gotten compliments on them a fair share
B002EENI40 Satisfied!!! I have tried many online stores (those that we can trust), and apparently most of them are all out of stock for this color.  I am really glad to find them here.  The shipping was amazingly quick (about 3-4 days), and the pair of shoes has some minor marks on the black band that can probably be clean off easily.  It fits well and comfortably.  I guess I will start wearing them once the snow is gone.
B002EENI40 Sweet style, and comfortable! These are very comfortable!  I had a fabric one, but it got dirty too easy.  This one is easy to keep clean.
B002EENI40 Been in my shoe rotation for years. I have bought this same model shoe for years now and I'm still a fan. They last me for about a year with regular wear. On my feet they tend to break at the ball of the big toe when they finally give out. I assume it's because the perforations make the leather a little weaker compared to canvas or a different material. Even with this caveat they're a solid and simple style that wears well.
B002EENI40 Bad ass Bought these for my husband as a xmas present so wont know what he thinks till then but overall i love them and im pretty sure he will too. Bought them in black leather with the grey strap and these shoes will look hot on anybody, their tight. Cant beat the price and good quality shoe.
B002EENI40 fit just like slippers A bit rigid at first fit but the day after it felt like they were always on my feet. Cool
B002EENI40 I got it last Monday  thank you. I won't show my young son this. Hide it in bedroom because it is Christmas. Thank you good job again.
B002EENI40 Great shoe Bought as a gift for my son and he really loved them.  Puma is really making some neat shoes.  He is 27 and I believe he owns 3 pairs of these now in different colors or styles.
B002EENI40 Old School Flair Back in the day, Puma was big.  I see they are making a come back.  I am a mature guy, but needed a pair of leather sneakers to wear with me jeans.  I liked the look online, but after I got them (in the time that was advertised) I knew I made the right choice.  Definitely a shoe for the Mature Uban male. I have gotten a lot of compliments for the look. And, they feel like slippers.
B002EENI40 Right on time ! All I have to say is that you guys deals are better than christmas. Keep up the good work & I'll stay put.
B002EENI40 Love it!!! I had a white one about 6 months now. Its still look like it's new and it easy to clean. I clean it everytime I see a little dirt on it. It fitted, very comfortable and match with most of my casual-wear. I wore it to a wedding and it look very nice. It don't have shoes-lace but yet doesn't slip out when I walk or run. Earlier today, I ordered the black one for 45$! That's cheap! Can't wait to get it!
B002EENI40 it hurts my ankle so bad.... very uncomfortable. it hurts my ankle so bad.... very uncomfortable, after walk only 500m, it is good looking though, but i wont wear it.
B002EENI40 Ok Tout est ok, mais le temps de livraison &eacute;tait trop long et le pris trop cher livraison comprise, voili voilou
B002EENIYA Ouch!! Awesome looking shoes! However, the top of the heel is curved in causing some significant discomfort! I returned this item after just 4 hours of wearing them around the house. They rubbed blisters into my Achilles Tendons.
B002EENIYA Mine fit true to size and achilles problem was brief I bought mine true to size in an 8.5 and they fit fine.  I get lots of compliments on them and have even had people stop and and ask where I got them.  The top of the shoe does come in aggressively against your achilles tendon but I found that if I just worked them for a few minutes with my fingers and stood on the heel that went away.  For me breaking the heel part down a bit isn't a problem since I always slide my shoes off without untying them and this part gets pretty soft from being forced off by the toes of the other foot...  If they could figure out the heel comfort right out of the box they'd be 5+ stars.  A great deal for 50 bucks.
B002EL3G3Q SHIP WRONG Hello I,m Carlos ,  i have received a wrong shoes, because i thougnt THE SIZE 9M US  was for foot of 27 cms (Large)I' Did`nt Know there was another measure9 M US for little kids.But now i order an AVIA Shoes No. 9 for men,  i hope this measure is correct.Well i wan't to ask you if i can get the AMAZON Card,  but i need to know if i can cancel it  out of USA when i don`t use this card?Well i hope all is ok,  send us a address when i can sell this shoes if you know any customerHave i nice dayYour happy customerCarlos F.
B002EL3HHG fun,fuctional and comfy Perfect fit, true to size.  Durable.  Fun and fancy.  PUMA makes a great shoe!
B002EL3IYS LOVE PUMA's My son has skinny feet fits perfectly - great for climbing - and being a boy.Velcro makes my life easy. I buy them in every size. The look cool!
B002EL3KQE Puma My daughter likes it so much, she is happy with its lightsIt is the first time to buy shoes online, The size was perfect
B002EL3KQE great product The flashing light impressed my son. The shoes itself is light and seems pretty comfortable. I wonder if the size is slightly less than the standard - but I am not sure.
B002EL3KQE Like it Its exactly like picture show it. Like like like like like like like like like like like like like like.
B002EL3KQE Not good for heavy use We bought them in february of 2014 and used them bike riding and i noticed the orange in front peeling off from use. Also the bottom wore really quick, i tend not have good luck with Nike products. I wanted to give these a try since they were cheap, i would not buy these again. They do still light up but i am more interested in a shoe that doesnt fall apart after a couple months use. I would recommend new balance .
B002EL3KQE So awesome! My 5yr old lil' guy has had these for about 4 months now and they are still looking fantastic.  He wears them every day to Kindergarten, and for sports class and they are holding up with no signs of falling apart. The lights on the side are great, don't find many shoes in his giant size 12 with lights! I do wish they came with a laced option.....
B002EL3KQE Long Lasting Kids wore these for almost the whole school year and even though the lights went out long ago and they are a bit faded they held up very well.
B002EL3KQE LOVED IT!!! Simply simple...very classy,fun!!! My son loved it and they have been on his feet ever since... the light up part is a perfect touch, definitely will look into more of these...
B002EL3KQE Excelent product My child is 6 years old, he is very fussy about the shoes, he really liked this tennis and lights are fun
B002EL3KQE Cuter in person These were even cuter in person. It wasn't clear to me when I ordered them that they have flashing LEDs, but they do, which makes them even better.
B002EL3KQE Not durable.  Didn't even last 2 months I have a typical active 3.5 year old and these shoes didn't last 2 months.  The sole is coming apart from the shoe and the leather is wearing off.  Big bummer.
B002EL3KQE OK. They are ok about the size and the look from outside, but the bottom of the it is too hard for kids, and after a long walk or play it feels a kind of pain on his feet, there fore i thing it should have more soft bottom.
B002EL3KQE Just right These shoes are just plain fun, and delighted the recipient.  I am entirely satisfied with this purchase.  These were worn with a winged fairy outfit, which led to tremendous ground speed.
B002EL3KQE Cool! We love these shoes. The light-up Puma skeleton is awesome. They do run a little short. The insole has a great sizing pattern. We returned and got a bigger size with no problem at all. Shipping was prompt. Only thing, we've had them for a few months and one of the Pumas has already stopped lighting. I will contact the company to see what they say about it.
B002EL3KQE god excellent product as it would cimplio with my expectations as I buy another thanks for buying other s 1 v
B002EL3KQE Excellent Choice Absolutely excellent quality.  Very flexible and durable with attractive look.  A little bit expensive but worth it. No regrets at all.
B002EL3KQE Nice Fit, Quality and Fashion I originally saw my sister had Puma sneaker for her toddler girl. she loved them so I wanted to buy for my toddler son. I found these cute light up Pumas here in Amazon so I didn't hesitate buying two pairs. One I bought so that he could wear right away and the other a size larger.  So far we have used both sizes and they are easy to put on and look amazingly well made. I didn't have a problem washing them and the batteries haven't gone bad during washing. There is no place to replace the battery so if you plan on keeping them as a &#34;hand me down&#34; then probably the batteries will not last that long. So far the batteries have lasted for  my toddlers growth. what I like about this design is that its more slim side. I don't like the chunky sneakers out there, and all the licensed figures on the sneakers. These ones feel more like the slimmer European designs. I am coming back to amazon to purchase my pair because they have more color choices. I checked at my local Nordstrom and they carry only one color. That shows you how happy I am with these sneakers.
B002EL3KQE Very pleased with Kids who love, it is comfortable to wearShoes are very comfortable Using 80 percent is cost-effective Cheap and easy care
B002EL3KQE Daughter ecstatic with this purchase A tad bit wider than usual Pumas (my daughter has very slender feet), but more similar to other brands.  Stomping makes the cat light up/flash.  However otherwise they are not over the top and it's a nice shade of pink that isn't garish.  Mom and daughter both happy!
B002EL3KQE Color Scuffed Off on Second Day The shoe seemed a bit stiffer than I had expected, but it didn't seem to bother my 4 year old daughter. Other than that, it seemed to fit well and she loved the light up skeleton of the puma. My biggest complaint is on day two of wearing them, there was a big scuff mark on the toe which scraped off the pink. Unfortunately, I will be returning.
B002EL3KQE samll sorry but they were to small ,hop one day you get them wader so they fit better thank for your time
B002EL3KQE These were cool These are nicely made, bright for toddler fun.  They also light up with flashing lights as the toddler toddles along.  Makes them fun.
B002EL3KQE Threads starting coming out! Within the very first week, the threads started coming out. I did not expect this from a PUMA shoe. Would not recommend buying this.
B002EL3KQE Perfect for my 1 year old Fits perfectly, great quality. Flexible enough and light for my one year old to walk!!!no laces wich is perfect for security and practical purpose!Aside the lighting is the joy for children and the design is great!
B002EL3KQE THe Puma Lights Up! Light and comfortable.  Easy to get on and off.  Received lots of compliments from other moms and friends.  My 4 yr old son is  runner and jumper and does not like the NIKE and other brand sneakers that have too much going on in terms of the sole and heel.  This works great for his active life!
B002EL3KQE excellent the best shoe, it is as described, size and quality are great, but i found it later cheaper on another website almost half what i paid
B002EL3KQE Puma Kids Muito bom! Meu filho adorou... e alem do mais o produto &eacute; &oacute;timo! Logo, voltarei a comprar mais. Obrigado, at&eacute; a pr&oacute;xima.
B002EL3KQE Lights are great. My daughter's feet are thin and long, so the model fits very well.Apparently a durable construction, but cannot say more at this point as we just got it...
B002EL3KQE Kids think they're cool! I bought two pairs of this shoe for my grandsons and they love them. The puma lights up with an image of the puma's skeleton, which is a big hit with them and their friends. The 4 yr-old says they are creepy AND cool! Funny.Their parents appreciate the ease of getting the shoes on and off with the velcro straps. Importantly, the quality of the Puma shoe is excellent and a great value as well. There will definitely be more Puma shoes in their future.
B002EL3KQE Lights up when he walks :) My son has large feet, so I was hesitant at first. Bought him size 8 and it fits him like a glove !!! He is 17 months now.
B002EL3KQE I see I've confused with the size I see I confused with the size tableBut I think, I fault. I'll try to understand more better for the next timeThank anyway.
B002EL3KQE Durability in question These shoes are pretty cool looking. Neon green bottoms with the Neon light up Puma symbol, gray leather, with suede. My son loved them, that is until they the velcro strap started falling apart. The suede stitched(or glued) to each velcro strap started coming apart. My son is active, but he's only had these shoes for 5 months and it's in a rotation with three other shoes (all of which were bought at the same time and aren't falling apart).
B002EL3KQE Fun shoe I got these for my daughter to match a cheer leading outfit.  Easily go on.  Flashes ever so nicely.  Fit what I expected.
B002EL3KQE Too cool for school! I ordered these as a birthday present for my three year old nephew. His mother is adamantly against light-up shoes but I was able to convince her otherwise with this gift. She didn't even notice they lit up until I told her they did; she was focused on how stylish and versatile they were. All she could do was laugh.
B002EL3KQE Adorable, unique Daughter loves the light up skeleton, Unfortunately had to return twice since it runs VERY small.  Shoe size 11, ended up comfortable in the 13.  Worn every day since receipt, and you're not going to find these anywhere else.  I tried (and tried, and tried)!
B002EL3KQE Wow! I purchased the sneakers for my 2 year old great grandson who has refused to wear anything but red Car sneakers from Target. This has been the story for the last year. We cannot find them anymore so I took a chance with these because the Puma lights up. It took a some effort to get him to look at them.  I ordered up one size, they fit fine. I like that they are flexible, light weight, good looking and light up perfectly.
B002EL3KQE wrong size I buy from many brands shoes for my kid and this one does not fit well. Those shoes suppose to be a gift for my kid but now i can not give to him. How can I resolve this because I try to send it back but i can not , because I am in Afganistan  in a small village where i just can recive mail not to send?
B002EL3KQE Light ups! My grandson only wanted light up sneakers and Puma's fit him perfectly, they are great! They have a clean look and a bright light up puma.
B002EL3KQE Not good if your kid drags his feet! Adorable shoes, without question!  My problem with them is that the leather on the toe is very soft so within a month, my son has worn holes in both shoes.  Probably not an issue unless your kid drags his feet like mine.  His Nikes & Adidas seem to be a lot more durable.
B002EL3KQE Beautiful. The light in the puma is more beautiful than I expected. Great for school, but select a size too big
B002EL3KQE Wonderful shoes for my 6 year old. The fit was perfect.  Thank you to reviewers that suggested getting one size bigger.  The puma lights up to show the cat's skeleton.  Very cool.  She can run and jump for joy in her Puma shoes.  I found coupons and eBates offers and I felt the price was very fair.
B002EL3KQE awesome shoes My boy and us love them.  You will not see ot untill it lights up but the pumas skeleton lights up!
B002EL3KQE it stopped lighting up after about 3 months and that's a bummer around here, because we bought them to have well-made sneakers that also have the fun of lighting up
B002EL3KQE awesome! my daughter loved them! omg, she's supposed to use black shoes to school and i had to ask the teacher for permission, cuz she wont take em off!
B002EL3KQE Awesome My goddaughter loved them, especially since they light up and she kept on asking random people if they liked her new shoes,
B002EL3KQE nice it is what i was expecting - comfortable, is breathing, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like.
B002EL3KQE Coolest shoes on the playground, don't work after one month : ( Update: not a month later and one shoe does not light up anymore. Not cool.I ordered these for my son, because the light up puma skeleton is the coolest ever! When my order was almost done the name of the colors says something like violet/princess blue (it just said blue on the original description) so I almost cancelled it. I'm glad I didn't because the blue has not a hint of purple to it, it's a nice royal blue. I ordered a size bigger knowing that Pumas run small and narrow, so they fit ok. The Velcro is a little short since my son has wider feet. We still love them! Really happy with the price which is significantly lower than the current model in stores. Minus one star because the blue has slightly worn off on the edge of the puma already.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe for a little boy! We are on our 5th pair of these shoes (size 4T, 5T, 6T, and 8T). They have all fit very well. Our son asks to put them on in the morning and he is always receiving complements when we are out in public. There haven't been any issues with durability and the top side of the shoes stays bright and clean for a long time. When they light up, the skeleton of the cat is revealed; a really cool effect. I wish they made these in Men's 10.5.
B002EL3KQE Excellent light effect The fit was as expected (slightly big) because i wanted my son to be able to use it for more than 1month.  The lighting effect of the puma cat works and is a delight to my 3 yr. old, I only hope that it last for the duration of its usage.
B002EL3KQE Disappointed in quality The quality of these shoes for the price is just not there.  The velcro closures are not long enough and the velcro was covered in fuzz within a day.  They also run small.
B002EL3KQE Puma Shoes for Toddlers The product reached well in time and when we opened the package we were very delighted to see the immaculate packing details. The product when tried on my 3 year old daughter look fabulous, fits well and the whole finish of the shoe is fantastic. The Puma Logo is very cool and the blinking lights are amazing.Very happy with this purchase and are now waiting for the second color in the same style. Thanks Amazon.
B002EL3KQE Two Stars The left side one does not have a light. Bit awkward
B002EL3KV4 Great except the Puma Paint peeled very quickly. These shoes are great in every aspect except in the purple coating it has on top of the PUMA silhouette. It peeled very easily with normal toddler use.
B002EL3LMW Puma Little Kid Sneakers I ordered these shoes for my four-year-old. They are a nice-looking shoe but the durability is not what I expected.  He wears them sparingly so I expected them to last him awhile. A couple months after purchasing them, I noticed the toe seam was starting to unravel.  These shoes were a thumb width larger than he needed so this shouldn't have been an issue.
B002EL3LZE Very goo product My soon enjoy very much the product he use it to go to school and have been very resistens. Thanks
B002EL3LZE Fit pefectly Gave as gift, she love them & they fit perfectly. She had a big smile and wore them immediately! xo
B002EL3LZE great for boys My 5 years old boy loved. Is easy to put and the laces are strong (and had to be, since he is still learnig how to do). Fits just fine if your kid has a wide foot, what is great back here.
B002EL3LZE Sneekers This snekers is confterbool and they are amassing. But they easily getting dirty. Everything is good and I recommend you to buy them! :)
B002EL3LZE Excellent Quality It's soft and solid, perfect for my 5 year old! Very stylish look and it matches well with Spring/Summer outfits.
B002EL3LZE Good for slim feet My family has slim feet and PUMA fit the women very well. I bought these for my daughter as she has very slim feet.She likes them and is always happy with PUMA.
B002EL3MCQ not the sice i asked for The sneakers are nice as i espected it, but the sice is wrong, instead of sice 8M we receive sice 7M, so they are too small.
B002EL3MCQ Awesome Seriously the cutest toddler shoe!  I love that the velcro goes both ways because it's harder for my little guy to pull them off.
B002EL3MCQ Ok I choose this product because I like de colorsI like because are so confi andIrecomended because I love it
B002EL3MCQ Cool design I have been buying Puma for my son since he was 2, the design was cool and fits really well, very comfortable too!
B002EL3MCQ They look great I was looking long time for Puma sneakers for my granddaughter and I found this adorable one.I did not send them yet but I think they will be perfect for her feed.Now she is 27 months old but usually she wears bigger size
B002EL3MCQ Awesome I liked and my son liked them and I put them on him and fit like suppose too, will buy more to
B002EL3MCQ good Order for grandaughter, they arrived quickly, fit, and she loved them. Would have prefered bigger color selection. I love ordering from Amazon because of speedy delivery.
B002EL3MCQ very nice for an early walker The leather is soft, and the sole flexes enough for ease in walking. We got these in a 4T for a 13 month toddler. She has some other shoes that are too stiff in both sole and upper, but these are great. Also very easy on and off.
B002EL3MCQ Great quality, comfy and beauttiful My daughter loves it. Super comfy and good looking sneakers. My only concern is that it is made of white leather and I don't know how to clean it well if it gets real dirty ( can't drop it in the washing machine as with other type fabric sneakers). So far no issues at all. Over all a great buy.
B002EL3MCQ The best sneakers for young boys! I have 2 boys 4 & 6 and these pumas were a perfect buy! Easy to put on, easy clean- just throw'em in the washing machine, don't look horribly filthy when they are. VERY DURABLE! I can stress this enough! They are awesome!
B002EL3MCQ ok the product to stay far, recommended for child play soccer. recommended for multi-colored purchase s. i ilke all the product.
B002EL3MCQ Worth every penny Bought these for my 23 month old and I have to say they are so adorable and they fit him perfect I see nothing wrong with these shoes definitely will be buy from here again!!!!!!
B002EL3MCQ I LIKE IT I LIKE IT. THANKS. I HOPE WILL BE CONFORTABLE AND SMOTH . I RECOMENDED THIS SHOES FOR KIDS.THANKS FOR ALL
B002EL3MCQ Cheap Quality This is the second pair of Puma shoes that I'm writing a poor review on. I love the Puma brand, but these were such poor quality. The leather is excellent, and still looks great, but the velcro fell apart. These were purchased on 02 December, given as a Christmas gift, and here we are in March, buying new shoes because these fell apart, and I can't return them.
B002EL3MCQ cool needs some cushion in the sole so kids feet can develop. but i like puma they are pretty cool kicks
B002EL3MCQ Cool These trainers are for my toddler and are so cool looking. Great to get on and off because of velcro and make any outfit look smart..
B002EL3MCQ Easy to wear Two years boy likes it. It looks fashionable. It is Easy to wear.This one is the first puma one.
B002EWWHIU Versatile value for toddler boys. Puma offers quality clothes, but usually not for such reasonable prices. These were a deal. Well made, quality fabric, and an elastic waist designed for little guys. Nothing 'pokey, itchy, or rough'.
B002EZZOM8 EHHH!!!- SO,SO--SO,SO Bought for wife.  She didn't wear them much but said they were OK.  Even though she does not wear them alot they seem to be durable. I just don't think she really liked the color.
B002EZZQUI comfy flip flop I like the light pink and black combo, and they fit true to size.  They're perfect for casual summer wear.
B002EZZRKC stylish, affordable, athletic! I enjoy wearing these, and I get compliments all the time.  For $28 I couldn't really go wrong.  They do feel a bit snug, but not uncomfortably so.  Would buy again.
B002EZZT00 Awesome! Very comfortable! I work in retail and stand on my feet 40 hours a week and this shoes are awesome! When you first put them on, they feel really snug and your first thought may be "Uh oh" like my thought was- but try them out first! They are worth it!
B002EZZUWC Treat with care! I bought these in black with silver sequins. They are very sharp and unique, but the sequins are pretty delicate for shoes that aren't evening wear, and after about three months of having them and wearing them once or twice a week, tops, the sequins are snagged in several places. Too bad ... I gave them four stars for looking so sharp and being comfortable, but be careful with the sequined sides.
B002EZZWKW Puma game point snear i love these shoes. i bought them as a gift for my sister about 2 years ago and she still has them and they are in great shape! :)
B002F000L2 comfortable and tough Bought these shoes just days before I left for a high mountain camping trip in Colorado. They arrived just in time to be packed and then on a plane. Very easy to break in, had great traction as I hiked up a 14er and lasted through the first snow storm of the year. Highly recommend!
B002F0053U not nike first of all, its definitely not a NIKE sneaker but it's priced like one... i have no clue why puma feels they can charge up to a hundred + dollars for their shoes when they aren't good athletic shoes at all. they run long and big too. but, with a snug fit.  i bought these because my NIKE shox were getting old, but since i've gotten this shoe, i'm still wearing my shox.
B002F0053U style and practicality first pumas ive ever had and i love them. comfy right out of the box and i love the glove like design...they dont have a separated tongue like most sneakers. i like it because theres no roaming around and needing constant adjustment. also they are great for running because they mold to your foot and theres no movement of the shoe or friction.super stylish and attractive too. very well made.
B002G72NJG Quality is fine The quality is fine, it is just smaller than I need it to be, so I had to return it.
B002HEWV0O Thin, lightweight These pants are nice, but a little thin.  They are very lightweight, more for summer use.  I could see them getting chilly even in spring or fall.The mesh lining is not full, and stops around the knee.  The liner does not seem to be firmly fixed to the outer shell.  When taking the pants on and off, this has caused my feet to easily catch, and I am worried about the longevity of the shelll/liner.Overall a decent pair of pants, but not as sturdy as I was hoping for at this price point.
B002HEWV7C high quality track jacket Puma makes very high quality clothes and shoes that are sold in limited quantities in stores.  The beauty of finding it on line is that it was easier than shopping, and it was better than I thought it was going to be.  The sizing is great too, because a small is more like a small to medium, but not bulky.
B002HEWWDU Love the style BUT I love the style, simple yet gorgeous...Puma is a fun company.  My one complaint is taht I have a little bit of a beer belly, and these shirts shrink after wash...so I have 3 of these shirts that I've worn once lol
B002HEWWJO Light Weight This is a nice light-weight hoodie.  I originally thought it was fleecy on the inside judging from other sweatshirts PUMA sells, but it was not the case.  The hoodie is relatively thin but washes and wears well.  Overall, the fiance is satisfied with the purchase.
B002HEWWVW Just as shown I'm usually a little bit reluctant to buy clothes online, but since the price was really good I decided to give it a try.I'm glad I did! The T-shirt looks just as shown and fits great.
B002HEWZKK I love these shoes! No laces to keep tied, form-fitting, low- profile design hugs the foot comfortably and "makes you run fast!" (says my nine year old!).  Durable construction, unlike another model Puma shoe purchased previously and easy to clean.
B002HEWZUU Buyer beware Buyer beware.....I bought these sneakers for my grandson, because he loves the Puma look; however, when they arrived, we were quite surprised to discover that THEY DON'T COME WITH LACES!!  In fact, they have only tiny holes that are merely decorative.  Who would have thought an item referred to as a "Fat Lace Sneaker" wouldn't have laces?  It seems the term "fat lace" refers to the white design on the side, which does sort of look like a lace if you use your imagination.
B002HEWZUU Confusing They don't come with laces and it appears that the holes are too small to fit laces in. Very confusing, I assumed I had a defective pair but just read another review that said the same thing so I guess that is just the way they come? It is not safe for a four year to be wearing these shoes without laces.
B002HUI36E Comfy pants My 11 yr old lives in these.  He says they are very comfy.  The material is thicker than you would think and pretty easy to clean.
B002HUI36E My grandson likes these For some reason I was having trouble finding track pants in size 8 for my grandson.  I was happy to discover some on Amazon.  It's helpful to know that they can be returned if they don't fit.
B002IVUZWW The heel gets dirty It's a great shoe design-wise, but don't wear it if you intend to walk a lot as your feet will hurt after a couple of hours.Also the white heel tends to get dirty and I haven't found a way to clean it.If there is a black heel version, I would suggest to get that one instead.
B002JF1B48 Great hoodie I purchased this hoodie for my sister for Christmas.  It's super casual and comfortable and she wears it often.
B002JSZTW0 Horrible This watch does NOT work as advertised. Very frustrated trying to set the time. Read the instructions, even thought maybe it was me, looked at YouTube videos for help. Simply put, the touch screen works less than 10% of the time. When setting the time, one touch screen section (that is also the light) needs to be held until the hours flash. Well, the light sometimes comes on, but the time never flashes. I touched the middle of the section, swiped my finger across the area, touched the bottom by the gems.. Everything. Simply put, it does not work. Zero stars is the proper rating.
B002JSZTW0 not satisfied The touch screen did not seem to work for me so I returned this item. Not very impressed and would not recommend.
B002JW9DDW Puma girls hoodie 2-6x I bought this as a gift for my friends daughter. From what she told me it was the best little hoodie ever. Her daughter loved the pink color and it was very warm. When it came it looked well made and it was thick.
B002KAO9AU great alternative to vans contrary to the look, the shoes have NO VELCRO attached to the strap. the strap is all elastic.great fit, possibly a little bit narrower and slightly higher arch than the similarly styled vans.i am very pleased with mine.
B002KAODVA Comfortable and great look Love them, they are very stylish. The comfort level could be greater but they are not bad for walking or standing.
B002KAOF36 A little too much rainbow... Upon receiving these flops, I have to say that I was a little horrified at the rainbow base of them.  But, with a little help from a permanent marker, they became the black flip flops I was hoping for.  I, admittedly, only bought them out of need and because in my size (12) they were only $16.  If I'd paid the $30+ for them, I'd have been disappointed, but they're comfortable and suit their purpose just fine.
B002KAOH4S Love them Comfy, good looking and true to size. They'll definitely keep you warm during the cold months, but they are a bit too warm for warmer months.
B002KAOHX4 BULL NOSE GOOD LOOKING sneaker! (from the side) FITS great! BULL NOSE design! Normally Puma's are quite sleak towards the front, and from the side these sneakers look GREAT. Simplistic even! I'm content! I had seen they were thicker towards the front even before I purchased them. And still, I went with them anyway. Two months later I search for another pair. If you love puma's designs as much as I do, you understand. Just my thoughts & a heads up!
B002KAOKQS Excellent Product was in perfect, brand new condition. Shipping was super fast (2 days from order to door step). Shoes were incorrect size but that is not the fault of Amazon. Returning the item was easy and I received a full refund including cost of return shipping. Becasue of this experience I have ordered since and will continue to do so.
B002KAOLGC Elegant and comfortable ... I bought 2 and one for me and the other to my brother and we all assure you it's very luxurious Mrigh.
B002KAOLGC Looks better in your hands! I love Puma products and was looking for a simple yet comfortable look for a gift. My brother loves it and has worn them immediately when he got them. Hope he doesn't wear them out too soon.
B002KAOLGC Puma Casual Sneakers The shoes arrived well packaged and fitted perfectly. they are very comfortable and gives a good spring to my swag! I would recommend them anyday! :)
B002KAOLGC Cheap, stylish, and comfortable. I wear these shoes almost every day since the price wasn't too bad. The white part at the bottom gets a little bit dirty, but it can be cleaned.
B002KAOLGC These work for women, too Bought these when I couldn't find what I wanted in women's shoes. I normally wear a 9 in Women's, and the 7.5 in Men's fit just fine. Plus, they are D width, which is great if you have a wider, or arthritic, foot. They come in other colors, but I like the ones in leather with the perfs, and I think black is the only other color in leather. Fortunately, Amazon is one of the few places that carry them, so I always buy my shoes here. Plus, of course, Amazon's rapid delivery. Can't beat it!
B002KAOLGC wrong description Leather ?I did not see leather. No leather. Only plastic, textile and rubber.Traces of glue on the surfacewrong description
B002KAOLGC Cool shoes! WebZom sent it promptly I was looking for these shoes in other sites but WebZom via Amazon had the best deal! Comfy as most pumas are! Loving mine! Thanks  WebZom
B002KAOLGC Scholl's active sole and made these 100x more comfortable. The stock sole is too flat for me I get tons of complements on these.I replaced the inner sole with a Dr. Scholl's active sole and made these 100x more comfortable.  The stock sole is too flat for me.
B002KAOLGC Cool Shoes! I am old but would wear saddle oxfords exclusively if I could! They are light weight and comfortable. Definitely a warm weather shoe.
B002KAOLGC Good looking shoe, but a little cheap I bought these shoes roughly 3months ago and to me they look and feel great.  I mainly use these for riding my bike and weight training, so they do take some abuse but nothing too crazy.  I have never ran with these one and usually they have been whorn maybe 3 times a week.  My final thoughts on these is that they do feel great when i wear them, the stability is amazing when i use them to weight train especially any squating type motion, however after about a month or so give or take a week the seam started peeling away, hence the 3 star, other than that the shoes are perfect.
B002KAOLGC as expected! i am a PUMA fan. this sneakers did not disappoint. I really like it. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
B002KAOLGC Perfect Birthday Present Theses are exactly what my son was looking for and the price is amazing.  Quick shipping too.  Thank you he's going to love them.
B002KAOLGC Durable shoe I wore this shoe nearly everyday for two years. Since the sole is vulcanized, I was afraid that the sole would come apart in a matter of months as my other vulcanized shoes did the same. The sole did great in the most rigorous tasks. I was also afraid that the white lining will start to tear at where the toebox would crease, but the shoe kept soldiering on. These pair of shoes have stepped in countless puddles, been at a concert with wet mud, and kicked/been kicked by many objects. It was still great until just five months ago, my heels started hurting as the cushioning had worn out. I finally replaced these shoes with another brand two months ago but regardless I would buy these again in a heartbeat.
B002KAOLGC write is a nice color i like thatit fit with my jobthe white stains stop bothering me.I need a spare one, just to have it in my closet.
B002KAOLGC PUMA does it again! I have always loved PUMA, and its products.  These shoes fit spot on, where as some other shoe makers are always either too small or too big when selecting my size.  The El Ace Leather Sneakers are comfortable, and perfect for hitting the streets.
B002KAOLGC clean admire the crisp white while it lasts, the biggest problem with these is that they show everything. trend carefully friends
B002KAOLGC Great wear Really looks good on my feet. Cleans easily. Thanks to Usain I am seeing PUMA footwear in a different light.
B002KAOLGC Perfect If you are getting the El Ace puma 'dark shadow/ black' realize that the dark shadow is more so dark grey than black. The product was received exactly as advertised and arrived on the first day of the estimated 5 day arrival window. I ordered this shoe after i wore my other pair out. These fit me better than most other shoes all in all I'm very satisfied
B002KAOLGC Trendy These shoes are pretty sweet. They're a twist on what is usually a pretty modest style. I found the El Ace to be comfortable. After wearing them 5 to 6 days a week, for 6 months, the sole cracked.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes. That's it. Oh... I wore them through a flood. Got wet. Stayed clean. Didn't smell. Dried overnight. Tons of compliments.
B002KAOLGC Painful The shoes look cool but they dig into the back of my ankles like crazy.  After wearing them for only a couple hours I already have scabs.  Not sure I can wear them again and probably can't return since they've already been worn.  Just my luck I guess.
B002KAOLGC Excelent Excellent product, I was perfect.My client was glad with purchase.the color is similar to the photos, and is almost iqual.
B002KAOLGC Rubs oddly The overall fit is good. It rubs oddly against my Achilles heel, but just on one foot.  I'm hoping the shoes just need to be broken in.
B002KAOLGC Need better quality Was expecting more. I bought it for my spouse, when he compared the material to the one in store this one we bought on amazon is of inferior quality.
B002KAOLGC Stylish Stylish shoes that work in casual environments as well as in semi-formal club settings. Puma does not disappoint with this shoe.
B002KAOLGC Nice footwear, I recommend them I think these are very cool, comfortable and stylish shoes by Puma. The colour combination on the shoes is wicked. The navy blue, white, red and grey work exceptionally well together. I have one minor complaint though. I found little specks of white on red part of the shoe sole. I blotted out the specks with a red-ink pen and that solved the problem.
B002KAOLGC Very Neat fit I was not sure about this but for $38 i gave it a try, I was impressed of how neat the fit was and it is also very comfortable. I'd admit from the wear's point of view its looks off but how every1 else sees it, it looks awesome
B002KAOLGC Hurts heels on husbands feet The shoe is big on my husband and rubs on his heal. He has to wear a band aid to help. The company was great though.
B002KAOLGC Like 'em but not very comfy These look good but are not as comfortable as some of the other sneakers I have. Granted that the other sneakers are more in the $100 range. These look hip, so 3 stars for me.
B002KAOLGC Had to get use to how tight it was. Small at first, but all I needed to do was break them in. The sides were pinching my toes, yet they later on fitted to my feet.
B002KAOLGC 1 year update I used these for 12 months. got compliments and it lasted very well. durable a good buy 10/10 would buy again
B002KAOLGC Men's white sneakers Shoe is absolutely fabulous.  Easy to wear and easy of the foot.  Shipment was very prompt and packaging protected the shoes.  Much thanks.
B002KAOLGC Puma El Ace no regrets Fits perfect. Would recommend to my friends. The choice went beyond my expectation, puma el ace sneakers is one of my better choices made so far in 2013
B002KAOLGC tgh GLAD THEY WERE ON SALE. COULDNT THINK OF SPENDING 61 00 FOR THESE. THOUGH STILL GOOD BUT A LITTLE cheap.
B002KAOLGC Worth it My boyfriend so needed new sneakers.  Yay to this find.  Delivery was before expected and the product was exactly how described.  Happy with this find.  Just wish I was able to order more colors!  These sold out quick in his size!  If your size is still available... just get them asap!  :)
B002LE8NZW Very Disappointed In the photo, this jacket appears to be a form fitting minty green silky material.I have a similar build and appearance to the model in the ad as such I could picture how I would look. I ordered the large so I expected a slightly baggy fit. When I opened the box, I saw a hideous "Celtic Green". The jacket in no way resembled that advertised.It was almost as if the seller ran out of the originals and dug into what he had hanging around. I am not an overly whiny person and can usually adapt. I can not even wear this. I should have returned it but I gave it to a friend instead. Next time they should depict this more accurately.
B002LH4RMM Awesome! I bought those in white a year ago, now I bought it black for my mom. We both love it, they last long and are very comfortable. For wider feet, I would recommend a size up. Other than that, lovely!!!!
B002LH4RMM AWESOME FOR NURSES GREAT FIT, COMFORTABLE, DURABLE, KEEPS BRIGHTNESS, SLIP FREE, BEST HOSPITAL SHOE MY GIRLFRIEND HAS EVER USED.  I DON'T HAVE TO MASSAGE HER FEET ANYMORE SO I'M HAPPY ABOUT THAT.
B002LH4SOO Ok I guess I bought these flip flops not too long along and initially thought they were great. I live in South Korea and it is monsoon season so it rains constantly. When the shoes become wet, they squeak and slide off. I guess as long as I keep them dry they're great.
B002LH4T5W Awesome! Simply beautiful and sporty.  I've gotten tons of compliments on these. Well worth the money... They fit perfect too. The shoe laces are not the normal type lace either, but they still work.
B002LQJSJ0 Not like the others the color is nice, Wisteria/white and a turquoise side sole. I own 2 other pairs of Easy Rider III, which I like alot and wear often. This pair seems very stiff unlike the other 2 pairs. I have not worn them yet but if this is what all the Easy Rider III are like I would not order again.
B002LVUXNK Dog ate his shoes New puppy ate my husbands shoes, so I ordered the exact pair and had them back in the closet before he even noticed.  I hope the dog does not make a habit of this!
B002NKM9K4 Great on-the-go wristlet I absolutely LOVE this little wristlet.  I was looking for something that would hold my cards, cell phone, and essentials while walking across campus.  I did not want to add anymore weight to my backpack and juggling a purse and 40 pounds worth of textbooks can get a little frustrating.  This little wristlet is a great addition.  I've used it through college, vacations, outtings, etc.  Can't beat it.  :o)
B002NKM9MC Puma purse review I personally thought the purse was smaller than what I was expecting, but it was a gift for a 23 year old and she said it was perfect.  She wanted a smaller purse for when her big one was not needed.  She used it right away as she was going out to visit and meet new people.  Since she was pleased, I was pleased.
B002ODEYE4 Love it!!! My 11yo bought this for himself and he wears it every day.  Fits well, washes well, and gives the warmth expected for a track jacket.
B002ODEYE4 My Son's Favorite Jacket It was like pulling teeth to get my 10 year old to wear a jacket.  He saw this at a local department store and loved it.  But, they only had one in his size and it was damaged.  So, I searched and found it on Amazon.  He wore this thing all the time.  It was not bulky, but kept him warm.  It was sporty and stylish and he was sad to grow out of it.  I would definitely recommend this jacket to others.
B002ODEYE4 Great jacket that washes up nicely True to size.  It has worked out perfectly for a boy who leaves it on the floor in the gym to get trampled on- wash it up and good as new.
B002ODEYE4 Nice Jacket I noticed not many people have posted a review about this items fit. My son is just now starting to wear a 14/16 and this jacket is a little large. If you are looking for something for them to grow into it than its fine but the large that I bought is a little big. Everything else about the jacket is wonderful.
B002ODEYE4 who is quite happy with it a gift for my grandson, who is quite happy with it.
B002ODEYE4 Jacket Did Not Match Pants I thought that because the pants were PUMA as well as the jacket, that the navy colors would match but not so.  Returned both items
B002ODEYE4 He loves it. I got this for my son, because he was addicted to hoodies. He would NOT go to school without a hoodie! Over the winter, I weaned him to a jacket (sort of ...felt...?), which was quite warm. But now it's warming up, and he looks a little silly in that fuzzy jacket, running around, not to mention that it's TOO HOT for it.But he still insisted on wearing it, so I got him THIS jacket. Today is Day 3; so far so good. He likes it a lot; it looks nice. Better than a hoodie, but still casual, obviously. Haven't had it through the wash, yet. If it holds up nicely in the laundry, I'll leave it at a 5-star, since it seems to be a good product.
B002Q9XHCQ Excellent Jacket This is by far one of my favorite jackets!  I love the way it looks and it's pretty comfortable.  The only thing I don't like about it is zipping it up.  It creates a little convex at the bottom when you zip it up which doesn't look very stylish, otherwise I would zip it up all the time to connect the white bar.  Also, the pockets on the outside are stitch from the inside to create an inside pocket on each side which is pretty convenient.
B002QEBJBW Fantastic Top! This top is fantastic!  I love it for casual work days or going from my home to the health club.  It fits perfectly over my work out tops and tank tops.  It is a little see through, but since I only wear it as a cover up, it's not an issue.  I also recently wore it under a t-shirt for an Iowa Hawkeye game.  It was perfect!  Not bulky at all, but still roomy so I could move around in it.  I have a 3 year old, so I'm constantly moving, and this top helps me feel sporty, but it is also functional.  I highly recommend this product.
B002QEBOEE Great Casual Jacket I loved this jacket so much that I ordered the navy color as well.  I feel that it runs alittle on the small side though.
B002QEBOSU XS was too big.... I like the color, the fabric, but the "xs" runs a little too big. I assume that it will happen with all sizes.
B002QHW56M Kids Puma velcro sneaker, great buy My wife complained it was hard to find cool sneakers for our kids. Lucky to have checked Amazon we were able find a great selection and service with the merchant LabeLust. They had a cool Puma kids style easy for our son to put on and take off. The velcro closure made it easy for him to put on and take off. I will return to LabeLust for more good service and cool sportswear.
B002QHW5EO Casual or formal My son wore these shoes with a tux to my brothers wedding, and they looked great.
B002QHW850 Item was clearly used I ordered these shoes to give to my daughter as a Christmas gift.  When we opened them this Christmas morning, I was shocked to find they were not new, but used!  I bought this as a new item.  Then, when I processed my return, I found that I have to pay for the shipping back to Amazon.  As with the previous reviewer, I found a more reputable place to order a NEW pair.
B002QHW9I6 Fabulously Fashionable! As soon as I bought these sneakers for my son, my sister-in-law mentioned that I needed to pass them along to my nephew. They are so adorable and stylish. Love them. Will buy in bigger sizes as my son grows.
B002QHWASA positive there is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safelythere is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safelythere is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safelythere is nothing negative note, for otherwise all safely
B002RFQJD8 no title Grandson wearing them for indoor soccer.  He says they are really good for the type of playing surface he plays on.  Much better than the first indoor soccer shoes he had.
B002RFQJD8 Great Turf Cleats!!! Great cleats!!! I love them so much that I actually bought a second one after playing two game with the first one, so I can keep for later. I am 31 and I play lots of soccer. 3 to 4 times per week.The shoes fit small though. I am a 12, so I purchase a 13. It feels so comfortable on turf and harder surfaces. Its material allows you to control the ball better. One thing I didn't like was the laces. They are really slim, so I purchase some red one bigger ones for $2, and they are better.
B002RFQJD8 Great soccer shoes for turf and short grass I used them once at this point. And they seem very durable and so far they feel comfortable even in the first use. At this point I would by them again without thinking.
B002RFQLMM lace all in all i got exactly what i wanted. for my first cleats it was perfect but only thing was that the holes for the lace was not that strong or either i tie them to tight :) but i was perfectly satisfied.....
B002RFQLMM decent cleats comfortable, light, and great athletic cleats in general. BUT if u play on a grass field, it will dig into the field alot.. a little too much traction for my taste which leads to ALOT of dirt on the bottom of ur cleats by the end of the match. Also i found that it creases easily so that takes away some style points. But i'd recommend it because they are nice cleats
B002RFQLMM Fake! Yes they are cheap but they are FAKE!!!I compared them and the logos are wrong. Also you can tell the material is low quality.
B002RFQLMM Not long-lasting Bought this for my husband because he is an avid soccer player.  They looked great and arrived on time but they are just not durable.  After two months they already started tearing from the yellow side part of the cleat.
B002RFSJD6 super fast shipment excellent quality The shoes arrived several days earlier than i expected and in perfect condition, I've been using the 3 times week since i got them with absolutely no problems.I have zero complaints
B002RFXETK Pretty good shoe These are a little wider than I would have liked for my size but it's still a pretty good fit and comfortable enough, but most importantly the shoes have held up through 3 pretty intense indoor sessions and are still going strong.  I was a bit concerned when, after 2 games part of the heel fell off of the sole but it is pretty minor (only a small chip)and doesn't affect how you move at all.  I did have to add a little super glue to the sole just to make sure it didn't get any worse but so far that's it.
B002RFXH06 Make Sure It Fits The shoes is narrowly shaped so make sure your feet are not the wide type then you will feel it is too tight. Other than that the shoe gives you a good feeling of ball control becasue it almost feels as an extension of your own feet naturally, with a great protection from its surface material.
B002RLBC8E I like them! Although they are pretty thin so I don't imagine them lasting very long. They wash well and haven't shrunk or anything.
B002RT8FM2 Stylish and useful. Hello,I have long eschewed the use of bulky conventional wallets which bulge out. 2 reasons : 1) I dont like something sticking into me while sitting down 2) Aesthetically, its displeasing to have a large bump on your rear end. I started using slim holders with a zipper to hold my driver's license, a couple of credit cards and maybe whatever little cash or coins I carried.Usually used the conventional rectangular shaped holders, loved my slim holder from Bally (Switzerland). But lost it recently. Was on the look out for something like that when I ran in to this.This wallet is pretty large 5 inches from its tip to tip in length and 3.75 inches at its broadest side. It comfortably fits in the rear pocket of a trouser and its large enough to fit in quite a few cards and cash / coins. It is slim, so it wont stick out like a normal wallet, when you have it in your trouser's rear pockets.Its extremely slick. :) Shiny textured leather and the ferrari logo embossed on the rear, and the puma logo in metal on the front.I went for the red colored model, and I am happy with my purchase.Its zipper is sturdy and the overall construction (stitching, etc) is excellent quality. I can see this one lasting me quite a few years.If you are concious about your appearance and like a slim and cool looking accessory, go for it.I love puma shoes and bags, which I used to buy from the Puma showroom in downtown Stockholm, Sweden. Well, this is one more puma product I like. I hope Puma starts releasing its latest line in the US as well. Their European line is much more racy.Thanks,Kaushik
B002RT8GK8 so so I bought this bag for my nursing stuff.  It's okay.  Not impressive.  The size was much smaller than I expected.  I was looking for something similar to my awesome books-a-million tote that I got as a free gift a couple years ago and for that reason I guess I was a bit disappointed.  It's hard to guess what you're gonna get based on a picture.
B002RT8GTO WHAT A TROOPER! I GIVE MY BAGS A BEATING AND THIS THING HASNT EVEN SHED A PIECE OF SEQUINS. VERY DURABLE AND VERY CUTE!
B002RT8H7U for kid or mom or dad i like the size of this.  my three year old or myself or my husband can wear it.  you can't pack a ton but you can bring what you need for a day trip.  it was wonderful to have in Disneyland!
B002RT8H7U Great little travel pack! For starters, I bought two of these packs, one black, and one gray, for myself and my wife for our trip to Washington DC. I just want to say that I love that these packs. They are so spacious inside. I like the smaller zipper pocket inside to keep valuables or coin. I thought that these were just the right size to carry souvenirs and maps, as well as snacks and waterbottles. We never had any issues with them. One small complaint is that the straps could be a little longer, because once the pack was full of souvenirs they were getting a little tight, but still it wasn't uncomfortable or anything.Pros:Decent size for traveling or sightseeingSmall valuable pocket inside keeps things in one placeLarge enough to accomodate more than a few itemsLooks great!No nonsense included (extra pockets or straps or any other unnecessary junk)Cons:Straps could be a little bit longer
B002RT8H9I bike bag Larger pouch fits decent amount of things.  Smaller one is a bit narrow but can fit blackberry and a chapstick and a few small items.  Also stays nice on shoulder..and unisex!  Very practical for bike riding or hiking - so hands can be free.
B002RT8HL6 A lot bigger than I thought....... I love this bag...and what I take it to be is fake leather is very soft, the handles are soft as well and it doesnt dig into my sholder like some bags I carry. However, it was alot bigger than I thought it was wich is great because I needed this room for my school supplies.
B002RT8HQ6 PUMA ORIGINAL A good portfolio PUMA LUXURY FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS WHERE IVUS WOMEN WITH ITS BEAUTY AS A GREAT PRODUCT Puma First Round Satchel Handbag, Black.PUMA PURE QUALITY IS THE BEST.
B002RT8HV6 Happy so far I love the look and feel of this purse.  It has plenty of room to hold all of my "daily junk".  The inside pockets help me organize some of those items.  It is a great size for over-the-shoulder; it's not too big and doesn't knock things off shelves as I walk by. The only downside I found, is that the opening is somewhat restrictive.  I HAVE to take the purse off my shoulder in order to get anything in or out.  It isn't the worst thing in the world and I may just be used to my old purse, which was gianormous.  Overall, it is a very good product.
B002RT8I0Q very small bought it for myself only to find that it was very very small indeed. ended up giving it to my nephew for christmas
B002RT8I1U meant for my macbook pro i bought this to protect my precious investment macbook pro that i just bought. i love it"
B002RT8I38 Puma i oredered this bag for my wife , after her mother saw it she loved it so i ordered another one for her mother : )
B002SSUUCA Ouch. I am so disappointed.  I walk to work, and I wanted a cute little shoe to wear instead of flip flops that were hurting my feet.  (God forbid I wear actual sneakers.)  These hurt SO bad.  They rub on the heel, the top of the foot, and the little toe.  I could hardly walk.
B002SSUUCA disappointing i too am someone who walks to work, and that description of these shoes is exactly right. I was looking for something to replace my puma sabadellas since they don't seem to be making any new ones of those. These fit a little bit bigger than the sabadellas and do not have nearly as good a sole on them. Without thick socks they rub your feet raw, and my feet really are sore at the end of the day, which they are not when i wear either my sabadellas or esperas.
B002SSUUN4 Everything I wanted Nice and light. Supportive. It's not the ultimate running shoe but it will certainly replace my walking uggs this spring when it's not quite warm enough to throw on flip flops and not quite cold enough to wear uggs walking back and forth to the car or office. I also wear them in the gym and they are perfect for stationary equipment and aerobics.
B002SSUUN4 its somewhat small in the front side i like this brand for my wifeand she like it tooits useful for long beriod for walking and running
B002SSUUN4 Puma I like the shoe. Felt funny walking in them the first couple time cause of how the toe is turned up a little but now it is fine.
B002SVRNP4 love em one of a kind, to me anyways lol. got minds in all white with the reptile stripe, good shoes. word
B002U0KKXK My husband loved them I purchased these for my husband. He wanted something with wicking ability when he works outside in the heat. He tried them and loved them. He said they were very comfortable and kept him cool. From my perspective, he looked pretty cute wearing them!!
B002U0KKXK Anybody BOXED!!! For the guys long in the ... This fits the guys perfectly, and absorbs sweat and allows you to do all of the sports.  Does not get hinkey after being laundered either!! My husband really likes these.
B002U0KL0C Comforatable, stylish, affordable My wife bought these for me (actually I am writing this review from her account) as a gift, and I am very pleased with them. They are comforatable, have held up well after multiple washes/dryer sessions and she really likes them as opposed to my usual boxers, so I recommend to other's if you are looking for quality men's undergarments.
B002U0KL0C Absolutely perfect I thought these were a bit expensive.  But once I purchased and wore them, they fit perfectly.  They are so comfortable, and don't ride up, plus they are so stylish.  Worth the cost.
B002U0KL20 Great Fit These trunks are GREAT!  Comfortable fit, breathable fabric, don't bunch up... Already ordered more. I've tried other trunks of this type and none of the rest compare, even the more expensive ones.  These are a must have especially for the guy on the go.  No matter what you do they stay in place and stay dry and comfortable the whole time.
B002U0KL20 Great for Workouts I purchased this product to wear for working out and running.  They are great.  They act similar to compression shorts in that they hold everything in place but are not as tight as compression shorts.  They also breath extremely well, are lightweight, and feel like there is nothing there.  The only downside is that the pouch is a little small.  I would definitely recommend this product.
B002U0KL7A garbage This item tore on the very first wearing! Wore it while riding my bike, so it certainly wasn't a real workout. This must be a licensed product since i've always had good results with Puma sneakers. This was kinda my stupidity since I had recently bought boxer briefs under this name and were so uncomfortable, I only wore one par and the second brand new pair went to the back of the drawer. The fit on this item was fine and true, and comfortable, but little good that does since it ripped first time out!
B002U0KL7A Comfortable and Cute and my Boyfriend loves them Title says it all. The waist band is fairly wide and thick so it doesn't roll like some do. I have large muscular legs and the leg straps are comfortable as well.I will be buying the another soon!
B002U0KL7A Puma: Function and Fashion Owned Puma briefs and trunks (and socks), but never their line of jockstrap; in fact, never knew of their existence. Like all their other sports gear/apparel, the fit is great and very comfortable. Love the breathable material. The color palate and design is so fashionable that it's a great use even outside the gym.
B002U0KL7A puma jockstrap well made & hot looking--good price--sexy---sturdy--recommend it w/ the matching underwear==prompt delivery---enjoy itcheck out other jockstraps on AMAZON--great prices
B002U0KL7A Puma Men's Active Liesure Jock Strap,Blk Love this Jockstrap. so comfy, stitching isnt perfect but have had no problems, so far. a little pricey for the quailty of the product but all PUMA products are pricey.
B002U0KL7A Fun and sexy and functional Title pretty much sums up my feelings.  It is functional, yet sexy.  Cane be worn for workouts, under jeans or to greet a playmate at the door.
B002U0KL7A Poor Poor Craftmanship I like to wear these when I work to keep everything well positioned, which they do just fine. My problem has been after a couple of months of use they are starting to fall about like nobodies business. The leg straps are fraying and the pouch seam is starting to come apart as well. I own other jocks, and haven't had problem. Won't be buying anymore PUMA ones though.
B002U0KL9I Great for Working Out Let me just say that you will rarely find me working out in any type of athletic underwear besides these. Absolutely wonderful light mesh material for a majority of the item, and a silky performance material where it matters. The side pocket fits my iPod snugly for running or just so its not flopping around in my pocket. An also stylish look completes this great pair of undies. Would recommend for anyone to purchase! If you're even considering buying these, BUY THEM!
B002U7PZHY Meh.... Looks great...lacks precision on the second hand which is why I needed it.  Keeps time will, but the second hand does not strike the numbers correctly.
B002VGQ4OC Racing heritage The commercial merging of Puma and Ferrari for this most luxurious line of slippers is just nothing short of amazing. The all rubber sole along with the stream line design of the shoe indeed it was design to be worn inside a Formula one indy race car. How many people wear red shoes outside of the gym or race track anyway? Not many, however I get many complements for people about how cool these shoes look. If you want to be notice among a sea of look alikes then look no more and get you a pair, I tell you, you will not be dissapointed and your ego will love you for it LOL...
B002WC7Z4I Terrific PUMA shoe This shoe is lightweight, old school classy and made for everyday wear. PUMA is wise to retain the classics whitch made them a legend in sports shoes. The leather quality is excellent, PUMA has been adding wads of extra padding to the interior in recent years. That makes for a comfy fit.
B002WC86HI i hope u enjoy it it's a nice prodauct form puma and i enjoy it to bogut the shoesthank you puma...........  Bahaddad al Hazrmy
B002WC86HI IMAGE DOES NOT DO JUSTICE Awesome shoe, the gray pattern is not as visible as image makes it appear. Standard PUMA quality, expect nothing less. Thank You AMAZON for large sizes!!
B002WC86HI Awesome really are incredible shoes perfectly aligned seams, plus the level of detail prints are perfect leather, the soles are amazing but they are a little tight I recommend buying half of its highest height measurement.
B002WC8740 Perfect Very confortable, excelent to wear with jeans. I always buy nike for my boy and me but this Puma are another experience. We really recomended
B002WC87O0 Almost perfect I use these shoes for freerunning.  The combination of natural running position, fully predictable traction, and extreme lightweight is nothing short of outstanding.  However, they wear out quite quickly with sustained use.
B002YD8I1O OK, but not great In person, these shoes dont look as good as they appear in the pictures. Mine was 1/2 size smaller, but I just decided to return it rather than replacing it. It is very light, but I doubted it's durability.
B002YD8I1O Love em! I use them mainly for walking around the city AND running on a treadmill (2-3 times a week); so far they've held up quite well (only used them since Nov 2010).  Sole itself is flatter, not much of any arch support, but my feet naturally have quite an arch, so I wasn't looking for much of any arch.  Very light weight and breatheable, so I wouldn't suggest using them in rain.  I have the lime-green ones and they look quite nice!  Size does run more or less as it should.  They were a little tight around the sides of my feet, but after a few days I broke them in and are much more comfortable.
B002YD8KIK Very comfortable and lightweight - great looking! Love these Pumas! Extremely light, and surprisingly supportive. As mentioned, no points of impact. Fit snug around the ankle, but serves more as a cushion than a blister fest...They are better for actual running than the Voltaic line, but probably not recommended for long hauls. Could easily tough out around a 5 mile run but not a lot more.Quite a bit better looking then the picture shows - I wear these casually and find them to be stylish without looking like old-man shoes or a tie-dye shirt...
B002YD8KIK Excellent ExcellentI recommend the product is the perfect size to order, I liked the product enough.Thanks for the speed.
B002YD8KIK Execellant i am using these shoes from last 2 years around 2-3 days a week.they fit like, they are custom made for my feet, even after 2 years they look like new.outstanding quality & great fit.
B002YD8KIK love em it has been over a year since i've got this shoes, and i can say that are one of the best shor i've ever had. good quality, endurance, the comfort is awsome. dont have any complain. a must buy shoe. 1000% recomended
B002YLG0ES Order 2 sizes more These are cut very small and you need to order 2 sizes extra larger because they shrink if you put them in the dryer. The elastic also will not hold up in the dryer so these should be hung up to dry.
B002YLG0ES Comfy and stylish I'm a huge Puma underwear fan! They are very comfortable, durable and super stylish!! They are quite hard to find so I make sure to buy half a dozen each time I find the right color and size!!
B002Z12RU8 Very pleased Quick ship, nice shoes.  Purchased as a gift and recipient was very pleased with the shoes.  Much better value than purchasing at brick and mortar store.  Very Happy!
B002Z12RU8 love em I am very happy with my new sneaks.  They are very comfortable to walk in, exercise, etc.  The best part was that I paid less through Amazon!
B002Z12RU8 Awesome worktout/mat shoe!!! I do an hour of cardio kickboxing at least three times a week, normally barefoot.  I've been struggling with heel pain and picked up these shoes at the recommendation of a friend.  I have worn other martial arts shoes which normally have very little arch support, and have tossed them aside out of discomfort and annoyance.These Pumas are so awesome - they have a very high supportive arch and I am able to comfortably go through a workout wearing them, and go about the rest of my day without pain.I'm considering buying a suede pair for jeans/everyday wear.If you have high arches and heel pain give these a try!
B002Z12RU8 Don't like it I am a big fan of PUMA sneakers. However, these are so unconfortable! My feet hurt after two hours of walking in these shoes {not even my pumps with 4inch. heels are so unconfortable). They are not leather, so my feet are sweating and don't even look as good as PUMA suede sneakers. I can't return them as I wore them outside already, but if I could, I would not keep them.
B002Z12SV6 Perfect flats! These are absolutely perfect. They have enough support to keep your feet comfortable all day, have great styling, and do not cause your feet to get hot or sweat.  I can literally wear these 24/7 without discomfort. (not that I'd ever want to wear any shoe that long!)
B002Z12SV6 Wish I bought more of these I wish I had found these shoes sooner! I would have  bought a bunch in different colors! These are the most comfortable flats, and I could walk in them all day. I would definitely recommend this product!!
B002Z12TZG Buy it! No doubt this is one of Puma's top designs. Eclectic, comfortable and highly fashioned shoe. A must have for modern ladies.
B002Z12TZG Comfortable, stylish, perfect!! I had these before and they got messed up. I'm super happy I found them on here. They're perfect. SUPER comfortable, stylish. I get a lot of compliments on them. I would def recommend these to all the ladies. And the colors are perfect.
B00301ECDC Is my shoe decomposing? Don't buy these shoes unless you have $ to throw away! The grey area is made of some crappy rubber like paint that starts to crack off after the very first wear. I was so upset about this but by then, I already threw away the box and it was over a months time so a return was no longer an option.Don't get me wrong, they are very comfortable but they look busted after just 2 days of wearing.
B00303GWY2 I liked them a lot Exactly as the picture. The little dots you see are not printed but like little holes (ventilation system, I suppose). They are gray because the interior is gray. I would assume that in the pink option, they would be pink. I only wish there was a better way to purchase shoes without trying them on. They were a little bit big. But with a 7 year old girl, buying shoes is never fun or easy.
B00303GWY2 Great little sneakers Got these on sale for my 15 month old granddaughter, and they fit perfectly. Also flexible and well padded. Highly recommended
B00303GXWI Puma Little Kid Hawaii These shoes are bad@ss and my son looked cool as heck in them.  Not much else to really say!
B00303GYB8 PUMA ONCE THIS SHOE WAS WASHED IT DEVELOPED A BROWN STAIN TO THE FRONT.ANY SUGGESTIONS AS TO HOW TO GO ABOUT REMOVING IT.
B00304RNZI Sizing is two sizes on the small side I was very disappointed to receive this shirt. I could tell just taking it out of the packaging that it was far too small. I ordered a 2X Large for my husband and the shirt size was barely a medium even though all the tags said 2X Large. The quality of the shirt was very good but completely useless considering the horrible size difference. I returned the item for refund and still have yet to see the credit back for it.
B0030BFBUK like walking on clouds fits well and it's super light! like walking on clouds. i got the one with the orange trim...the orange is a bit bright compare to the one on the picture but it's okay...it's a minor thing. perfect shoe for working out.
B0030BFF5Q Love these! These are very comfortable and provide a good amount of support. I like them because they're more stylish and less bulky than traditional sneakers. I'll use them for all my cardio and spin as well.
B0030BFH3Q good pumas buy them on sale and purchase was excelete, I saw and loved from the first moment, I use them daily. Recommended
B0030KMONS Hmmm If i was a young boy they would have been wonderful! returned them because i read description wrong these are NOT MENS they are BOYS thankfully i am not the only one that has done this. AHEM..
B0030KMONS Fit Fit was okay all around, except for the thigh area too tight for boys with huskey/muscular legs.Puma  Boys 8-20 2 Pack Boxer Briefs
B0030NLDXC Shorty This dress appears so cute online, but when you get the product you realize it is shorter than most similar dresses.  The girl's bottoms will most likely hang out.
B00318DGJA This shirt rocks! I love this shirt! I bought it for my husband, and it looks great. The shirt has not faded after 10+ washes (in cold water), and the material is soft, quality material.
B00318DGKY Looks great on males or females This jacket looks nice on. I am a female and I received lots of compliments on it. The only thing is if you throw it in the wash with ANYTHING with color, the white parts of the jacket turn colors. So be SURE to wash it alone.
B00318DGRC Hot T-shirt on Guys I purchased this product for my husband and he LOVES this shirt.  The fabric, quality of the shirt, print detail, and fit are all excellent.  He actually ownes the gray and the green shirt.
B0031O0ESK awesome! its more precious, delight and excelent having it!!! is one of the most great gifts I gave to me really
B0031O0ESK very unhappy and disappointed I got this as a Christmas present and I was very excited about wearing.  After wearing it for a few hours I noticed it had stopped working 2 hours after it was set to the right date and time.  We reset the time and I continued to wear it, but noticed shortly afterwards it stopped working again. I am extremely disappointed and I do not recommend this product to anyone.
B0034PB9BM Just as the picture I'm starting to practice soccer, and this soccer training shirt was just what I wanted. It's just as you see it in the picture, and it's true to size.
B0035RQZPO Not really reversible The shorts arrived exactly as they looked online, good looking and nice quality. However, if you want reversible shorts as described in the title, don't buy these shorts.  The tag and inseams deter use of the other side.
B00361FQ40 Best Running Shorts I've Ever Had I am a serious runner, doing multiple marathons, half marathons, etc. every year. As such, I have the opportunity to spend a LOT of time in shorts, and I have used MANY pairs of shorts. I originally found these Puma shorts two years ago and they quickly became my favorite. They are very lightweight, comfortable, AND flattering. Anytime I run a race, especially a marathon or a half, these are the only shorts I use because I know I can count on them. (26.2 miles in bad/uncomfortable shorts is pure misery) They are great in both warm and cool weather. I love the drawstring and the inner pocket. I would wear these shorts for everything, but I found myself wanting to 'save' them only for long runs or races, so I wouldn't wear them out. After more than two years, they are still in great shape. I was absolutely thrilled when I found them on amazon! Now I have a couple pairs and can wear them all the time. These are hands-down my favorite shorts of all time.
B00361FQ40 Still not sure... I'm still not so sure about these and have left the tag on them for that. They do have sewn-in underwear so that's a plus depending on which way you like it.  I ordered an XS and they are actually a little less fitted than in the picture - they seem to bellow out at the sides, and I'm not really all that sure that I'm a fan of that.
B00361FQ68 It wasn't what i expected but was fine I like this colore and desing but this material was a little uncomfortable, I paid it in mi size but It's apparently smaller
B003627KV6 arrive on time why not sell items, like backpacks, shirts, trousers, watches, belts, if the bender could buy some more
B00368BS8Q nothing skinny about these skinny pants bought the size small:  seems to run large, and the legs are wide -- they look nothing like the form-fitting picture displayed.still giving 3 stars because the material is super-slick and yummy to the touch.  they are really, really comfortable.just wish they weren't wide-legged and floppy.
B00368BSM2 hoodies have not had a chance to wear it yet. I will say this though. the product looks just like the picture, very thin material. You can bold it up and put it in your back pack or something. That's pretty much all i have on this product, like i said i have not worn it yet. I would imagine with the material it would great for the beach or something to just throw on your shoulders with a lil breeze out.
B0036ED91E So far, so great I received this quickly from the seller and put on and played within a week of receiving. Let me tell you, these puppies are comfortable and they work well. I participated in our state's over 30 men's soccer tournament this weekend and these babies helped take home the gold. Of course, I like to think I had a little something to do with it too. I didn't even have to break these in. I wore around the house one night and played in them 2 days later. For the price, style and so far, construction of these shoes, you cannot go wrong. We'll see how long they last, but my last several pair of sneakers have been Puma's also and as a former Adidas shoe wearer, I'm beginning to become sold on running with the Puma.
B0036FTBL0 Great looker but the trim falls off (fairly quickly) As per title. I actually glued it back on and it lasted longer than when I bought them. Additionally the web toe area faded badly destroying the look of the item. All in all its better to buy something else, shame.
B0036HVQCA Comfy and breezy Chose this because I don't like shorts with the mesh brief and these are just what I was looking for.
B0036HVQCA puma shorts these shorts are great. they're very light and easy to fun in. some type of support is necessary though as the material is somewhat translucent and they come up pretty high on the leg
B0036HVQCA Inseam description wrong... or I misread ! Bought  these because I do not like the fabric hitting my knees when running or playing.  The inseam in the description says 5.0 ... actual 7.0 ... too long ! ... REREAD the item page and I guess what I thought was 5.1 inches is a Brand of Puma.... website says 6.7 inch inseam.  SORRY PUMA - I did you wrong with this review of 2 stars, changed to 3 stars  but returning anyway.
B0036HVQCA light and comfortable Fresh for exercise. But have no side pockets :( I'm 32 on waist and I ordered a small one but fits me a little tight ...
B0036HXFNS Short shorts, no pockets These are great for soccer, a bit on the short side though.  They are very lightweight and airy.i'm 6'4" tall and they ride a bit high on my thighs.  Nothing too uncomfortable, but i would like to add 3 inches to them.I still use them every saturday for my games.
B0036HXFNS weird fit I. Bought these at tj max so length wasn't a surprise (not short shorts short but shorter then pictured.) But the fit was odd. I was suspicious that I'd acedently bought women's shorts. The style code on the tag is men's. The feel very flat fronted. The press up againts the front but are very loose in the back. Maybe it the winter weight I'm still trying to take off but the fit me odd.Probably wouldn't have bought them if I tried them on in store but nice light running shorts worth clearance price. Glad I kept them.
B0036HXFNS Shorter than the picture shows Bought these for my husband and returned them because they hit mid-thigh, not almost to the knee as the picture shows.
B0036HXFNS No pockets, basic short There are no pockets, and when I purchased this item the description didn't say whether or not there were pockets.  The material is mesh, it looks / feels nice.  I am returning the item.
B0036VN9I0 Just what I expected I liked it but it was for a present. Sent it overseas and the report was that he liked it and it fir right.
B0036VN9MQ Fits ok. Design wise, some features are need careful review to spot Fits ok like my other puma apparel. Design wise there are some feature which are not immediately obvious in the picture but upon careful scrutiny, it is possible to spot but it came too late for me.For example the collar. I wanted a crew neck i.e. round collar but this t-shirt came in slightly v-necked collar. After I received it and looked at the picture. Realized it is there but I didn&#8217;t spot it. my bad.Also, the rear of the t-shirt is slightly longer.  Would have preferred it to be of the same length all round but I guess something I should have spotted as well. As a result, it gets 3 stars. Material is nice and comfy though.
B0036VN9VM Perfect! This shirt is great.  Perfect fit, I'm 5'11", about 185 and I got the large.  Dries very quickly and very comfortable while working out.  I might have to find a few different colors.
B0036VNBA6 great shorts Excellent shorts. Very versatile... can even be used for swimming. Be warned that they are pretty long but that doesn't bother me at all. Nice quality, have had them for about a year and had zero problems.
B0037KMMMY Yee! Shipping was quick.The color of this shoe is of grayish silver; a bit different from the display picture,but it's alright because it looks even better!
B0037KMNAU Uglier than shown! Just not attractive,  As soon as I put them on, my wife and I both knew they would be returned!  Nothing wrong with construction, however.
B0037KMNAU Defective I have owned these 4 times. AND loved them every time. But the last two pairs I ordered were extremely stretched out in the heel and didn't cling to my foot at all. Really disappointed. This seller also sent me the wrong size...even though the box had the right size on it. Quality control much?
B0037KMNAU Satisfied I'am 100% satisfied with these sneakers and would recommend it to anyone else willing to spend a few bucks in good sport shoes.
B0037KMNAU Loved these shoes... I loved the style of these but unfortunately my instep/arch was too large for them, plus the perforations started ripping pretty much after only a couple of wears. I have a friend that has a pair and he's had no problems, but his feet are flatter than mine.
B0037KMO1S Great shoes These are quite comfortable and really cute. I have average width feet with an average arch. I am a true size 8 and these shoes are too. They aren't sized to wear socks, and when I tried dress shoe liners the heel cushion on these kept pushing them down. With bare feet, they are quite comfortable and don't press or rub anywhere, certainly not made of hard plastic! Probably the only thing that I wish was different is that just slipping my feet in them pushes the tongue forward uncomfortably. Have to hold the tongue in place while I slip my foot in. I should probably just add a couple of stitches to hold it in place and solve that problem.But in reference to an earlier review, if you do don't find them to your liking, maybe return them instead of throwing them in the trash.
B0037KMP6W Puma Lover These are my FAVORITE!!!! I love the neon pink and silver combination and I think the black soles are unique.
B0037KMP6W Puma Etoile These are my favorite shoes of all time! I have 3 pairs in different colors (pink and silver, blue and white and also brown suede).  I have also had the Puma Soleil style, when I couldn't find the etoile style, and even though there wasn't a huge difference the stitching style and direction was poorly thought out on the toe and ripped with in a week. I want these Etoile shoes in every color!!
B0039PTGKI Big I like to use big bags and this one is what I was lookin for.It's big, soft and it has a great color for going to the gym...
B0039PTI6K awsome bought this one a while ago it was beautifull just a bit smaller than i spected but its still in perfect condition... i just loved it
B0039PTIJC Excellent for academy Beautiful bag, excellent material, resistant and very ideal size large, for trips and academy. The tariffs would have you be to lower!
B0039PTJNC PUMA CABANA A PUMA excellent portfolio, FACINANTE ONLY IN THE MARKET FOR A TASTE OF MY WIFE, VERY BEAUTIFUL AND THE COLORS ARE AMAZING THE ORANGE IN VIVO.
B003AUHERO Beautiful! I am brazilian and not a football fanatic, but when the world cup approaches things change! Here, the streets are painted in yellow and green, we have flags hanging out our windows and so on...This year, I have decided to go a bit further in the cheering by buying some shirts from other countries which I hold dear! Italy being the country where my father's family is from, is one of them.As soon as I saw this t-shirt, I found it beautiful. I didn't want a plain team jersey and this one fit the purpose. The shirt is really as beautiful as the picture and more: the lines that make the stars are made by tiny numbers which represent the years Italy was World Champion.There was not one person I showed it to that didn't liked it as well. It was nicely conceived by Puma.One thing though: I suggest buying up a size as it is a tight kind of numbering. I also bought a shirt by Adidas, same size and it got bigger than the Puma.Loved it!!!
B003AUHEU6 Fits like a charm! Even though the 2010 World Cup is over, and my team (Italy) was eliminated early on, this is an EXTREMELY nice training tee (jersey). I have a small frame but it fits me perfectly. Seriously, I could sleep in this thing if I wasn't so worried about ruining it before the 2014 World Cup!  The material feels great over bare flesh and it feels really durable. I proudly wear this out randomly, I just wish I had ordered two.
B003AUHEU6 Great-looking, comfortable Italian soccer shirt This shirt fits perfectly as the sizing chart indicated.  It also looks really good.  It did not shrink for me as another reviewer indicated.  I washed it in cold water and air dryed it.Brian
B003BNY2DY great long sleeve top Really like that this top is long sleeve and easily layered over a fitted tank or sports bra. Note that it is slightly translucent, but contrasting colors look dope underneath. you will want to wear something underneath, or get asked to leave the gym... Keeping the need for an under-layer in mind, you may want to get a size larger since it's still fairly fitted, plus the kangaroo pocket looks better sitting lower (centered on your abs), than right under your bust line, too small might make one look short-waisted. Good quality, good design, thumbs up
B003BNY8QK A once-great design has now become poor I owned this same watch in white for many years, and it was far superior. This version has all the same features: chronograph, alarms, timers, heart rate monitor, in-zone timers. However, physically, it's got some big flaws that make me pull my recommendation for it.Pros:- The above-mentioned features- Syncs automatically with a wide variety of cardio equipment- Large display- Looks cool- Lightweight despite its sizeCons:- The display is unreadable in anything other that bright, direct light. The older white version had the typical black-on-gray display which had terrific visibility in most lighting conditions. Unfortunately, the backlight on this current version doesn't even help that much, except in pure darkness.- Other reviewers are correct--the face is now SO easily scratched. While I had the white version for about 5 years and it barely had a scratch on it, this one is easily scratched within just a few days. I actually have to take the watch off when doing kettlebells, so I'll risk rendering the display completely unreadable.- The light-up red bar for in-zone HR training is nice, but just like the old version, you can't unlink the light and the beeping. Would've been nice if Puma had updated this feature so you can get a visual indicator without annoying everyone around you with the beeping.- The buckle is now easily scratched as well. It's painted black, and well, now the silver is showing through after only a few wears.- Battery in my strap was dead upon receipt. I had to replace it with a new CR2032.Come on, Puma, the point of releasing newer versions is to correct the issues with the older ones, not to cheap out on materials and design.
B003BNY8QK Poor, don't buy. Bought it came with a finger print right out of the box. Scratches real easy. I was expecting more for a watch over 100. Menu's are boring. Hard to read in the sunlight, dim at night. The bar never worked for me. The band broke too for me. Don't buy it, not worth it.
B003BNY8QK Valentines gift for my lady. At first a little difficult to use. But my lady loves it so if she is happy then so am I. It does everything as described allows her to continue to keep track of her calorie burning even after we are done on one machine at the gym and moving to the next.
B003BNY8QK Pretty decent heart rate monitor watch PROS:-the monitor is very snug and comfortable!-the watch looks great-packaging was very impressive-has heart rate alarm/indicators-has timer/alarm, etc. manually adjustable heart rate limitsCONS:-there is some lag with the heart rate monitor (not objective data, but i'd say somewhere around 5-15 seconds?)-the indicator blinks, and doesn't stay lit-the heart rate alarm beeps when you're in normal range: a bit annoying and I wish it would only beep when you're OUTSIDe the range-you have to get used to using the buttons without the manualnotes:-the display may look dark when you first receive it, but works well in daylight/night
B003BNY8QK Very confusing. I've used this maybe 5-10 times. Its doesn't have clear controls and directions. I would have to look at manual any time I wanted to do something. If the buttons were less confusing, this product would be 5 stars easy, but I don't want to read the manual EVERY time I use it.
B003BNY8QK Works great! Everything works well. Very easy to use once you figure out the settings and the button layout. Very happy with the purchase so far!
B003BNY8QK great buy the item is not heavy (at least for a 25 year old guy) as other buyers have stated. very useful. I use it daily
B003BNY8QK Puma Heart Rate Monitor The watch works very well as a heart rate monitor, timer, and stopwatch. It's easy enough to set up and operate, and I like how all the buttons are on the top and easy to press when you're working out. One thing I don't like about it is the size of it, and even though it's that big, the red display is small and kind of hard to see, especially indoors. Someone has mentioned that the display also scratches easily, and mine already has a few, although it's new. I hope that this doesn't become a problem later.
B003BNY8QK It works. It works, but someone has already stated, whatever the cheap plastic is that its made of, all you have to do is look at it funny and it screws up the face.I could only see it being used in a sterile room, and don't touch it.
B003BNY8QK great producto for the price easy to configurelooks greatuseful information for beginnersnumbers are a little difficult to see in certain circumstances, but it's OK.
B003BNY8QK Where's the Average Heart Rate? I bought this "watch", not because I needed a watch, but becasue I needed a heart rate monitor. Specifically I wanted a heart rate monitor that provided an  average heart rate after my workout. Product description says this HRM provides "average" heart rate.  No where in the instructions is there mention of "average" heart rate.  Further more there is no support number to call.  I did email and 4 days later still no response.  Also, as others mention the red readout is impossible to read without using the back light which only lasts for a second.  I did not want to continously be pushing the light to monitor my heart rate.  If you want a fully functioning heart rate monitor I definitely do not recommend this one.  It's going back to Amazon today.
B003BNY8QK I expected Better from Puma Very difficult to read.HRM is very difficult to turn off.Overall quality is not what I expected from a brand like Puma.
B003BNY8QK very nice I am always getting complements on this watch. the timer helps me at work, while I manage the gym and the hrm is quite cool as well. Too clear any confusion the hrm does come with a chest strap
B003BNY8QK Wish I never bought it most disappointing purchase I ever bought.Lots of reasons.  The band is short, and cant even go under the second loop, and I do not have thick wrists.VERY complicated to modify times, you have to spend much time figuring it out.The display is extremely difficult to read, you have to squint.  Even the light button barely increases the visual.I recommend looking for something else, I know it looks cool from the package, but you will not be impressed.
B003BNY8QK Excellent purchase First purchase I do hereby seemed serious and responsible ... I recommend it! .. that is why I give it the highest rating ...
B003BNY8QK Small strap I have big wrist (8-8.5 inches) and wrist strap of this watch is way to small.  I did not want to return it (because I like it) so I resorted to making a new hole to accomodate my wrist.  It works very well and picks up signal in the gym's threadmill (for the heart rate).  Overall a good buy but beware of the small strap.
B003BNY8QK Cardiac II Black I foud this watch very interested when I order,but once I get it was very difficult to read the cardiac mode
B003BNY8QK I can't see the numbers I wish I could say I liked this watch. I'm not sure if I just got two that were defects or what. The first one I bought I returned because the numbers were to dark. I figured it was a defect and shipped it back and got another. Again the numbers were to dark so I took it and had the battery replaced unfortunately that still did not do the trick. The only time I can see the numbers is when I turn on the light feature. I'm sending the other back and have decided to try the Polar Loop.
B003BNY8QK good i love it, it doesnt have buttons on the side to accidently set it off, the cardiac heart monitor part of it is stupid though, but i guess if you really want to be uncomfortable with that thing around your chest while you run. i really do enjoy the watch, very sporty, yet conservative.
B003BNY8QK Not worth it The lens is so dark you cannot read the anything on the display. I could not tell if the monitor works well because you cannot read the display.
B003BNY8QK Looks great  and does it job well for the price This item looks stylish on my wrist and i like all the basic features it is equipped with for tracking. Probably a great a choice for this price range. Only discomfort is its hard to read the red digital display on a black background. you can read display only in bright light. I would have prefereed white digital display on a black background.
B003BNY8QK So far so good Its simple to use and It does what its meant to. It has a cheap look and not the best display...but for 60 dolars I think its worth it. I wouldn't pay more money for this watch.If you only need to check your HR during workout and see calories burned, this is a very cheap option.
B003BNY8QK I like it It's very easy to use, nevertheless I think would be better a little bit more bright in the screen, sometimes is difficult to see the hour.
B003BNY8QK Poor customer service My watch strap broke in a month,i tried contacing puma they directed me to another department the lady does not pick up calls or return calls. while i am interested even for paying for strap i cant find replacement online and customer service doest even pick your call even the first time, i dont get how they provide warranty if they dont even answer
B003BNY8RE exc purchase I bought this for my father because he started to do exercises, and now he only uses that ever for use in a daily basis...very similar to a Polar
B003BNY8RE Nice HRM This watch really does have it all. Its sleek, calorie counter, water resistant, back light, heart rate monitor, and most importantly tells time very well.The major flaw? Well Amazon recently changed it but it used to say the display was made of mineral, which it isn't and they have subsequently changed it. How did I know? Well that's easy cause I went to get a soft cloth to clean what I thought was a smudge (was a bad scratch) and scratched the lens more. This watches display was made of acrylic! Acrylic are you kidding me? I spend this much on a watch to have an acrylic display?!! Who even uses Acrylic anymore for displays or what not? DVD's don't even use Acrylic they use polycarbonate, so that means this watch will scratch easier than your DVD discs. Mine came scratched heavily on delivery.Here's the even worse deal about acrylic and that's the fact that you CAN NOT USE ANYTHING TO CLEAN YOUR WATCH except for specialty cleaning kits for acrylic surfaces, which will cost you time and money. Yep, that's right, so if you see that smudge on it. Don't touch it! because you'll probably scratch it. In comparison you can use a 100% cotton t-shirt to clean your DVD discs by gently rubbing them with lukewarm water, but you can't do the same with Acrylic lenses or surfaces.
B003BNY8RE WOW THE CHEST STRAP DOESNT WORK ANYMORE This watch is awesome but all it truly does now is tell time !!! at first everything worked well the heart monitor and calorie counter but now the heart monitor only works when it wants to which is pretty stressful one time it took the chest strap 30 minute to detect a heart rate and sometimes it wont even detect a heart rate at all. I just bought this watch 3 weeks ago. Over all you're dealing with a cheap made in china toy heart monitor that is not gonna be worth you money .... Invest in a polar heart monitor sure you will pay maybe 60 dollars more but it will last longer than this.
B003BNY8RE Not as cool as advertised The display is hard to see most of the time and the lighted graph is really a sporadic series of lights that don&#8217;t display well when you are on the move, or working out.  The Heart Rate monitor works with the treadmill at LifeTime Fitness so it has that going for it&#8230;
B003BNY8RE Heart Rate Monitor Manual Ok, the package came. I was reading the manual and to understand the HRM thingy, but unfortunately I couldn't find. The watch seems complicated at first but eventually is easy to use. Very fashionable and nice.
B003BNY8RE No good I would suggest before sending your product to costumer please check all functions and make sure that it is in satisfactory condition. The strap did not work at all...
B003BNY8RO love my watch love this kinds of sport watchs. I have even gotten two of this, one for my brother and everybody who sees it, ask me where I have gotten this. the only one is that you should pay attention to this plastic material which it is not very good and it unstuck after a time of use. be careful
B003BNY8RO Unreadable It had all the features I wanted, but The face is iimpossible to read, with it's dark background and red numbers/lettering.
B003BNY8TM Thnks!! Thnks for all, is awesome watch i love it :) is for my birthday and is my awesome gift =D thnks for all and good seller :)
B003BNY8TW To be honest... It was fine.  Not at good as it looks in the picture but it works and all.  It had many more features then i thought it would have.  It seems to be fine as of now.
B003BNY8UQ Puma watch comments This product is very suitable for women, the design is beautiful and it seems practical for all occasions. Perfect for sport or for any time of day. This product was a birthday gift and complained about some details of its use. There are some cons that have to do with the configuration. For any woman is not easy to put the time, alarm and other extras. This model could be better designed to manage and activate their functions.
B003BNY8VU To ridgid My wrist is NOT round. My wrist is a slinder oval. The watch band is so ridgid, it will not conform to the shape of my wrist. My circulation keeps getting cut off. Threw this thing away. Useless!
B003BNY8W4 I hate you with a fiber of my being I never knew exsited I can barely read it. I can't set it. There is alarm set that goes off every morning, it took me 3 days to figure out where the dam ringing was coming from, I had a lot of stuff in that area.  It is a lovely watch, just not practical. and the alarm constsntly going off has me wanting to tale every once off my anger and beat it with a mallot until its demise is reached.
B003BNY95U jesus navarro the watch is very nice needs were satisfied that he had the time of purchase right for certain occasion.excellent article, I got just what I expected, thanks
B003BNY96E Watch sent damaged This could be a cute accessory but when I opened it I saw that the bezel is scratched (the plastic cover on it was pulled back). As an enthusiastic purchaser of PUMA products, it's a shame that they sent me something like this. I suppose this will be my last Puma purchase. For $70, you'd think Puma would offer a replacement. So far, radio silence.
B003BNY96E Qualidade da Pulseira - plastico O desenho do rel&oacute;gio da Puma eh bonito e adequado para o p&uacute;blico jovem, sua pulseira me pareceu fraca e o material eh pl&aacute;stico que endurece com o tempo.
B003BNY96E It Didn't work Beautiful design, the one that I chose to go to the gym but I got sad when I received it, I had to turn it back because it didn't work.
B003BNY96E beautiful I was looking for a sport and beautiful watch, and this one is exactly this.. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful!!! I recommend
B003BNY96E I love this watch! Have you ever undergone some adventures and resisted all. Was made ''of a material that favor, the rubber does not dirty. Besides everything is beautiful, I have received many compliments.
B003BNY96E Puma Ladies watch PU910672002 Lovely item, would suggest to all the ladies, reasonably priced and attractive look.Arrived intact.Good working condition.
B003BNY96E WRONG DELIVERY 
B003BNY96E Hermoso Muchas gracias por el trabajo realizado. El reloj esta verdaderamente hermoso. Se ve mas hermoso en mi mano, ja ja ja ja ja ja. Felicitaciones!!!
B003DTSPHA Nice and shaped Branded shaped, designer stylish...For Daily activities, good to give it a try, heavy and lastingHard black Rubber bands
B003DTVEFK Short facts of this device I saw this watch at my local watch-dealer and had to buy it - love at the first glance :-)The LCD Display seems to show yellow digits, but using the electric backlight, you see a shiny green display, maybe there is a filter laid over normal coloured LCD digits, pretending yellow digitsWrist band made of soft plastic material, fits very good* it looks stylish, sporty,* usefull functions as mentioned below:1. Time is shown ashour:minutes: seconds AND Day of the week and date(mind: all pictures in the net show "month:year" - my item - bought in Austria - shows the above version,2. two time zones (T1 and T2)3. two alarms4. chime (= one beep per hour)5. countdown for maximum 23 hours 59 min and 59 secs6. stop watch with 9 split times (can be recalled time by time),counting up to 23 hours, 59 min 59 secs and 99 1/100 secs6. electric backlight7. as a gimmick:  up and down running yellow blocks which seem to extend the yellow line running round the wrist band at the displayContra:Hard to read negative LCD display, you can see it perfect at normal sunlight or good artificial light, butat poor light, you must use the electric backlightNevertheless: I like it!
B003DTVEFK AWESOME >>>> !!! It's Awesome and I love it...!!!!!!! Could not have asked for a better one..! So cool...YES IT IS SO GREAT!
B003DTVEFK Better than I expected! I read the mediocre reviews, but decided to order it anyway because of the price. I love the way it looks, and it feels like a quality watch. The screen is a bit dark, but not bad. The controls are different from previous casio or timex watches, but still intuitive. ( I did spend a few minutes looking over the instructions first. )
B003DTVEFK non water proof after having it for about a half year, do not use it often unless going to gym or outdoor sports. finally water went in after a few hours of body boarding in Cuba. soooo not impressive.Another thought it was good for outdoor only, because it's hard to read indoor.
B003DTZ62W Shop send me the different stuff!! It's terrible thing! Because they send me the wrong one not the same show on website but too different.they put sticker on the box different serial no. And sold to me.make me so disappoint.
B003DTZI7A Not exactly white This was a gift for my daughter who is a nurse.  She specifically requested it on her Amazon Wish List.  Although it appeared bright white on my monitor the product is a dull dirty white.  She seems to like it but I didn't care for the looks of it.
B003DTZIGQ A fine timepiece Ok, so it is not a high tech tool box of altimeters , barometers etc. Really, it is a simple good looking capable watch that does well as a personal timepiece. Be careful with being too bold with taking it swimming/shower with you , as it is only water resistent for a splash or two at the sink. Overall, an easy to use low key in a stylish way time piece that I am happy to wear everyday.
B003DTZIGQ HOW START?? I bought one but do not know how to start it!Can someone tell me how?When I received the package does not work!To do something in particular?
B003DU23C2 Stopped Working! This watch stopped working about two months after I got it. Same issue as the previous reviewer, the display became unreadable.  And it worked just long enough so I couldn't return it!!!
B003E1BXBC Looking good Just what I was looking for but are really mid tops not high tops.  Loving them!!  I would highly recommend them.
B003E7128A Stylish Understatement A beautifully classy yet informal piece. It's shimmering blue and gold colouring makes it very distinguished and handsome. Stylish understatement, comes to mind. It's not only fashionable, but practical as it's comfortable on the wrist, easy to read and you can wear it every day if you want because it never looks out of place. I admire attention to detail, so I personally really like the tastefully placed Puma logos on face, latch, band, and side of the crown, which adds just that little extra touch. An exceptionally well-designed piece that I recomend for anyone. I've had this watch for about six months without a hiccup and I honestly can't find fault with it. As a perfectionist that's not something I say often. Definitely worth more money!
B003EE48UM Art for the artist Very cool sneaker. Christmas present for my pal the graffiti artist. He has several pairs and is a big Puma fan and now I am too. Can a guy in his 50s wear these things?? Sure he can, who cares.
B003EE48UM THE PERFECT GIFT I BOUGTH IT BECUASE I GAVE IT TO A FRIEND ANDHE WAS VERY HAPPY ABOUT IT, HE REALLY LIKE IT
B003EE48UM Great shoes, poor durability Seems a bit of a waste to produce something that doesn't hold up.  The canvas lining used wore through in the heel within a couple of months, and the soles held up for maybe 100km of walking before they wore through.  Great looking shoe, could have been built with better materials to help them last a little longer.
B003EE49MY Recommended Over all, these are decent, wear around sneakers.  The only thing about these that is a little annoying is that the insoles are made of rubber.  When you go to put your foot in it, it tends to bind up your socks.  Sliding your foot all the way in can take a little finesse.  Other than that, once they are one, they are comfortable.
B003EE49MY GREAT THEY LOOK MORE CASUAL IN THE PIC.. THEY ARE KIND OF Y'ALL Y'ALL... KIND OF GUETTO SHOES, BUT STILL VERY COMFORTABLE AND TRENDY.
B003EE49MY Cheap leather They look ok .. There was a  yellow stain on them  i didn't like it it's look like a spill on them cheap leather
B003EE49MY Noisy Shoes are OK overall.Inside at the very back it has (? leatherette) vertical insert.  When the foot goes up & down and heel has some friction against it the shoe emits squeaking. Supposedly thick sock could eliminate it but did not try yet.
B003EE49MY Exactly what I wanted I bought these as a birthday present for someone and the size ended up being accurate. He is enjoying them. Good buy.
B003EE49VA I love them The package arrived on time and the shoes looked exactly like the ones in the picture, they are so comfortable and stylish, i tell everyone where i got them and how quickly i got them so thank you!
B003EE6E0Y RUN DMC LoVe these shoe style from puma! Amazing. Slim cool zippered look. Originally i bought the neon yellow with a medium bright purple in the puma store when they were on sale back then. Then i found them again online after months probably a year of searching and tadaa i found them. At first i was like black, red, and white? aww man why? but then i was like watevs ill just get em cuz my other ones are ripped. Wen i got them i was sooo surprised look better in person.
B003EE6F6C Art of War Looks good. Bought it for my seven year old boy. He is too tough on shoes. Try to explain to a seven year old to be gentle on his shoes, you can't. The biggest wear part is the toe section.
B003EE6F6C Cute velcros My son, who is 6, knows how to tie his shoes but he hates to. I usually hate velcro shoes because they always look cheap. These are so stylish, easy to get on in the mornings, and have washed well the first 3 times or so. I will say that after the fourth wash, the strings started to look frayed a bit, but there was still no tearing.
B003EE6F6C Perfect This product was just that I was expecting. It was two-days shipping.I purchased 7M toddler but I'll noticed later that my baby is 6M toddler,I dont care about that, I'll just wait for a month or two to start using it.It looks so cute on my baby feet.
B003EE7NLI Nice and lightweight These shoes are very lightweight.  The bottom seems a little narrow, but it fits just fine.  These are really cool looking and my friends say they look "Euro" haha.The only thing I don't like about these shoes is the black stripes along the sides are made out of a somewhat stiff fabric.  There are wrinkles accumulating right at the front of the black stripes just from walking around.
B003EE7NMW Good purchase No regrets at all as this sneakers beat my expectations. I would buy it all over again whenever the 'black' returns online as my cousin eventually took this from me.
B003EE7NMW Happy My husband is very pleased with this purchase. It is very hard for him to find shoes being a size 14/15 therefore is awesome that Amazon can procide for him. Thanks!
B003EE7NMW Love it!! I've been looking for this shoe everywhere! I looked on zappos.com and it was $100! They did not even carry my size. I found this on amazon and bought a size 5 since I wear a 6.5 in women's. It came home and I was absolutely delighted! They fit perfectly and were everything I had hoped for!Hoped this helped. :)
B003EE7NPY Awesome! This shoe is beautiful!  The maroon is really deep and the gray areas are a little shiny/metallic which really makes them pop!  Can't speak on fit cause was a gift for brother buthe loves them!
B003EE7OMG pretty but not as comfy as i'd hoped The soles on these are non-existent. The fit is pretty much the same as all of the other puma ballet flats i own, and these are certainly pretty, but they do not offer any cushion or support.  Luckily, the strap across the top means i can fit orthotics inside without the shoe slipping off my foot.
B003EE7SSQ Great soles These shoes are almost petite, and make my feet look small. I love the colors and the attention they bring. But what I love most are the soles. The rubber nubs soften my step and give exceptional traction, especially in dirt, mud and on anything soft. They have a downside though--they pick up debris like it was their job. I am so terribly careless when I walk that there is always something stuck in them, waiting to be tracked indoors or fall out in clumps while I walk. I don't consider it an issue though. It's just what happens when you own shoes with such cool treads. I have walked on sooo many things in them. I often wear them to my messy grocery store because I know they will grip on what people have spilled and dropped. It feels great to step on it and have my shoe grip. The parking lot is the messiest, as there is a fast food place in the store, and people just throw their trash and half eaten food down on the ground. Burgers, chicken, hot dogs, french fries, they are all there, and I just stride over them as if they didn't exist. I rarely slip at all--the treads just bite in. Depending on what I stepped on some, or all, of it will be embedded in the treads, or be marked with the nub pattern. A burger roll gets hundreds of dents from my sole, a burger will often be at least partially stuck in the tread, especially if I twist a bit to gain traction. Later, in the store, I will leave greasy Puma tracks and sometimes the stuck food will fall out, showing the impression of my sole.
B003EE7SSQ Not Red Pumas are great shoes, and I love the style of these. They fit great and are true-to-size, but they are not red as the picture and color names suggest. They are coral.I have a lot of casual red in my wardrobe and I bought these to go with red hoodies and T-shirts ... I decided to keep them because I have other pieces that they match, but if you're looking for a red sneaker, this is not it.
B003EE7TEE Nice style - but flimsy These sneakers have a fun look, and are very lightweight since part of the upper and the tongue are nylon. That made for an interesting feel and I think these would work well in warm weather and/or without socks. However these are a low-end Puma, without any support or much cushioning (like other casual sneakers that Puma makes) and I didn't think they would last more than a year - overall, flimsy. I returned my pair and will spend a bit extra to get a nicer style.
B003EE7TSU excelent choice! My daughter really loved the sneakers, they're comfortable and really cool (that's a direct quote) plus a great price! (: totally recommend them
B003EE7TSU Puma Future Cat Remix These were a gift for my son. He loved them. The fit was perfect & so was the service. Thank you, I love doing my shopping with Amazon
B003EE7TSU You have to find the one you like. Speedcats, Replicats, Future cats, all make it very confusing. But the puma craze for lightweight stylish sneakers continues.Laces don't run down the middle, but if you look hard, deals can be had, assuming you find the right style, size and color from a trustworthy vendor, if not Amazon.I like 'em, as well as my 4 other Speedcat variants. Quite comfortable.Prices can be very volatile, so one day it could be ~$100, the next $34.95. Sop carefully and throw a few of you're to choices in the 'save for later' section of your cart, and watch as the prices fluctuate, and hopefully to a point acceptable to you, and hope you size hasn't run out.Happy with these sneakers.
B003EE7TSU I doubt if it's real I don't know if it's just because of different model or this is a forged one. But it feels much cheaper than my las pair of Puma Sneakers. The sole rubber is hard, the buffed leather feels thin and cheap, and the upper leather is not so soft. It still looks fine. But the ones I bought at Puma store were far better, though different model.
B003EE7V8S As usual, great Pumas My friend described these as "Like Converse, but classy" and I would have to agree. They look great, are solidly constructed, and fit fine. My only complaint is a lack of cushioning around the Achilles. I quickly built up a small callous as a result of the hard edge rubbing through my sock. Unless you're planning on walking all day every day, I don't think it's a big deal.
B003EE7VVA yellow indeed My sister is a yellow fanatic and loves puma. So when I gave her these as a gift, they were on her feet before I could say Merry Chris...! So far no complaints on the sizing and comfort. Unfourtunatly they are suede so she can't really wear them outside the house till the winter is over and snow is gone.
B003EE7XGS They are so cool for your little one. Have them as an adult, they will look really cool on your little one. P.s very comfortable in adult sizes as well.
B003EE7XGS Never again a waste of my money These sneakers look fake as ever the inside pad is felling out when it should be glue in at .
B003EE7XGS Spectacular My baby you are beautiful, the combination of colors is very striking, a conventional design, but obvious, very well crafted, I always buy my baby shoes puma, I like their designs and quality.
B003EE9GYU one uh da best i got these in white..... ive walked in the recent ny snow storm ,in dirt,grass and these have no stains on then at ALL i luv them and they fit like a slipper there perfect....one of the best sneakers ive had than comes my af1 and then oreo 6 nd my supras
B003EE9GYU They're Grrrrreat!!! The shoes are very comfortable, I say that up front because that is more important to me than the look, and these are the most comfortable sneakers I have owned. But the LOOK! They are awesome. I get compliments all the time, mostly because they are bold and stand out. They are RED, really red, as Red as can be even more red than they appear in the pictures! I have always been a fan of non-traditionally colored sneakers, I prefer blues and reds and tans to simple black or white.Another boon for me is I have yet to see anyone else with them, and I prefer that to the most popular brands and/or colors. They are simply distinct.They are very durable, granted I do not wear these everyday, and do not use them for sports or running, but I have owned them for months and they still look brand new. One note, I had to return the ones I ordered because they were a little small, so go a half size bigger on them.Great product from a great company, you won't be disapponted with these!
B003EE9GYU PUMA Sneakers by far the most Comfortable! Like I said in the title, very comfortable and sleek looking too. I have found that Puma's are always comfy and they last/endure lots and lots of walking. If you are going to Europe, be sure to bring a pair like these, as European cities facilitate walking, and I mean lots of walking. These shoes are stylish, and they are perfect for such use. One note, as a Male-adult, I have found that one size larger than normal is ideal for these shoes.
B003EE9L0E feels like you are waring moccasins This is one of the best styles that PUMA makes, and i am so unhappy, that they have stopped making this style.  with that said, this type shoe is very hard waring and extremely light.  almost like you are wearing moccasins, i have bought 4 pairs just so i will have some when they can no longer be found.
B003EE9M08 Excellent. 100% Recomendable. This product meets all my expectations referring to quality and design. They are so comfortable such as a glove for the feets.
B003EE9M08 Puma Men's Drift Cat III This Puma shoe is very comfortable and fits perfect. I can't say anything about the price is very reasonable and it looks sharp.
B003EE9NC0 IT WORTHS EVERY CENT IT'S SOFT CONFORTABLE AND BEAUTIFUL. I LOVED . IT WAS A GOOD DEAL . IF I COULD I WOULD BAY ANOTHER ONE. IT'S SO BESUTIFUL.
B003EE9O4W Shoes appear black but are a charcoal grey - fit true is to size The straps are Velcro as expected to make it easier for little fingers to put there shoes on by them selves, but the grommets that the straps go through are tight and will require an adult to push the Velcro straps back through.
B003EE9O4W Gender Can I buy this pair of green/yellow pumas for my 4 yr old son? Amazon doesn't specify the gender in the products. So I get confused. Is this for a boy or girl?
B003EE9O4W Such cool little sneakers! I love these sneakers. Thankfully I read the reviews before purchasing, as they do run about a full size large. I bought the 9 for my daughter, and she wears an 8. They are only slightly large for her. Adorable sneakers, though, and seem to be wearing well so far. She's also flat-footed, and they work well on her.
B003EE9O4W Puma Holds UP This product is made very well.  My three year old boy races around in them all day.They are easy to put on and take off.The velcro has not worn out after 4 months of heavy use.This color scheme Grey/Red goes well with many outfits.These shoes have exceeded expectations and get many compliments.They do run a touch big but thats not an issue usually for children since their feet grow so quickly.
B003EE9P14 puma etoile suede steel gray nice sneakers.  have always been a puma fan and own 3 pairs.  the only reason for 4-stars instead of 5 is because the 'tongue' part of the shoes are a bit rougher than my other pairs and tends to rub a bit more against the feet.  not a big problem even with low-cut socks but could be made more comfy (softer fabric or cushioning).
B003EE9P14 Comfy but not on the back foot These shoes are confortable in the bottom of the foot, it has like a support on the ground but on the back, bothers me a little, but in general are good.
B003EEBB16 Puma Rio Racer The Puma Rio Racer is a great sneaker.  It's comfortable, light weight and looks good.  I will purchase two more styles to add to my wardrobe.  It shipped exactly as was estimated to arrive and shipping anything out here to Guam usually takes 2-3 weeks but my order came in 7 days, awesome.
B003EEBB16 Pumas These shoes are exactly what I wanted.  They took a day or two longer than expected to arrive, but I suppose that's because I ordered them at a bad time.
B003EEBCQA Don't step on my red suede Wide, funky, and a little stiff on the heel, but great looking and getting more comfy by the day.  nice and wide on the toe end
B003EEBCQA Very city cool Fit spot on amd are very comfortable.  Excellent quality for the pricce and comes with white and black lace options in the box.  Love these shoes.  I get compliments every time I am kicking with them.
B003EEBF80 Awesome!! True to size, great looking, unique slip on. It definitely gets lots of second looks! Can't wait to find more colors!!
B003EEBGQQ Puma fit is unacceptable I think I'm done buying Puma for a while. The new shoes they have been releasing for a couple of years now seem all to have an annoying fit. Way too snug in the front like other reviewers pointed out. There is nothing unusual about my size, and any other brand fits way better. So, why even waste money on that.
B003EEBGQQ excellent Shoes came in quick after the order was placed. No issues what so ever. They look even better in person. My fiance loved them.
B003EEBGQQ Uppers tore easily I had these shoes for about six weeks when I noticed the uppers had a large tear down one seam. I do not remember catching them on anything. I was outside the return window so could not return them. Closer examination showed the material on the top side of the shoe split right down the seam.
B003EEBGQQ These attract women... I agree with one  of the comments... I am good looking guy I think ( no purpose on lying here since i don't know you.... And don't want to know you) but I found mysel turning are fe and saw girls of all ages starring at my shoes ... Bottom line they are cool ..period.
B003EEBGQQ Puma men`s cell turin are lightweight and comfortable carzado excellent for sports, walking or running principarmente.Many liked the variety of colors that have &iexcl;Artamente recommended!
B003EEBGS4 Fit like a glove I saw a friend in some old Pumas, and loved the look. I then bought a lot of Pumas in search of the perfect pair. This is it. Fit my feet like a glove. I never wear socks with tennies, but if I did I'd go up a size. Like everyone else says, they're narrow. So the laces must be loosened before wearing. Which creates an odd problem; the shoelaces are very short. They're great laces too, and would be hard (impossible?) to replace.Still, very happy. And the dark grey (not boring black) with the "hyacinth" puma logo is sooooooo cool looking.
B003EEBGS4 Made for racing, but I wouldn't walk in them I bought the Replic Cat sneakers for a specific purpose ...as a sim racer it is difficult to wear regular sneakers/shoes when using pedals such as those on the Logitech G27 or theThrustmaster T500RS Racing Wheel.Having thin soled shoes helps you "feel" the pedals. Before seeing these shoes I had been racing in socks for many years.The good news is they work superbly for the purpose for which I purchased them.But as daily footwear these left me in agony. I do have foot problems and these simply exaggerated the issues. No cushioning beneath your metatarsals.Youth has it's advantages no doubt :) and I remember the days where I could wear anything without worrying. My guess is these only appeal to the younger crowd and would therefore find favor.If you have any foot issues I would avoid.
B003EECZVG Puma Ducati I found and purchased this product after seeing in Europe but unable to buy in my size.The shoes arrived before they said they would and the fitting was great.The price and service was excellent.Only took six days from USA to New Zealand.
B003EECZZC Great shoes! I've had these over a year now and they still look like they're only a month old. Sprayed them with shoe protector when I first got them and they hardly even have creases in them from walking still. Soles were a bit uncomfortable at first but fine after breaking them in and can be replaced. Nice transaction.
B003EECZZC Poor The shoe was not comfortable and just did nothing for me when I got it, it was just a big dissapointment....
B003EED3WG SOX DIRTY Shoes are good looking but they get your legs and sox dirty like crazy. I think this is what you get when you pay $30 for PUMAS
B003EED4XE Laces tore through holes Love the look, very disappointed that the laces managed to tear through the thread holes after only a couple of weeks.  Granted, I have a very active 10-year old, but that has never happened to any of his other sneakers before!
B003EED8VM a bit dasappointing fits well, by the sewing on the side trim came loose, and the method of complaining to puma was not practical for me
B003EED8VM Outstanding Shoe!!! I purchased these for my son because he considers them the best.  Their are a little more expensive than other shoes in this class; however, well worth the price because they last so much longer and are much more comfortable.  Highly recommended!!
B003EED8VM Venkat Looks good, comfortable. On the other hand, there are cracks/marks developing on the upper leather side due to walking..that too in just two weeks!
B003EEF1CQ Look fantastic with a small price to pay in return. Very stylish shoes and very durable. Only two restrictions are the price and unfortunately the uncomforted feeling you get after wearing them on long strenuous activities, (cycling, walking, running) that is very annoying and somewhat repelling. Nevertheless for everyday use they work flawlessly. 80/100
B003EEF1CQ Awesome My shoes are so friggin' sweet.  I almost want to cry every time I look at them.  (Dictated and not read)
B003EEF1CQ Big feet as well At first I thought they looked a little awkward(from me looking down). I have big/wide feet. But after looking in a mirror I got used to them and decided they looked pretty nice. Within a few days I had gotten numerous compliments on them(I hardly ever get compliments on my shoes). They are extremely comfortable, considering buying these again. One note is the picture makes them look dark grey, they are straight up black with a grey puma swooshy thing.
B003EEF57C Mostro I love puma Mostro. The Sneakers are divine but unfortunately slightly small for me.I was forced to sell them in order to get back the money invested.The size wasn't the number.
B003EEF8VU Adorable! I purchased these for my daughter to wear for her ZumbAtomic class; she loves them! They never rubbed anywhere on her feet or caused any irritation. I will be buying these shoes again in the future (or their updated version.) She gets a lot of compliments on them, especially since the red stripe is glittery!
B003EEF8VU Child can slip on himself, very durable. My son is a runner.  It is hard to find Velcro shoes that don't light up or have characters on them, but that he can freely run in (the plain sneakers are all All-Star wannabes and clunky).  These fit the bill.  Comfortable, he can put them on himself and go.That said, they have not proven durable.  They look shabby and worn.  We typically buy canvas Keds or Strideright, but, because of his penchant to run, run, run all day we sought out these types.  The materials have not proven themselves.  After three months, we need to buy a new pair.  Perhaps that's just my son.
B003EEH7NM Goods are very bad Goods are very bad and is not the same as my request that the goods are differentThere manufacturers defect clear there is a difference shoe
B003EEH7NM Puma Excellent Choice! Easy to put on, close, & clean, these sneakers are perfect for play and dress up.  Particularly great value when purchased during 20% off promotion, full price might want to consider others as well.
B003EEH7NM within days of my 5 year old wearing these sneakers thay began to rapidly wear away.  the rubber sole lifted on day three! within days of my 5 year old wearing these sneakers thay began to rapidly wear away.  the rubber sole lifted on day three, the velcro strap was worn and frayed on week two!  quite disappointing!
B003EEH7NM Phenomenal These are one of the best pairs of sneakers I've purchased for my kids. The Pumas I've purchased in the past have been super flat but these are less so and therefore more appropriate for running and playing tennis in. They also have elastic laces so they stay snug on your child's feet without them having to tie and untie laces. And for added insurance there's a strap that pulls across the top if your child has narrow feet or just likes his toes tight.
B003EEH7NM great simply I love it .. looks amazing on my kid .. very good packing ... Honestly I kept the pack for potential future use ...
B003EEH7NM Great little shoes very easy to put on. be sure to spray with suede spray as ours started to turn blue. love them though. will be looking for more colors soon!
B003EEH7NM Don't buy I was so excited to purchase these adorable puma sneakers for my daughter but they totally failed me. They started to fall apart only weeks after she started wearing them. All the glued parts came undone, the Velcro straps started ripping from the bottom (lining) and the insole was flat, no carved arch as we expected from an expensive shoe like this one. Wouldn't recommend to anyone... :(
B003EEH7NM my son enjoys looking at his feet now I can't say for sure if they are as comfortable as they look, since they are on the feet of my not -quite- speaking yet toddler and not my own. But since he seems proud to be wearing them and they coordinate with a majority of his outfits, I'd say we are both pretty happy with them.
B003EEH7NM falling apart Purchased on October 18,2012. The sneakers seams are coming apart above the toe area. My daughter probably wore them maybe 15 times. passed the return time frame to exchange for a new pair. i will call amazon to see what they say.
B003EEH7NM The shoe loses its original color and stains everything black. The shoe loses its original color and stains everything black, lose color black just contact with some water and stain clothing. My son's mojo mancho stockings and black colored pants, and the whole interior is originally yellow color was brown. Not recommended,
B003EEH7NM Wrong color These shoes are a classic. i was excited for my son to get them. But Liberty blue actually means violet purple and he was quite disappointed.
B003EEH7NM watch the sizes We ordered a toddler 11. They seemed small and not any bigger than the 10 1/2. We went to the Puma store in the mall and their 11's (same model) were much roomier. These may have been mislabeled or from a batch of seconds. Not sure, but they had to go back.
B003EEH7NM Straps fall apart I've ordered these shoes twice and each time the velcro straps fall apart. The velcro pulls away from the fabric so that you can no longer close the strap. Poor quality for Pumas.
B003EEH9LW Run very big, more for boys, cute I'm on the fence. I bought these for my daughter. Online, they seemed ok for girls but in person they're styled more for boys. They ran big for a size 12, even though my girl is almost there (size 11 1/2). I ended up giving them away as a gift for a boy, and they loved the sneakerss! Thus the reason I gave it 5 stars, money well spent either way!
B003EEHDQ8 watch out for color color description says Black/Limestone.  At first glance these shoes do not look like girl shoes but when they arrived they had a large amount of pink in them. It is written in the description when you keep on reading about the shoe, but it is not very visible when you look at the pictures. Black/Limestone/Pink would have been a better way to describe the color.
B003FZ7AEG Great! I have arthritis in my feet, but for me PUMA shoes are the most flexible to work with and easier on my feet. The color is much better in person as well.
B003FZ9DXW too wide Although I have an average foot, these were too wide on the sides and the heal.  Also I though they would be really comfortable but I don't think that they were well padded.  I sent them back.
B003FZ9TYA Best Puma Sneakers I am so sad that Puma is no longer making these type of sneakers.  they are great quality and hardwearing.  feels like you are wearing moccasins.
B003FZ9TYA Color is a little off I bought these for my husband and the color was supposed to be a coffee color but it's more of a purple. My husband still wears them. The price Is great but again, the color is a little off.
B003FZFTA8 In Love I have been wanting these and they are everything I expected.  I enjoy them everyday.  I wear them to work then to the gym. I wear an 8 to 8 1/2 but in these I ordered a 9.  Puma runs small, unless my foot is starting to grow like a hobbit.
B003FZFTA8 So comfortable and great for work! I usually wear size 8.5 but I ordered size 9 after seeing the product review.  That fits me perfectly and it's so comfortable for work (I stands and walks a lot at work).  Since I used this pair a lot, I do hand washed them frequently and it stayed new =)
B003FZFTA8 NOT THE USUAL PUMA. . . I am a great Puma fan, find them comfortable and very cute.  What a departure in this case;.the photos are quite misleading.  The shade of brown is much lighter than in the picture; the shine is blinding.  Not an attractive shoe, and the smell is truly awful!
B003FZFTA8 WAY TOO SMALL! I always wear an 8 in PUMAs but these feel like a 7 or even 6.5. There was no receipt or ANY information on how I could exchange these. NO paperwork whatsoever.
B003FZGOC0 YES YES YES I was so sad to see that this model of PUMA is now extinct! These have become my go to running/working out shoes! Comfort straight out of the box, no "breaking them in" required. They also are very durable!
B003FZGOC0 great for everyday i bought these for the gym but they made the bottom of my feet go numb on the treadmill. i added more padding to the soul which helped immensely. i ended up using them as a work sneaker because they are very comfortable after you wear them awhile and break them in and because of the material they stay looking new longer. the tongue slides out of place a lot though.i get a lot of compliments on them and they have great arch support if your feet are a little flat
B003FZGOC0 beautiful Shoes Arrived in perfect condition, is a highly recommended product and everything I facina puma, are very comfortable and comforting, the perfect colors, arrived on time.
B003FZGOC0 4 sar This shoes is beautiful in color combination and the fitness I like it but not really soft but at least it's not hurting my feet.  Only it bothers me is the tongue of this shoe because it is hard, it choking my leg feet.
B003FZH80W Puma - Sl Tech Sf Mens Sneakers, Color: Rosso Corsa/Team Gol I love this sneakers, very unusual model with shiny material which doesn't look too flashy at all :)I took away one star because they run one number small, so you have to consider that if buying them.
B003FZJWW4 Amazing!! I love these shoes! I trusted the other reviews and I order on the larger side and I am very happy I did. They fit perfect and feel like I am walking on air. The sides are so soft that my wide foot fit with ease. I will be buying more Repli Cat iii in the very near future!!
B003FZJWW4 Style balanced with comfort The thing I like about these shoes is that they are subtle, classy, well made (mostly leather) and fairly comfortable.No more needs to be said.
B003FZKU5W Very comfortable! Very comfortable! Size runs normally. Ideal for school. My son is happy with them. I recommend them.Price is right, thanks
B003FZL4YS PUMA Women's Repli Cat III When I saw this on here it looked so awesome. But dont be fooled the material made on this is very cheap and they are not comfortable.. AT ALL! I am a 9 1/2 ' 10 and i ordered a size 10. This shoe is super small still and tight! I couldnt walk for long without my feet hurting. Terrible.
B003GF6SGQ Excellent Most comfortable sports bra ever and it's cute. 100% cotton (except straps, but they feel good too)! If I was able to find a medium size, would buy it again. But apparently they don't make this style anymore.
B003GPXR0Q the best sneakers I got the sneakers today and i went for a run for 2 hours, these PUMA running sneakers are socomfortable. I have a bad knee but with these sneakers i did not feel any pain at all.they are miracle, i did not expect to be this good:)And the price is awesome too.I am very glad I ordered the sneakers and I highly recommend them ladies.
B003GQ2SQY PUMA is my brand I just gotta say that Puma and I have a very close relationship because I probably have more than 15 pairs of Puma Shoes at home and they never, never disappoint me.
B003GQ6QW6 Not so much review to give I got this as a gift for my nephew, the sneakers looked well done, comfortable and so much for winter time.
B003H6DC8G 3 pack puma no show socks I liked the fit of the white and pink, but the grey fir much smaller, barely large enough. They have what feels like an arch support built in which is very nice. Not bulky at all, just as pictured in amazon.  Overall I like them but the small fitting grey ones disappointed.
B003H6DC8G nice color but they shrink in the wash they were great but unfortunately shrink in the wash and now I am unable to wear due to the fact they are too low on heel and I do not want my shoe to rub my heel when I run.
B003H6MCPU Fit well, nicely made These fit nicely on my womens 9 feet, I like the slightly tighter area around the middle of the foot. They are just the right height, and I like the logos and styling.
B003ICX504 They fit They are resonibly cheap.  They were the correct size that was ordered so they fit with no issue and they arrived rather quick.
B003ICX518 Not the quality one would expect for a name brand sock. I had to mend one straight out of the package before wearing.
B003IMJO68 best brand These stay really cool but don't fall apart when you wash them and have no problem running in them for a mile or two at least, or wearing them all day.  Well worth the price considering they survive the washer & dryer plenty of times.
B003IMJO68 Very happy These are well made, lasted more than 30 washes so far without alteration, low friction, not too hot.  They solved my friction problems on the soles of my feet in my shoes.
B003IMJO68 Comfy, but prone to tear For the price, these socks are great. They have various levels of padding and tension throughout the sock to help with cushioning where it's needed and breathability where its not. The only drawback I'e found is that they tend to tear if pulled on aggressively, even after very limited use. I purchased a total of 9 pairs of these, and 3 have ripped where the sock material transitions between "thin" and "thick" padding around the ankle.
B003IMJO68 Product is as described Product is as described, in terms of comfort and design. Only gripe is size. May not really fit the 13s.
B003JH8D3M Compliments This bag is unbelievable, is unique. I totally love it. The material is like none I seen before, it is big but not bulky, lot of compartments. Fashion, fashion, fashion all over it and get a lot of compliments.
B003KK6650 Adorable Activewear for My Daughter. This active jacket was perfect for my daughter's various gym and sport classes. It went easily over a tank or a t and had coordinating purple yoga pants that made for an adorable and unique exercise ensemble. Loved it- and I'm sad that she's outgrown it now.
B003L5C4I2 Not as shown in the photo I ordered the Heather Grey Hoodie with Lime Green stiching.  The Hoodie arrived Heather Grey with Black Stitching.  It's fine, just little more boring that I was hoping for.Update:  Also, I tried it on the other day, and the sleeves are VERY short.  I'm fairly tall, but usually a Large is fine - I've never had a sweatshirt with sleeves this short.  Ugh.  Maybe I'll return it after all.
B003L5C8HO Great pair of capris but look out for the curling top band I really like the fit and feel of this capri...PUMA did a great job with its overall construction.  It breathes and moves with your body and for intense workouts it definitely holds up.  It gives my hips and thighs a very streamlined look while being extremely functional.  My only complaint would be with the upper band.  Personally I think it's too wide.  I don't mind its rigidity (in fact I really like that part) but because of its width it tends to curl.  Perhaps it's because I don't have a long enough torso.  I feel it bending when I'm doing my crunches or power abs routines.
B003L5C8JW Excellent I recommend this article widely, it's of excellent quality. Very responsible. I am very happy with the purchase and the sweater.
B003LJXYG4 Best Shorts I own, buying another pair These are honestly the perfect shorts. They don't hug your genitals, but they also dont hang around your ankles. Butt sweat does not show, they are fashionable, easily washable, easy to run in, and make your butt look pretty good
B003LJXZ5O Great Pants I bought the sweatpants as a gift for my boyfriend and he's been wearing them all the time.  They are very warm and the fleece inside is soft and cozy.
B003LJXZ5O Great Sweats! I'm 6'-2" and the XL were a little big out of the package and the legs were a little too long, but after washing them they are perfect.  Very comfortable with decent pockets and they seem to be very well made.
B003LJXZ5O Crouching Sweatpant-Hidden Logo Great all around. Very soft. In my opinion they run a bit long, so I have to roll the bottoms when bare-foot. Also, I did not see the large Puma logo on the left leg in the picture before I ordered. It's OK, but take a closer look if you are mot into over-advertising the brand.
B003LJYLRU For Your Man After getting the Tricot Black, I got him this gunmetal set.  Men love the gray look ladies, just get it.  And you know ladies gray also show his best assets in public.
B003LY4LL6 Pretty sure these are knock-offs OK so these are shoes....they'll keep your feet from getting cut while walking on glass, but if these are Puma Californias, then I am the Queen of England.There is virtually no leather on the shoe to speak of...a feature left conspicuously absent in the description.I have numerous pair of Californias and these resemble them in only the faintest respect.Oh and another thing? If I want to return them then I am out 18 bucks!...Thanks alot ShoeZoo!!! You've made a lifelong ZAPPOS customer out of me!!!!!!
B003LY4LL6 Sizing has changed They were too long - I've owned 2 pairs in the past that fit the same, but these were an inch too long in the toe of the shoe. Along with being lighter weight, they must have changed the sizing too?
B003LY4O9K Super awesome Felt a little smaller than the true size at first.Very light and very soft with good stability. A great pleasure to hike and run with.
B003LY4OSQ PUMA Puma Men's Complete Haraka XCS Running Shoe,High Risk Red/Dark Shadow, it one of the product that complete all your dreams.
B003LY4QSO Never skimp on your shoes or your mattress! Running shoes are definitely something you should try on in multiple sizes, styles and brands before buying.I am not a big runner, well actually I am.  I'm big for a female--I'm tall, and I lift weights and I am at the upper limits of a healthy BMI (but still healthy!!).  I also have somewhat higher than average arches and a fairly neutral gait.  I am currently running a few miles 3 times a week (mixing it up with swimming, biking and wt lifting).  I have run  a couple of 10 miler races as well.  I am not fast.  At all.What I do have is picky feet.  I have a tendency towards irritating the metatarsals in my right foot and MANY brands are made in such a way that this is actually aggravated by whatever cushioning system they use.  The Pumas do not however.  They are cushioned like a dream and with them I have no nagging injuries or pains.This is a well built shoe that works great!HOWEVER, before buying on line make sure you do your due diligence and make sure this will work as well for you.  I cannot emphasize this enough...you have to try them on to find the ones that work!  Once you find them buy more than one pair!For my picky feet carrying a bit of a load--the cushioned nature and design of this shoe is perfect!JTG
B003LY4TG8 Disappointment Comes in Pretty Colors This is my first & last pair of Pumas. Was initially attracted to these because they advertised all the features I was looking for in a trail shoe. The fact that they have a Vibram tread for my runs was a plus. Got them about 2 wks ago & the first time I wore them I noticed they were unexpectedly snug around the sides, particularly where the pinky toes are (& yes, I even went up a size when I ordered these after reading the other reviews). I tried going for a short 15 min. walk & for the first 10 mins didn't feel anything out of the ordinary but after that I was noticing that these sneakers weren't allowing my feet to spread out properly, they didn't have enough arch support, & there wasn't enough cushioning in the balls of the footbed for me. The next day, I had trouble walking due to a sudden nasty case of tendonitis in my feet & ankles after wearing these sneakers! I was horrified, esp since I have NEVER had any issues with such before, so I knew it had to be due to the aforementioned problems I experienced with these sneakers.Gave them to someone else who didn't have the problems I did with them & they love them.The only good things I can say about these sneakers is that the gripping action of the Vibram treads is truly impressive & the reflective accents around the shoe offer an excellent degree of visibility at night. They're very pretty & from examining their features I can tell they'd probably make an excellent trail shoe for someone with a more narrow foot but unfortunately these don't work for me :(. What a disappointment!
B003LY4TLI Awesome My new Complete Autana, are awesome. They have a perfect ankle support,which results in a firm ride. Extremely confy and good looking shoes.
B003LY4U9O Amazing! The shoes were amazing! With them I raced like a champ!! They are so pretty and light weight! I just love them very much!!
B003LY4WGA Sick Shoes These shoes are nasty.  I busted mad croifs in these things and schooled kids all over the pitch.  If you wanna be the best, you gotta puma to the goal.
B003LY4XLY After almost 2 seasons the stitching on the side is starting to go. I have been very careful to keep them clean and well cared for, and even as a goalie I have not been able to prevent them from starting to fall apart. beautiful shoes but don't last as long as previous ones I've owned.
B003LY4XLY Got the Purple One's Just not the Right ones I ordered the PUMA Men's V5.10 Firm Ground Cleats for a friend. My husband and I have the same one's already. I ordered then for $50 which is a good price for PUMA cleats, but when I got them they were not he correct style. They sent me soft ground cleats instead of firm ground. The soft ground are a more narrow cut then the firm.
B003LY4Z6C Purrrrrrfect! When you don't play soccer very often and you're up against people who are 20 years younger you need an edge. That's where my new Puma's come in. Comfortable, light and sturdy they allow me to make the most of my limited soccer talents.I would highly recommend them to anyone who can't splash out out the $200+ cleats but want more bang for their buck than the mundane $50 pairs.A great product at a great price.
B003LY4ZPI Pretty good shoe I bought these for my boyfriend and after he broke them in, he likes them.  The top that goes over the foot was really tight and gave him blisters the first few times he wore them.  After they stretched out, they have been fine.
B003LY4ZPI Decent slides The slides are okay. They look pretty good. Not as comfortable as my Adidas slides but they do the job.
B003LY4ZPI very comfortable Very comfortable; very similar in design and feel to adidas adilette though they are not identical and in fact the pumas are slightly longer and thicker
B003LY4ZPI The Puma has done it again This particular sandle fits and contours to the bottom of your foot. While no two persons feet are the same, it still maintains a certain level of comfort. Satisfied customer.............
B003LY50N4 not comfortable I bought this sneakers and still after using them for almost a year their not that comfortable like I thought. Yes the sneakers look cool but that's about it my feet hurt after a couple of  hours.
B003M1PH48 cross country driving Just what I needed to drive across country in my sports car. I haven't gone yet so its hard to say how they worked out
B003MAJTAM Looked good but defective This shoe looked really cool and fit well but one of the holes to tread the laces through ripped and they had stitched it back together. I noticed this when took it out of the box and figured that it was not too big of a deal till the stitching ripped two weeks later...disappointing...
B003MAJWCW Returned I returned these shoes because they were much bigger than I anticipated. I did like the colors though, they were subtle, but fun.
B003MAJWCW Cheap feeling These shoes were very cheap feeling. I didn't like the flatness of them. I didn't like the laces they were like ribbon. never wear them
B003MAJWCW Kickboxing This model of Puma is perfect for kickboxing, yoga or indoor mat use. I had a previous pair that lasted for 8 months when I used them 6 days a week. I love the bright orange and magenta! The bottom is very important with the turn spot on the ball of the foot, keeps balance when kicking. Our local stores dont have nearly the different colors offered here (white, black and gray). The size is very true as well, I usually wear a 8 to 8.5. Definatley a good buy for money and come on, it's not like you can go wrong with Puma!
B003MAJWCW Size They are slight too big, but will be fine, I bought them for my daughter so maybe she grows some.
B003MAJWCW Uncomfortable! I know that PUMA is a wonderful brand to wear but these shoes are terrible!  After 2 hours of wearing them my feet hurt and every time I walk in them they make an obnoxious noise.  I would not recommend buying this type or shoe.
B003MAJWCW Wife Love's these shoes...however... I ordered the white with Silver Pumas for my wife.  When items arrived, i checked the box and the description fit what I had ordered.  Well, comee Christmas Morning, the wife opened up and turns out that what was in the box didn't match what I ordered nor what was on the box.  She got a pair of BLACK and SILVER Pumas and not WHITE and SILVER.  Seeing since i am a lazy guy and don't want to mess with shipping back and all that jazz, i told her that They'll look good with jeans and had to sell her on the black ones.  My recommendation, check what's in the box before you ship.  Other than that, the shoes are the size ordered and she is happy with them.  The fifth star should go to me for my lightning fast sales skills. But seriously folks, check the box before you ship.
B003MAJWCW Just What I Wanted I only wear Puma sneakers because I have narrow heels and they fit better than any other brand. These were a good price and were being discontinued on the company's website. I did read reviews before buying, so I was expecting the laces to be poor quality and planned to replace them. They are different than regular shoe laces, but not as cheap or flimsy as the otehr reviews led me to believe. I tie my shoes tight and yank on the laces, but never feel like they're going to rip so I have not replaced them.
B003MAJWCW Sent the wrong size I wear a 5 1/2 and was sent a 6 1/2Very disappointing and was told that a 5 1/2 was not avaialble
B003MAJWCW Not like my good Pumas, they rub on my heel I thought these were like my other pumas.  They rub on the back or your heel.  They are too low in the back.
B003MAJWCW Great shoes Very comfortable shoe, as expected from Puma.  Seems to hold up nicely,  makes for extreme comfort when driving manual transmission cars.  A+
B003MAJWCW Did not like look or sizing I did not like the look or style when they arrived in person. When I tried them on, they were huge and falling off my feet. Immediately returned.
B003MAJWCW Fit was odd I had to return these. I was hoping for an aerobics dance shoe to replace my clunky-looking black ones (I really hate the look of the black split-sole dance shoes!). But these were TOO white and they seemed large, although if I were to size down, I think they'd be too small. They fit weird with the high cut around the back of the ankle is what I believe is part of the problem. I saw a guy in my class with Pumas and that's why I thought they might work. But he told me he bought his 10 years ago! I guess some things change and sometimes not for the better.PS: I eventually found some Clark's that fit the bill, a tennis shoe called Arbor Jade. They are petite looking, you night even say pretty, and really comfortable. On-site, they are called walking shoes, but they work for my aerobics class just fine and they come in some great colors.
B003MAJWCW Snap,crackle,pop Purchased these after previous pair (same style) started making a popping sound coming from the arch area.  Now, these are doing the same thing.  What's up with that????
B003MAJWCW Awesome! Shoe sizes do not run big or small.  They are exactly what the picture shows.  And they are super comfortable.One quick point to make for new customers to this style of PUMA sneakers, they are not good for walking on slippery surfaces, such as snow or ice or if you work anywhere that the floor may be wet or greasy, such as a restaurant.  There is no tread on these shoes.
B003MAJWCW puma women's I enjoy the shoes however had to get new laces because the ones sent were cheap looking and feeling. Other than the laces im completely satisfied
B003MAJWCW puma shoes I get a little bigthe material is a little too hard and the sole use but after some time become somewhat soft
B003MAJWCW Like the simple white color This shoes just fit pecfectly as I expected them to be and the solid white color I was looking for.
B003MAJWCW thanks excellent productexpectivas fulfilled with the product receivedexcellent packing wayfast shipping if the product requested in the requested languagethanks for everythingOriginal quality product 100%
B003MAJWCW upset!! im highly upset i ordered these for work AND THEY SENT ME BLACK AN SILVER INSTEAD OF WHITE AND SILVER !!!!!!!!!! I DONT KNOW WHAT TO TELL MY BOSS I REALLY NEEDED THESE..............
B003MAJWCW fits like a glove Love these shoes and for the price i couldnt say no!fits perfectly and very comfyi highly recommend them and its cheaper than puma outlets
B003MAJWCW return of pumas i had to send them back, they were very uncomfortable, the arch support felt too high, the whole shoe felt too tight and my normal size 9 1/2 was too short. i did not hate them, but i could not wear them, i was very disappointed
B003MAJWCW my favorite Only style and brand I have wore for over 7 years.Dark shadow works well for winter, looks good with slacks and jeans better than white tennis shoes for style. Comfortable I put also curly laces to make them slip on's .
B003MAJWCW PUMA SNEAKERS LOVE THEM Know them. Perfect for many weeks travels. Do not take too much space in a suitcase and do not weight much. Are very comfortable to wear during hours. Also, they are not big, so they suit many type of garments in a fancyer way than if be wearing big running shoes. Would not wear them for hicking.
B003MAJWCW Puma for women resulted so incredible I'm glad to purchase I review in many places but amazon give me the chance to have all the possible combination of models, colors and sizesThis item arrived on time and everything on it, resulted as I expected. This Puma was a very good Christmas gift to my nephew
B003MAJWCW Cheer coach I'm a cheer coach and these shoes are great! I suggested them to all my girls, including my own daughter
B003MAJWCW Great Deal Purchased these sneakers for my daughter as a birthday present.  They arrived at the scheduled time and were exactly as described.  The fit was perfect at her normal size.  She says they are the most comfortable sneakers she's ever owned.
B003MAJWCW was not what she expecked i will seen them back for a refend. my wife dose not like them, they are way way to small.
B003MAJWCW Good... but... The shoes were comfortable, but they the colour faded quickly to a brown and the laces don't come undone easily when knotted.
B003MAJWCW Information I love the product but have not received it, I do not want devorver, but I wonder if I can give information of relocation.
B003MAJWCW not pleased I received the sneakers and was not pleased with the fit or the feel of the material. I have other pumas that I have had for years and never was unhappy with that purchased.  I will be returning the sneakers.
B003MAJWCW Not comfy at all! I was trying to find a replacement for my much loved Alsten black and silver Pumas that have since been discontnued....these did not fit the bill at all. Ugh..the gray/shadow color....yuck!The sides are too low and were very uncomfortable around my ankles.  And the way the bottoms are....not comfy at all to walk on, in fact kind of awkward.Back to my search.
B003MAJWCW Sister will enjoy it Another purchase for my sister that she love's, am impressed with the price difference from the store to the online website, at beginning couldn't believe that it was the actual price but, when hit the place order button and saw the confirmation told myself, jackpot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B003MAJWCW SOLEIL RIBBON SHOELACES DON'T STAY TIED! I purchased these shoes, the Soleil FS a couple of months ago but I haven't been able to wear them because the ribbon shoelaces that they come with won't stay tied for more than a few minutes, they are very thin and slippery. I contacted Puma and told them about this and they said that I was the only person to ever have a problem with this and directed me to a site to buy myself other shoelaces. I then did a search and found another Amazon review that mentions this problem. If you buy other shoelaces, they might not fit into the type of loop that is on these shoes because it is kind of small. I also find that this shoe is kind of flimsy for the price. I bought them because I liked the look but now I know that I would never buy Puma again, because of poor quality and poor customer service in not being willing to deal with product quality issues.
B003MAJWCW Popping sound I love Pumas because they are sleek and stylish, and because they have a wonderful arch support, but after a while, something in the arch gives way and every step I take makes a popping sound that can be heard everywhere I walk - so much for that!
B003MAJWCW uncomfortable These shoes were very uncomfortable, and we basically are stuck with them since my daughter wore them once. Unless you wear something it's hard to know if it feels good or not. I am not satisfied at all and I am out about $60.00.  Something is wrong with this specific shoe because we have two other pair that are comfortable.
B003MAJWCW Perfect could not find in stores so I was very happy to have found it here so close to Christmas. Thanks
B003MAJWCW Perfect, exactly what I wanted! I got the black/pink/grey shoes and they fit true to size. Arrived in just a few days by USPS and have both comfort and low weight. Insoles are thicker then I thought and I'm thrilled! I still have to break them in, but I will be using them constantly. Great purchase! Came packaged in two cardboard boxes and a reusable bag for storage.
B003MAJWCW womens blue n white puma Sneakers came with cheap laces and a defect on rught shoe its pulling n ripping. .not worth the almost 60 bucks I spent
B003MAJWCW amazing I love my new pumas. They are comfortable and not heavy. Its almost like being barefoot I would buy a million pairs if I could :) but unfortunately my man would kill me lol
B003MAJWCW Good enough These shoes are very stiff. I've had them for a little over a year now and they haven't "worn in" yet so i don't think they're ever going to. I usually slide my feet into shoes (rather than untie then retie them every time) and the opening is small and stiff, so it's difficult to do. I try to keep them on for as long as i can because i don't want to have to take them off, it's kind of a hassle.I work in an ice cream shop and they are easy to wipe off if something spills on them. Feet are tired and aching after a 6 hour shift, but for going to run errands or go to a friends house or something casual, they work just fine. Could be more comfortable, but they certainly aren't a bad buy.
B003MAJWCW puma is the best This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. Straight out of the package they fit like gloves for my feet. No break in time needed!
B003MAJWCW Simple yet stylish. My girlfriend absolutely loves them, looks great on feet, doesn't look big and jus looks neat, lady's these sneakers will be jus right if your looking for something simple yet stylish they look that good.
B003MAJWCW wrong order I ordered a black n steel gray size 9.5 for my mom.....and i got what appears to be blue n steel gray size 8. I live in the Caribbean and its not that easy to send them back, so it was a waste of my money.If i had ordered them for myself they wudve been a great fit.Amazon needs to be more vigilant in dealing with peoples orders.
B003MAJWCW Not for me I returned these shoes.  I purchased them with the intent of wearing them at work (alot of hours on my feet).  They came and I absolutely loved the look of them.  However, when i put them on, because the leather is SOOO stiff, they did not bend a bit when I walked, causing my heal to slip out with every step.
B003MAJWCW POOR FIT The shoe size ran larger than normal and was particularly ill fitting around the ankle. There was absolutely no arch support despite the appearance on the picture.
B003MAJWCW Puma collector The style of the show was even better seeing it in person. The only complaint is that I've ordered all my previous Pumas in an 11 (for max comfort) and they fit great, but this one was a little longer than others.
B003MAJWCW not really impressed with these shows, somewhat hard to move around the room in. Somewhat hard to move around in. not what I expected. sorry, i wear them but not often as I'm looking for a better pair.  Carla
B003MAJWCW True to size I wear them all the time.I'd recommend buying them.They are exactly what you'd expect.There  are no surprises here.
B003MAJWCW Puma to say The Puma is A Puma, one of the best sports brands of the world, specially in shoes, Very Thank you
B003MAJWCW sneakers easy cool design, but the detail on a sock wasn't pleasant, it visually increases a foot, and the foot isn't fixed in a sock
B003MAJWCW I needed a men sneakers I tried to change but it was late already, my size is 11 but because it`s a female sneakers it`s tight.
B003MAJWCW Love the look! These are great! Easy to clean, and comfortable.  They have VERY little traction, I would not wear on a winter day, or even a rainy day if you have to walk over greats or anything other than concrete.
B003MAJWCW Durable, but not skid proof. These shoes are durable and I liked the design, however, they are very narrow and not skid proof in water.
B003MAJZRE i need a bandage!! My feet are wide which causes the shoe to rub on my pinky toe so after a while it causes my feet to be sore.
B003MAK0DC Okay I didn't like the way they looked on my foot. Worn maybe once, gave them to my roommate.Anna T.
B003MC705Q love it. this shoes I used it to my nursing work my feet does not hurt I am planing to buy another one in the near future thank you..
B003MSMI2K not paired just received on time,  seem comfortable enough,  no visible flaws,  packaging slightly scuffed. BUT,  notice that the shoes bottoms are different!  i believe them both to be the same size but can clearly see a difference... color and positioning of the 'single, non-removable cleat' that puma calls an 'original molded directional quill' are quite different.  don't think the issue is worth the hassle of a return.  gonna contact the seller nonetheless,  the description did say free returns...UPDATE: contacting the seller yielded a statement that the difference is a designed performance enhancement, concerning the sole plate differences between the left and right soles, lol, sooo... need to specify right-hand or left-handedness to get correct combination, right?  nevertheless good looking shoe and can't wait to play in them!
B003MSMI2K True to form These shoes are great! Can 't say that they improved my game any, but they made it certainly more comfortable to play!
B003MUA66S Keep the Puma Clean It's going to be a challenge keeping this sharp looking jacket clean.  It's very slick and looks comfortable to boot.  The one thing that surprised me which was impossible to tell from the product picture was the big PUMA on the back of the collar (maybe it was in the description, I missed it).  After a couple of days it was already getting dingy from the ongoings of a 4 year old.  It came through the wash in great shape and is nice and bright again.  It's not going to provide a lot of warmth but is perfect for these early weeks of fall and spring too.  This size 6 jacket fit my 4 year a tad big but we're good with that.  Maybe he'll grown with it for a couple of years.
B003MZ0K6Y yep What u see is what u get. Great style and different. Use it as a tote to carry stuff if I stay over someone's house or go away to AC
B003MZ0KT6 Perfect! Perfect size purse! I usually carry large purses but am trying to downsize and the size of this one is just right. Material is nice and it is not poorly made. It has 2 pockets on the inside along with a zipper pocket (plenty of room). I would highly recommend this product plus shipping was fast/free.
B003MZ0KUK Sad....just sad. I saw the grey version of this bag and immediately fell in love. Amazon said they only had 1 left in stock. And so I rushed and paid for it.When I received my item at home, I immediately opened it and found a black mesh cheap bookbag in the plastic. I immediately called Amazon and they informed me that in fact they didn't have any in stock. So the only thing for me to do was return the item for a refund.Not a happy transaction but Amazon at least has good customer service reps that sympathized with me. A human touch never hurts.
B003NGJPX6 I like it the size is okaythe material is goodthe color is the same one the pictureI like it &#62;
B003NI2LRQ Love this jacket! This jacket has a cool design concept, is well made and totally functional. I've gotten plenty of compliments for how unique it is. Plus, I like that Puma donated sales dollars to charity.
B003O2RU6S Just what my son wanted My kids love hoodies, and my eldest has been fighting with his brother to see who could get to their favorite hoodie in the morning first.  Well, that well loved hoodie is a little small for my big guy, so we just went on line to find a new one.  This seemed exactly what he wanted, and sure enough, it was. Simple, nothing fancy, a cool puma on the back, and classic grey.  This is never gonna win fashion awards, but it made my 6 year old very happy, and  now we have no more fights over the old black hoodie.
B003OE0LFI it's too small and too short and too Tight i think this item for childrenbecause it's too small and too short and too Tighti don't like it
B003OE0LFI EASY FIT COMFROTABLE. WEAR THIS TO AND FROM THE GYM. ZIPPERS AT THE BOTTOM OF LEGS TO MAKE FOOT OPENING SLIMMER OR LARGER. POCKETS AT SIDE ALSO HAVE ZIPPERS TO STORE SMALLER ITEMS LIKE KEYS OR CELL PHONE. DRAW STRING WAIST FOR SECURED FIT. REGULAR INSEAM.
B003PJ7J6Q Stylish Pros: good looking, snug fitcons: easily gets dirty, creases/wrinkles in the cloth can form easilyWear it occasionally and it won't get so dirty.
B003PNUBZ8 &#25105;&#26469;&#33258;&#20013;&#22269;&#65292;&#25105;&#24456;&#21916;&#27426;&#30528;&#22359;&#25163;&#34920;&#22114;&#65281;I come from China, I like this watch. &#25163;&#34920;&#24456;&#19981;&#38169;&#65292;&#23601;&#26159;&#31186;&#38024;&#21644;&#34920;&#30424;&#19978;&#30340;&#21051;&#24230;&#19981;&#33021;&#20934;&#30830;&#30340;&#23545;&#20301;&#12290;&#26377;&#36739;&#22823;&#30340;&#20559;&#24046;&#65292;&#20854;&#20182;&#30340;&#37117;&#24456;&#22909;.The watch is very good, and the second hand on the dial scale is not accurate alignment. A large deviation, others are very good.
B003QT10K6 He loved them! I bought these shoes for my husband for his birthday.  He absolutely loved them.  We actually went to a Miami Heat Game on his birthday so these shoes matched his T-Shirt perfectly.  He says they are very comfortable.  I must give myself a pat on the back for this gift.
B003R4ZMYK Cut 30+ secs off my mile - walking! I simply love these shoes! I've had 5 back surgeries so running is not an option. To keep my endorphins up and sanity intact, I walk 4-5 miles every other day (if said back allows). My last two pairs were some decent Nike's and an earlier version of Puma's. My 1st day in these was an OMG experience. The push/bounce off your stride was immediately noticeable - almost to where I was slowing for balance. I typically do a 14' 30" mile walking. My 1st outing with these dropped that into the 13's. Even after ~200 miles, I've got plenty of tread and plenty of bounce (14' 15"/mile). Amazing what a difference a shoe can make in your speed and feel. And a bargain to boot. This will be my next pair.
B003R4ZNHG Good sneakers, however... I just loved this sneakers at first sight brown and orange great combination, love at first sight.After my first day using them has ended I have a few observations:This are really light sport shoes, they don't make the feet look fat, fit really close to the feet.The overall materials feels like plastic or gore-tex, though they breathe well enough at the gym and during the day.There is no tongue in the shoes, it is all just made of one piece, laces are more of a visual thing.My only doubt is if the plastic components will tear after heavy use as opposed to other materials.So in a nutshell, light, small sneakers that are quite comfortable, good for running and the gym and look really cool. Will they last? Only time will tell.
B003R4ZV32 Perfect fit and comfortable I just started playing soccer a few months back and needed some indoor shoe. I looked locally and couldn't find a pair that I liked. I saw these and thought they looked great. They are comfy and give me plenty of traction and support. I love them. The size is exactly as stated. I wear 11's and these were right on. Oh and they are very stylish- I have had many positive comments about them.
B003R4ZVCI Hello 
B003R4ZVQY Made for women's feet By far the skinniest shoes I've ever encountered. Could not even put my foot in them. But hey they looked nice. Immediately returned them
B003RB2OM6 Wrongly marked The  Puma Roman Cat Grey Ankle Strap Shoes are a good product and they seem to be conmfortable.  I find them very pretty but I had to send them back because the size was wrongly marked.  I sent them back and the seller was very responsible.
B003RB6ADU Not very well made These shoes looked interesting and were very comfortable. However, after two or three uses, the bottoms started to come apart on the inside which greatly reduced the comfort level and makes them looks like garbage.
B003RKO2F4 Puma Mens Singlet Very happy with the Puma vest. Apart from being a very affordable product, I loved the fit and the fabric of the singlet. Even though being in black it does not trap any heat within and is very breathable. Only wish there were more colors avaialble in "Small" size.
B003S9VJU0 Awesome I received them and I thought "mmm they don't look as I thought". I tried at home they didn't fit well also. I was thinking in return them, but I decided to wait and try them in a real game. I was a little nervious and uncomfortable wearing my new puma soccer shoes first time. Anyway I jumped into the field and when I was in my possition (middle up), the defense of the opossite team rejected a ball and I kicked back to the goal with my left foot before it reached the ground. It was a perfect score, kind of Ronaldo's scores. After that I get used to my new soccer shoes and I can't wait to wear them again every week.Perfect fit, leather make them soft, light and firm at the same time. The possition of the shoe laces help to a precise kick. I feel like a profesional. You definitively should try them.
B003S9VJU0 Fantastic Cleats, Good Value Comfortable, well padded, great stability, good traction even on wet grass, predictable ball control.  What more can you ask for? The discount price on the older model makes it great value.  Get 1/2 size larger than your usual shoes.  I've always used Adidas within the same price range, and these are better.  Nike falls way behind: worst stability and ball control.
B003S9VJU0 Best cleat I ever had This cleats are just the best,great comfort and it really improves the power when you hit the ball. What else could you ask for?
B003S9VJU0 Great Value for Ruggers My son needed new rugby boots delivered to him at school right away, so we needed a product eligible for Amazon Prime.  His first choice were much more costly and I rejected it.  Then poring through the listings we found this pair.  Two days later they were on his feet at practice, and he wore tham that weekend for a game.  He reported to me that the fit was good, that hardly any break in was needed, and that he loves these boots.  We'll see how they wear over time.  These have hard grounds studs, which is more versatile if you only have a limited budget for rugby boots.
B003S9VJU0 top eyelet broke after 1.5 seasons I was very disappointed when the top eyelet of the right boot ripped through after approximately 15 games. I generally like Puma shoes, but will try out a different brand this time.
B003TW50SI Worth the cost. I am quite pleased with these pants and have purchased them in navy, black and gray for my father.  They are soft, comfortable and wash well.
B003TW5E7U Awesome I was delightfully surprised when I tried them on for the first time. They're snug in the waist while still stretchable. The whole upper leg area is loose in all the right places. The inseam fits right on the ankle line and the vents are a nice touch. I just found my new favorite gym pants! Much props to Puma.
B003TW5E7U Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Pant The Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Pants I bought for my husband fit and look great. Now the only problem is getting him to wear anything but!
B003TW5EYS Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Jacket The Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Jacket that I bought for my husband to go with the Puma Apparel Mens Tricot Tracksuit Pants, look so good and feel so comfortable that he has a problem wearing anything else! I'm so glad he likes them.
B003TWNNOG sleeves are short on XXL - other hoodie came out with a stain If you are getting the XXL for the length of the sleeves - save your money - they are shorter than most hoodies.  I also bought one for my nephew at the same time - though the sleeves were the right size, it came out of the plastic shipping bag with a smear of chocolate down the front.  He was excited and riped all the tags off - so we just washed it.  The chocolate (I hope it was chocolate) came off - but I expected a lot more from the PUMA brand on both items.  I would not recommend.
B003TWNNOG shirt bought for a gift.  This posting is stupid - I just fill these will fillers blah blah blah blah blah
B003TWNNOG Never recieved it Horrible. I got ripped off. I never received the puma hoodie and when I wrote them they said there was nothing they can do it about it, other than ask my neighbors.
B003TWNNOG Excellent Hoodie, Very Durable This hoody has held up well to much abuse.  It is a quality item with superior manufacturing.  This is definitely a product I would recommend to others.  It is a very durable product that has held its color very well after a year of washings.  It is still holding strong.
B003TWNNOG Puma Hoody The hoody was a gift and ordered quite awhile in advance.  I did not take it out of the package until he received it.  There is a hole in the front pocket area.  I mended it but for the cost of the hoody I was expecting greater workmanship.  Was not at all pleased with the workmanship on the garment.
B003U6ZTK2 Beautiful shoes We have ordered them in two different sizes.  They are pretty and versatile.  Very comfortable and our favorite colors of pink and purple
B003V5WUUE My daily school backpack Love it, fits 2 standard size hardcover textbook + 5 subjects notebook + 10" notebook + wallet + pencil bag + Sandwich/lunch box, idea for college students...
B003V5WUUE Got what I paid for. I got this backpack as something to hold my workout clothes. That consists of solely a pair of sneakers, a shirt, a pair of shorts and wrist wraps. This backpack holds all those things pretty well. However, after I change and put my day clothes in instead (consists of sneakers, jeans and a shirt) the backpack get's really snug and most of the time I don't even know if it will zip. This is probably great for a few notebooks, but nothing heavy. It's great looking but definitely not build quality for the long haul, and shoulder straps are not comfortable at all.
B003V5WUWM Puma Echo backpack (MINI) This is not a regular sized backpack. i thought it would be a normal sized backpack, but when i got it it was a mini backpack. this is probably good for kids in elementary school. It seemed like a nice backpack, so other than the size it seemed like a quality backpack
B003V5WUWM Not so good Puma! Thought the material was better than what I received... I am not into the term used for every material, I just know which material is better when I see one.  And this Puma is not worth what I paid for! But since it was just a gift, I did not return it. Had I been the one to use this, oh no, I won't. It also has no compartment for small things, which is rather rare for a bag. All in all, it was not what I expected, but had to accept it anyway.
B003V70CAC One Star It didn't light up so it was nearly impossible to read the dial.  The return was effortless though.
B003W5DB8I They are light, will they last? The weight difference to a standard boot is noticeable.  If you think about it while running there's probably some placebo there.I think, perhaps, Puma decided to chase a minimal weight figure rather than simply make a good cleat with lightweight materials.  That is, materials everywhere are as thin as possible (tongue, laces, etc.) and somewhat rigid.  Though they've held up for a couple of months, longevity is a concern (seams, specifically).Personally I wouldn't mind the extra weight of thicker laces and leather construction coupled with the carbon sole.
B003Y3BDR4 best warm-ups yet! i could live in these pants. they are lined inside, making them soft and warm. the length, the width, the waist band, all of it, so great! Oh, and they have pockets! Score! They are called "red" for the contrasting stripe on the leg, but really it's more of a deep fushia, not really what most would call red. I didn't mind this, so I love 'em!
B003Y3BDW4 Comfortable, good loooking women's sweatpants with pockets! For those of us who need to wear pants with pockets (in my case, for an insulin pump) you know how difficult it is to find just what you want.  These sweatpants are wonderfully soft - 80% cotton, wash well, and the pockets are deep enough for me.  I have bought three pair, since I never know when I'll find these again.
B003Y3BDYM GREAT WINTER SWEAT PANTS! Love this winter fleece. Love the color (sort of a dark greyish blue), flattering fit and warmth.The extra small size is  of a generous size. (I'm 5.2")When I got it in the mail, it had  a chemical smell to it.So I washed it in warm water and put it in the dryer in regular settings.It came out nice and didn't shrink at all.Has 2 side pockets, silver metal finish at the end of the drawstrings and eyelets.It sits well on your waist right bellow your belly button.I hope this review helps you make a better purchase!
B003Z6PXBW Soft, comfy pants! These pants are very comfortable and quite durable. My daughter likes to kneel down and sit on concrete floors and so far they're taking the abuse well. My only complaint is with the elastic that goes around to keep the pants up. It's wide which is good, but after a few washes it had twisted. It is absolutely impossible to bring it back to the original position, therefore now it looks like a big bump, but it bugs me more than it bothers my daughter who actually wears the pants. Overall good, comfy pants!
B003ZJCEXO It Is Perfect--Better Than I expected It is perfect for what I wanted for casual wear inside and outside. I am very glad I ordered it.
B003ZJCEXO very pleased with this product quality and service were all we could have asked for no complaints in either the material or finish. my husbandloved this jacket
B003ZJCEXO Puma logo came off The puma logo came off this product after wearing only once. Disappointed in that . Guess ican glue it back pn
B003ZJCEXO Jacket I like the jacket.  I had looked at other stores for the jacket and could not find one I liked as much.
B003ZJCEXO great gift bought this for my boyfriend he loved it. the jacket is perfect size for him . it is not too heavy or too thin. comfortable.
B003ZJCEXO Stylish, comfortable, good for running Well let me just stay I bought this for style, you know get that "athletic" look going.I ordered the Black/Rio Red and they look even better we you see it for yourself. Th inside is nothing special. It actually feels like microfiber cloths you use to wipe your screen yet feels higher quality. The outside does a great job breaking the wind. It's perfect to wear for those warm yet coldish days. And above all they look sexy to wear. The red strips and zipper look very nice along with a puma logo zipper piece. Two outside pockets that are pretty deep and two inside pockets that are like pouches almost.I ordered a large and the sleeves were a little longer then I wanted but nothing to fret over. I'm 6ft so everything else was find along the torso.So rather if you buy for looks or for exercise, I think you'll like it.Also I got this for 37.00 dollars with amazon prime so it was a steal. They said one left in stock. I come back here to write this review they jack up the price to 50.00 again saying one left in stock. Kinda weird, don't you think?Have any questions ill answer them the best I can
B003ZJCEXO Classic track jacket I'm pretty sure track jackets are the fashion of the future. It's like a lighter than a sweater, but keeps you warm like a jacket. Plenty of maneuverability in case you need to fight ninjas or run parkour. It looks exactly like it does in the picture and fits well, it does seem to stain fairly easily though.
B003ZJCEXO makes a smart looking set I bought this in the blue with red for my husband, along with the matching track pants. It is a really nice looking outfit.I was glad to be able to purchase the pieces separately...since he wears a large top and a medium bottom.The jacket in large was true to size...without having a lot of extra fabric billowing out. Trim fitting but not tight.The material has a soft backing on the inside...seems to add a little extra warmth too.
B003ZJCEXO fit perfectly, great deal purchased for $14.97 and is worth every penny. colors are bright and vivid. thought it would run big since I ordered an XL and my previous Puma jacket(from 2000) was a Large and still fits me. the price difference was exceptional between the sizes so I took it. this one fits just fine.
B003ZJCEXO Awesome Puma styling and design, size is a tad tight Puma Heroes T7 Track Jacket (Red, Medium)The Heroes T7 jacket appears to have a similar fit as Puma's other track jackets, namely the Scuderia Ferrari track jacket I reviewed earlier. I usually wear a size medium track jacket or windbreaker, and all of Adidas' Medium Track Jackets / Windbreakers fit with just enough clearance in the arm pits to raise my arms as well as move comfortably. The Heroes T7 and the Scuderia Ferrari jackets are slightly shorter at the waist and tighter at the arm pits than I'd like. I wear a size medium, and would recommend a size Large if I had to buy another jacket.The material is still rather thin, and I'd say the Heroes T7 is very similar to the Scuderia Ferrari jacket with the exception of the logoes of course, but at more than half the price. The Puma logo is adhered to the polyester jacket, and I wish Puma embroidered the logo. The white stripe and the Puma red go well together, and reminds me of the Puma clothing for Ducati Corse and Scuderia Ferrari. The cuffs at the hands are very comfortable, as is the cuff at the waist. The pockets are a bit stiff and vertical, while the zipper has a huge Puma logo shaped  handle. The construction of the track jacket makes it comfortable for jogging, and more than adequate for casual wear. I do not recommend wearing it below 50 degrees F though, as it is not well insulated.Overall: 4/5 stars, the fit is a tad tighter than competitor's jackets of the same size. Go 1 size larger to be on the safe side.
B003ZJCEXO What you see is what you get! The jacket is a little pricey, but I like it a lot.Someone had said it seems the sizes run big, but I usually wear a large and it was too large! So I had to exchange for a medium.Nice little inside pockets too, and the outside pockets zip. Also shipped really fast, comes from kentucky (at least mine did) and got across the country in 2 days.
B003ZJCEXO Comfortable; strange sizing. The material felt nice and they looked good, but the 'large' jacket I got was much larger than normal.I fit the Amazon size chart measurements for 'Large' almost exactly (42 chest, 36 waist, 34 arms) and every 'large' jacket I've bought before fit well, but this one was huge.I notice someone else had the same issue with the 'large' size.
B003ZJCEXO Good fit and quality It fits well and the zippers and pockets are very durable. This dark color is susceptible to cat or dog hair so you just need a lint brush.
B003ZJCEXO Cheaply made in Cambodia!! The material is too light and the zipper looks cheap which would be easier to accept if it was black. It really sticks out because it's white.
B003ZJCEXO Perfect The jacket qudo me a little big but that does not matter, in my country is doing very cold and I use to go to work.Next time I know that deo buy in size M
B003ZJCEXO Excellent durability and should last forever I don't have this exact shown color of the jacket, mine has a black zipper instead of the white. I've been wearing one that I bought in 2005 and use it every winter very frequently. It still pretty much looks as if it were new and feels the same as when I bought it over 7 years ago. I can't even read what's on the inside label because it's been washed so many times. Now that shows they know how to make a quality product.
B003ZJCEXO Very pleased This jacket fit a gentleman who weighs a small perfectly.  The red against the deep navy is very attractive.  Jacket seems well made.
B003ZJCEXO A classic. If you are looking for a classic track jacket, this is it. Fits as expected and at a much lower cost than Adidas.
B003ZJCEXO Exchange I got the jacket for my dad as a christmas present and he needed a large instead the extra large.
B003ZJCEXO Great Track Jacket The title says it all.the jacket was as I expected, overall it's comfortable and fit perfectly.would recommended to others.
B003ZJHTI4 Delighted Puma Fan Woollen lining makes this hoodie a warm, snuggly piece of clothing but the material is sturdy and hardwearing which is good for physically active son who plays all kinds of winter sports or his spectator father standing on the sidelines.  Highly recommended piece of apparel worth the money I paid for it and more.
B003ZUXAZY Boys Puma Hoodie This hoodie was purchased for my son who plays high school soccer as well as for a traveling soccer club.  This hoodie was not only a hit for my son, but for most of his soccer team as well.  The hoodie is made of great quality and durability and is a must for any Puma fan.
B003ZW2FJO Loved these! So freaking nice pants unfortunately my stoned friend spilt bong water on them! They were so comfortable and awesome. Puma is a quality product.
B003ZW2FJO Six months still no pants Ive got the top but six months later still wating for the matching pants .you need more words I take take back that one star I gave you
B003ZW2FJO Great deal! I bought these pants for my husband who is 6'1 and about 220lbs he likes his clothes a little loose, not baggy, and these were a perfect fit. I bought him a XX-Large and they fit him just right. The fabric is medium weight and the quality feels excellent.
B003ZW2FJO Lovely sport gear Got a lovely and well-packaged sport gear. Fabric is soft and smooth in and out. A perfect track pant for all weather.
B003ZW2FJO Love my T Heroes! What else can I say...these are awesome! Comfortable enough to wear in the gym yet stylish enough to wear out. Double zippered pockets allow you to store cellphone and wallet without fear of losing them. This is a definite must buy for any Puma fan.Fabric is warm enough to wear on cold fall days, yet breathable enough to wear in the gym for a workout, or during hot summer days.
B003ZW2FJO junk! They are giant & all the Puma stuff was pealing off or already completely off. Not satisfied with this product in the least!
B003ZW2FJO These are good pants These were recommened to us by the man who runs our fitness center.  He is quite tall, and so is my husband.  It is always a problem to find pants long enough.  These fit well, although they could be an inch longer.  He likes them and will probably order another pair.
B003ZW2FJO Fabric didn't hold up too well They looked good at the begining but after a few washes they didn't hold up too well, I was a bit disappointed with them.
B003ZW2FJO too small pockets it fits well but the pockets are too small and it is kind of hot fabric for a training pant
B003ZW2FJO These pants are awesome, like them better than adidas tiro 13's These pants are awesome, like them better than adidas tiro 13'sThere length was perfect, had zippered pockets, look and feel excellent!
B003ZW2FJO Great gym pants They are very stylish, I notice I get more attention in the gym while moving around because the white stripe is eye catching. They are stretchy and un-inhibiting which is great for any kind of workout. They are warm and comfortable. And puma brand is known for being an athletic and active so you get that appearance that you know about fitness.
B003ZW2FJO Bad logo The puma logo is falling off after wearing them 1 time. I'm pretty disappointed on these pants and I would like to return them
B003ZW2FJO Satisfied The item was a perfect fit. I've often purchased online & know my size. The track pants were as advertised.
B003ZW2FJO too large size I bought this pant as my size X-large, but it much bigger like XXl or more,maybe because it is a track pant , I think they Mean it ia walking pantAlso PUMA mark is removed after 1st wash
B003ZW2FJO Comfy Cozy Classic Sweatpants I have been looking all over for these pants!!! Now i have them and were them everywhere!!!Original... not knock offs. Love my Puma Sweats!!!
B003ZW2FJO Track Suit The quality for the price paid was outstanding.  I would have paid at least double of these in the store.  Weil worth the money and the quality is great.
B003ZW2FJO Excellent Pants I had bought the jacket few months ago, but could not find locally the matching pants.Went to Amazon, and problem solved!The pants match perfectly with my jacket, making a very sober and nice looking suit.Delivery was fast, the item properly packed, and the waist/leg fit is perfect.  I only had to adjust the length to my 31" inseam (the pants come in 32" inseam length), but that was it!Love it!
B003ZW2FJO Comfortable; strange sizing. The material felt nice and they looked good, but these pants were much larger (with the legs being both very baggy and much too long) than other 'large' size track pants I've bought.
B003ZW2FJO Pants too big and shiny Ordered a pant size XL and pants were 3 inches too long and unwearable.  I always wear XL in all my track/sweatpants.  This pair was way too big and the material much shinier than in picture
B003ZW2FJO lowest quality The pants pilled and the logo fell off after one wash (it's supposed to be stiched on). Two months later they look years old...
B003ZW2FJO Pants too long.  I still like them. Pants are too long for me.  I plan to have them shortened by sewing the hem up higher.  I like them.
B003ZW2FJO PUMA Mens Heroes T7 Track Pants Black/White, Large PUMA I'm 5'10 and I like the fit kind of long but okay. I love the feel of the fabric against my skin, not too hot after my workouts
B003ZW2FJO Love these pants. Pants are great. My last puma pants lasted years of abuse. Hopefully these ones will too.  I just wear them all the time.
B003ZW2FJO Puma freak I must say I got my puma t7 track pants in the mail and didnt know what to expect. Turns out these pants are player! My whole word robe has got to match (black and white) from head to toe I'm not bragging just swagg in!!!
B003ZW2FJO I hope you don't have big hands... Biggest gripe: the pockets are tiny. I could barely fit my hand inside them. Also, the pockets are in the front, rather than on the side. Unless all your carrying is cash and keys, you better have a top (or a fanny pack) with some pockets. Second gripe: Compared to similar pants from other companies, the material is really thin. I expected them to be a little heavier. They look cool though...
B003ZW2FJO Pretty Sure these are Knock-offs I hate to be accusatory but I own 2 other pairs of T7 pants (bought in 2 different countries) and both fit snug and have the same material. The ones i received from amazon are huge. So baggy that I feel like I stepped back 20 years in fashion. They are also very long. I have to roll them once at the top so they don't drag on the ground. The material is different to the ones previously bought. In these there is no fleece lining like in normal track pants.I did not return them though. I wore them to a 90's retro party where they were a hit. They are now retired to wearing around the house so only my wife gets to laugh at me.
B003ZW2FJO had to rebuy a size smaller in store These pants are great for some reason I thought large would be perfect but had to get medium but lost tags so. I figured I couldn't return them so I had to spend money again go to a puma store try them on and now I know im a medium large was huge so make sure you definitely know your true size before buying cause these are not cheap I lost out on alot of money :(
B003ZW2FJO Finally a LONG pair of gym pants! I am 6'2" and long in the legs. These are plenty long with length to spare. The size large are easily the longest gym pants I have owned. No more goofy high-wader look in the gym.If you are like me and tend to look for jeans with inseams in the 36" range then you should be happy with these.Seriously... anyone 6' or shorter will probably need to get these taken up a bit.
B003ZW2FJO Bumpin' Around These pants are great for bumpin' around town on the weekends.  The openings for the pockets are a little small for normal size hands but overall these seem like a decent quality product.  Go Puma!
B003ZW2FJO No back pocket The pants need a rear back pocket for keys and wallet. this information needs to be included in your selling message.
B003ZW2FJO Puma track pants Two good sized zippered pockets, lightweight breathable and still warm fabric. Professional athlete quality track pants. Fits as size states.
B003ZW2FJO Long Legs The pants fit great, except for the legs. The are too long, a 29 inch inseam would be great. They are around a 32.5 inch and my wife is taking them in.
B003ZW2FJO This stuff is fake so do not buy it.  I can't believe Amazon allows such a cheap high priced product on thier inventory. I bought these as a simple addition to my basic sweat inventory and boy was I surprised they would allow this stuff on Amazon.  These are fake, poorly stitched and the labels are obviously fake.  Very poor quality and no real additional features like zippered ends to the bottoms and for the price you would expect a lot more and on top of that just simply look fake as heck and probably are.
B003ZW2FJO Shameful that this garment showed up with stains on it. This garment has what appears as light oil stains on the right leg.  The largest just below the right pocket.  These stains should have been noticed before shipping.  The garment was even folded over inside it&#8217;s bag and the bag taped over.  Seemingly to HIDE these stains.  This is shameful, unacceptable and will be reported to Amazon.
B003ZW2FJO Great pants for tall folk Some people may find these pants too long. They are. But if you're 6'4&#34; and you've NEVER found pants that fit, these are AMAZING. I'm 215 lbs and the large is great for me. They are on the thick side, a tad hot for working out, but that's not a deal breaker. Also, wash and dry them inside-out. The puma logo will come off after it's been darkened by fuzz. But that was my fault for now reading the wash instructions.
B003ZW2FJO Complete junk The Puma emblem and letters came off of the front of these pants after two machine washes. I've only worn these pants around the house a few times and I've only owned them for about 3 months. The emblem was a cheap iron-on so I was skeptical from the outset.These pants are complete junk, don't waste your money. I have a pair of Nike warm-up pants that I've owned for 15 years. I have worn them to the gym, to spar in the boxing ring, and to run countless cold mornings. They have held up like champs. I'd suggest buying a brand other than Puma and I wouldn't recommend these pants to anyone.
B003ZW2FJO Perfect pants for tall men Puma is the only one that makes pants long enough to fit my husband who is 6'5&#34;.  New for this year- the pockets now have zippers so his wallet and phone no longer fall out of his front pockets while at the gym.  We will continue to buy these pants as long as they continue to make them in this length.  Very satisfied!
B003ZW2FJO very comphy I bought it along with the jacket in order to have it match together. Its well made light and feels good.Thank you
B003ZW2FJO Too long Does not seem like a high quality material and further it was way to large. Felt too bulky for going to the gym or running in them. But, then again I may be too picky and you might like em.
B003ZW2FJO Watch out for size. Normally I wear a medium but I size down with Puma track pants. I am 5'9 and 165 lbs. I wear a 32x32 and the small fits me perfectly.I love the zipper pockets. If you want to wear track pants and be able keep things in your pockets then the zipper is a necessity.The puma symbol and the lettering on the left came off pretty quickly and left a faint discoloration of it's former self. ( I didn't mind though since I'm not crazy about having the brand name visible on my clothing.)Pockets could be a little bigger but they are bearable.
B003ZW2FJO Very Comfy As of now I've had no issues with these track pants. I suppose the only negative thing I could say is that they're a little long, however, I'm a little short so I figure that evens out.
B003ZW2FJO Good pants I like these pants, they are a little long in the legs.  I am 6' tall and ordered a medium.
B003ZW2FJO NEED HELP SENT 2 PANTS NOT ONE LISTEN I AM A VERY GOOD CUSTOMER I WILL CANCEL EVERYTHING FROM U UNLESS U UNDERSTAND THAT I SENT BACK 2 PANTS NOT ONE STOP SENDING ME SHIPPING LABELS THERE WERE 2 PANTS IN THE PACKAGE GIVE ME CREDIT FOR 2 I AM GETTING REALLY ANGRY I HAVE SPENT HOURS ON THIS STUPID PROBLEM IF U DONT UNDERSTAND PLEASE GIVE ME A PHONE # I CAN CALL STOP SENDING THE SAME RETURN AUYHORIZATION FOR THE PKG I SENT IT ALREADY WITH 2 PANTS NOT ONE
B003ZW2FJO Bit long so had to have hemmed Husband enjoys them, made well.  Long so needed to have them hemmed.  Don't know why system requires a certain number of words as the brief description was quite sufficient....
B003ZW2FJO Great track pant I like it and comfortable. the pants size are little bit longer but it's no problems.I would recommend to others.
B003ZW8EW6 Nice looking shirt I bought this shirt for my Dad for Christmas and he loved it! But the only draw back was after a few wears my Dad showed me that the bottom of the shirt would start to unravel. I thought Puma was supposed to be a good brand, not cheaply made. It didn't bother my Dad much becuase he loved the shirt but still, a shirt shouldn't do that!
B003ZYVZNO OK - but I'm taking a star off Because it is very difficult to read the display in low light conditions, and the backlight is weak.On the positive side:It looks pretty coolDespite its size, is a comfortable and lightweight watchGood for sports - I have been wearing it for tennis, and I forget that it's even onHas the basic features I need and isn't clutteredHas a good chronographSo yeah, a pretty good value for the $$$.
B003ZYVZNO the watch is damaged !!!!!! I supposedly received in excellent condition and does not serve the functions, chronograph time skips, does not work, does not work well, I feel cheated and worst of all live in Bogota Colombia and to return it is very complicated, very bad and so sad :(
B003ZYVZNO Colors is the background on the black and red slide watch more of a dark orange or is it actually red? In the picture it looks more orange to me, but I was just wondering if that's the actual color or just how the photo makes it look.Thanks
B003ZYVZNO decent its a good looking watch, ive gotten a few compliments from itcons:ive only had this for 1 week and it has a small scratch across the screen alreadysometimes it feels uncomfortablethe light is not very bright during the day, during night it does help though, only stays on for like1 second thoughfor the price, i'd recommend this
B003ZYVZNO Great sports watch for the money Does everything you could want out of a cheap sports watch.  Since it's square, you can wear this while lifting weight without having it dig into the back of your hand (although this could stop or start the stopwatch function - happened once out of 20 times).  The band had a raised bubble at the end that prevents the end from slides off the loops (it has two).If you are a recycler, you'll be a bit miffed that there is instructions for every language on the planet (or so it would seem).  I felt that this was a waste but probably due to Puma's worldwide market, it makes sense.The red color looks modern and somewhat techy so that's an added bonus.  It's not listed as greatly waterproof - okay to wash hands but not to shower?  Come on.  I did take it in the shower one day and it came out unscathed - your mileage may vary though.
B003ZYW0CO Love it Bought this for my boyfriend. I have the female version and get tons of compliments.  Large viewing screen and stylish.
B003ZYW0CO It's a smidge too big for my tiny wrists I'm a smaller woman with very tiny wrists and even though I like big watches this one is pretty big.  It's a unisex so I kind of expected it but I have to put the watchband on the last notch for it to fit.  Thankfully that fits but then there is so much watchband hanging around.  Overall I love the functions and it's easy to set, I love the color, and the display.  It's a great watch and I highly recommend it for someone who does not have child size wrists!
B003ZYW0CO AWESOME Purchased this for my boyfriend for Valentine's Day. He loves it, its sportiness allows it to go with anything. Its simplicity makes it very attractive.
B003ZYW0CO Great watch but not as advertised The picture in the Amazon ad shows the dial to be white numbers on a black background, the rim to be white letters on black, the function buttons to be black, and the puma logo to be red.  Instead the dial is black on white, the rim is black on white, the buttons white, and the puma white.  It changes the design from being stealthy and understated to being kind of garish.  I think the main reason many people buy Puma watches is for the style, and one should expect to get what is pictured.  If I thought I could get it exchanged for one like the picture, I would return it.  But Puma probably changed the style and Amazon did not update their ad.  Otherwise it is a great watch for the price.
B003ZYW0CO As advertised. Looks good. Works well. Wish it was water proof instead of water resistant. Def worth the $30 I paid for it. Shipping was fast too.
B003ZYW0CO Almost perfect The seller I got it from said it was in perfect condition. After getting it I noticed there was a button missing. It would've been perfect had the button not been missing.
B003ZYW0CO Awesome and Fun! I got the blue and the color looks real attractive! My wrist is very small so it looks a little big but still cute. The light is real cool and the readout is huge! This makes me smile!
B003ZYW0CO Awesomeness! Awesome for personal training! Great visibility, long battery, comfortable. For the price it is a steal. I freaking love it
B003ZYW0CO A tish in the big side. I really like this watch, but its pretty big. The dimensions were posted so I should have known, but in the end its a little bulky. I am however, keeping it, wearing it and getting used to it. :) Its still functional and cute, just a bit manly.
B003ZYW0CO OK The watch itself is ok and no real issues with functionality.  The white color though quickly got very dirty and no amount of cleaning will restore the white color.
B003ZYW0CO It's Puma Time! Perfect for my son. Uses it for running and for refereeing. Does everything he needs and it's totally stylin'. Happy.
B003ZYW0CO uncomfortable band; design flaw - beeping rubber material is not comfortableevery time you press a button it beeps.  you can NOT turn off this beeping sound
B003ZYW0CO Wristband on the black Puma Loop Watch is chalky and not actually black. Yuck. The wristband is made a of a super cheap rubber. Almost like a tire's rubber.And it's not black, but just a worn out gray that's chalky and unattractive.The blue/orange one is teriffic (I own that one, too), but this one isn't worth a buck. I'm returning it.
B003ZYW0CO Perfect gift I bought it for a gift. The person just love it. It came in a box, functional and intact. It looks as the picture.
B003ZYW0CO Discolors Watch started turning grey.  I wash my hands often and wear long sleeves at work, often dark colors, and the plastic is now discolored.  Otherwise it was a great buy!
B003ZYW0CO Water proof issues I was hoping it would be more water proof, you should add in your description on how water proof/resistant it is.
B003ZYW0CO A Massive Beeping Disappointment The things that originally motivated me to purchase this watch were the things that separated this watch from the crowd:Clean, Smooth Look: the circular and smooth styling was instantly attractive. I really enjoy the uniform styling of the body and the band of the watch, even though this probably means that the band is not replicable. For a watch of this price, it's not really an issue for me.No "Feature Advertising as Design": So many of the other sport watches in this price range have call-outs all-over the face of their watches describing their various features. Till the end of time, those watches will reminds you that your watch has "Dual Time" or "5 Alarms" every time you glance its way. These are not design features, they are advertisements that remain even after you have purchased their products. This watch blissfully avoids this.Countdown Timer: a wanted a watch with countdown timer, and this had one.All of these positives were still true when I got my hands on the watch, but one massive issue became readily and unusually loudly apparent: the beeping. Every beep button beep press beep is beep followed beep by beep a beep beep. This beep feature beep can beep not beep be beep disabled beep. Every beep mode beep change beep. Every beep number beep when beep changing beep number beep values. You beep want beep to beep set beep the beep timer beep for 20 beep minutes? Well beep, you beep are beep going beep to beep hear beep the beep beep beep 23 beep times beep.Fortunately, unlike the watch, I can disable the beeps in this review. If you work in a office with other hearing-enabled humans, this is going to annoy them, fast. You will not be able to use this watch in any meeting situations. Or weddings. Or movies. Or nearly any situation where other humans gather in peace and diplomacy. It would be more acceptable if the beeping wasn't much louder than other watches I have had experience with. This beeping is the kind that cannot be ignored.After being so encouraged about the aforementioned features, to have such a simple no-brain feature bring it all to naught is massively disappointing. I returned this watch, sadly.
B003ZYW0CO Not bad Great fit and it is easy to program but the material gets dirty very quickly. Also the light could be brighter. I haven't tested the alarm yet.
B003ZYW0CO Great gift! This was on my daughter-in-laws wish list.  I am very pleased with the appearance of it and can't wait to give it to her.  I'm sure she will be thrilled.
B003ZYW0CO just what i needed for mom replacement needed to replace a broken one for my mom for Christmas and this one is perfect bid numbers and smooth band
B003ZYW0CO Lap Counter I bought this watch for the lap counter.  I swim and would like to have it count the laps that I swim.  I can't find anything in the instructions that tells me how to activate and use this feature.  Anybody know?
B003ZYW0CO Don't buyed,. I don't like , puma a sport brand , and only have 5 meter of water resistance ,I can only put in water when I wash my hands ,
B003ZYW0CO Not worth the money at all- feels cheap I honestly would expect to find this watch at a dollar store, looks better in the pictures for sure. The strap material is sort of like a plastic rubber hybrid, not great. Not much else to say..
B003ZYW0CO great product Was a gift for someone and they really like it. Plus compliments were given. The product arrived promptly and in great condition and has all the functions needed (stopwatch and a light since the person mostly trains during the evening). I would purchase another one!
B003ZYXUDW Cool looking and functional! This watch is awesome for timing my runs. The big face is easy to read when I glance down in the midst of a run, and it looks so darn sporty and cool. The fit is a little awkward when I'm running...at hole three it's too loose and hole two is a bit too tight for my (female) arm, but I make do. Some people complain that the size is too big for a female in general, but I love the oversize look of it. Glad I made the splurge.
B003ZYXUI2 love the colour! Easy to set, brilliant colour, true as the picture, like the design and size.Get dirty easy, but it worth it
B003ZYXUNW perfect just what we expected. color of blue a little darker than anticipated.  shipping was free with supersaver through amazon.  have not used yet as it is a gift.
B003ZYXV4A Neat look; poor utility. Puma needs to "jump-it up" a bit. The lens/bevel scratches too easily and numbers are hard to read in most ambient light. I think Puma could do a better job.
B003ZYXV4A It was broken! The product arrived on time but it was broken. I am going to return it back and get my money back!
B003ZYXV4A so far sp god I bought it because I read your details it was water proof until 40m deepbut when I recieved it I found it deffrent its onlywater proof you can NOT use it with swimming or divingthat This made me upsetthank you by th way
B003ZYXVXG Sharp, durable, good price. I purchased this for an active 16 year-old. He wears it all the time, including during weight training and it resists bumps and scrapes well. As you can tell from all the buttons, it has numerous functions, mostly suited for athletes. He says they all work well and positive remarks of any kind coming from a teenager say a lot. Great purchase.
B003ZYXVYU User friendly HRM This PUMA watch is a user friendly HRM that provides the user very precise readings as well as many functions you would find in watches double the price.It can be set for minimum and maximum heart rate alarm, dual time zones, stop watch, counter to name but a few functions. All in all a great buy for thelower end user without the price tag of the polar and garmin watches. Fantastic entry and middle of the road HRM that is well worth the money.
B003ZYXVYU Works Great.......So far!! I have been using it for a week now and it seems to be quite accurate, it works well for my needs. It took me about five minutes to program the watch, quite easy. I have had no problems so far and hope to have none at all.
B003ZYXVYU Rapid Pulse For some reason when I wear this watch in the presence of my wife, it malfunctions. The pulse rate shows a rapid increase, I begin to perspire, and have a sudden urge to ride away with her on a stallion!  Please help
B003ZYXVYU good hi,I've applied this time so that I saw its beautiful shape and also in the process of measurements of heart rate and temporary.Thank you
B003ZYXVYU Decent monitor.  Very difficult to see screen I Like the LED's as indicators and they are critical here-- the watch screen is virtually illegible in anything but bright light.  If they had a version of this with a regular screen I'd have kept it.
B003ZYXVYU No Complaints. The watch looks good and functions even better. The heart rate monitor syncs properly after about 10 seconds. This is a great buy if you are trying to step up your fitness and keep your heart rate up.
B003ZYXVYU I got it I have been using it for a week now and it seems to be quite accurate, it works well for my needs. It took me about five minutes to program the watch, quite easy. I have had no problems so far and hope to have none at all.
B003ZYZVU2 Crap product DO NOT BUY. died after 3 months of use
B003ZZ1ATW Creatively designed timepiece If you're looking for a conversation piece, this is your watch! Love the digital readout, the band is a little unconventional, you slip it over your hand instead of fastening like other watches. The band is surprisingly light weight but seems to work out okay. Most importantly, the directions, though accesible only online, are easy to follow. If you like or collect watches, buy this !!!
B003ZZ1ATW Good for a while... My original review:I really like this watch it's what I usually wear now. I get plenty of compliments and I like how easy it is to take on and off. My only complaints are the backlight could be brighter and the bezel should be glass but the scratches can be buffed out.My new observation:The pin in the band is faulty on mine. It routinely falls off and gets scratched when it hits the ground.
B003ZZ1CY0 looks great, gives the time, has a stopwatch Pros:- It looks great, really great (I have the black one, with black background), it is not huge, it gives the time, has an alarm, stopwatch, countdown timer, and a second time zone.- nice for the price (I paid 24.50$)- I like Puma :-P- received it really quick (ordered it Wednesday night and came in Friday afternoon. Amazon Prime is awesome :-D )Cons:- I was looking for a sport watch with countdown timer to use it to ref games and for interval training. This watch has it, but you have to set the timer from new every time (no repeat, or any other alternative settings), what disqualifies it as suitable for interval training (and is kind of annoying for games longer than 5min).- the description says &#34;water-resistant&#34;, but since the level of resistance is only 5bar, that means that it can handle rain and splashes, but nothing more (no swimming with it :-/ )- the dark background makes it look great, but depending on the light and angle, it can be tricky to see the numbers (doesn't bother me personally, but maybe people who want/need to be subtle when checking the time).
B003ZZ1CY0 Could've been designed a little better The numbers should've been bolder it's hard to see the time even in the daylight  when inside, and the light is dull you have to focus to see the time with the light on, it shouldn't have to take that much to read the time,and seeing the day of the week is out of the question!
B003ZZ1CY0 It wont light up I got this as a gift and it wont light up. I was reading the manual and it said that the light dims out over time but my watch is new so it might the battery. I hope its just not broken.
B003ZZ1CY0 very dirty It came very dirty looking... I purchased it by accident. I was going to keep it anyways, but it seemed like it would get dirty and scratched up fast...
B003ZZ1CY0 FInd another one The display is as dark on this watch as the picture shows - almost impossible to see it in daylight, only in darkness with the internal light button pushed can you see the time.  Returned for refund.
B003ZZ1CY0 Second time buyer I previously had a purple watch of the same style that I loved (and got tons of complements on) and bought this as a replacement when the purple one died. The screen is really dark to view (even in good light) and scratches to the screen show very predominantly.
B003ZZ1CY0 too large for a womans wrist way to large to wear on your wrist make sure you see the measurement before you purchase return was not a problem
B003ZZ1D3K Color color is not so bright as the picture, the light is not so bright in both dark and light area
B003ZZ1ETS Puma Heart Rate monitor watch This watch is pretty good for a basic heart rate monitor watch.  I sometimes feel like it's not that accurate with the calorie counter and hear rate.  I've used it a couple of times when doing an intense cardio workout and feel like it's just a little bit off.  Like, when I feel like my heart is beating out of my chest, it only says that my heart rate is in the 80's or 90's, when I know it must be over 150.  Also, with the calorie counter, it would only say that I burned 200 calories when doing an intense hour long cardiovascular workout (Insanity).  I feel as though I had to burn at least 400 calories doing that workout!  I may be wrong, but it just seemed to me like it wasn't very accurate when calculating the heart rate and calories.  Make sure you READ THE DIRECTIONS on how to set everything up because it can be confusing.  Other than that, everything else about it was fine.
B003ZZ3EWI not recommended I'll just put bad stain and black gets old fast seems that out. not recommended for anyone use.aunque is good technology and is resistant
B003ZZ3EYQ Great look, NOT water resistant up to 165ft Overall really satisfied. Screen is very easy to read, looks great at the gym or at the office. But the packaging makes it clear it is only resistant up to 10m (NOT FOR SWIMMING), as Amazon would have you believe.
B003ZZ3F7C Square shape puma watch Gave it only 4 stars because I like the square shape, but the day and the am pm are so small you have to squint to read them.
B003ZZ3F7C It's not white, It's CREAM. I'm obsessed with white things and granted this would get dirty in the long run, but I didn't want to buy it dirty looking. The watch came to me cream. Very bummed that I paid $40 for the darn thing.
B003ZZ3F7C Color changed This watch was a gift for my girlfriend and was great right out of the box. About 2 weeks of having it, it started turning a pink color. Be careful what you wear with this one. Other colors seem to be ok, white is a different story
B003ZZ3F7C Scratches The first day I wore it, it got 2 large scratches on the screen and it was not like I was banging it against the wall.
B003ZZ3GGW good item was described correctly in the description stated on the site.........no regrets so far.I am a reseller so I bought this item to resell to a friend of mines
B003ZZ3GGW Like it a lot I bought this item for my brother in law who doesn't like analog watches. I really like it lot, the display is awesome. I hope he likes it as this is a X-mas present.
B003ZZ3GPS Fuctional and easy to use Very easy to use. I sent this to my dad as a gift and he really likes it. He is not much of a tech person and he was able to figure it out.
B0040GJTZC Looks great on my husband! I will say that I really like this product. Not only is it snuggably soft, but the colors are super vibrant. I usually get annoyed at large logos on apparel but I really enjoy the puma on the chest of this one, it's very well designed.
B0040JDB26 Style and Beauty I love Puma's shoes. They are so beatifull, durable and They have a lot of style.Desp&iacute;te all these accolades, the Pumas's Urban Mobility is also confortable.Fantastic to use in casual proposes.
B0040QDZI4 Great basic hoodie, but size up! This is a great hoodie to have as a staple in your closet. The sizing is not quite true to size though. I'm 5'10, 135 lbs and usually wear a 4/6 in women's clothing, but the M (8-10) in this hoodie fit much better than the S (4-6). The sleeves are normal length; maybe even a bit short for someone my height, but not uncomfortably short. I've not yet had a chance to wash it so I can't say if it holds up well, but it seems like a good quality product.
B0040QE05G Puma Womens Velour Jacket, Coffee Bean, X-Small This is a cute velour jacket.It's soft,comfortable and very stylish.The use can be very versatile though and I've received numerous compliments on it.
B00416BSD2 Awesome lil shoe Bought it for my son who at the time was 1 yr old, hes now 2 and hes grown out of it. But during that time he wore them they were kool. Got compliments everywhere we went and he loved them too! recommended.
B00416BULC These crib shoes are awesome! This is everything you would expect from Puma..The leather is high quality..the price is right..these are perfect for your toddler girl to be styling and profiling around the home..I will be ordering the next size as soon as she grows out of them!! !!
B00416BULC Completely Disappointed These shoes are extremely adorable and are very easy to put on; however, after wearing the shoes off and on for 2 weeks, the heel already has a hole in it! My daughter probably wore them a total of 5 times, most of those times being indoor, and they are already falling apart. I even contacted the seller about this problem and have had no response. They look good but are of a TERRIBLE quality. Will not purchase again.
B00416BULC Puma Kids' Future Cat Remix Crib Shoe Great product and service! The item came quickly and it was what it claimed to be.  I was very happy.  Would buy from them again.
B0041D8KP4 Who doesn't love pink?! Purchased for my sister, loved it so much I kept it for myself. Three years later I'm still regularly using this bag. There isn't even a strand of string hanging on this. Very well made, and perfect for those of us who don't completely overload their purses with unnecessary accessories.
B0041RR6XM a little tight I purchased this jacket with the intention of using it as a wind-breaker/spring riding jacket.  That said I'm very pleased with the overall quality of the jacket.  It does however fit a little snug compared to what I was expecting given my experience with other Puma jackets.
B0041RREIE Great Jacket These jackets are ideal for wind and rain and cooler winters, fall and spring.  I would advise that for average boys, to order a size up and more than that for larger boys.  The jacket is quite fitted.
B0041SM85M What a Sh*!!! Do not even look at this!! it is not worth, the watch does not even turn on, I have read the instruction, over and over again! I have tried to contact the seller and nothing! I will contact Amazon Customer service now! this is a waste of money!!
B0041SM87K horrible Didn't work when I received it. Wouldn't light up. Waited a few days it came on but won't always work. Suck and a horrible purchase. Shouldn't get a single star. Disappointed I received it and paid so much.
B00426C4AM Puma black hoody I love this hoody.  It's comfortable and fits well, snug but not too tight.  Length is great in both body and arms.  Highly recommended.
B0042AMTOE First Reaction... Ouch! I am not a ballerina and have very wide feet so I purchased these with trepidation. The first time I wore them I got three blisters but I loved them so much I kept wearing them. I'm on my fourth wear now and have no problems I would even dare say they are comfortable. So, if you really like them give them a chance they'll mold, stretch and fit perfectly.
B0042AMVKQ Love these! I've always been a big fan of Puma's beautiful shoes. These are no different. They are as gorgeous as they are in the picture, BUT, do note that they are a little darker than pictured. I found that to be a plus, but someone else may not. Also, whenever buying Pumas, make sure you always get 1/2 size bigger. As usual, shipping was super fast and packaging was great. Would definitely recommend these and will be getting more colors.
B0042AMWY6 Almost great I bought this shoe for my wife and she loved the look and feel when standing still.  Unfortunately for her, when she would wear these while walking for a while, the back of the shoe would rub against her achilles and cause irritation.  She has done some modifications to cushion the back somewhat but it still is cumbersome.  Three stars because it is bearable.  I've told her to just wear them on the days she doesn't plan on moving.
B0042AMXNQ Looks nice but uncomfy 2 stars for how it looks which is as pictured and fits true to size. It's lightweight so you would think comfort. However, the leather is stiff making it uncomfortable for walking all day. The rubber sole also makes louder than normal noise when walking on hard surfaces. Think plastic sole type of noise walking on a hard surface. Was sad to return because I've been looking for black pumas for a long time and was hoping this pair would be it.
B0042AMYUS I get lots of compliments Everyone loves these sneakers. I wear them at work (hospital), and they match my scrubs (blue). So I get to be fashionable even though I'm wearing scrubs. Also, they are super comfy. I'm on my feet a lot at work. And these sneakers make my feet feel good.
B0042AN0PG a little bit inferior quality 
B0042AN4C0 Very cool kicks! Very cool shoes!  They're Puma - so what'd ya' expect?Laces are a little different (offset a bit) and there is not much sole because they are motorsports inspired.Not the best for rainy days due to the low profile, but otherwise a great looking & fun casual shoe/sneaker.Buy at least a half size bigger than normal per usual w/ Puma.  In fact, if you've never had Puma's before, I'd go try some on at a retail store before buying online.Thanks Amazon!
B0042AN4CU Not too bad Shoes were what I expected and pretty inexpensive. The only issue I had with them is that they feel a little heavy and inflexible on my feet which makes them hard to use for aerobics.  I use them for weight lifting and walking.
B0042ANAQA super stylin I would tell you that this shoe sucks because I don't want anyone else to know how great it actually is because then everyone would be wearing them.
B0042AND1M cool on the outside, warm on the inside :) Wow! This shoe looks so much cooler in person, rather than the picture! I got this one in black, I'm not sure about the colors, but they're very cool. They run a bit small but thats okay 'cause I bought it a little big. The good thing with these is that they don't look ridiculously big, rather they're really sleek while giving you that high top look.The fur isn't as thick as it looks in the picture but its pretty warm around the top of the shoe, around the tip near the toes, the fur is less, but thats where you actually want the fur cause your toes are the ones that freeze first. They're also not as sturdy as it looks in the picture; they're pretty floppy, especially the tongue, but that allows it to be more sleek.If you're looking for a sturdy, boot-like shoe, this is probably not for you. But if you're looking for a warm, sleek, high top this is definitely the way to go.
B0042ANHUE Disappointed I had a pair of Easy Riders many moons ago and loved them as a trainer.  They may have been heavy for some but if you had cranky knees, they were great.  The bottoms absorbed a lot of shock and they lasted forever.  Had to be on the lookout for doggie doo because they were a a pain to clean.  I took a chance on these sneax and I am sorry I did.  They are a cheap knockoff of the originals with flimsy construction, and they are HOT on your feet.  They also seemed to fit fine on one side and tight on the other.  Save your money, unless you can find them for 25 bucks....not worth it
B0042ANHUE Some sole-full sneaks. There's only one reason you're lookin' at these kicks; it's the soles on them. Okay, maybe it's 'cause you had a pair when they first came out back in the late *seventies* ...but that's what attracted you the first time around; the soles. I had a pair back then.Up top ...pretty retro-classic running shoe lines with a mix of (mostly) nylon and some suede leather with classic "Puma" logos and wave swoosh. The insoles remind you of how much running shoe technology has evolved in the last 30(!) years; they are comfortable as casual kicks but not the ticket for a modern marathon. Overall a minimal, lightweight and comfortable shoe ...consider these the "speedier" little brother to the Puma EasyRiders. In fact, the FastRider was marketed to lighter runners while the EasyRider tuned more for heavier runners (and this was back before obesity became a national pass time).But then there's those awesome looking soles covered, from heel to toe, with scads of cone-like cleats; anyway you view them they just look cool. Like the EasyRiders, Puma used a "cone" type of tread (they were competing against Nike's iconic "waffle" soles) only with the FastRider they used smaller cones and mounted them in a V-shaped arrangement; two tread cones are joined at their bases and splayed at an angle as they protrude from the bottom of the shoe. The "science" back then was the splay of the cones would offer greater cushioning (vs. the straight up cone tread of the EasyRiders) by flexing as weight was placed on them. The flex-y tread also gives the soles the ability to conform to uneven terrain providing excellent traction on just about any surface, hard or soft. The cushy foam midsole was part of the system and the shoe "works' as good today as I remember it 30 years ago. As sweet as these vintage treads are to wear today, they also retain their biggest drawback; all that flex-y comfort, cush and traction comes at the price of durability. The soles will wear quickly in the heels since there are no designed-in heel strike areas ...again you're dealing with old shoe technology ...and the sole will be long gone before the uppers are anywhere near worn through; the price one pays for "cool-ness". That's about the only drawback I've experienced. They fit true to size and are comfortably snug on your feet. In addition to just casual wear these shoes, IMHO, make an excellent choice as a very lightweight trail shoe ...perfect for the short day hike on established or improved trails or on more urban all-weather gravel. And be prepared, once you get back to "civilization", to check your feet; the grippy soles *will* pickup and hold small rocks, trail debris and mud.If you fell in love with these shoes thirty years ago, here's your chance to get re-aquainted. If you were just a gleam in your daddy's eye  when these shoes first hit the market, well, check out what was cutting edge 30 years ago. Their mission this time around is casual and light trail duty. Either way these are some sole-full shoes; the look is retro-minimal, the comfort is still there and then ...there are those soles.
B0042ANINU Puma EL rey- get compliments all the time These shoes are great. I like them because they are unique. I actually wanted an older model that was brown and green but they were sold out. These ones almost look like a knitted sweater or something. They are super convenient and almost like wearing slippers. I wear an 11 in nike and a 10.5 in these just for a sizing reference.
B0042ANLVE excelent This shoes is very helpfull becuase I can  use it for leisure or sport, ist fits very well and my friends likes it a lot, many thanks,
B0042ANR18 237 of 365. Thank's to Amazon.com's always accurate and speedy delivery, I have Pair-of-Sneakers #237 in my quest for 365 pairs of sneakers, one or more for absolutely every single day of the year. Amazon is my always-the-right-price for always-the-right-sneaker source, delivered with faster-than-lightening accuracy. Thank you Amazon! We've only got 128 pairs of sneakers to go!
B004324566 Not "Fleece" I bought the grey puma set size 12 months for my 7 month old son.  They are very cute and fit great.  They are a wonderful thick cotton material, BUT not fleece as the adertisment says.  I kept them anyways. Not a huge deal, but it is the reason I am giving them a 5.  I would say they are true to size, if not more similar to a size 12-18 months compared to other brands (I have a tall baby).
B0043245CA Not accurate I am not plannning on returning this but the pants are black not grey and the stripes on the jacket are black not grey.  I initially liked it because of the blue and grey so unless they put more accurate pictures up of the things i'm buying I think amazon lost a customer.  This is the second time i have received an item that was exactly right.
B00439GCEM They almost fit The shoes hit high on the back of my foot. I bought Dr. Sholes heel gels and now they fit fine.
B00439GCEM It fits. . . Great for women on the go.  I did not take into consideration how wide my feet are. . .their a little snug  but stretching it out it is comfortable
B00439GCEM shoe comparison i purchased two pairs, one black and one brown.  black does not fit as well as brown.  what's up with that.  I plan tostretch them.
B00439GCEM soles folded I love these shoes but when they arrived the sole of one was folded underneath at the toe and not fixable without ripping the sole apart. Otherwise a pretty good buy.
B00439GCEM I Like It I had seen these in a store about a year or so, but they did not have them in my size.  I wanted this color and then Amazon sent an advertisement, I saw the shoes and ordered them right away.  I'm glad I did.
B00439GCEM Awful shoe!! One star is too much. This item was waaaay bigger than size, arrived scuffed, wrinkled, yes you read right wrinkled, looked like an accordion in the middle!! I can't even believe Amazon would ship out a shoe in this condition. This is highly unacceptable for the standards they are bragging on setting. I love Amazon but they can use improvement.
B00439GCEM comfortable i haveworn puma brand in years....they  fit well...they are just alittle bit long..but this is not a problem..will get some more
B00439GCEM Just what the wife wanted.. ..once we got the right size. Fits well and is very comfortable. Price was excellent also. Would definitely buy again.
B00439GCEM poor quality love my suede shoes. very stylish and comfortable,UNTIL,sole cracked.I can only conclude the sole is a cheap piece of plastic which cracked. I can no longer wear the shoe because the cracked plastic does not provide support and clicks when I walk.
B00439GCEM love these shoes Agree with other reviews. I wear a size 6 ordered a 6 1/2 fit perfect. I am a hairdresser and have always had a lot of leg pain. I am retired and was working 1 day a week. Now have been working 2 full days this last year. Was loosing a lot of sleep on Thurs fri so got these shoes and heavy support hose. Last week had a lot less pain. I also sleep under an electric blanket which helps.I would buy these again.
B00439GCEM Wow these are bad These are very hard on the inside with an uncomfortably high arch. They are very loud when walking and have no flex to them. I didn't like how my heel sat so low in them, and they made my feet look a mile long. The stripe is also too shiny. I've never had Pumas before so I don't know if they're all this uncomfortable but these are bad. I returned them.
B00439GCEM Seam popped after 10 wearings I bought these for my wife's birthday, last August. She loved them, and as fall and winter came I told her to take care of them and not wear them in rain or snow. As spring rolled around she took them out again, and the side seam popped, ruining the shoe. She had maybe worn them 10 times and never for more than a few hours. I generally like Puma gear, but was very disappointed by the quality of this product.
B00439GCEM Puma Attractive shoes but feels just a bit shorter than a regular 10. They still work just not for intense sports.
B00439GCEM pumas they fit really well and i loved that they came in on time. these are defiantly worth getting for anyone.
B00439GCEM Fit well, but not sewn well When I bought these shoes they were great, but about a few weeks later they started to come apart at the seams around the toes. I was very sad to see that happen, I thought that they were very comfortable and I like how they fit my feet, but that was clouded over by the seams coming undone.
B00439GCEM Very Comfortable. I've had these shoes for a couple months now and I'm very happy with them.  Like some other reviewers I did notice the decorative bits on the side were actually a plastic deal that is a bit shiny.  That being about the only draw back for me is not enough to make me not like these.  They fit great are very comfortable and are very light weight.  They don't have much as far as arch support but for me that isn't a problem.
B00439GCEM Keeping it in the family Saw my 23 year old niece wearing these in black.  She's an administrator at a major university and a dogwalker on lunch hour and before and after work.  She can get zesty worth them in the office.  I liked them she sent the link and I love them.  At a family lunch, my 25 year old niece owned them, too.  So all three of us were rocking them on Sunday.
B00439GCEM nice shoe Better arch support than my old Puma Speedcats, so I can actually wear these all day and not have an aching back at the end of it. The laces are ribbon material though, and tend to come untied very, very frequently.
B00439GCEM Looks cute, not sure about support I really, really like these shoes. They have a great look to them - subtly sporty, feminine, and they go with just about anything. I do however have concerns about the support they offer my feet, because I feel my arches aching a bit whenever I wear them for long distances. I guess I would just recommend them as trainers to be worn for an hour or so while working out. For long walks, I'm all about my Birks!!
B00439GCEM Swanky slip-on Ordering shoes online can be scary - but the second I tried these on I knew I'd made a great purchase. They fit like a glove (or a foot-glove at any rate). The stripes on the side are a little shinier than I thought they might be - but I think they'll grow on me. The sole is also a bit unusual - I feel like I'm lifted up off the ground. But these things aren't deal-breakers, they're more just interesting commentary as a result of shoe-shopping online. I love them though and the only thing I'd change is lose the laces. It's be great if they were more of a slip-on, as I tend to just tuck the laces away and not tie them. I'd dDefinitely recommend - the charcoal colour goes well with jeans, and even dressier pants or shorts.
B00439GCEM Perfect fit! I loved these Pumas! Usually if you go to a shoe store they rarely have half sizes & these fit perfectly! Loved them & you won't regret the buy!
B00439GCEM Poorly made I bought these shoes because I stand on my feet all day at work, and Pumas have always been comfortable. This particular style did not last a month before one started splitting at the seam that attaches the plastic part of the shoe design to the fabric part.
B00439GCEM ... is not black at all it tends to be like green the color is not black at all it tends to be like green
B00439GCEM Very Happy These  are the most comfortable sneakers i have had to date...I got the coffee bean color but would also like to get the black ones...
B00439GCEM Poor quality I purchased these to replace my current pair of Pumas.  I usually really like their products.  The shipment came very quickly, and with a cute shoe bag as an extra.  However, there was obvious loose stitching on one of the shoes that I immediately noticed.  There was also some beading on the suede and an imperfection on one of the side vinyl wave things.  I wouldn't have sent them back if they were like $25/$30, but for $60 I want them to be spot on.  I returned them the next day.  Guess I will have to go to the Puma store to make sure the quality is what I expect.
B00439GCEM Loved it It was a gift for my mom and it was perfect size and everything was how I expected it  she loved her gift
B00439GCEM Exactly what I was looking for I haven't worn these often, but from what I have worn of them- I really like them!They are not bulky, so they don't look like other awkward running shoes.Great for when you want to wear socks (and you therefore can't fit into your regular flats) :)I personally got water-proof spray for them, though because they are suade and would probably get ruined in the rain.
B00439GCEM Better than you think it will be I didn't want these sneakers in black but am now glad I was forced into the decision as the black is smart looking.  Looks aside, although stiff when first worn, these shoes adapt quickly and are very comfortable.  They do not slide on your feet or heels.  I would have liked a better insole with a little support but for the lightness and sleekness of the shoe, that is not a big complaint.  I recommend these for more casual use.  They are not for much walking  but they are way better than Keds for simple footwear.
B00439GCEM NEVER DELIVERED!!! I paid in full with Prime and have contacted amazon TWICE as the sneakers have never been delivered and they have not even got back to me !  I would like what I paid for !!!  I had contacted them originally asking them to change the size to an 8 and not an 8.5 and they said that was fine and then I have heard NOTHING - I am very upset as the customer service has been horrible!!  I just want what I paid for !!!
B00439GCEM Comfortable These are very comfortable, especially if you are on your feet all day like me. The only issue I have is they squeak when I walk.
B00439GCEM Puma sneakers I've purchased these shoes in the past and now I remember what I didn't like about them and that was the shoelaces. They are kinda' slippery and NEVER stay tied unless you double knot them. I also should have purchased a size 11 instead of 10.5 but other than that, I'm OK with them. They serve the purpose.
B00439GCEM I love it It looks go for any semi-causal event.Good also for min travel.I am so glad that i got this and before the sale tax gets to 9%!!!
B00439GCEM happy THEY FEEL AMAZING I CAN GO THROUGH MY ENTIRE SHIFT WITH OUT HURTING WHEN I GRT HOME THANKS FOR A GREAT SHOE
B00439GFP8 Great for dusty climates! I do a lot of (dog) walking on dusty trails here in Colorado, and white tennies are just not practical.  I am happy with the fossil/gum color as it matches the dust!  It's very hard to find simple, nice-looking sneakers that don't have any white or excessive jimcrackery on them.  These are comfortable and look great.  Not sure yet how durable they will be, but I'm just glad to have found them.
B00439GG8Y Great deal Can't say much about these shoes.  They are beautiful!I got them for $54 for my nephew's 2011 Christmas gift.  He still thanks me everytime he sees me.
B0043SD9BM Drop it like its hot The price. The shipping. The laces. The feel.. I look and feel amazing in these. Yo YO your kids love puma and its not that bad on amazon.
B0044F1OGG Undersized Nice looking polo, navy and bright green, has O2 embroidered on collar and all other logos are nicely embroidered.Only problem is that Puma has grossly undersized this shirt, XL looked more like a large or even a medium. Do get a larger size than usual.
B00459CG8Q very form fitting, hides sports bra well, breathable good tank but my normal xs was a tight fit for sure.  i guess that's too be expected though as i wear it primarily when playing tennis.  i wouldn't size up though.  it completely covers a sports bra, which i like.
B00459CG8Q looks sexy & hot! looks sexy & hot!i bought this for my wife, she liked it so much...wearing it almost every week we go for a jogging...i buy some other color next time...
B0045RLWJ2 Great !! Ok so i got this cap as a gift.. the quality, shape and fitting is good... the puma cat design is cutting in the cloth of the cap n stands out... dunno if i wud have bought it at $22 but for a gift, its just plain awesome :)so if looking for a smart cap n u find a deal for it under $15, its a must have. On $22, u might find a better one but if u dont, buy it... u wont b disappointed !!!
B0045RLWJ2 Comfortable cap I use this cap three of four times a week while working in the yard.  It is soft and cool enough in the summer but is also keeping my head warm during the cold winter months.  It washes well.  I put it in the wash machine with cool water.  Looks like it will last a long time.
B0045RLWJ2 Great fit, looks cool Always wanted a military style cap since I saw Ryan Moore wear one on the PGA telecasts.  Looks cool, and modern and fits great.
B0045RLWJ2 Thought it was fitted Nice military style puma hat but i thought it was fitted. It probably is my fault for not looking closer but just in case you were wondering.
B0045RLWJ2 sport style puma military cap has its own style, it is a good fit for young man with jeans and a short winter jacket.
B0047E8HK0 SOOO Great This is a nice watch I enjoy wearing it.bt the problem I have is with the little clocks inside. the clock for hours works wellthe clock for second and minute work temporarily when I fix it it does the same thing everytimes.
B0048LVO7A Puma King Finale This is a great boot for the price. The quality is outstanding. The leather is extremely soft and I wore it right out of the box for a full time game. No blisters or the usual pressure point issues.
B0049H8VY2 Wrong item sent My review isn't about the item so I'm not sure how to rate it. The seller sent me a 3 pack of long, white puma socks. It wasn't worth the effort to send them back so I'll just keep them for snow shoveling next witer in boots I guess.
B0049J57OM Great Shoe Super comfy, lightweight, and cool styling. I really love these for work. I work in physical therapy and I wear them everyday. I am very hard on my shoes and these hold up really well. I'm very happy with my purchase.
B0049J57OM A nice lightweight shoe for the casual jogger I just recently began running again, and as I'm still somewhat out of shape haven't put in any long distance jogs with the Faas sneaker yet. But what I will say is that it is pleasantly light weight and breathe able. No break-in time required. They did rub a bit on the back of the ankle at first, but I switched to lo-cut socks from the no-show style and *poof* problem solved. Bottom line, this shoe was exactly what I was looking for without spending a small fortune.
B0049J57OM extremely light Very happy with the purchase.  I got these for myself.  I'm glad they fit since I have such a small foot.  They are perfect.  Not a heavy shoe which is a plus.  I'm getting ready to order a few more pairs in different colors. Fast delivery.
B0049J57OM Look great, hold up terribly Whatever they use to hold the insoles in place wasn't applied to one of shoes so it's constantly moving backwards and gets really uncomfortable.  The rubber around the outside of the soles has also cracked in only a few months.
B0049J57OM They do the job Perfect for my zumba class.  They are light weight and the sole is flat which helps for some of the steps when you slide.  Not too attractive, so I took a point off.
B0049J57OM Light, Comfortable very light and conmfortable.  the toe portion is a bit tight and the inside sole seem to slip a bit but great shoe for a great price (ob sale)  for sur not worth $90 though...
B0049J57OM Really Light weight and comfortable I read the review on amazon and bough these sneakers. These are really light weight and very comfortable. A must have
B0049J57OM Light. Very light. I liked the design. It is light. Did I fail to mention that it was light? That to me was the best part. If anything changes will update the review.
B0049J57OM i don't like it made a mistake with the size of the shoes, but the quality is excellent due to this failure I will give only 2 stars!
B0049J57OM perfect! as a person with feet so flat that ducks are jealous, these are the perfect sneakers!  they are simply ideal!
B004A0YHK0 I Love these BOOTS!!! So comfortable!  Some of the best boots ever!  They break in very quickly.  I would recommend them to anyone.  I am a female goalkeeper, in case you are looking by position.
B004C05KNG Form meets Function Although I won't replace my classic Adidas Sambas for indoor football, these Pumas are well made, with 7 rows of stitching giving you that extra traction for generating spin on set pieces or volleys, while exuding an air of serious sophistication. In truth, these shoes are a little too delicate for indoor football as the material around said stitching becomes "frizzy", which can occur from things like rain, Velcro, jagged edges, or "toe-kicking" a few dozen or so footballs past terminal velocity. They also seem to retain a lot of heat compared to the Sambas, which might make them exude more than just style. The laces also do seem to come untied when not double-knotted. All in all, they're highly recommended as daily walkers and for that occasional 100-meter dash, which is exactly what I need them for.
B004C05KNG PUMA Ligas ROCK These are great shoes! I love the mix of leather and suede, the gold accents, and the unique toe cap. My only complaint is that the laces never (and I mean NEVER) stay tied! Go old school and double-knot your laces. I have a serious vintage soccer shoe collection and these made a nice addition.
B004C2JL3O review amazon wants me to do these are nice shoes as far as fit and quality, But the color is bright ,Im talking neon blue do not wear these shoes without baggy pants covering them blue. They are so bright they have been worn out of the house once, and while they got a lot of positive comments, I hate them. Thats my fault, the seller was fast and their price was great!
B004DKPPR6 Very cheap material This shoes only last for a couple of weeks my son complains about the spikes hurt his feet.and they look very old and this is only his 3rd competition of the season. (And I just got it new couple weeks ago)
B004DKPPR6 Very comfortable and light but meant to be used for longer distances This is a night fitting shoe and very light.  However, the mesh outer shell means you won't get the support you need for a fast sprint, especially when cornering for a 200 or 400m.  This is good for 800m plus, I think.  It's also good for some stride work on the track...definitely very comfortable.
B004DKQY0I TFX sprint 3 umm...apart from it fitting a bit close...really nice shoe...grips the track perfectly...any surface...really light and almost feels as if you're barefoot...definitely recommended!!!
B004DKQY0I For my son My teenager is in track and field and needed spikes for sprinting. Now, he needed rubber bottoms which the description says, however they are mostly plastic bottoms. The sneakers fit great and they work perfectly...we will have to get different ones for indoor track in the fall.
B004DKQY0I little snug in width I bought for my grandson and he loved them, said they were a little snug though, great color and look
B004DKQY0I Sprints The shoes were well fitted as expected .I would definitely recommend this product to others who might want the same thing.
B004DPKEJA Perfect! This is just too perfect. This outfit is exactly as described by the seller. It is lightweight and love it's feel on my skin. I will be looking forward to buying more of this polo top
B004DPKEJA Shirt is okay I bought this shirt for my husband.  It's a nice shirt and I love the look.  It just doesn't wash up well.  The collar is the problem.  I partially dry it and hang it, then work on the collar till is sits properly.  I would not buy another.
B004DPKEJA Bought, exchanged, got another, returned that one too I bought both the white and black one.  The white one is very nice.  Great fit and I kept.  The black one I had a major problem with 2 times.  The colors are black but have a white/tan striped underpart.  That white underneath on one color showed from the front making the shirt look not make well and so I returned the first one hoping it was just a problem with one.  When I received the second one upon exchanging it via Amazon Prime I noticed the same problem as the first one.  I returned but this time just asked for a refund which I received.  I recommend the white one but not the black one.
B004DPKEJA Great polo Overall: Highly recommend. This polo fits as expected and has stood up to a few washes without any signs of wear.
B004DPKEJA It's cotton! I have lots of golf shirts and this one is my favorite as it is 100% cotton and stays cool. I'm 5'10'' and it's not too long or too short (medium purchase). And it's dressy enough to wear to dinner. I purchased another one after about 2 weeks.
B004DPOAP4 puma golf skirt Needed a white golf skirt in a hurry - don't normally buy clothes on line.  The skirt was perfect for me.  Good fit at the waist and comfortable length.  Very stylish - I could have gone to several stores and not be as happy as I am with this purchase.  Will definitely make more purchases like this one.
B004DSNSQS Perfect gift to my brother I bought these for my brothers B-day, who tured 19, risking a lot since he is really specific when it comes to clothing (including shoes). But as soon as he saw them it was love at first sight! The perfect white, green neon puma and lace, overall style and comfort makes them his favorite. Now its all he wears!
B004DSNUSO Comfy Man, these things are ugly (worse than the picture, if you can imagine). Just what I was looking for. Comfortable, too. Well worth the $27.99
B004DSTGWS PUMA DUCATI BADGE TEE 55595102 - M - GRAY Kind of an awkward fit, I normally wear Medium but the shirt didnt fit quite right, If you wear medium go with a Small. Other than that shirt looks pretty good.
B004DSTRE0 Stylish and comfy These are great for daily urban wear. Nicely padded for walking and biking. You can dress them up or down. They started showing wear after the first season of steady wear, and I used them more as weekend shoes after that. I would definitely buy again.
B004DSTRE0 Puma Shoes Once again Puma came thru with comfort and style. The fit was a little wide, yet still comfortable. I just cleaned them for storage and they with stood the washing.
B004DSZL6S Multi purpose watch Very happy with this purchase.  The 'Dual Time Zone' feature in a single display is important to me and long sought after. Set up is pretty straight forward.  Style is very good. And the prices is right!
B004DT13N2 Changes colour with dirt The digital watch is literary impossible for it to clean and to maintain a clean yellow colour look.I tried all the chemicals known to man to clean this product and none of them have worked. I suggest future buyers to stay away from the bright colours. The product itself is wonderful but maintaining it clean is not.
B004DUM44S Great Wardrobe Addition I ordered both the red and green jackets, they are perfect. Old school and very effective, just light weight protection needed during hot but wet weather. They fold up really small, so taking them on travel is easy. You don't have to decide not to take a jacket because it takes up too much room in your suitcase. The zip away hood is another really nice feature. Delivery was fast too.
B004EU33NS Swim with it at your own risk! I liked the looks and fit for the money.  Water got under the crystal after only owning it for one year.  Disappointing and now it has gone up in price.  Bummed.
B004EU33NS Solid all around watch It only has basic functions: Clock, stopwatch, light, etc.  Great to keep on track of workout routines at the gym. It does have a loud beep however, but I don't mind it since I don't push the buttons often.
B004EU33NS Just Right. Needed a watch to take to London while I studied aboard. 24 hour watchface.Great when Im out running. The color is great. matches my workout clothes.
B004EU33RE Cannot thurn off the button beep and how water resitant is it? The Puma Loop does what is says with a few exceptions.  Unlike most digital watches, you cannot turn off the beep on this model.  It looks like other Pumas you can but this one cannot so if you don't like the deep look for another model.  Secondly, the instructions says do not swim or use while is the shower and they don't recommend more than the occasional slash of water.  But they also say it is water resistant to 50 meters (165 feet).  So its water resistant to 50 meters but I can't get I wet?
B004FGIS86 Cheap plastic. And very hard to read This watch is horrible!  It cost $71 and is plastic and you can not even see  what time it is. Do not purchase. It's not even something you buy for fashion. It should be $5. Don't do business with this seller. Their customer service is horrible!
B004FV5JVA Great jacket but ran a bit big. Great material and construction.  This washes and dries really well.  I would say it runs a bit big in the body and shoulders.  If you are slim you may want to size down.
B004FV5KI2 Great purchage I Received what I expected, and I enjoyed a lot this product. definitely I would recommend anyone to go for it
B004FV5KI2 Smelled bad The sweater had a fowl oder when it arrived. I did not like it once it arrived. Also did not fit well.
B004FV5KI2 one issue The thing I didn't like about this track jacket was the position of the pockets there to far back toward the side of the stomach and hips, this the only thing I don't like about it
B004FV5KI2 PUMA Zip Jacket Ordered this for my boyfriend for Xmas. Looks nice but the zipper was problematic. May just be that one. Still worth it.
B004FV5KI2 A tad bit undersized I would order a size bigger than necessary and the zipper is extremely stubborn, you should always keep it partially zipped.
B004FV5KWS great shirt, perfect gift I bought this for my son who lives in San ?Diego.  He said it's the perfect weight for summer there.  It fits his lean frame very well and is VERY comfortable to wear.  It was a hit as a birthday gift.
B004FV5L0E AWESOME AND COMFORTABLE VERY SHARP LOOKING JACKET. PURCHASED IT FOR A FAMILY MEMBER, NOW I WANT ONE. CANT GO WRONG WITH PUMA PRODUCTS.
B004FV5L40 cool pants Nice pants, I would suggest getting the medium sized one, the large sized is too big unless you are plus sized
B004GB0S6U Pleasantly Surprised I walk/run with the outside of my foot hitting the ground first (supinate) plus I have a high arch. What I found out is that most manufacterers don't address this problem like they do people that pronate, so shoes selection is limited. I had just returned two pair of Adidas shoes that did not address this problem and was walking out of the mall when I saw the Puma store. i figured what I got to loose. When the sales person showed me the Nightfoxes I almost passed on them, but figured what have I got to looose. As soon as I put them on I knew that I was taking them home. They are very supportive and very comfortable. Now I want one in every color and I like the "fashion statement" colors. They work for me!
B004GB0S6U Awsome This my second puma from amazon and really nice piece. Slightly priced but fot who needs it money won't be an issue. Good colors and vert comfy. I walk aroun a lot at work (working in radiology) and for all hard vinyl floor puma is the prescription.
B004GB0S6U Just wonderful Stylish yet very comfortable. Love the looks + feel. Recommended for jogging on smooth to mildly rough terrains. Would recommend highly.
B004GB0S6U Amazing! These look really distinct and feel extremely comfortable. I have somewhat wide soles and these seem to work very well for me. I got the orange color, looks great.
B004GB0SNS Fabulous! love it! wanted it! purchased it! got it! and rocking it!will buy it again!do have to say it was a little smaller than i thought i am a size 9 foot i bought a size 9.5 it felt like i was squeezing into a size 8 shoe, after wearing it for 1 day i was seriously considering returning it, i even went online and requested the return label, but i love it so much i decided to keep it and try and rock it out, so like on the 3rd the sneaker got softer and stretched out a but, on the 6 day of wearing it my foot slips right in without me pulling and tugging on it, and now its so comfortable. so i guess you have to be patient and break it in.GREAT BUY!
B004GB0SNS This are a kick! I was looking for a shoe with support for my feet for use in martial arts. Many martial arts shoes tend to be too loose and my feet slip and slide in them. These, so far have been perfect. They're designed to let you pivot effortlessly on the balls of your feet. They are flexible and don't get in the way. They are a very bright white color, which would be my only complaint - they stand out against a black Gi. They're a bit snug initially, but they do seem to give a little with use. The velcro closure makes it easy to adjust them.I only wear them in the dojo, and so far they've been excellent.
B004GB0T7S Puma Shoe This i got on Black Friday deals. Received on time. Fits perfectly. Mine is US-9. Very comfortable as expected.PUMA products are always good for me.
B004GB0T7S Really comfortable but squeaky I really like these trainers, but unfortunately as I bought them online, I couldn't try them on. They fit perfectly but they squeak a lot when you walk! Must be the materials. They are really comfortable but I don't wear them all that often due to the noise.
B004GB0U6S good I swear I never liked any of my shoes like this one - it feels so comfortable and delivers an excellent fashion statement. Great great buy. I used to be a loyal Nike fan, but this one made me change my party. My next shoe purchase, very high chances will be another Puma
B004GB0U6S Great! This shoe fit just as expected.  Note: if you have never bought new leather shoes before you will be surprised, they seem tight and take time to break in, but are so worth it!
B004GB0UTA Huge Run about a size too big. Maybe I just dont understand European sizing. Had to give mine to my mother. Otherwist nice quality. i kinda though they looked like bowling shoes when on.
B004GB0V3A Very comfortable and stylish! These shoes are super comfortable.  They are also very stylish.  I like that I can wear them to work on casual day, even though I probably shouldn't wear tennis shoes.  But I got black ones with a tan accent, so I wear them anyway.  At least they aren't huge white clodhopper tennies.  Also, I travel a lot.  So when I wear these in Europe, I think I probably don't stand out as an obvious American, like I would with the big white trainers.The grippers on the sole improve traction, but they collect a lot of mud, dirt, and snow.  Then they deposit it on the floors of your house if you're not careful.  That's the only negative thing I have to say about that.  I am actually looking for a replacement pair at a reasonable price ($30-$35).  Let me know if you come across any black ones at that price.  Thanks!
B004GB0VIA Nice and comfortable! I bought these sneakers months ago from amazon and I'm very satisfied.  They are sturdy and very comfortable and look great (the yellow ones). I don't really use them for outdoor sports or hiking, just casually since it is kinda fragile and I feel the plastic coating might wear off too soon.  Overall Definitely recommended!
B004GB0XVA Puma Repli cat The Pumas came at the best price I could find.  Delivery to Australia was fast.  Packaging was protective and attractive. The shoes came with cardboard shoetrees and a bag for storage. The shoes themselves are of the best possible quality. Congratulations.
B004GB0XVA Perfect for Zumba!! I bought these shoes this weekend. I wore them to Zumba last night OMG! They are light weight and give enough grip that you can still move on the floor. They are kind of narrow, but I stretched mine and they work just fine. Comfy and stylish. I will definitely order again!
B004GB0YHS Complete Series is the best! I run 10 miles a week solely on pavement and concrete.  The PUMA Women's Complete series has been a perfect fit; very supportive and comfortable.
B004GB0YHS Great cushiony feeeling These sneakers are awesome. I have tried many sneakers that would complement my tough Turbo Fire workout and these are it!!! When i jump i dont feel any pain on my heels or on the arch of my foot. I can jump for much longer periods of time without hurting my ankles. Anyone looking for a good sneaker that will boost your P90X or Turbo fire workout this one is it!!!
B004GB0YMS Bargain for this shoe - fits great, looks better! Although it is a previous year model (who cares - would not reject an older Ferrari car either, right?) and therefore at less than 35 dollars, best buy ever! Cathes the eye for sure - many possitive comments on the looks. Got the red Ferrari belt to go with it - Nice!Take a size up from normal shoe size. My foot is a wider foot and i have normally 11.5-12Got a 13 and fits perfect (actually is my second pair of Puma Ferrari in 13).
B004GB11H0 bad purchase Very disappointed! As my first time buying on Amazon I was so excited for the product I had ordered and when I received it,, it was the wrong size and the wrong color. So I was returned my money with a fee for someone else's mistake..
B004GB11O8 USED PRODUCT, can't believe it !!! I have been a loyal customer and have spent over $5,000usd since I started buying from Amazon and this is the first time that I've felt disrespected and disappointed in buying a product. When I opened the package containing the sneakers, I instantly realized that the sneakers were used probably once or twice. The sneakers had a jean stain on the back, the laces were off white, not crystal while like always when bought new.  Under the sneakers I found dirt and on the tip of the one of the sneakers it's been chipped (black).  I recently just got back from vacation and was planing on returning them but the 30 day policy had already expired.  I have pictures to prove that the sneakers were used and if so I would like to send them to an email where Amazon.com can take actions.
B004GB11O8 Puma sneakers These seakers were purchased for my husband&he says they are comfortable and good walking shoes. The sneakers are also a soft leather.
B004GB11O8 Classic style yet something different I've been looking for a pair of shoes that are more for grown men yet are comfortable,affordable & look good with everything. Really liked the style of these. Bought the grey ones. They look so clean! You can wear them with jeans, shorts and even slacks. They are so universal. I changed the laces though cuz the grey one looked too bland. I put black ones in and they look so much better in my opinion. Very happy with my purchase and they shipped pretty fast. Got them in 2 days!
B004GB11O8 Wrong item sent. I like the product, but the shoes were not what they said on the box.  Supposed to be white/blueprint but were all white.  Don't know what to do now.
B004GB11O8 Cool Shoes I love the casual styling with the contrast of crimson red and white. I've gotten  a lot of compliment in the first week.
B004GB11O8 Sneakers Bought these for my husband he wanted something with green and they fit great and are very comfortable. More for just dressing since the ankle part is low and not good for sports.
B004GB11O8 These are obviously cool... You know Puma's are cool.  These are no different than what you'd expect.  I wear them to work photographing houses, and they are easy to keep clean and looking nice (for when clients are around) plus relatively weather resistant(for when you're traipsing around in wet grass and whatnot) and you never have to worry about looking like a dork, because you my friend have excellent taste in shoes.
B004GB11O8 very comfortable, fits well, very comfortable,
B004GB11O8 disappointed I had a pair of these back in the 80s and, like a fool, I thought they would be the same. Not so, the new L2 has a thinner sole, which I don't mind, the main sticking point is the materials. The originals had a nubuck leather front and the rest was regular leather, the new ones are all manmade except for the little bit around the lace holes which has to be leather or the laces would just rip through the cheaper material (plastic), and it also gives puma the chance to call them "leather and manmade uppers". I always thought that these were a brilliant looking trainers, and they still are, they're just being made really cheaply.
B004GB11O8 Very classy and comfortable for the price, according to the industry you work they fit with work pants. I love it and they are very comfortable .Somebody stole it from my locker at work after 2 months.i guess he loved it better than me.
B004GB11O8 They fit far-better than I'd expected, and look cool, in a more subtle, grown-up way than most of the crap that's out there. They fit far-better than I'd expected, and look cool, in a more subtle, grown-up way than most of the crap that's out there. 'Good with khaki's, jeans, shorts, without sticking-out.
B004GB11O8 great sneaks! the fit is perfect.  stylish, quality materials, comfortable, and just the colors I wanted.  The only thing they could have done better is line it with $20 bills. :)
B004GB11O8 Great comfortable footwear Tiny holes in tongue and front of shoe for i expect for air circulation.feet don't feel tired after wearing them for several hours!!
B004GB11O8 Puma G Vilas WOW! The shoe is beautiful, for real. It has a lot of quality and looks amazing when you put it on.
B004GB11O8 Husband LOVED Them! He got a compliment from a teenager the first time he wore them, so he wears them ALL the time now. LOL They fit great and look even better.
B004GB11O8 Pumas These felt kind of small on my feet. Maybe they feel like this because they are new because they are the same size as my other sneakers. Maybe I have to break them in first, these were pretty cheap as well
B004GB11O8 Great Style Usually go for the Denim equivalent of this shoe, but decided against them this time after fading. While I am happy with these shoes, they do have a cheap feel to them. Tongue of shoe is very flimsy and sole looks cheaply manufactured when viewed up close. Overall, nobody looks at your apparel as close as you do, so I doubt bystanders will notice. Overall style is clean and simple.
B004GB11Z2 AWFUL IF YOU HAVE MONEY TO WASTE GO AHEAD AND PURCHASE.  I AM SO SORRY I DID.  IN MY BOOKS THIS IS NOT EVEN WORTH $20.00. MORE BETTER TO PURCHASE FOOTWEAR FROM FOOTLOCKER. THERE SIZING INFO IS MORE DETAIL AND YOU ALWAYS GET A BETTER FIT. I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER FOOTWEAR FROM AMAZON.  THIS FOOTWEAR ALONG WITH THE POLO FOOTWEAR RUNS REALLY SMALL.  PURE B.S.
B004GB11Z2 Eh, they look good? These tore the crap out of the back of my ankle. I suppose I have to break them in. Currently, when wearing them, I walk with a limp. I guess that's cool to some people, but really it's to avoid tearing my foot wound open anymore. Again, maybe they'll get better once I break them in a bit more.Pro Tip: Wear high socks.
B004GB11Z2 excellent always loved puma and this shoe is perfect. it has the best fit in comparison to my nike's and jordans
B004GB11Z2 comfi Liked it its great fit comfi. I do personally recommended this shoe ti friends and families.. Even strangers saw it and like it the way fit me. This is a winner
B004GB11Z2 Great look! White leather.  No shoelaces. Simple design.*Shoes too flat.  Feet hurt after just 15min walk.*Heavy.*Hard leather. Don't recommend long walks until broken in.
B004GB1242 Great as a novelty or fashion.... no utility to actually run in!!!  But I did buy out of nostalgia, nothing more.  They serve their purpose for why I bought them
B004GB1242 good buy. I Luv it like Jon Lovitz great shoes! fit is spot on. run faster in puma whirlwinds. Dont believe me? buy them and see for your self
B004GB1242 Good looking and comfortable, but not very durable. Aesthetics are very personal, but I really like the look of these shoes (I have the blue and white version). Subdued enough not too stand out too much, while still having some personality.Very comfortable - not break in period at all, and feet don't hurt or develop hot spots even after hours of walking or standing.Only complaint is the durability. The shoe itself seems to be fine, but both rubber soles are almost completely worn through after only 8 months of wear. Much shorter than previous pairs.
B004GB1242 My Ordered Wrong Color the color of my shoes are wrong. I am unhappy. They are the colors I wanted. Take care to give me a solution. size is fine. the mistake was in color.
B004GB1242 my new Pumas arived on time and in a cool new bag-box. so bonus there.very cool-retro looking and very comfortable. very light and will work especially since my old Tigers started falling apart...
B004GB1242 Comfort Meets Style These are the by far the best shoes/sneakers I ever wore.  They are sleek, stylish, and most importantly very comfortable.  Love the variety of color schemes.  Works for "work" and "play."  If you decide to buy you won't regret it!
B004GB1242 best kicks these are one of the best kicks i have ever owned they are a 5! the best ones on the market
B004GB1242 Great traction Purchase was intended as an occasional dry weather golf shoe, and they performed brilliantly for that task.  They are equally good for casual recreation.
B004GB1242 I approve They were slightly larger than what I was expecting but still a great shoe. I've gotten a surprising amount of compliments on them too :)
B004GB1242 Crap The "13" is actually a 14, good job wasting my time. Giving them to my brother, at least he got something out of this.
B004GB1242 Looks great and feels comfortable ...And not to mention price was right at around $37The only concern is their durability, which of course I will not know until I wear them more.
B004GB1242 Awesome So into the color and really super comfy to wear. Puma so how can you go wrong! True to size.
B004GB1242 Shoes look great but shoelaces are pink. Shoelaces are pictured as white but arrived pink. This may be a result of the red rubbing off on the white laces but nonetheless, i was disappointed i could not wear them immediately as i had to go and purchase white laces to replace the pink ones.
B004GB1242 wish they made 12 1/2 i have had pumas over the years. some fit better than others. I usually go with the 13 because my true size, 12 1/2, is not available. the whirlwinds seem to be a larger 13 than the romas I have had in the past. I put some extra thick insoles in them to compensate for some of the roominess and that seemed to work a little.Oh well; they were only $31 so, I will use them for the gym.The shoes that fit me the best by far seem to be converse and onitsuka tigers - they make 12 1/2. If only the other shoe companies started too as well.
B004GB1242 Lot's of good, but some odd things about this shoe Personally I like how they look.  That's just preference and you might feel different.  Standing I would describe them as pretty good on the feet.  For me, they arrive at a spot after a few hours where they are JUST ABOUT to start hurting and then stay right there on the edge.  That's pretty good.  But they never feel really dreamy.  When walking they are just slightly unstable in left-right action.  Meaning the little dots kind of bend sideways for me just a bit and when you want to stop, you move just a little more.  Never had that happen before.SNOW:  These are the worst shoes I've ever seen for tracking snow into your house.  They pick up a solid sheet and won't let go till it's melting off on the floor.  It's just a thing.  It's definitely a thing if you live around snow.Pretty easy to keep clean but just a normal life-span for a shoe in my estimation.Overall I like mine as they are unique and very lightweight.  Easy to slip on for a bit of here and there around town or the house.  Not recommended for serious athletics.
B004GB1242 Love them! This shoes are great looking and somewhat comfortable.  The only reason I deducted a star is because there is no support, so if you over pronate, your knees will be killing you at the end of the day.
B004GB1242 duh! they were 30 bux.they look sweet.Haven't worn them yet.  Whatever, they were 30 bux.....4 more words required....
B004GB1242 green&yellow pumas purchased green&yellow pumas for $60 to show school spirit for new job at a high school.the kids & staff love them.walking 5-6 hours a day,they are super comfortable.and good looking. highly reccomend!
B004GB1242 Puma Sneakers I ordered these sneakers from Australia and anyone who has travelled to the US and back distance is an issue, so much can go wrong!I recieved my goods in approximately 2 weeks and the service and process was smooth and hassle free.A great price and l will be ordering through Amazon again.
B004GB1242 luv em luv my new tennies everyone asks where i got them company good to work with they arrived on time and new
B004GB1242 very lite This is the first time I have bought this shoe and I didn't have anything to go by except the reviews. I like the colors, I like the fact that they are nice and lite. The only issue I have is that they lack the support that I am use to in a good sneaker. I feel my foot wanted to roll inward and I don't like that.But I am keeping them and seeing if I can get use to them.
B004GB1242 Affordable, Sylish, and Comfortable Like the title says, this show is all around awesome.  I was surprised how comfortable it was compared to my other Puma's which made me give this shoe a 5 rating.
B004GB1242 Incredibly comfortable These are the most squishy and supportive shoes I've owned. Great styling, price and packaging. Haven't had them for long so I don't know the longevity.They are very slippery because of the bumpy sole.
B004GB1242 Comfort first I am very happy with these sneakers. They came as advertised. Color is great. Price was right on.  2 day shipping made this order well worth it.  I have been buying Puma for years and have always been happy with their quality.
B004GB1242 Great dealer Shipping was pretty quick. Unfortunately the shoes were too large. However, returns are extremely simple and I was able to order the right size very quick as well as return the original purchase.
B004GB1242 Ebony/Cordovan/Gray/Violet Just got the Ebony/Cordovan/Gray/VioletIn the picture the gray area looks pretty much white although when you get the shows the ray is really a silver gray color, I personally liked the way the white looks so dont be misled these shoes are super light weight and comfortable for me who has size 14 feet and extra wide. I kept the shoes even though they don't look like the one in the picture they still don't look bad.4/5: Due to misleading picture
B004GB1242 thx u the product fit ,got to me on the date low price fed ex on time once again thx you amazon
B004GB1242 Puma Whirlwind black/steel shoe review Puma shoes are excellent products.  My recent order Puma Whirlwind black/steel is true to fit better than expected, price for product is acceptable but always better to get it cheapter.  Will purchase more styles and colors, this marks my 3rd shoe order on Amazon for Puma shoes. I love this product and site.  Shipping was extremely fast to Guam one week which is very rare, it usually takes 2 weeks or more for anything to get to Guam.I am 110% satisfied.
B004GB1242 Most comfy kicks ever I bought these to be part of a theme costume for a party.  The added benefit is that they are extremely light, airy, and comfortable.  Love them.
B004GB1242 Great looking shoes These are typical Puma shoes. They fit like almost every other Puma - They're snug, but not tight. It's like wearing compression socks, but without them being uncomfortable. Puma's to my feet have the perfect amount of cushion as well. And for the price that I obtained these for, they were a steal (love Amazon!). Finally, the color is pretty darned close to the pictures - REALLY bright blue and very white. The Puma swoop is a leathery type material, so it's a bit washable, but the rest of the white areas will most likely be an issue to keep clean.
B004GB1242 Puma Classics The puma whirlwind classics are so comfortable. I would recommend these sneakers to anyone....It's like floating on air...Easy to put on.
B004GB1242 a fantastic shoe after reading other reviews, i was apprehensive to buy, but after wearing them a week at work as a bartender, then wearing them camping the following week, im happy to report that there is no bleeding ink on my socks, the surface of shoe is easily cleanable with a damp rag, and these are very durable, comforable, and sharp looking kicks. will buy again, especially for the price.
B004GB1242 Want to get light on your feet? In the interest of full disclosure, I have several paris of Reebok comparable shoes and give them high marks for the time I've had them in service or the past couple of years.  I bought these Puma kicks after receiving a recommendation from a guy at the local gym who has the same issue as my own, meaning vulnerable or bad feet.  The first thing I noticed with this Puma brand shoe is a snugger fit.  Still comfortable but giving the impression of a little better support because the foot is less likely to move around during use.That feature is important because of possible slippage leading to falling and attendant injury during a jog or intense weight workout at the gym.  I gave the Pumas a test on both counts & must say I was impressed.  The support was excellent and stability a shade better than with the Reeboks so the Pumas get on the scoreboard early. They're also lighter in weight by an ounze or two or at least, seem so to me.  Now, 'early' is important to note because I obviously have no way of knowing how well they'll hold up in the weeks and months ahead.  The Reeboks have been excellent in that regard but if the Pumas prove to have quality longevity, I'll improve my ranking to a full 5 stars.  At first blush, the Pumas have been impressive.
B004GB1242 Puma Kicks They came in the color and style I expected. They arrived on time. The only problem is that they run a little larger than expected.
B004GB1242 RUN SMALL! First thing is that they are a tad small for the listed size. Now my sizing is as follows: I am 9.5 in most everything (Adidas, DC, new balance, bowling shoes) and 9 in chucks. So, pumas being a narrow shoe I went with 9.5s. Wearing socks, my toes rest against the front, not entirely uncomfortable but not ideal either. If it was any worse I'd have ordered the 10s and returned my current pair.Okay, these are great. The build is high quality and symmetrical between the two shoes. The laces feel a bit too thin for my preference, and a bit short. I have to tie them slower to avoid redoing the process. The right tongue has a tendency to slip right while tying but once set it doesn't shift anymore. I have not experienced any bleeding yet, but they haven't broken in either, likely no miracle there.Unlike a traditional leather/rubber shoe, the closest comparison in the overall feel is like wearing a snug winter down jacket (I call them puffy coats, not sure of the real name, but they are the ones that have diamond stitching).
B004GB1242 Great color At the beginning I tought they were too colorful but once I start using them I love them and I receive a lot of good compliments
B004GB140Y buen precio buenos zapatos I have not much to say, except that they are comfortable, and pretty cheap, a purchase that I can not repent
B004GB14HM thats ok i made a mistake whit the size but it was a great present for my father!! thank you very much
B004GB14HM Sweet cheap PUMA I wear these as a casual shoe, not for playing soccer, so I can't comment on their sporting uses. What I can say is they're comfortable, stylish, and wonderfully priced. I've put a ton of miles on these puppies and they're still going strong with no noticeable wear to the sole or instep. I walked all day in and around Amsterdam in them and they didn't give my legs or back any trouble. One negative is they are not the most comfortable shoe to stand still in for long periods of time due to the lack of cushion, but you wouldn't expect that anyway. As soon as I am done with this review I am going to purchase them in another color. Great sneakers, great price, 2-day free shipping with Prime. Giddyup.
B004GB14HM Excellent footwear Excellent footwear for game in a hall. The size 42.5-43 has bought from me 10 us men have very well approached. Next year I will buy same.
B004GB14HM Decent Shoe It has the same amount of support as Chuck Taylors. Keep that in mind if you are looking comfort over style
B004GB14HM Definetly not for soccer, they only look great. These are not for play soccer at all. They have plenty of traction but they have almost nothing of cushion for the ball impact in sala soccer. This is not a problem for me because I dont want this sneaker to play soccer. They really look great, I love this pair of shoes, they are really lightweight and comfortable, definetly worth the price.
B004GB14HM Comfy, but wears too soon. This were some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. However, I have two chief complaints: they're so thin and offer so little arch support, that your feet start to hurt after a while. Also, they wore out very easily. I had them just a couple weeks and the sole started peeling near the heel. It's a shame because they're so comfy and look great.
B004GB14HM Broke first time I put them on The shoe string loop broke as a tightened up these shoes for the very first time. I like the look and wished they had been better quality. Puma usually does better.
B004GB14HM Great look. Wrong women's sizing. The shoes look great but the sizing is wrong. The product page said it was a "Women's 6.5 / Men's 8." Too bad women's sizes are 1.5 HIGHER than men's, not the other way around. So for the other ladies out there, make sure to subtract 1.5 from the Men's size instead of going by what the women's size is listed.March2013
B004GB14HM Perfect shipping to europe Shipped to finland with no problems. I bought 2 pairs for a much better price. 5/5 and fits as expected
B004GB14HM Awesome I have worn a lot of shoes these are like im not even wearing them. Lightweight and stylish. Love the colors and they are quite warm. Like im wearing sock wherever i go.
B004GB14HM Beacause of the size I chose a number 9.5 for women and I get a 11, man, I really loved that tennis but I can not use it because it doesn't fit me. I would like to receive me some tips of sizes to buy the next time, if I could.Thanks any way
B004GB14HM Zapatos Tremendos zapatos para jugar futbol salas y correr . . . . . . . . . . . .
B004GB14HM Nice shoe for this price I received it and wore it yesterday night. It is new, but it feels soft. I scored three times in three indoor games. You can buy it and try.
B004GB14HM True Puma After more than 20yrs after my playing days i decided to make puma my  nuber one brand again.These Esito's were super comfy and well made. Puma carries on its remarkable tradition.
B004GB14HM Very stylish shoes! A lightweight shoe, very comfortable and much less expensive than in the stores.Casual yet chic!  I wonder if any bright colors will come out in the near future?
B004GB14HM Excellent for the price The quality was great, as expected from a Puma brand. I'm using it almost 4 times a week. It's very comfortable and I like it a lot. It will be my next choice if I go for another one after this one, for sure.
B004GB14HM Very good casual wear Since buying I have been using it many times.Reason it is very light, looks cool and feels comfortable.Only complaint of mine is the laces are tooo long. I have to tuck them back into the shoe.
B004GB14HM Comfortable and sleek. Great purchase. Didn't buy it for football so I can't say how it holds up there. But stylish and comfortable for everyday use.Size 11.5 no problems.
B004GB14HM Light, comfortable. Very comfortable and feels light on my feet.I like the hint of gold.One complaint is that if there is any moisture on a smooth surface, I start slipping a bit as I walk.  Great on any other dry surface however.
B004GB195E Super cute spectator-like I bought these shoes at the Puma store in Chicago.  I was looking for a comfortable flat shoe that would replace my worn out black leather ballet flats.  When I saw these, they weren't exactly what I was looking for, but they were better!  A fashionable style reminiscent of the spectator shoe.  I got the black, white, and hot pink ones which look like tap dancer shoes.  Lightweight, comfy, stylish with everything!  The back heel does hurt a little after a while of wearing it all day, but not something a good padded foot sock won't cure.  I always get complimented when I wear them.
B004GB19WW Unique and stylish Light sneakers and quite comfortable , got many compliments for the unique studded look . As expected from puma light weight and stylish
B004GB19WW Great shoe for Martial Arts I've broken my toes several times over my lifetime so my range of motion is not the best with them.  Because of this, my first day of Krav Maga, I performed a front kick and proceeded to roll my big toe under and it broke.  Now with shoes, I don't have that concern.  Additionally, I'm training in martial arts not to be used in tournaments or competitions, but rather for everyday life (the street).  My assumption is that, other than sleeping, I'm always wearing shoes, so it would only make sense to train with shoes on.  These have held up very well and they provide good feel through the thin articulating sole.  The Velcro is as strong now as it was on the first day (which was an initial concern for me).  I've been very happy with this purchase and several people I train with have inquired about them.  Many of them have injured their feet in training and are now seeking the protection of a shoe.They are pricey and run a bit small.I usually wear a size 10.5 US.  I ordered these in an 11.5 and they fit great.  The leather has also stretched and fitted to my foot more precisely over time.Very happy with them.
B004GB1A8U Elegant and subtle but a little uncomfortable. I bought this sneakers for my mom, she said me that they fit a little small for the foot size of a person. When you put it, they feels a little bad manufactured.
B004GB1A8U Excellent transaction! My sneakers came in perfect condition and on time.  The service was fantastic and I would definitely do business with this vendor again.  Thank you!
B004GB1A8U Cute but inaccurate size and not too solid I had to return two pairs of this, because both were big and felt uncomfortable. I wear size 8, and even 7.5 was very big. Also the shoe is a little wider up top, and the sole is very thin. It looks trendy and all but not too solid for walking long distance.
B004GB1A8U Puma Sneakers Absolutely amazing sneakers! They take up only a tiny amount of space in my suitcase, they are incredibly comfortable, and great for walking!
B004GB1CN8 Just Perfect Got these for my mom two weeks ago and she loves them! She keeps going on about how light and comfy they are, how much they don't hurt across the top of her feet (that's been a problem). She mostly jogs on the treadmill and she likes they way they cushion her feet on impact. They look great too, very slim fitting. Also, I got her .5 size bigger and they fit perfectly. Hope this helps, I'm usually a Saucony girl but I might check these out when my pair wears out.
B004GB1CXI groovy :) just got my husbands shoes today and he loves them! I ordered them march 30th and got them on april 2nd, they said i should see them around april 8th. got them alot sooner! i'am very happy with the way the whole order went :) i will definitly be ordering more for the whole fam bam soon :) thank you!
B004GB1CXI do it Fits very well on long and thin feet. Couldn't ask for more in shoes. The support on the middle section of the feet is amazing as well.
B004GB1E7C GETS YOU NOTICED Bought for my husband he gets lots of compliments, I love it too. Its a bit flashy but hey its okay to get notice if you are wearing something great!!
B004GB1E7C i like it but ......... i like it but it cames wrong color, i choose the black/white but it came black with white and red!!!!! and i don't know how to contact amazon for that
B004GB1E7C They are better than they look... I got the black ones [12D], here it is:- Excellent price [Black/White].- Pictures are not fair to the real quality [added couple pics].- Very comfortable!- Fast shipping!- They look awesome, clean and simple.Very very pleased with this buy, I got them for daily use at work, but i think they're too good for work.
B004GB1NIM Attractive Puma Shirt I like the styling of this Puma shirt but it runs a little smaller than other types of shirts like this.  Washes and wears well, just might not want to put it in the dryer.
B004GB1NUU I don't like the fabric but... It fits all right!!! I mean that the fabric (cotton) is not good for using it a lot... i prefer synthetic fabric because they are more durable...
B004GB1O0E Great running shorts! This review is for PUMA's women's moisture management running shorts. They fit great and are very light. The material truly does what it says: moisture management. Liquid (sweat) evaporates quickly as you walk out of the gym. An added plus is my husband says my bum looks hot in it. So I have two, a pink and a black. In these shorts I wear an XS. I am 5'1'' and weigh about 107 lbs with a larger bum and thighs but these shorts look great on me. I don't like Nike or Adidas shorts because I either look like a sausage in them and/or they are too high wasted.The quality of these shorts are really great. They liner was weird at first but now I don't even notice them because theses shorts are light. A very small pocket on the inside that can hold a couple of keys, credit cards, or cash.Overall, really flattering, quality fabric (PVC free) and workmanship. I got both my shorts for under $21.
B004GCIFCS not so hot These shorts were cute but began to fall apart at the waistband.  The threads started to literally unravel.  Cheaply made.
B004GCIFMI Don't like the quality I'm not happy with the quality of this tank, I thought it was better, but looks cheap, doesn't seem to be original puma
B004GCJS3S PUMA PLEASE fix your zippers!! We are Puma Brand LOYALs, and are consistently disappointed with the zippers on the bags.We have had 3 backpacks, 2 purses, and 1 gym bag with zippers whose teeth misalign easily. Why are the zippers so unreliable when the rest of the product is very nice?
B004GCJSTM puma core grip I can put alot of stuff!! Good for books as well! Very lightweight... the only thibg is that the pocket inside is not big enough
B004GEAPBU These Pumas ROCK!! Pretty, pretty, pretty!!!These are the most comfortable shoes I've found since Adidas stopped making the Ozweego style. Really supportive without any inserts- I have plantar facitis, so this is a must!! I stand/run around on a concrete floor all day at work and my feet don't bother me at all anymore. Excellent excellent shoe!! Will most definately buy again!! Thanks Puma!!! XD
B004GEATZ2 Nice for kids perfect finish is good for walking children, encourage all parents to buy their children. closing their magic to make it easier putting them children
B004GEATZ2 Not Leather as advertised I can't believe amazon lists these as leather shoes. They are not. The fake suede purple looks very cheap as does the white vinyl.In my opinion $40 overpriced. I wouldn't pay over $20 for such low quality shoes.My daughter has a pair from Piperlime that were Cabana Racers as well, but they were real leather (and less expensive!) - I was hoping for the same good quality shoes, but these are very cheaply made. I live internationally and had to have a friend bring these to me from the States, otherwise I would send these back.Don't waste your money here.AMAZON! YOU SHOULD REMOVE THIS FALSE INFORMATION ASAP.
B004GEATZ2 Horrible My son, 6 years old, has only wore these shoes for 3 months and they have completely fallen a part.  He has worn Nike and New Balance and both have lasted through the entire school year.  I would not recommend this product to anyone.  I also am extremely disappointed in the customer service at both Amazon.com and Puma.com.  Beware Amazon only backs their shoe sales for 30 days.  When I spoke to the representative all she kept saying was since it is over 30 days there was nothing Amazon could do.  Then Puma, I spent the time to send an email with all the needed info plus pictures and they responded that it was normal use.  Well, my son has never had that happen to any shoes he has owned. I am highly disappointed.
B004GEATZ2 they held well through the season and more!! Nice attractive shoes and they held well through the entire season. My 6 y.o. wore them daily to the school and she's a very active child. We had no issues with these sneakers whatsoever - I even washed them in the washing machine once - and they held up quite nicely. Definitelly a good buy!!
B004GEAUYC Cheap looking Not well made, sizing is off as well. Not even my 5 year old liked them. I liked the velcro, but def not worth the price.
B004GEAW8G Bright, sporty and fun! I'll be donating these to the Christmas Giving Tree at our church, for needy foster children and am SO pleased to be giving shoes that will delight a little girl. They are classic, but with fun, trendy colors. I love my adult sized Puma's and can count on the quality, so I know this girl's version will be a great gift.
B004GEAWR2 Red Pumas I was so surprised to find these sneakers for the price that I did.  These sneakers are usually priced for a lot more money, but I guess that I got very lucky dealing with this seller.
B004GEAXO4 Great Looks juts like a grown up shoe.  Beautiful quality.  Looks just like the picture.  Size is perfect and easy to get onhis feet.  I will be ordering more of the larger sizes as he needs it.
B004GEAXY4 Fits well these shoes work extremely well for our 6 year old grandson.  Easy for him to put on himself and wear well.
B004GEAZOW Got for my son and I want to steal them! We received these and my son tried them on and told me how comfortable they were.  We wear the same size, so I tried one on and fell in love.  These have got to be THE MOST comfortable shoes I have ever felt.  My husband swears by Asics, but I thought my 9 year old would like these, they looked cooler and more youthful than the Asics.  I wish my husband could try these on to feel them, they feel amazing!  I would HIGHLY recommend these to anyone!  Then there was the price, $22.26...I mean you can't buy an off brand for that.  I wish I could give more stars.  Will update later when we know how well they last and stand up to daily use.
B004GEB1GI Comfortable but... I purchased these Pumas for my 11-year-old son at the beginning of the summer.  We knew that they would get filthy-dirty from running around (which they did), but I was surprised when his toes began to bust through the front after only 4 months.  True, he wore them every single day and is a very active boy, but not THAT active!  Having said that, the laces stayed tied, the shoe was comfortable, and he told me he would order them again if they weren't white.  I would recommend these Pumas to anyone who isn't afraid of constant upkeep or dirty shoes, but is looking for comfort and a little bit of style.
B004GGUB1M soft-feeling fabric but tough My 10-year-old son loves these pants. He likes a comfortable waist, and these have an elastic waistband like most track pants. The fabric is a pseudo-suede / silky cotton that stands up well to washing machines and dryers. They have some decorative touches, such as piping and reflective stripes, which are stylish. They are very comfortable.
B004GNQIOE Very comfortable Great sneakers. Really comfortable. I use them for walking. Material is not leather but synthetic. I bought these to be my winter sneakers.
B004GXBPTC It's not a skort It's a skirt. No shorts underneath. If it were described as a skirt I would have given it five stars. Nice, thick material and tight seams. I'm keeping it as it's hard to find reasonably priced tennis skirts. Still, if you're looking for shorts under the skirt - you won't find them here.
B004HD4YXK not quite what I expected Didn't really get what I was expecting... These are like a slipper/shoe hybrid.... No support or protection, they are pretty much just casual shoes... Feels like they will fall apart soon also :(
B004I6C730 Loving it... I hopped all over this product when the price dropped from $100 to $80 to then $50. No complaints from me. Came with a bag and a spike tool. It also came with a free 12 month issue of Golf Digest or 6 month of Golf World. I took the Golf Digest issues. Great Product.
B004IEMIYA seriously?? i play soccer no more than 2 days a week, though usually only once. i normally go through a pair of cleats around about a year. i had these for 2 months and the inside heel is already coming apart. in my illustrious 25+ years of soccer i have never had this part of the shoe come apart. the toe part? sure. the instep near the toe? almost every time. but not the heel and certainly not this quickly. i'm a bit disappointed.
B004IEMIYA A great soccer shoe when I wore this boot that's I'm like a glove, is very light and I am not perfect waist, perfect for any field, even those with mud
B004IEMIYA Solid cleats These were my first Puma cleats.  I have been a big fan of Adidas and Nike in the past, but I decided to give these a try.  The first couple times I wore them, they really cut into me on the achilles of both feet.  However, after breaking them in a little bit they are very comfortable. The tongue comes down over the laces to cover the knot nicely and has a little velcro to hold it down. They hold traction well and allow for a good touch on the ball.  I've only played probably 20-30 hours on these,(mostly on indoor turf) so I can't speak too much to the durability, but they are holding up well so far.  For the price, they do a great job.
B004IEOCNA Great cleats These cleats are sturdy and comfortable.  They feel like they have a lot more support than my Nikes. They fit true to size.
B004IERPNO Happy "cat" on the U9 team at my house Son has wider feet, these are maybe cut a little more forgiving and accommodate his paws. Worn a whole season without complaints, and asked me to get a bigger size in this style the next season.
B004IERPNO Puma Power Cat 2.0 I've purchased three pairs of Power Cat 2.0 cleats for my two girls (15 & 7)over the past two seasons, including these. Once of my daughters plays competitive soccer 9 months out of the years, so comfort is very important. Both girls have tried other brands and these are definitely their preferred brand and style.  They are made of a very soft leather and are very comfortable and feel light for a leather cleat. They are very comfortable right out of the box--you don't have to break them in. These cleats have "3D Power Shooting Technology" that claims to increase the power of your shot by 10%--and I have to say that I was little skeptical at first, but I think it really does work. The price on Amazon was also a good deal.  Would highly recommend...
B004IETKWS Soccer cleats This soccer shoes fits perfectly fine and they play well on firm ground. I even plan on getting a next 1 for myself.
B004IETKWS Awesome shoes The shoes are great, fit snug like a athletic shoe should, cool colors awesome. Need more characters so blah blah blah
B004IETKWS The picture is one thing and delivering is another. Buy this product but in the photo as you look pimples on the ground and when I got the shoes were the type of shoe without pimples to play indoor soccer. And no football on grass. So it's not what they sell. Bad seller.Change the pictures, do not buy are mitiendo. It says nothing anywhere that those are not pimples.
B004IETKWS Good cleat! The size is accurate (one think you my concern on online shopping) fits great , fils great , three games so far played and I have no complains.I'm not professional player , playing for entertainment so didn't want to spend to much money! This is the cleats I need....
B004IETLOA not bad I think it is normal chose, but be careful the size is usuallysmaller than what it is.if you find something better go for it.
B004IETLOA Fast, easy, good price The shoes look great and were priced competitively.  The arrived quickly after I placed my order.  Lots of words required for this review!
B004IETLOA Fantastic These are really comfortable indoor soccer shoes, I'll play forever like a pro. I'll tell to all my friends about it!!!
B004IETLOA excellent thanks to amazon for taking this product as soon they could. the shoes are perfect, i couldn't use them cuz it wasn't my size, but my nephew did
B004IETLOA Cool!!! It was what I want... thank you very much... but next time I will order 10 1/2 because 10 is a little tight for me...Thank you very much... I like it!!!...
B004IETT74 Love these boots! Great for hard ground and artificial surfaces.  Everything works perfectly: the lacing system, the surfacing, the studs...  Feet my feet perfectly and I like the touch I have when I wear them.  I had Pumas years ago that I loved but hadn't been able to find any in a store to try on.  So I took the plunge and bought these online and was in no way disappointed.  I am usually a 6.5, but sometimes a 7.  Got these in a 6.5 and they're perfect.
B004IPYRLG Got What I Ordered Good shoes. Comfy. Go running in em, go walking in em. Don't go splashing in em :( Got the colorful pink ones cuz those are RAD. It says, bam, look at my shoes. Sweet. Me likey. Were on-time as far as delivery goes. In fact, I think they showed up 2 days earlier than expected. Such is the mega-beast that is Amazon.com. They were like they're supposed to be in a box never used. But then again I paid real numbers for them so why shouldn't I get the stuff?
B004IWRZI6 Gorgeous but... I love it! Excellent quality is super comfortable and looks great. Neither too short or too long, perfect length. The only thing is, I must be use it with a lycra underneath because the fabric is thin. was delivered on time and in perfect condition.
B004IWRZI6 Wore Once Turns out they fit okay but I only wore once then sold them in a garage sale they looked very dated.
B004IWRZI6 Comfortable and breathable These shorts are light weight, breathable and don't ride up during soccer games. They are also good for when I'm lifting at the gym.
B004IWRZI6 Do not buy these! These shorts are made of the thinest cheapest material known to man! The are so cheaply made, they should not even be able to sell them! The one star is because there was no option for zero!
B004IWRZI6 very happy with my purchse I ordered the "Zinnia/White/Cloudburst" color just because they were cheap. I am very happy with them. The color is like marigold. They fit well, are very thin like a dri-fit material and very comfortable to work out in.
B004IWS08U Good Alternative These shorts are a good alternative to long pants and short shorts. The fabric is lightweight and comfortable for workouts. Although these shorts are fitted, they are not skin tight like other shorts.
B004IYJZGE Great Shorts These are nice shorts, they do run a little big...I always wear a size medium (5'9 145lbs) and I had to exchange them for a small, but besides that they are great.  Besides the zippered pocket, they also have to two regular pockets which is doesn't mention, which is great becuase it's hard to find shorts like this with pockets at all.
B004IZLFU2 Best jogging lightweight hoody iv purchased! i wouldnt suggest getting this because youd be cramping my style! haha jk but this jacked is great extremely light weight and durable.  front pocket is awesome! its a great mp3/ stash pocket and the lace/ pull string has a nice plastic caps on the end and the holes where it enters the hood have plastic? maybe metal? grommets with the puma logo on them! Hood has a nice breath design and kind of looks like assassins creed when you put it on.
B004IZLG4C Love them!! I love these shorts!!! They feel really comfortable and they are the perfect length! Cover my knee's but not too long. The pockets are not too deep (usually, shorts with this material have deep pockets) and they don't bulge out when your phone or wallet is in them! However, the reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because these shorts unfortunately do NOT have back pockets. I still wish these came in more colours though!
B004IZLG74 Low Quality for Puma The shorts are decent, but are somewhat lower quality than I would expect from Puma.  They also do not seem like they are the same length in the front and back when on.  Not a horrible product, but would not purchase again even at the discounted price.
B004IZLG74 Best Shorts! These shorts are super thin and light, making them extremely comfortable.  They are by far my favorite athletic shorts I have ever owned!  They are definitely durable and have a drawstring in the front.  The HUGE downside (and why they are not 5 stars) is that they are missing the much needed pockets :(  Perhaps Puma will create a similar pair soon with pockets and they will be my new favorite.
B004IZLG74 Outstanding!! This type of short has become my new favorite. It has almost no weight with thin material. Feels good on skin and just comfortable to wear during any kind of activity. I highly recommend them. I bought two more pairs just recently.
B004IZLGYC Very tricky zipper! Good jacket and a reasonably good fit too. But the zipper's real tricky, especially near the neck area. The layer under the zipper gets caught in the zipper so often. The way the collar's shaped doesnt help things either. Wouldnt recomend, unless its a great value buy.
B004IZLH50 Gym and home wear These shorts are great for both the gym and around the house.  They are lightweight and allow for a great range of motion.  I prefer them over regular gym shorts if you're just lifting.
B004J4X4CO Magnifique et confortable Je suis un adepte de PUMA et j'ai d'abord choisi ce mod&egrave;le pour la couleur !Elle s'av&egrave;re &eacute;galement confortable, souple et l&eacute;g&egrave;re !Tr&egrave;s content de cet achat, je recommande !
B004J4X4KG Lightweight, quick, good traction Cleats are super lightweight, comfy, and after a couple months of use treating me awesome. Great traction. I still can't get over how lightweight they are, I feel so much faster in these.
B004J4X4KG Horrible Matt wore these to three soccer games and they tore on the side It is ashame a shoe that cost so much is made so cheaply!
B004J4X4OM Chafes Horrible chafing on the inside of both heels. Rubbed my skin raw. Tried wearing two pairs of socks, wrapping up my heels, but nothing really helped.
B004J4X4OM Nice, but poor quality Wear the shoes for 6 months, on average 10 times and lost a point on the fifth day, and the other on the ninth day. I feel I wasted my money.
B004J4X4OM Cleats review I got them to play soccer over the summer. They worked okay. They are tight on the sides, especially if you have wide feet, but if you pick a wider width and jog around a little bit with them for a week or two, they should break in fine.
B004J4X4OM Doesn't hold up for Ultimate Frisbee I bought this pair for our son who has had them for less than three weeks!  He wears them to play Ultimate Frisbee.  He says: "The toes already seem to be coming apart (they're showing signs of heavy wear on the outside, and on the inside some of the lining is starting to come loose).  I virtually guarantee they won't last beyond this year, and I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't even make it that long."  This pair may be suitable for other purposes, but not for Ultimate.
B004J4X4TW Poorly made Puma is one of my favourite shoes and never had a problem with them. But for some reason this one is just poorly made. The synthetic leather is very thin and it just looks and feels plastic. You even get the squeaking noise that you wouldn't normally get from real leather or well made synthetic. Also, they run narrow but that's not new for pumas. Another thing that I don't like is that they are lower at the ankle so you'll have to tie the laces hard enough so it won't come off your foot. I really wanted to like this shoe since it looks nice but it's just not right.Sorry, but I wouldn't recommend it. I would return it but to spend about half the amount on shipping, it's just not worth it.
B004J4X4TW Falling apart after wearing it 20 times. First I rated this shoe 5 stars but it is falling apart after 6 months and wearing it for about 20 times. Stitches are coming off and the rubber bottom is cracking on the sides.I love the way they look but it is not worth the money. I never had any shoes that fell apart this quickly.
B004J4X4TW the right shoe I was extremely disappointed with this product, wrong size but the right box. Double checked my invoice and my information was correct but they goofed up, when I tried to swap for the correct pair they were sold out. I really felt cheated and don&#8217;t think that I will order from this company again.The shoes looked great and wish that I could have kept them; I ended up selling them to a friend at a loss.
B004J4X4TW synthetic leather Do not buy this, this shoes will not last more then 2-3 games. so do not buy this!I'm really disappointed in this.
B004J4X4TW thumbs up Son said they are comfortable and he likes the colors. One issue is the color/paint comes off easily when rubbed on gym floor, when sliding.
B004J4X4TW great indoors Only $3~ best indoor I have seen, have had for over 2 years and has NEVER been slippery. my friends that have adidas and Nike start to slide after a few months. No rips yet, some very durable shoes. I have worn them everywhere (through mud, dirt, sand) and they just clean right up and keep their stick highly recommend
B004J4X4Z6 Decent cleat; great price. I bought this cleat because I had lost my old ones and I wanted to play recreationally. It's a steal at $38 and I highly recommend it.
B004J4X4Z6 Lovie lovie lovie These shoes were gorrrrgeous, great quality, quick shipping, just as nice as the pictures, and you honestly cant beat the price, I looked everywhere on the internet before I found these. We sent them to my boyfriends nephew in mexico so they werent even for us, but what a great present, HE thinks we spent a fortune ;)
B004J4X4Z6 nice I don't expect any better for the price. I don't believe in fancy cleats, it's all about comfort, sometimes look for the girls around. Bottom line, they feel the same as 200$ cleats.
B004J4X5WS OK COMFORTABLE, BUT HATE THE TOP FLAP, ITS RUBBER SO STICKS TO YOUR SOCKS AND ROLLS DOWN WHEN PUTTING ON SHOES, BUT BESIDES THTA VERY COMFORTABLE AND EXTREMELY LIGHT
B004J4X5WS new to working out LOVE these shoes bought them to wear for fun and then stared to wear to workout in. Thought they might be to light and fall a part fast but 2 mnths in and still intact and look like new. Mind you I only wear in the gym 5 days a week not outside on cement.
B004J4X5WS perfect!!! excellent for sprints and hot weather!!! they are light and soft... its a shame that the coolest colors aren't available for shpping :/
B004J4X5WS Light and comfort Very easy on your feet. Light and comfortable to wear. I was skeptical at first but I put it on it's a glider. A good purchased
B004J4X5WS Good for short runs Great shoes for shorter runs (depending on your definition of short, around 3 miles). Anything above that can be taxing on your feet. I developed serious blisters during 4-5 mile runs, and didn't attempt anything much above that.As for shoe construction, the right insert had the tendency to bunch at the front or back of the foot occasionally, but I solved that with a little duct tape. Otherwise, the lightness felt great. Don't think I'll return to regular-weight running shoes after this, but not so sure I'd purchase this particular model again.
B004J4X6CW Makes me look sporty I love these shoes so much for everyday! They are comfortable and snug. I am up on my feet all day as a teachers assistant and walking up and downstairs all day. This are great with jeans and fun with the right cropped pant. The only down side is the pink is starting to bleed a little into the white.
B004J4XHMQ Best thing I did They feel and look great. I was somewhat skeptical about purchasing sneakers without trying them on but I am not disappointed.
B004J4XHMQ No me sirvieron Los pedi numero 7 y me los enviaron numero 9, y la caja decia numero 7, me siento enga&ntilde;ada decepcionada, no los puedo usar porque no me sirven
B004J4XHMQ Darker colors I liked the colors of the grey violet/ viridian green shoe as they appeared in the picture online however, when I received them the colors were much darker than shown in the picture. The grey is much darker than shown and the viridian green is a dark teal. Other than the colors this is a good shoe. They fit nice and feel great. I returned these and ordered a different color.
B004J4XI1G comfort I got these because im on my feet nursing and they are comfortable all day. the are wide so my feet swell and they still are comfortable.
B004J4XIIO Wore them out! The suede got dirty pretty quick, and it is a little hard to clean.  I loved them anyway. I got a lot of compliments on them.
B004J4XJ9C Cute but not convenient I bought the shoes in a local shop in my country six months ago and what a suprise when I feel my feet wet on a rainy day. The problem is that part of the sole is made up of rubber and the other is like a sponge that absorb the water. They can't be used outdoor when weather is rainy.
B004J4XJ9C too tight These shoes are not comfortable....I don't know if they run small or what.  Also, one shoe causes pain on my heel.  I am usually a fan of the Puma brand....but not this time... can't throw them away though because they cost too much!
B004J4XJBK COMFORT The PUMA Women's Espera is the most comfortable footwear I have ever invested in.  I a happy that I made this purchase
B004J4XJBK PUMA Women's Espera III Nu Basic Flat,Blac. PUMA Women's Espera III Nu Basic Flat,Blac. I like the Puma brand buy them for my daughter liked but the number I requested was small and offered for sale, sold quickly.
B004J4XJBK Almsot like wearing a sandal but they cover my ugly toes These shoes are extremely comfortable and excellent for when you want a bit more than just a sandal.  They are well made, comfortable, easy to slip on and off, and are sturdy enough to do some heavy walking in..walking as in shopping.I doubt if I would use these things trail hiking our mountain climbing, but they are certainly nice to have around to throw on quickly and they do go well with many of my summer outfits...if outfits you want to call them.  My friend says I dress "oddly," which I will take as a compliment.I do like the covered toes since I am quite certain my toes are rather ugly and I do not like them on display, yet at the same time I love sandals.
B004J4XKEG Painful shoes They get two stars because they are beautiful but impossible to wear for a long day at work. They hurt my feet so they are not worth it.
B004J4XMM6 My "go-to" summer sneak I have bought several of these little shoes and wear them all summer.  They clean up very well and are very comfortable for dashing around to farmers market, garden center, grocery store, beach.  Elastic can be a bit snug to start, but incrementally long wearings will ease this a bit until you have worn them in.  Limited availability in this color, it seems.  You would not like this shoe if you need/want a lot of footbed support or if you planned to wear them for rigorous or long walking over rough or hard ground.  Suitable for light wear in dry conditions.  Watch the tan line, though, or you will have a pale band of skin across your instep like I did the first summer I wore them - oops!
B004J4XMM6 Stylin' sneaks I have this in the Shocking Pink, in a size 9. These actually run a bit long on my medium width foot, nothing an insole won't cure and it would add some extra cushioning as well. That's my only complaint with it, love the sleek Puma styling, tho the band's not that shocking a pink and goes well with it's almost greyed white color.For the price I got it for, was on sale of course, thanks Amazon!, it's sleek sporty styling makes this a winner so far. Have not worn it around yet so will update later for comfort issues if any.
B004J4XMM6 So comfy Very comfortable, true to size and easy to slip on and off (for airport travel!).  I love them.  Sometimes Puma shoes can be hit or miss on comfort - these are definitely a hit.
B004J4XNNO Perfect If I could give 10 stars would be given. I use them every day to get from home to the office. They are beautiful. They are comfortable, the quality is amazing, combined with everything, and my feet thank me, lol I strongly recommend
B004J4XNNO They work and they're comfortable... AFTER you break them in:) I typically wear a size 8.5 and I have a little wider feet, so I went ahead and ordered them in a 9.5 to be safe and while they fit fine and look wonderful on, I have two pretty large, and at one point bloody blisters on my feet from breaking these in. I even worse socks to try and lessen the pain but after wearing them for a week they're just fine. My feet just needed to get used to them but I am prone to getting blisters almost every time I order a new shoes BUT I would still definitely reorder them as they look great for work at the restaurant I host at, and also at the clinic I work in
B004J4XNNO Many complements. I love the way they look. It took little while to break them. The gray rim that is in the back is kind of hard so it gave me blisters the first time I wear it. After while it got better.
B004J4XNNO No Problems Shoes were just as expected and were delivered quickly.  Deducted 1 star because of price.  If if would of done a little shopping around I could have purchased for less money. But for the convenience I decided to order.
B004J4XNNO Need breaking in... These chafed on my heels and baby toes at first. Once I broke them in they became my faves. I'll look for more in the fall.
B004J4XNNO Pretty and cool lookin. The shoes are great. They are dressy and still are pumas. They came in record time and the price was very fair.
B004J4XNNO Uncomfortable flats Surprising for an athletic shoe company, but these Puma flats are very uncomfortable in the heel area due to poor design - sharp edges dig into the heel.
B004J4XNNO Cute, classy and comfy! Multiple textures (from suede to shiny) make this shoe adorable, the black and white color combo is classic and goes with just about everything, and the design (part ballet flat, part sneaker) make this shoe super comfy and practical. I love them and wore them to work all day, right out of the box, with a classic white t shirt, black jacket, and dark skinny jeans. Added a bright yellow necklace for fun and a pop of color!
B004J4XNNO Luv this product!! Great purchase with many compliments I am very satisfied with the product!! I had no problems receiving the product. It actually arrived at the date expected. Luv these shoes, they are soo comfortable, and sporty. I received compliments on the 1st day wearing them. Overall, I am satisfied with the purchase. I
B004J4XNNO Love my Pumas I have these flats in 3 colors!  Used for a comfortable work flat, I get many compliments.  They are more casual, but I am still able to use them with work slacks as an alternative to heels.
B004J4XNNO Stays on my heels I like the trendy look of these flats. The shoes fit to my size and the material seems to be durable.
B004J4XNNO Comfy & Stylish Comfortable, stylish, fashion statement. Was apprehensive at first to purchase as it says narrow but once I received and tried them on, the rest is history!!  Wished they have them in more colorful selections.But i am definitely getting other colors soon.
B004J4XNNO Sizing.... What's up with the sizing on these. I usually wear a 9, but paid attention and bought a 9.5. They are still a little squishy tight and can only hope they loosen a bit.Commented in my follow-up... the blister is to my smaller foot and it's not because my foot was sliding around.A big waste of money...
B004J4XNNO Puma Women's Zandy Casual Shoe They fit  right away like a glove, no need to stretch or walk them in !! Have 5 pairs now & will buy more in the future.
B004J4XNNO Adorable These are so cute, true to color, and comfortable. I LOVE Puma flats they are always so comfortable. I have problems with most flats because they rub my Achilles tendon raw, but these never do, which is why I own so many of them. I will say that I am a pretty solid size 8, but I absolutely need a 7.5 in Puma flats (ALL of them). They also tend to be slightly wider than normal so there's extra room there too.
B004J4XNNO Fabulous Flat Love this shoe, get lots of compliments every time I wear them.  Took them to Italy with me to wear as dressy flat.  Walked around Rome quite a bit in the evenings and it was very comfortable, no blisters like my companions had in their flats.
B004J4XNNO These Puma's Rock These flats are awesome, so comfortable and cute!  I've gotten many compliments on them and they're great for running around.  I do recommend scotchguarding the suede parts to prevent them for getting soiled too quickly. They are white and so they do soil easily.  I scotchguarded mine - that helps.  You do need to be judicious where and when you where them.
B004J4XNNO Yayyyy Me! Okay so I received my shoes on time, (thank you Amazon) opened the box and there it was, I tried it on and wah-la, perfection., I bought it in Grey and Black Patent. I may seem extremely excited to you, but when you have size 10 feet its hard to find Ballet Flats, that actually look cute and not make your feet appear wider or larger, I am extremely happy with this purchase and may buy one in another color, Great to walk around in, true to fit. Just lovely!
B004J4XNNO Great for everyday with everything These are super comfortable, well-made and durable, and for someone who can't wear heels often, the color combos of the many selections make it possible to wear a pair with anything and everything, well, not for going out at night.  They are my dailies.
B004J4XNNO Puma Zandy Ballet Slippers These shoes are true to size, 5.5. Very comfortable, cuter in person than in the picture.  I would buy them again.
B004J4XNNO Adorable These shoes are adorable and great for summer. They are very comfortable and my only (small) complaint is that I wish the had more arch support (I have a very high arch so I encounter this problem often with flats). I've received may compliments on them.
B004J4XNNO Decent shoes for errands I liked these when I first got them because I thought they provided more support than other flats. However, after wearing them for over half a year, I have to say they weren't the best investment. If you have some back problems, these probably are not the shoes for you. I can wear them on short errands and they do just fine. However, a day of walking in the city or around time, my feet and back begin to hurt in these. Disappointed to find they are not as supportive as I wished. Will be on the look out for better flats.
B004J4XNNO Comfy Very comfortable and great for walking around in. Just don't walk through loose gravel, the little rocks easily slip over the low sides and into the shoes.
B004J4XNNO Comfy AND Stylish These flats were the most comfortable of any I've owned.  The soles almost felt like there was memory foam in them.  The shoes are very sporty-looking.  I've already gotten numerous compliments from both men and women.
B004J4XNNO Best shoes ever Lovey Puma Zandy's- have 3 pairs! Comfy, casual, like wearing sneakers. The patent trimmed ones are a little more dressy- they are terrific!
B004J4XNNO Puma Ballet Flats I was very satisfied with this purchase.  These flats have a substantial sole so that I can comfortably wear them walking through the city.
B004J4XNNO Zandy by Puma I buy these in the black patent & the grey/black/white combination whenever I can find them  I always have someone stop me & ask what they are & where can they find them
B004J4XNNO Robin's Thoughts These shoes are exactly what I expected. They are comfotable and supportive; and dressy enough for work! I encourage anyone to buy these.
B004J4XNNO Cute but need to be broken in with bandaids on the back of your ankles! I really like these but boy where they ever painful when I first wore them!  I actually have not worn them since, but the backs of my ankles ended up being bloody and torn apart by the backs of these shoes.  I bought them because I saw them on someone and figured they would be comfortable during my commute to work on the NYC subway.  Instead, they caused so much pain I almost could not walk when I was heading home that evening and only after I was able to get band aids.I will wear them again but will keep the bandaids while wearing them always...Had I know, I would have stuck to my heels and saved the money for some actual sneakers instead but they are still cute and otherwise they fit fine.
B004J4XNNO OMG I have found them! All my life...I have searched for life's biggest paradox (maybe just for women) a comfortable shoe that is actually cute! Eureka!!! These shoes are soooo nice, and sooo comfortable. I am a medical student, and I put these babies to the test, running up and stair and hospital corridors for 10 hrs a day. My feet were completely happy all day long. And I just can't stop  myself from looking down at my feet to admire them! I am going to order these in more pretty colors! First time Puma buyer, life-long fan :)
B004J4XNNO Super comfy & attractive Since wearing these shoes, I have received numerous compliments & comments on them.  They were immediately comfy right out of the box.  I ordered the New Navy color.
B004J4XNNO PUMA Women's Zandy Ballet Flat,Black/Steel Gray,5.5 B US very comfortable shoes to fit, beautiful, but did not come in a box appropriate to its size and the shipping cost me much.used a ridiculously large box.
B004J4XNNO Spreading like wildfire I saw these on a coworker and purchased them as a gift for my wife. She wears them nonstop and after seeing her wearing them, two of her sisters purchased them as well.
B004J4XNNO Perfect Go-To Flat The Zandy ballet flat is very comfortable, provides support and is excellent for slacks or casual summer dresses.  I also have a pair in gray.
B004J4XNNO Puma shoes Everything was perfect.Received item on time. Happy customer.However it is really hard having to write a long review for everything you buy when you simply love it
B004J4XO10 My wife loves her shoes Purchased for my wife, reviewed by my wife:"They're super comfortable, they look great, and they're exactly what they're advertised to be.  I wear them to work (a teacher) and they're comfortable all day long.  And they attract the ladies."dictated but not read
B004J4XQL8 Great I bought these for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved them.  They fit him perfectly and they will stand the test of time.
B004J4XQL8 Fall!! A shoe for boys but if us girls can fit they hey why not? Worn with lighter colored apparel and feminine graphic tees made me feel like a smart shopper cause I bought these kicks for $10 :D
B004J4XQL8 bought it a while ago... still perfect!!! I bought this ones a while ago but still one of my favorites.The foot support, fabric, fit and style still updated and in perfect shape.Very easy to get dirt, but also very easy to clean them... So far, one of the 2 best puma's I ever bought.
B004J4XQL8 Pablo Vivanco Is a excellent  product, and very cheap the shipment And also this product is very accessible for me, my color in this product is grey and size 8 for men
B004J4XQL8 Very thin cotton These appear to be of great quality but are not. They are made of very thin cotton and you can literally see toes through the top. They lasted about 2 months and are done.
B004J4XQW2 Excellent Ilike this puma shoes i find in the store and the just a moment i buyed it i like it
B004J4XQW2 Puma Sneakers These shoes arrived in a very timely manner to the Northern Territory Australia in brnad new condition as indicated in the product description.Will recommend to other shoppers.Thanks Amazon!
B004J4XQW2 My best pair of shoes ever Loved it!!Looks awesome and comfy but it took some time for shoes to loosen up to adjust my leg widthnot a good choice for ppl large width (broad) legs or whos commute involves slippery surfaces
B004J4XS1G Not bad I have to say I bought this puma's just for the looks and surprisingly are really comfortable. So yes they look cool and comfortable. I bought the black-silver metallic and I couldn't be happier.
B004J4XTC4 Snug push These shoes felt a little too tight at first. I wore them around for a few days to get a feel for them and break them in at the same time. On the first run I realized they didn't negatively affect my form in any way. I love the way coming off of the mid and forefoot feels. It almost feels as though it rolls without any effort on my part. I'm honestly considering using these for my foot work drills just because of the snug fit and wide forefoot.tl;drsnug, sturdy, sprint friendly, perfect for pushing from outer midfoot as heel drops while rolling off the forefoot
B004J4XTC4 I love these Very comfortable shoes, fit very well. Only reason I didn't give it a 5th star is that its a little stiff when cold outside because the rear cushion is plastic.
B004J4XTC4 Shoes is great for running, hiking, biking & going out. I love Puma! Puma is one great shoe company, always thinking outside the box with its new and very innovative designs. This particular shoe has proved to be another added to my collection that has been great for doing everything from day to evening activities. I could start my day jogging then go to the beach or on a hike through dirt paths then on home and with a quick rinse I'm fashionably ready hanging out at the local coffee shop with my friends. A+
B004J4XTC4 Confort I bought them because of the price, they looked great and now I'm very happy to use them... They're really really comfy!!!
B004J8HN2C shirts are great The 2 shirts are just fantastic. my son love them and wear them all the time until they just got smaller for him.the pants are ok too, not bad at all.
B004JF5R1Y Well made sneakers for kids My daughter is very tough on shoes as most 2 year olds are and these sneakers are wonderful at keeping up and still looking like new.  Their easy to slip on and the grip is great for climbing around the slides and jungle gyms.
B004JF5R1Y Great shoes and very comfortable My 4 yr old daughter would wear these every day if she could.  I purchased them in silver as well.  No complaints during an all day outing.  The sparkles are still on after 2 months of use.
B004JF5R1Y Cheap Not sure why these were so different from the many pairs of pumas we have purchased prior, but they were cheap and didn't fit well.  Fell apart and looked terribly worn after a couple weeks.
B004JF5RPA Nice soccer cleats I ordered these last minute for my son.  They arrived on time and the day before his first game.  It's a very high quality soccer cleat.  I've been buying cleats for my older boys for years and this one is much nicer, for it's price range, than some of the other brands out there.  Highly recommended.  Ran true to size.
B004JF5WMI Great Soccer Cleats My daughter plays soccer and she really needed a pair of cleats so she got onto Amazon and after just a few minutes she came to me and said that she found the pair she wanted. "How much are they," I asked her. " They're on sale for 16 bucks," she answered. I had her show me and I said those were really nice and asked her if she was sure those were the ones she wanted and she said yes so I ordered them. She couldn't wait till they came and when they did she took them right out of the box and put them straight on she loves them. She cleans them after every game because. She said she likes them so much she wants to keep them nice and new. They are great quality. So I would recommend these cleats.
B004K00GLE Great cleat for the price Playing pick up soccer and wanted an affordable but decent cleat.This one does the trick.Exactly what I wanted & expected.
B004K00GLE A Must Have. These cleats are masterpeieces. I have always ran in Puma shoes and cleats, but these are by far the best cleats I have ever worn. I can barely even feel them on my feet. But oh man can I feel the massive amount of grip they give me when I spring, juke, or jump. They came on time, the look sexy a hell, they are super affordable, they haven't given me any problems, and they last forever. I love these cleats.
B004K00GLE Good cleat I use these for kickball and they are just a touch big on me but if I just make sure I tie they tight they work great. Light weight and a solid cleat for kickball or soccer.
B004K00GLE puma cleats Very happy with this purchase. Very comfortable rite out of the box. I recommend puma for anything soccer related. Good stuff
B004K00GLE Soccer cleats It feels and look great.  My shots were not affected at all.  I wish the top was leather instead of plastic.
B004K00GLE Great for the price Bought these for ultimate frisbee. Like others have said the fight snugly but that is to be expected. Played my first game and was really pleased with the performance of these boots for the price.
B004K00GTG very poor quality after 6 practices and one game toes are stripped of color and wearing through, Also soles are separating. My daughters cleats have usually lasted 2-3 seasons. not worth the money at any price.
B004K00GTG Horrible quality I would not buy these shoes.  My daughter has worn these cleats six times and they are already caming apart at the toe.  Here last cleats lasted two season of soccer.  She just got these April 18th and they are already broken. Sad.
B004K00GTG comfortable but color flakes off... The shoes are comfortable but the blue leather/synthetic leather, began flaking off the toe area within the first few weeks of use.
B004K00GTG Nice Cleats I ordered these for my daughter because she liked how they looked.I was a little skeptical after reaading the other reviews but I can say they are very good quality and have held up for spring season soccer so far and that includes two practices a week and one game each week.All in all i'm very satisfied with my purchase of these cleats.
B004K00GTG Excellent My daughter has these cleats and they have held up well. She says they are the most comfortable cleats she has worn.
B004K00GTG Amazing soccer cleats! I bought these for my daughter and she looked amazing on the soccer field this past school year.  Thank you for the great pricing and free shipping on this awesome product!  Very please and would definitely purchase puma soccer cleats again, the colors are beautiful!
B004K00GTG Has been a great shoe My girls loved this style cleat and when i saw the price, I ordered a pair for both of my soccer stars.  A couple reviews said the stitching was coming out or paint was fading from the shoes, but we have not had those problems.  My girls play in tough outside Michigan conditions, rain, snow, and heat and these have been a great cleat for them!
B004K068PW Great shoes! These are some of the best cleats on the market! They are solid, the cleats are hard plastic (no metal spikes) and are priced affordably. You get way more for your money than other brands.
B004KP726G Much better than I expected, which was a lot. In my experience, PUMA makes reliable & comfortable (for my somewhat-wide feet) shoes.  Never disappointed.These Faas 500 shoes I bought were so-so looking (I did not like the silver color at bottom), but after using them daily for several months, I can emphatically say THEY ARE DURABLE as well as light-weight COMFORTABLE!Nice shoestrings too; they make it easy to tie up when in a hurry to leave.Also, they have reflective material on the side, so it's safe to run at night.The only negative is the Silver color around the sole of the BLACK & Blue model I bought; the shoe would look much better if that color was preferably Blue-ish, or black!.  The BLACK & Blue colors go well with most pants I wear, but the Silver stands out negatively for me and my wife's tastes. I use these shoes to/from work via public transport, and the silver clashes with my somewhat-formal clothing.
B004KP73OC Uncomfortable They are so very uncomfortable. I love puma and didn't think I could go wrong but these were just not possible
B004KP73OC Best out of Nike, New Balance, and Asics!!! I'm in college and I ran track for 8 seasons and cross country for two, having gone through nike (cross trainers, air max), new balance, and asics (which are assumed to be the best), these sneakers are by far the best and they make you feel like you're walking on clouds.I have flat feet, and these sneakers really help. My feet used to hurt all the time after running and now they don't really anymore.They're not bulky (super light), and they're great for sprinting and long distance. These sneakers are very high quality (I've run in rain, mud, grass, gravel and they still look like they're practically new). I would recommend these sneakers to anyone and everyone. I don't think I'm ever going to go to a different pair sneakers again. (I've had these sneakers for 5 months now).
B004KP73OC exactly as descripted very light shoes, nice color, and fits perfect.maybe the only recomendation would be to take care of the pink material because it's foammy like and with dirt can damage and get ugly.I recomend this purchase
B004LC3UIW Decent Golf Spikes These fit well and are comfortable.  They are a decent set of golf spikes. My husband is a new golfer and likes them.
B004LT0F8I Water-resistant not waterproof It's a synthetic shoe. Your feet will get wet if there is a significant amount of water you are standing in.Other than that, they are great. I re-spiked them 4 different times.
B004M4DBGA Barf I am an avid golfer and these shoes are terrible. Don't buy them. They run really (I mean really) small and they are really uncomfortable.  I would not wear them to go on a walk.
B004M6DA32 Like it Only complaint is that maybe the backlight could be brighter but love the fit, very comfortable.  Material quality and would like to see it in other colors.
B004M6DA32 Looks awesome, but confusing to use It looks exactly as pictured!  My only complaint would be that it is confusing to set and use as the product does not come with any instructions.
B004MF8ITO Love my PUMAS! I've worn these to the course dozens of times now. The construction is great and the insoles really help my feet - I can play 36 holes in these shoes easily!  The water-resistant material is also very convenient.
B004MF8ITO Not Happy I am very disappointed.  I was so excited to get these golf shoes put them on and when tying them the lace loop broke.  To return them we had to go to a Dick's store they sent them back and except for the manager at Dick's who is trying to get answers we have had NO RESPONSE...paid for these shoes and I still DON'T HAVE MY REPLACEMENT pair!!!!!!!!  Not happy!!!
B004MF8ITO Puma womens sunny golf shoe Extremely comfortable but the top two shoelace loops broke after a couple of wears. I had them repaired by Puma but one of the holders broke again. Very unfortunate as the comfort is fantastic. I'm still wearing them though. Sizing is good.
B004MF8KW4 Fit my outfit Like the looks and the feel.  Our color theme was orange for our annual golf outing and these shoes matched my shirt and shorts perfectly.
B004MF8KW4 Grrrrrrrrr!!! PUMA!!!! Very nice tenis, me pinchi liked them a lot, no me los quito ni para going to sleep. very recomendatios a lot.
B004MF8KW4 Picky husband approves My husband is very picky but loved these shoes. Would give them five stars but we are both not crazy about the way they look. Vanity aside, the price is awesome and like I said, he loved the fit, comfort, and function on the golf course.
B004MF8KW4 Excellent buy! I wasn't sure at first if the pictures would match the product the would be sent to me?  To my surprise they surpassed my expectations.  I will continue ordering products from [...]!
B004MF8KW4 Great look, not so comfortable I love the looks on these shoes, the spikes have a great design that doesn't pick up too much grass. I have played about 3 rounds since I got them; the only con I have is that they are a bit stretch and I am ending up with sore feet after 18 holes.I guess this would be fixed with time while they loosen up, or at least I hope it will.
B004MF8KW4 Everyone Comments "How Cool" At first I was tentative about this purchase but I am so glad I did.I Was looking for a inexpensive, fully waterproof, lightweight, comfortable shoe with great cleats. Bingo! I found them! So comfortable - right out of the box. I play Diamante (2013 world's 59th best course) - lots of sand dunes. They keep out everything... sand, water and still retain comfort and awesome grip. Easy to clean too. On a side note - everyone from the pro's to the caddy's comment about how cool they look. Trendy but sophisticated. Not garish at all. I bought the 9.5W and its a perfect fit for my wide feet. Love em! Go get em!
B004MF8KW4 great shoe i've had these shoes about a year now and i really like them. i have played many rounds of golf with them and they are incredibly comfortableand still look like new. they use a special kind of soft sspike which you can buy here at Amazon but overall i would definately recommend them . they look kind of cool as well!!
B004MMFR0U perforated shirt came in the bottom the shirt arrived at the expected time to Miami, now I get my family with everything they asked for and note when reviewing the shirt with a hole in the entire front.y ya habia hecho la calificacion del producto
B004NTQ52G Beautiful Beautiful shoe, low profile but still cushiony. Have had them for about 5 months now and haven't had any problems. Only complaint is the tongue likes to slide to the side. Looks very professional, have gotten multiple comments on them, not a shoe like Nike's that everybody and their mom has, very unique. Material-wise not completely worth $100, but for the looks and "uniqueness" it is to me.
B004NTV8J6 Great look but not the "second skin" feel of other Pumas In the words of one of my buddies, these shoes are, "like sex...in a shoe" - meaning that they are the embodiment of awesome. 'One of the sharpest looking pieces of footwear I've ever seen. However, in looking forward to blissful comfort like I have with my Puma Replicat IIs, I wasn't completely satisfied. I have wide feet, so maybe that's the problem, but I find that the heel of these isn't snug enough and so heel lifts up unless they're very tightly laced (no, going a size down didn't fix the problem). They are narrow (typical Puma), but being leather I'm sure they'll stretch.Important note: cut off the red labels on each of the tongues or the dye will bleed onto the laces and tongue.
B004OETZWM Neck is Huge Shirt feels great, neck sizing is way off. I ordered a medium and the neck is loose and looks way too big for the shirt size.
B004OETZWM loose collar this shirt looks good and feels great,but the collar is way too big.unless you have a very big neck-dont buy
B004OP42TC Good I bought these in 10 1/2 but the felt tighter than my 10 Nike Flights.  Over all they arrived before the expected date and comes with both a blue and black pair of laces.
B004OY3B86 Not as shown I am sorry but this item was not as depicted in the picture. I am somewhat disappointed but went ahead and kept the item. I will be more careful in the future and will look for other pictures of the item before purchasing another pair online.
B004OY3B86 Great Service! Shipper was very courteous about my request to ship quicker and very responsive.  The product even arrived a day earlier then expected! Will be using them again!
B004OY3B86 Puma is the best I own 26 pairs of pumas of various styles and colors and all of which was purchased for a specific puma or GTM tracksuit. These puma fit well, looks nice and I love the design.
B004Q5TENO be careful I got this item after 7 days of ordering it. It had an offensive smell (like burnt rubber) and looked a bit old so I decided to wash it.After washing it, the jacket literally fell apart. It worn out as if used for years. The color appeared very dull and the texture appeared like it was used. Be careful. Maybe I got a bit unlucky.
B004Q5VA4A Wonderful windbreaker from Puma. The Puma Wind running jacket looks great and does exactly what it should. It's black with silvery/grey trim. It has Puma's "USP" moisture management system that seems to work well. The jacket keeps you dry and blocks wind well, but breathes well enough that you're not a sweaty mess in 12 seconds. This jacket has two zipped pockets and on the inside these pockets sorta form open-at-the-top pouches. It has a Puma cat logo on the chest and a USP logo centered along the bottom on the back. I really like the grey vertical stripes along the front--very slimming. About the only downside are the cuffs...they aren't so much a negative as they could have been better since they want to get stuck on my watch and are sometimes in the way when I want to layer. On the good side they don't let wind up the arms and they aren't too tightly cuffed. Overall though, this is a great jacket; it's functional and attractive.The jacket runs a bit small. I have this and a similar Adidas jacket both in XL. This one is significantly smaller. It still fits fine, but is more limited for layering possibilities. It is 100% polyester and made in China. Machine wash gentle, no tumble dry. I hang it on a plastic hanger over the tub, and it dries quickly with no bad wrinkles.
B004R6EOUK Unstable color Good fit and confort,  but black color is removed from the first wash and continue after subsequent washes. Is necessary to corrrect this defect
B004R6EOUK Beware stinky feet! These little slip-on sneakers are super-cute.  The only reason why I almost never wear them is because they really make my feet STINK!  I have washed them repeatedly, still with the same result.  The insoles are glued down, so you cannot remove them (in order to wash) without damaging the shoe!
B004RLOXA6 2 times send them wrong bad service, was confuss every time, thx any way. was a bad service at all. but thx, bad service at all
B004S08HE4 picky kid--winning pant! My son has autism and is very picky about textures. This pant nailed it.  It looks great, fits well, and is comfortable. (We have been in shorts for three years-ugh!).  Thank you!!!
B004S08HE4 Going back These Puma pants were very large in the waist compared to other Puma track pants recently purchased at a department store.  My son is too skinny to fill these out and would outgrow the length before they would stop falling down.  These will be going back.
B004S08HE4 Tapered They are completed tapered at the bottom which was not listed.  Also thinner then expected for a puma brand. Not happy but what else should I expect for a $20 puma pair of pants.
B004S08HE4 stunk Received these pants and they stunk of chemicals..i washed them twice and they still stink. Its too bad because they are nice pants.
B004S08HE4 Love these puma boys pants. Fit as expected, easy to clean and very neat.They have everything I wanted ( pockets). I highly suggest giving them a try!
B004S08HE4 Not for winter These are way too light for winter. They have small mesh holes that the wind will go right through. Definitely a spring or summer pant.
B004S08HE4 Great pants My son put them on right away. He really likes the way they feel on cold winter day. One more
B004S08HE4 Not the right solution Very big.Too long.Very thin material.More like a very baggy adult small.Returning to Amazon  in a few dats after I re-energize.
B004S08HE4 very comfy My son is this so they were a little big but very comfy. He wears them a lot to play outside
B004S08HE4 Perfect for soccer practice These are perfect for our sons soccer practice which is an indoor enclosure that is only semi heated.  Very comfortable and lightweight.  Works great.
B004S08HE4 Puma pants Great pants, very comfortable and 'airy'. My sons loves these so much he's making them into s Saturday uniform. Price is a little steep!
B004S08HE4 Did Not Match Puma Jacket I purchased these Puma athletic pants to combine with the navy Puma jacket but when they arrived I noticed almost immediately that the colors were different.  One was a lighter navy than the other.  Loved the outfit but when its that noticeable, it just wasn't feasible to keep the items.  I returned these pants and the jacket and was given a fulll credit.
B004S08HMG Fine Shorts We were disappointed that these shorts didn't have pockets. They are fine. unlined. just fine. My first Puma purchase. I expected more design. but yes, they are ok.
B004S08HMG love these shorts my son is in a body cast for the summer so I needed loose fitting, but with a strong elastic to keep him from getting to his feeding tube. I ordered the exact size I thought he would need and they fit perfectly. THese are nice looking sport shorts. He can wear them over the cast to summer school and they look so neat and fabulous with a neon tee. He is also very comfortable in them. THey do not trap sweat which is a huge plus with sitting in a  heavy cast in summer.
B004S08HMG TOO BIG FOR A 9 YEARS OLD KID IT IS TOO BIG, ALMOST TO FIT AN ADULT.I WASTED MY MONEY WITH THIS ITEM.I SHOULD SAY THAT IS A BIG FIT
B004S08NN4 Very Comfy! These capris are very comfy and soft.  The size does run alittle on the large side but it is not a problem due to the draw strings.
B004SGGLQ4 Great Cleats! My son plays and trains for soccer 5 days a week.  These cleats are his favorites!  His feet are wide and Puma cleats have always fit him the best.
B004SGPXVI The favorite so far... I bought these for my 7 (now 8) year  old at the beginning of the summer. They are getting too small and yet he doesnt want to part with the ease velcro brings and he also remembers all the compliments he has received over the last 5 months he has had these! Wish they came in a youth 4!! They go with everything! Thanks Puma and Amazon!
B004SGQ1F0 wast of money It was just a waste of money. at first time my sister was so happy with them. the first time that we washed them..... the color...dissapear
B004SH1Y10 Nice pants no drawstring In description it says the pants have a drawstring when in reality they have an elastic waistband, no drawstring.  The pants seem fine but without a drawstring the size 7 does not stay up on my super skinny 8 year old.  They probably would fit most kids but if your child is very narrow like my son than a drawstring is really a necessity and these pants won't work.
B004SKQTGW Hard to put them on I purchased for my 2 year old , we don't use them much because it's hard to get the tongue of the shoe out.  Hard to put on, You have to undo the top and then try to pull the Tongue out which is hard because there is not much space to pull it out.
B004SKQTGW An amazing 2nd step shoe. An amazing step up from crib shoes for a newly walking toddler.I bought a different style also, but these seems to be easier for the little guy to walk in.
B004SUANZU the Liga is my all time favorite, especially the black and white I collect Puma and.the Liga is my all time favorite, especially the black and white. However, I'm very disappointed in these because in the picture, they appear as a very dark, smooth almost plush navy blues in suede but in fact the color is a very dull, light blue-grey in a rough nubuck finish. I tried to get used to them and have the color grow on me, but no. The size is ok but as others have mentioned, you need to go one size up from your usual shoe size.
B004SUANZU great They are really comfortable, I get compliments all the time, I wear them mostly during the weekends, sometimes to work, I guess people always have a good reaction once they see the Puma logo.
B004SUANZU ... i live it is a diferent model so I liked it the most for where i live it is a diferent model so I liked it the most. great product
B004SUANZU saul goodman was not disappointed in the product will definitely be shopping for more pairs in the future if the prices remain the same
B004SUANZU Old school Awesome old school pumas. Great quality and price. First time I wore them had people saying how cool they were.
B004SUANZU well got them before i moved! magically got these earlier than expected,but i still wanted them by the 27th..anyway they are cool.had a pair of these in kindergarten in germany..circa 1985...still rocking them love PUMA always will.
B004SUANZU Comfy shoe Although I don't use these for indoor ball as I'd originally intended to, I wear them almost every day and like them very much. They have a spacious toe box which, during play, was a little too loose. But it's perfect for walking around.
B004SUANZU Puma Liga is my Favorite Shoe Liked this shoe from the first time I wore it. Has a thick natural rubber sole that is soft on your bones in the legs. The impact is less because of the thick natural rubber soles. I use it when I play Wallyball(a variant of Volleyball) and I jump a lot. The insides are also comfortable, because I think it is slightly broader. I went for a long walk wearing these shoes the other day and I enjoyed the walk a lot. Would definitely buy another one after a few years when this one wears out.
B004SUANZU Shoes are OK The shoe itself looks somewhat different than it does in the picture. However, for the price I paid, I can't complain too much.
B004SUANZU I like it, but cannot dance as well in them I bought these along with a pair of puma suedes to breakdance in.  The suedes (non-liga) were more comfortable.  These are ok, but not as sturdy, so not the best.Still really comfortable to walk in.
B004SUANZU Not the most supportive shoe... I ordered 3 pairs of shoes at the same time; these, a different pair of Puma shoes and some Ecco sneakers.  When trying them all on in one sitting it's painfully obvious that these are a lot less "cushy" (for lack of a better word).  They cost less but they also felt a lot less comfortable and supportive.  It's too bad because out of the 3 they were definitely the cutest.  I guess if you're only wearing them for short periods of time it would probably be fine.  The size/fit seemed spot on.
B004SUANZU Slick, comfortable - sized slightly smaller than I expected I've always gotten leather Puma's... which go in and out of production...Those stretch at least a little bit.  I think these will too, but more gradually..
B004SUANZU Sweet. I had a pair of these in red when I was a kid. The quality is much better. They fit well.I get alot of compiments on them Can't wait till St. Patricks Day.
B004SUANZU I like em I'm a size 14, and ordered the 14.  They fit great, and also look awesome.  The suede is soft enough that I don't think it will crack, and the rubber sole is solid.  Fast order too! Only took 3 days!
B004SUANZU awesome color great stylegreat comfort  fits perfect,, very happy.would recommend and purchase again , perfect A's  baseball team colors go A's
B004SYLT1I Expensive, but exactly what I was looking for They are probably a bad value, but I still like them. The colors are great, the rise/amount-of-show is perfect, and they're huge (perfect for my size 12 feet).
B004SYLYN6 of the many socks, these are my favorite I love these Puma's!  I have similar ones from Addidas that I purchased at Costc_, but they often slip off the heel and the quality feels inferior.  The Puma label seems to serve as some sort of support like a faint strap which makes the sock feel nice and snug.  The colors are great.  I've seen some other creative colors, but when I click the icon it defaults to the red, blue and black ones I have.  Expand the color palette and I'll buy more.
B004SYLYN6 Purchased these many times and get a different style every time Every time I have purchased these socks (6 times) they have shipped with a different fit.  Some have been low and tight, some have been loose and and large.  Some have been soft and stretchy while others have been rough with no stretch.  I'm not kidding, I can't guarantee all 6 orders were purchased from the exact same supplier but all 6 have been the same size and listed as this exact style.  That being said they all fit well enough, some a bit better than others.  Good Luck!
B004T3M57K Puma I buy lots of shoes here.  Since they are made in China you would think they would be cheaper in Asia.  You would be wrong.  Buy them here before you travel.
B004T3M57K Cheap Luxury I'm speechless with how amazing Tekkies are!! I bought the white ones and let me be clear with this... 3/4 Shorts + long sleeve sweater + a good pair of Tekkies = YEEEEAH BUDDY!!!
B004T3M57K Still not here My Puma men Tekkies Jam still haven't come yet, and im very dissapointed with this seller. I hope it will come soon.
B004T9A8IC ok but poorl;y made very cheap leather was used to make this shoe, the stitching has come loose a month into ownership.  The adhesive used is worse than Elmers School Glue.  Save your money buy Adidas Racer type.  Puma shoes are Garbage!!!!
B004T9HRAY its a light wight shose i really like it from a first look i like it and wished to wear it. and when i got it i felt the same thing when i saw it, i advice everyone to have this shoes.
B004T9L97Q Chukka my nukka Who doesn't love chukka boots? Not me, that's for sure. I'm wearing them right now. Chukkin' things up. Am I to twenty yet?
B004TAAV7E Comfortable/cool. You can't go wrong with pumas.  These are very comfortable.  They definitely draw some attention as well.  People either love them or hate them.
B004TAAWIM I'm glad I bought this! It is comfortable to wear and it helps me walk through all this huge gravel on my base here since I'm deployed.
B004TLAF9W Great gift for my GF and her personal trainer I purchased these shoes as a gift for my GF after she received a gym membership. She purchased the Reebok Flex with the 72 buddies... they work great for running but apparently they do not work well with weight lifting, squats, etc. Her personal trainer recommended shoes that are flat so that her balance and core strength would improve during the workout and these shoes fit that bill. She uses them on a regular basis for her workouts. Great material and relatively low-cost, it's the gift that keeps on giving.
B004TLAF9W Jazzercise! Looking for the perfect aerobic shoe? This is the one! I love these Pumas! I keep buying the same ones in different colors when I need a new pair.  They're perfect for any step aerobic, Jazzercise, Zumba, or other aerobic class.
B004TLAKV0 Quite pleased :) These shoes are very sleek and stylish as well as unique with their diagonally inlaid shoelaces and enlarged puma emblem (on inside of shoe). They're also pretty comfortable, I wear them to work and I get lots of compliments on them!
B004TLB4GU Snazzy Casual Sneakers These are fairly tight fitting (I had to order the next size up, and they're still snug). Love these sneakers and always get compliments. The quality of the materials is awesome, but word of warning that they have NO arch support whatsoever. Used these regularly while backpacking in France, and ended up at the doctor for increasingly strained feet and ankles--turns out these shoes are not made for long walks. Perfect for shorter outings, though.
B004TPCZ82 i love it!! i am a guy and i am not homo.. lol.. anyway, i bought the purple one cos i know that the Puma Rio Racers are all unisex the only difference is the sizes.. its hella light and the insoles are so comfortable.. i dont have anything to say bad about this shoes so yeah.. and i forgot, i use them for breakdancing.. RECOMMENDED! :D
B004TPGSTY Puma womans tennis shors the size fit perfect. excellent price. even with shipping, they were cheaper than Super Shoes! I love them. they looked exactly as their picture on Amazon
B004V7HU4W sueters perfect fit, a year ago and are using them as new .. very good products that distribute and arrive on time
B004V7HZOM Great Bargain My son is in his "red" phase--so this hoodie was perfect--good quality, very comfy and the size was perfect for my 10yr old.
B004V7HZOM Fantastic Hoodie, my son love it I bought for my son who is 12 years old and avarage size for its age. Hoodie fit very well I could see that he can use even if he will grow up - he is 4' 10&#34;. I have been looking for hoodie with the zipper and this one has it. This hoodie is light and there is no any problem if your kid will wear it under jacket in the winter time. I recommend this one but I don't know if you still can buy this. I tried to buy other one but there were not available anymore - I keep searching.
B004VKP02S Fantastic I love these shoes. Fit well (one size over norm) look good, and hold up well. I would recommend them for anyone who likes pumas, the slip on style, or hemp.
B004VL2T08 Cool!!! the design is fun and cool just that comes a little narrowand 1/2 size smaller. Not for children with thick feets.
B004VL38QM great kids shoe My little guy loikes these shoes. They are easy for him to put on and look stylish with pants and shorts.
B004VL520W Real looks less than picture Picture looked nice. So were reviews here. Real item was less than how it appeared in picture. Low quality materials. Not sturdy. Proportionate to price, but less than what it should have been.
B004VQYK4G Comfort They are really comfortable , recommend to everyone ! Keep in mind ,to buy them one size bigger sense they are every slim .
B004VR2ZWY Most comfortable shoe ever! I bought the blue one's first.  I loved them so much I bought the red/black one's!  Luckily the red/black one's were on sale for $48!  That's $72 off!  Thanks Amazon!
B004VR2ZWY Very good I bouth this shoes for exccersise, but I when on a Cruise, and bingo, I Used it to walk around the City that We visited and it was fine, so I dicided to keep on using it as a leisure shoes.
B004VR2ZWY Cell Puma Arrai Best buy.PUMA once again surprised with your products! hundred percent recommended, a very comfortable shoe, quality and extent.Congratulations PUMA
B004VR3OTM Big Foot My son wears a size 14.  These fit him perfectly.  He likes the stylish outside design and the overall comfort
B004VRFO7C Great Puma Tote Everything went smooth on this purchase. They said I would have it within a certain amount of time and it got to me on time. I saw this silver tote at the Puma store in my mall for a lot more money. I bought it through amazon because it was so much cheaper.
B004VRG4M6 Ducati MASTERPIECE!~ Painstakingly & meticulously detailed all around! Have to see in a flesh to genuinly appreciate this rare eyecatcher!~Buying another in red to seriously drool on this unique backpack!~
B004VRIA5A DO NOT BUY! Wrong pair of shoes,Wrong style, Wrong size and wrong cost. HORRIBLE not worth the time money and patience purchase at your own risk.
B004VRIA5A do not by i got these shoes the other day came home after work went to open the box and try them on and there was no shoe in the box i have tryed to get ahold of the people i have got them from and still have got no responce
B004VSDUJU Horrible and fake Thia sneakers ar&eacute; the more horrible fake puma i ever seen in my life I use then just for one day and tear on parts i wold like my money back
B004VW5BOI MY NEW FAVORITE SHOES These ones are awesome, i got the black ones and they are gorgeous! love the! they fit perfect, too soft inside. They will be my new favorites for this incoming year. The package was a little weak, the box was not in good conditions.
B004VW6IFE I Feel Like Hermes! These shoes are amazing! I could have sworn that the box was empty when i first got them - bot don't let the lightness fool you! These things are tough. I planned to use them for the gym - mainly spinning and on the treadmill, but I have had to use them for footballing purposes and apart form some minor cosmetic damage, they're still fully functional. The aerated  design is a Godsend for me ( though I would have appreciated if they had found a way to keep pebbles out). Only negative is that it  tends to squeak a bit if i'm wearing it without socks. It is a tad annoying personally. However, this is still a great shoe. Regardless of the lightweight material, this shoe is durable. It will be a tough to replace.
B004W2C7BC love these pumas These pumas are super light and very vented , so your feet don't sweat . They will get wet however, if it rains or rained
B004W2ZZKM first wash, color fades out. the yellow part has decolored at first wash. soft soap applied and bad materials quality. 5 or 6 times used. not recommended.
B004WLDTNI Old School Puma Sneakers I Been searching for these sneakers in NYC for some time and made a decision to try Amazon, to my surprise I found them Online, As a Kid these were the footwear I wore on a regular basis. I had to do my Homework a little something due to the remake models that are currently Manufacture these days. When buying Puma Sneakers, I had to make sure they were the Clyde, Walt Frazier Model, when I received these sneakers it not only brought back memory's, but I was a Satisfied customer, the delivery came in two days to my surprise. Amazon is a great site over the last three years I made a few purchases especially Hard to find Items are available on Amazon, just have to be vigilant when searching, thanks Amazon.Alfredo PNYC
B004WLDTNI Did not receive My shoes were delivered to the delivery address but they were stolen by a staff member at the Hilton Costa Mesa.He has since been sacked for steeling but I never received my shoes (x2 pair size 12 Black Puma Clyde - Suede).
B004WLEF6S Shoes for my husband My husband is a size 14 foot, and finding that size in stores is almost impossible. I was excited to see Amazon offered these in a 14.
B004WLEF6S Old school say hello to my feet! I needed some shoes. I got some pumas for when I'm not riding my bike. These are great for doing just that. Takes a little to wear them in but they are beautiful, functional, and comfortable.
B004WLEF6S Love these I bought these because I have a thing for Gray shoes. Theyre a suede like material, which can get dirty quickly if youre not careful, so I suggest getting them sprayed before you wear them. Other than that, theyre very comfortable, and subtle enough to wear with a nice shirt.
B004WLEF6S Pumas! I have been a big fan of both Pumas and Adidas for a while now and these are great. The colors are brilliant and not something I've seen around town too much. I'm excited to wear them out! (Once it stops raining that is...)
B004WLEF6S Husband Joy Bought these as a birthday gift. Sons couldn't believe it; husband was overjoyed. He felt twenty years young; like he was still playing CYO basketball.
B004WLEF6S stylin retro I love these shoes.. I get complimented all the time. I did have to put some decent.insoles as they ran a bit big and don't have much of an orthodic footbed..  but I kneew that and have weird feet anyway.
B004WLEF6S I LOVE THESE SNEAKERS! They are exactly like I had remembered them.  You can never go wrong with Puma's.  They are exactly like they are pictured.  Perhaps a little snug at first but that is no problem, they will stretch to fit your foot like a glove!
B004WLEF6S blisters I have been buying pumas for a few years now. This particular shoe is not comfortable. I have a huge blister on the back of my heel from where it rubbed. I find them too be to stiff.
B004WLEF6S Getting a lot of compliments I have been wearing SIMPLE sneakers for the past 10+ years. Now that they are out of business I needed to find a new brand. While these have a lower arch than the SIMPLE shoes, my foot has adjusted to them and I have to say they are VERY comfortable. They seems quite durable and I am getting a lot of compliments on them. True to size for myself, and they also have a large toe box which in my opinion is a must have! These are my new go-to sneakers!
B004WLEF6S my PUMAs I have woren pumas since the early 80s Hip Hop is in my blood Graffiti Rapping Breaking is the way of life pumas with Fat Shoelaces make it all love $ uniting as one
B004WLEF6S exquisite! soft suede, thick but flexible one inch sole, super comfy, very well made & true to size, all for under $30 with Amazon's 20% discount for 1st shoe purchase. got the black-on-black color.
B004WLEF6S Clydes Love 'em.  Just what I wanted.  They bring me back to my childhood.  However, I don't use them for sports activities, but I had the soles sueded for swing dancing .  For me it was for the look, which is perfect. Delivery was without a worry too.
B004WLEF6S Love them except... They rubbed my heel raw the first time I wore them. Probably just need to break them in. Thank you!
B004WLEF6S KNOCK OFFS!!! There is no way these are real Pumas.  The souls are NOT stitched, which real Pumas are and the Puma swoop doesn't look right either.  There are also Pumas typically on the markings the back that are not on these.  TOTAL knock offs!  These guys probably have Coach purses as well...
B004WLEF6S Nice Shoe I'm a woman and I purchased four pairs of these in 5.5.  They are very comfortable to walk around in and I get a lot of compliments. They get more comfortable with use.  I found that I needed to add dr. scholl's insoles because I have a big arch.  They look and feel great and I wear them almost daily.
B004XD0GTK i think thats its a fake wacht i dont think thas a original wacht, the wacht belt its broke so soon and dont find remplace, i am a dissapoiment
B004XD0GTK one word...Perfect! it's perfect for daily use. Comfortable and looks really nice. Worth every single dollar, it has the perfect zize xD
B004XD0H8A Cool and stylish Exactly as I expected.  Easy ordering and Quick shipment.  Well made.  Has kept perfect time.  Modern look, yet conservative enough for any ocassion.
B004XD0K1Y Gud Purchase !! Ok so let me be honest.. i bought this bcoz i got a puma cap as a gift with it.. the shape and fitting is good... the puma cat design stands out and looks neat... dunno if i wud have bought it alone but with a  gift, its just plain awesome :)so if looking for a smart watch n u find a deal for it under $30, its a must have. On $42, u might find a better one but if u dont, buy it... u wont b disappointed !!!
B004XD0LO0 Very disappointed It was not what was advertised... I was very disappointed with this purchase. The company genuine depot purchased the watch from overstock.com and added $50 to overstock listed price.
B004XD0LO0 Stylish, dependable I like watches that are very simplistic but at the same time give off a stylish, modern look. I love the clean metal design (with the logo) and the Day/Date function is very useful at work. The purple colored second hand gives it a nice touch. Hope it lasts many years!
B004XD0NFW excellent excellent product. High quality. I loved it. Totally as expected. My sister will charm was her birthday with other things and as always Happy
B004XD0O06 mixed feelings i loved loved loved this watch! it looked great and was nice and slim to compensate for having such a large face... BUT the straps started to get stained from everyday use and it is impossible to clean! i went online to find ways to clean it, but they didn`t work! so sad!!!
B004XD0O06 DOA out of box Purchased this items as a gift. The recipient then sent it to me as it was DOA out of the box. I then opened the back to to replace the battery and one of the band ends broke off. I have returned the watch to Amazon.
B004XD0OII Women's Watck This was exactly what mt wife needed for daily exercises and power walking.  Easy to read dial and looks very attractive.  She loves it!!
B004XD0RQM georgeous gave this to my girlfriend ans she loved it! gave one to my mom ans she loved it too, gave one to one of my best friend at the university and she loved it as well! so it cannot be a coincidence... the watch is good, cheap and beautiful! what else would i ask for? highly recommended!
B004XD0TLU Dead battery It wont turn on. Guess it came with a dead battery. Bought it while travelling to the USA. Now I'm back in Rio de Janeiro - Brazil, my hometown, with a watch that won't work.
B004XD0TLU Beeping on button press is a deal breaker This watch looks nice, is a little difficult to read and feels a little cheap.  My major problem is that the beep is really loud and annoying and it beeps every time you push a button.  No way to disable it.  There are other watches that don't allow you to disable the beep, but none with a beep so annoying as this.
B004XD0TLU Great Deal Was a great addition to my collection. Just one complaint get more items like this on sale...lol! I intend to start a collection to complement my wardrobe.
B004XD0TLU - From the picture seemed to be more beautiful, thought it was a blue bracelet stronger and appears to be old, like it is used.
B004XD0TLU Simple , smart and elegant Its a simple , no frills sports watch. it does whats its supposed to do- show time, alarm and timers with no excessive buttons popping out of everywhere.I also like the blue colour although its not as bright as it is shown here but still pretty good.I thing i haven't figured as yet is how to reset the time. There is  an instruction manual but it does not help.
B004XD0V7C Colour worn out instantly. As soon as my wife got into the water with it, it got water INTO it. now it is useless. It lasted only 4 months. Do not buy itNot worthy of spending that ammount of moneyUseless watch from PUMA
B004XD0V7C Became discolored almost immediately. It works fine, arrived as described.  Very disappointed that it became discolored almost immediately.  I would only buy again if it were black.  I read other reviews afterwards, and it seems as though this happens alot.  Puma, if it's not working, don't sell the light colors.
B004XD0V7C Gets dirty in no time I used my new watch for one week and ... it really shows.  The rubber it's made of collects dirt and stains.  Would not recommend if you want to wear it often.
B004XD0VRM bought it as gift my sister in law absolutely loved it..nice desing.. I taught it was going to be bigger.. but when I opened it it was pretty small, obviously because it is for women which in her case is perfect for her.!
B004XD0VRM Success! It's pretty and very useful. It works perfectly... All I need to be happyThe shipping was on time and I received the package in perfect conditions
B004XD0VRM great purchase The color, size, price, and material is perfect. You have to keep the outside clean, otherwise it can stain. I read on the manual that the back light illumination lessens with time/use. I just wish I could silence the beeping of the buttons when they are pressed.
B004XD0WEE Kool one Liked the style..kool one for casual use. I liked the color, not so bright or dull. Good for casual purpose.
B004XD1022 Good looks, but poor design decisions decrease functionality ProsGood looks and unusual design.Can set to 24-hour clockCan change calendar to DD-MM (if you're from Europe, for instance)2 time zonesCalendar knows leap years up to 2099Chronograph stores up to 10 splitsConsIn order to see the day of the week and date you need to press LIGHT button and drain the battery.The manual says, "The Timer is (...) composed of several pre-set values, namely: 5, 10, 20, 30, 45 mins, and 1hr". THAT"S IT. You can't set it for 7 mins to boil eggs, for instance.ConclusionInteresting looking watch. If you're willing to live without a properly working countdown timer and don't need to see the date on the face, it's a decent buy. I'll keep the Timex Ironman, though.Timex Men's T5K608 Ironman Traditional 10-Lap Black Resin Strap Watch
B004XD1CE8 Poor Quality The locking clip on the watch band broke within two days.  It appears that I must replace the entire band.  Pretty disappointing.
B004XHS8BY Pumas make me feel cool This is a great walk to work shoe - 2 people have stopped me on the street to say they like them. Took a couple of weeks to wear them in, so ease into them!
B004Z0G6QS Beautiful B.C. These shoes fit perfectly, which is amazing for an online order!  Follow the sizing guide, and you can't go wrong.  This runner is light-weight and totally comfortable, right out of the box; no break-in time needed.  My only complaint is that the fabric of the overall shoe isn't extremely breathable, and my feet tend to get hot after a few minutes of exercise.
B004Z0G6QS would recommend I wear these to campus and for walks, they are comfortable but do not have the best arch support. They are fine for walking but would not recommend them for running. I love the color gray and teal, the gray hides dirt well and the teal is a pop of color. Good item overall
B004Z0G6QS Comfortable Good shoes, comes with a red eco-friendly bag.  Okay arch support, great for thirty minutes walks back and forth to school.  Love those colors!! Very pleased.  Wonder how long they will last.
B004ZBGB0S The wife loves them My wife has been using these for our morning walks and they seem to be working out well. She definitely notices a difference but she likes that they aren't ugly like other rounded walking shoes.
B004ZBGB0S balance done right I haven't got much time to spend toning between work and school and taking care of my family, but these have already tightened my hips and thighs and keep me on my toes!
B004ZBGB0S cool shoes, butt toning? no. I have seen and read about toning shoes for awhile now, it's the new thing. Like toning pants by Reebok, they promise to add extra toning to your body during workouts due to some special property. With shoes, it's the footbed which is rocker shaped making you have to work your foot a little harder which then works your legs, then butt. If only. I don't believe toning shoes really work beyond a small fraction but I'll take that fraction. Even a fraction of a fraction is good, god knows I have spent enough time in the gym, on the streets and trails, in the water swimming mile after so why not add the shoe. I happen to like the appearance of the Puma, the footbed is not extreme like the early models of toners, it looks like a regular shoe but I can feel the rocker. Plus, some science went into engineering this model and Engineers know a lot more than I. They are very comfortable, very good looking, the colors are great and Street Moda has the best price around.  Run very true to size. I think a wide foot may be a problem as they fit slightly narrow.
B004ZBGB0S True to size, fashionable and comfortable First time owning Puma shoes and I am happy with the product. My legs are naturally toned. Not sure if they will "shape" my legs (I bought them b/c they were inexpensive). For me comfort is important in a shoe and this hits the mark.
B004ZBHIVE Puma Mens Caliber Trainer Black/Puma/Silver Synthetic Cross Training 11 I buy it for my dad and he was fascinated by the use all the time to walk super comfortable I recommend it...
B004ZIP4U4 Feedback Hi I'm Writing This review 'cause i want to express that i have recived this item with plenty of time and with out problems
B004ZIP4U4 Pretty Good Shoes were as marketed. They are comfortable and properly sized. I came to these Pumas from old New Balances. Next time I buy it will be between these two brands. Color is pretty cool - the violet hue is unusual.
B004ZIP4U4 excellent product, would recommend 100% PUMA Men's Voltaic 3 Cross-Training Shoe,Shadow/Black/Golden Silver,8 D US The product is comfortable, practical, lightweight, aerodynamic.It is comfortable to walk and jog. Practical exercises for City or in the park. It can be worn with jeans or sports rops. Fresh and comfortable.
B004ZIP4U4 I love these!!! I'm a diehard Iowa Hawkeyes fan...these are perfect for me! Super comfy even though this is a mens shoe and I'm a woman.
B004ZIP4U4 too heavy and wide definitely can not be used for anything other than ....hmmm can't think of anything because there isn't enough ankle support for cross training...they are way too heavy and inflexible for running and as far as just everyday wear they look like boats. the picture makes them look like they curve in with the shape of the foot but its an optical illusion created by the stripe. the are basically square. they are super stiff so when you walk they don't bend with your foot well.
B004ZIP4U4 A little clunkier than older versions of Voltaic but ok I have a dozen and a half pairs of Puma sneakers and 5 pairs of them are Voltaics.  I love them.  I personally don't like the new design.  It's not as sleek as the old version.  They're OK, still comfy.MAKE SURE you like them before ordering them from Amazon though because  If you return them because you don't like them you'll be charged a shipping fee.  Unbelievable.  I guess I was spoiled from using Zappos.  Lesson learned.
B004ZIP4U4 Satisfaction 100 % It is a product of exelente quality, of characteristic equals that in the pictures and I received them in the setting from my house to the 15 days of having requested itRecommended!!
B004ZIP4U4 Sexy I havent even thought about Puma since the 80's/90's but these are hot! This picture does the shoe & its color no justice whatsoever. They area semi slip on, the tongue is a uniform part of the overall shoes, fits snug, solid arch, cushion and support and did I mention they are hot! Lol great for sport or just fashion on blue jean days I really love them ..I will be testing some scotch guard on them because the white/blue contrast is too sexy to mess up. If you're a blue fan & want a shoe that feels as good as it looks this is it!
B004ZIP54Y Very Good, Affordable Turf Cleats I needed to get a set of turf cleats for a soccer tournament in a hurry, and luckily Amazon always has everything that you need.  I have used these cleats too many times to count since I've bought them, they grip everything from old and raggy to brand new turf, it even grips wet turf in down pours.  The material used is extremely comfortable and has never caused a blister, even brand new.  These are a great value for $40 turf shoes.  Very well made, great for anyone playing pick up soccer or in intramural/travel leagues.
B004ZIP5GW Not the right feel Have tried multiple different types, brands, and styles of shoes and this one doesn't fit the bill. Still sticking with my Nike runners.
B004ZIP5GW Just what I needed Amazingly, these were sized correctly and fit as expected (unlike my experience with a brand I've purchased for years.  These were just what I needed, they fit, and the price was great.  The only thing that would have been better is to get them in a wide rather than the normal D width.
B004ZIP5GW Best Fit Ever Wonderful fit.  It felt like putting my feet in the cockpit like seat of a luxury sports car.  Thank you
B004ZIP5GW Simply great I bought black ones for my son. Now I am thinking to buy for myself. They look very stylish and comortable.  very good quolity&lt; high quolity!!! I recommend them to everyone.
B004ZIP5GW Great fit These shoes are very comfortable. Aside from a small esthetic flaw, they are very vibrant. I would've paid much more for these and almost did from a different site. Over all is am quite well pleased.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes These shoes fit really well and are comfortable.In the princess blue/medieval blue and orange color that I got them, I turn heads everywhere I go.Pros:Great fittingsuper comfortableextremely good looking, I'm always getting compliments on themCons:warmThis is a minor con that really only applies to where I live in the desert in Arizona - they are a bit warm - they have sufficient padding to make them extremely comfortable, but they are a bit warm here in the desert for my sweaty feet.  They do breath incredibly well; but in 100&#730;F+ temperatures, my feet get just a little too warm (but my feet are always hot).
B004ZIP5GW Ok to use When I bought the product, this said it was a running shoe which is not at all,they are super heavy, the toe area is extra wide.also, be careful to read the color, I mistakenly went with the color on the picture which seemed white to me, but they are dark grey, not at all like the picture.anyway, they can be used to go to the gym and work out upper body, they look nice, but if your intention is to run or do something with agility in your feet, forget it.
B004ZIP5GW The advantage of buying online..... The advantage of buying online is that from the comfort of your armchair, you can shop and find things unique or simply just not available in stores in your city.  Case in point; these shoes.  Beautiful and not available in stores in my city.
B004ZIP5GW be careful while these  sneakers were my size, i was unable to get them on without extreme effort. the problem, for me , they don't have a tongue, making entry of a somewhat wide foot next to impossible.  also of particular note , i thought they were of lesser quality than i expected.  i returned them with no difficulty.  one reason i prefer to shop Amazon
B004ZIP5GW Walking on Red Clouds I love these shoes!  I love to just put them on and take a walk around the neighborhood.  If I'm walking anymore than a couple blocks, these puppies go on.  It's like walking on clouds, I can't feel the ground below my feet.  Puts a pep in my step, and looking down at them is always nice to see that bright red surprise.  I should get more of these in other colors!
B004ZIP5GW Well Formed An impromtu give for my husband when it was a lightening deal at 42.99 that he wears all the time. He finds them comfortable but is not a runner. He says he has gotten compliments on the color and style as well. Glad I followed my impulse!
B004ZIP5GW Color is not accurate; "tongueless" design is frustrating I got the Blue/Black/Shadow/Silver color - while the color on the listing appears to be a light, almost pastel blue, in reality it is a much brighter, almost neon blue.  It's a little too over the top for me.  Otherwise the shoe is comfortable and true to size -- I wear a size 9.5 regular in Nikes and ordered the same size and they fit perfectly, with maybe just a 1/2 in. more in the toe, but still comfortably snug.  They look wide when you're looking down at them, which I like for some reason.  I'm not so crazy about the fact that it doesn't have a tongue - you really have to pull hard to get them on or use a shoehorn, which then bunches up my socks (the low cut athletic kind that aren't that thick).  I'll be returning these, mainly because of the crazy color.
B004ZIP5GW Just perfect ! After multiple back surgeries I have great difficulty getting shoes I can live with. These suit me to a tee. Most excellent purchase
B004ZIP5GW so so I didn't like the front's tennis, l tought it could be black or grey, anyway is good at all if you like red
B004ZIP5GW Yup. Love 'em. Very comfy.And I get compliments daily.I just wonder how to keep them clean?DAMN ... I rock these.AND YOU CAN TOO!
B004ZIP5GW puma mens Everything I expected. Very comfortable would recommend especially if you do a lot of walking.  Puma has comfort n style
B004ZIP5GW It was hard to change the shoes I tried to change it by smaller size but  I couldn't,Thank you Michelle for your kind help,Faiz Humadi
B004ZIP5GW Puma I'm fond of Puma shoes and these are no exception.  The only fault is that they tend to run a little small.
B004ZIP5GW ! Great shoes for work or play very comfortable the newer version has shrunk and do not fit well these are quality over a year in the kitchen still held up
B004ZIP5GW Puma review The shoe itself is fine, no problem there; but I purposely purchsed the shoe shown in this picture blue with yellow  highlights because those are the colors occasionally worn by the Milwaukee Brewer baseball team.  The pair I received has orange where the yellow is indicated.  I have not worn these at all, as baseball season is a month away.  If you have them with yellow as indicated in the picture, thaqt is what I would prefer.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable sneakers I would recommend these sneakers if your looking for some comfort and durability. I have no complaints with this purchase, satisfied and still using these sneakers.
B004ZIP5GW Great looking shoes Lots of compliments, very comfortable to wear to gym and around neighborhood.  The only complaint I have (marginal) is that they are a little difficult to put on, no problem when using a shoe horn.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable Very comfortable shoe. In fact I just ordered the same one in obnoxious yellow, black and red to match a few red track jackets and under armour shirts I wear. I haven't worn these in a while as I've been lazy and have been using the Salomon laceless mud run shoes but I'm going to work these back in because they look and feel great. They air out well too. When I'm in the midst of intense exercise my feet do not feel super hot like in other performance sneakers.
B004ZIP5GW Good running shoe alternative I've used New Balance for 15 years, I guess, but these were on sale.  Not as much enclosing the foot at the top (lower cut), and you could be fooled into thinking there is less support.  I think it's just getting used to something new.  They run well; I will have to wait to evaluate long-term performance.  Good value.
B004ZIP5GW Puma Comfortable shoes but not very much cushioning in the heel area. Also tongue is completely attached to the sides and tight for my high arches.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome! Product is exactly as described.  I loved the product.  Look forward to doing business with this person or establishment in the future.
B004ZIP5GW Work shoes I bought these because I work retail and walk approx. 5-10 miles a shift. These have held up very well and are very comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW Alright I think they look cool, but a little wide. I also have something digging into my for from the top of the shoe..
B004ZIP5GW Comfy Shoe Tight fit because they are very padded. Not a whole lot of shape to them so they make your feet look big from bird's eye view.Not a big deal but something I noticed and wasn't super happy about.
B004ZIP5GW Can you get any more comfortable? I have to say that the shoes are MUCH brighter than in the picture. (In photos it looks like a pastel blue, but it's more of a reflective electric blue in person).They are pretty light and extremely comfortable!Beware though, any liquids that spill on the mesh part where your toes are will get dirty VERY quickly.Pumas are going on my list of must-buy shoes from now on! Comfy and moderately priced!
B004ZIP5GW Extremely comfortable Bought these to train for an upcoming half marathon.  Amazingly comfortable and sturdy. Would definitely buy these again in a heartbeat.
B004ZIP5GW Love my new Pumas These are wonderful.  The arch could be a little higher since I have a pretty high arch but other than that, they are perfect.  I have gotten lots of comments on them and would recommned them to anybody.
B004ZIP5GW Fit ok Well made , comfortableColor is cool. They actually run big I take a 11 1/2 I could have ordered a 11.
B004ZIP5GW super wide These are pretty cool looking shoes but they are really wide and kind of plastic looking.  My wife said they look like moon boots with the uppers cut off.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable But Shape is Ugly Not bad if u r looking for comfort, but really ugly shape when viewed from the top.  The pictures are deceptive and purposely avoids the top down view.  Trust me--they are fat and odd shaped for tennis shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable for walking:) Well i like the shape, color and design of it and above all the price when i got it, but i have a complaint about my right shoe i have felt that it tights my lil finger side and it get to tire my feet it is a bad  feeling believe me but the shoes are fantastic :-D
B004ZIP5GW Love it Great grand wonderful early dusk arrival to the initial stages of my dreams coming true that you have hanging from the future of this technology!
B004ZIP5GW Awesome! I run a true size in Puma and ordered these in that size, and they fit perfectly.  These sneakers serve a great dual purpose, whether you're on the trail, at the gym, or on the town.  The stylish black and silver design is sleek and compliments other Puma gear that bears the same color schemes.  Running and walking in these sneakers is great.  Awesome support, cushioning, and shock absorption.  High quality laces are a nice feature as well.
B004ZIP5GW needed new shoes for vacation I did not expect that the tongue would be sewn into the sides making it like a slip-on shoe with laces. There was no picture to show that feature. They are quite comfortable and sized perfectly. The colors were perfect. I rated a three of five because of the sewn in tongue was not expected.
B004ZIP5GW Even better in person I will admit that the price is why I told my 13-year old son to check these out. Whenever we go to the local sporting goods store, he is drawn to the sneaker wall, particularly the $80-150 models. He's all about Puma this year, and plans on running track this spring, so this deal seemed too good to be true. They are better looking in person, fit him well, and are staying new-looking despite the fact that he is wearing them daily through an Upstate New York winter. Also, we chose the free super-saver shipping since there was no urgency and they arrived in five days!! A great deal on a great product. My only regret is not getting a pair for my daughter, too.
B004ZIP5GW Shoes for Christmas I am thrilled with my purchase. They arrived quickly so I had no Christmas worries. Very easy purchase and processing. Thanks!
B004ZIP5GW Puma its the way to go!! Im a fan of puma merchandise, got this for running and gym use, they are awesome, like them very much, its not easy to find the style I like (maxys, foot locker, etc) and Amazon thru their retailers are doing an amazing job, true to size and I will keep buying puma shoes thru amazon!
B004ZIP5GW Light, tight, and cushiony I'm using these shoes for very short runs and walking.  I tried these Pumas at a mall first and felt snug and tight around my foot.  Gave me a nice feeling overall, so decided to buy them. Price was not right there, so tried Amazon --$--much better here.The shoes feel great, more cushiony on the heel area and not so much in the mid-foot area, but overall very cushioned ride that should pay dividends for heavier runners (185 lbs - 220 lbs neighborhood).  Not much arch support.  The toe area feels just right, and the heel-to-toe action feels great, so if you're a fore-foot strike runner, you'll like how the shoe feels. I also happen to like that the tongue is sewn in and not moving around.They seem like they retain constant temperature, so it's a plus for winter, not so sure if it's a plus in summer though.Nice color options (got the black/dark shadow) and can be definitely worn with jeans.
B004ZIPPEO wrong sizing info wrong sizing info. nice quality. dont trust this sizing info. for correct sizing info visit puma web site.i dont want to talk about this item
B004ZIPVH0 Cleats I like them -- I would prefer leather over synthetic though. They hide the laces very well and is a great looking boot.
B004ZIPVIE ok Did what i wanted it to do, great , i recommend everybody.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................would do it all over again, no regrets very much pleased thank you.
B004ZIPVIE Fell apart the first time I put them on! The very first time I put these shoes on, I tugged on the toungue of one of them before tying the laces and the toungue just came out. It ripped clean out. Waste of money.
B004ZIPVIE A+ great shoe it is a cheaper version of pumas V1.11, I wear 11 , bought these in 11.5 , fitts great , little tight at first but it breaks in after one game , if you cant buy v1.11 these are great alternative, and a lot cheaper.
B004ZIPVIE Snug in the toes but I look like a pro Started playing soccer this year for the first time in my life and I was advised to get soccer shoes. I picked these up for a good bargain. The toe box (front of shoe) is a little snug so blisters are a definate danger so I'll tape my feet as these break in. The shoes are flashy and people think I'm being humble when I tell them I have no clue on what I'm doing, and that I just came because I like to run and have fun. If soccer becomes a serious past time for me though I doubt I'll keep because of the snug fit, but otherwise order a half size up and these will be just fine.
B004ZIPVIE lightweight cleats. theses are very lightweight cleats, although that pulls u back on comfort. Would have liked a little more support for comfort.
B004ZIPVIE Really good Really light, easy to play with. You dont feel the feets, youjr eally feel free to make skills, to shoot, and to rum
B004ZIPVIE Great cleats My son is happy with these. We will see how well they hold up when he starts the spring season.
B004ZIPVIE What you'd expect for the price I used these cleats pretty regularly for a while, but the sole started separating from the base of the shoe, and some dirt got lodged in there making it rather uncomfortable. This happened much quicker than normal wear and tear on the cleat, but it still is holding up rather nicely as long as I remember to keep cleaning the dirt out.
B004ZIPVIE Lightning The focus of this product is speed.  The boot is very light, just as they stated.The size was perfect.  I am have true 9.5 size foot and the Puma 9.5 fit me perfect.The boot is made of some kind of plastic (I think...) because it's pretty slick.  I'm not sure if it will be great for hitting a curl on goal.
B004ZIT63U not the real thang Knock offs, poorly made fake pumas. Obvious due to mess of glue on heel and yellowing in some parts. Poorly made
B004ZIT63U Cool n comfy My sons favorite shoe...and he's had everything from Nike, to Adidas or Skechers, to DC!  Love the color, very unique...no one around here has it!
B004ZIT63U Short Shoelaces A very comfortable pair of shoes that our son loved running in. My only criticism is that the shoelaces were too short, so these were not the best shoes for someone who was just learning how to tie shoelaces -- this won't be an issue for kids who already know how to tie laces.
B004ZIT63U Voltaic 3 Regular fit.  Just the right resistance for activities, keeps the foot stable.  This is a good all a rounder and the color is vibrant and youthful.
B004ZIT63U have a problem with it i have the same problem that the another shoe nike air max 2012 because i want a size for my daugther and she's eight years old and is dificult to me change it from my country
B004ZIT63U Great Design I made my son look at several pages of shoes before settling on a pair, but he wanted these the moment he saw them - excellent color scheme. They were a good choice because they are comfortable as well as stylish. The only issue is that size 5 fits him just right, but the same size in other brands are slightly big, providing a little room to grow.
B004ZIT63U The Table for choose the fit is not Ok. The shoes fits too large. My daughter won't wear even in the next year. It looks for adults.  I have to resell it or give it to someone.
B004ZIT63U It was a gift This was a gift for my 14 year old nephew and he loved it... he wore them the same day.
B004ZIT63U Nice Style WAY Too Small This shoe does not fit my son's foot at all, he wears a 12 so I got a 12.5 so he could grow into them but he could barely get his foot in them. Hopefully I won't have trouble sending them back.
B004ZIT63U so far so good I bought these for my 10 yr old daughter. She is planning on running her first 5k with me in Sept. She has ran a few miles in these shoes along with wearing them at other times. She has not once complained of a blister or any discomfort from them! So far they are holding up great for my active girl. I only gave them 4 stars because I am not wearing them and can't give a true review based on how they feel for myself but I do know my daughter likes them.
B004ZIT63U Had to return I just had my son measured at the store, I then came home and ordered these shoes for him.  When we got them they looked a little darker then the picture and they were too small.  His toes were all the way at the top.  We ended up returning them and didn't purchase a bigger size.  The reason being they were too dark for our taste.  The picture shoes it white, grey and orange, they are more dark grey, light grey with orange.
B004ZIT63U Perfect for school The front is not leatherthe feet can breathlightthe fit is reallylove the color white and Black
B004ZIT63U Pretty Puma's My 7 year old granddaughter loved her new shoes. She loved the color and they fit really well !!  She could not wait to wear them to school.
B004ZIT63U Great kids sneaker We got our kiddo a pair of Puma sneakers when school started. They really held up to wear & tear. Ordered these to replace the ones prior due to growth.This shoe runs small in sizing. In other shoes she wears a 13-13.5; she fit a 1.5 in this shoe.The insole is fantastic: remove the insole and sit the child's foot onto it for proper sizing. The insole is marked/colored where the toes should be for a proper fit.
B004ZIT63U very happy Very cool looking, comfortable...everyone's complementing & asking where to get them. My husband, my son and I all love them!
B004ZIT63U A very happy Amazon shopper! I order the PUMA Voltaic 3 JR Running Shoe for my grandson on Amazon. I was so disappointed when they came and didn't fit, the size runs small. Amazon made the process for exchanging so easy I could have hugged someone. I simply followed the instructions on a slip in the box, went on line told them I needed to exchange and it was done. UPS picked up the return from me the next day and I had the new shoes (correct size) this time within 3 days. I can't say how efficient I thought the whole process was. My grandson and I loved the new PUMA's they were a perfect fit. Thank you PUMA and thank you Amazon!!!!
B004ZIT63U Drop dead gorgeous I don't know what else I could say about shoes...they're Puma..everything I expected them to be.  If you like the style, you wont be disappointed.
B004ZIT63U Thick seam hurts my daughter's feet I let my daughter pick these out online just to be sure we were getting the right color... and usually PUMA is reliably constructed... so all seemed safe for an online purchase.But the shoes have a very thick seam where the colored side panel meets the toe material. The seam rubs her foot to the point where she gets blisters and refuses to wear them.Wasted money.
B004ZIT63U One of the most durable we've bought That might be a strong statement since we haven't purchased tons of other shoes but these blow Sketchers, Nike, and Stride Rite out of the water when it comes to long lasting.  My son is 9 and very active.  These have held up very nicely.  The front toe is where we have the most trouble and other shows end up chewing up the cheep rubber very quickly.  The other shoes treat also doesn't last too long at all.  These seem to hold up much longer.  I can't figure out why because they are made of similar rubber material.  These are our second pair and I hope they don't go off the market because we'll be back for a third when these go out.  In terms of comfort we did have to go up at least one half or full size up.  They are a tad narrow for my kid.  My son also pronates and he doesn't have any complaints.
B004ZIT63U Great Sneakers These sneakers are so comfortable. My daughter and I wear Pumas and they are just the best all around as far as comfort.
B004ZITG6M Comfy It runs slightly big, but it's still very comfy
B004ZITHZC Not as pictured I ordered these expecting a yellow accent on the shoes.  I did not read the description as Lime and the accent color is definitely Lime Green.  I'll keep them because they're the size we need next but just disappointed in the picture being inaccurate.
B004ZITHZC Don't last I bought two pairs of these for my boys aged 3 and 5.  The kids liked the look of them, but they are stiff around the ankle.  The insole and toe wore through in less than 2 months of normal wear and tear.  Very disappointed.
B004ZITHZC great shoes for my 7yr old daughter Great for soccer training on tennis courts, PE days at school, and any other activity. Very easy to get on/off when you're in a hurry and don't want to tie laces.
B004ZITHZC Probably Best Just for Kids As a grown woman, I have very small feet. So I am both blessed and cursed to be able to wear kids' sneakers. I haven't worn Pumas in years so I tried these, instead of my old Nike standbys.These sneakers fit pretty well but are a bit on the stiff side. And the heels can rub on occasion, if the proper sock isn't worn with them. And the velcro is definitely for little kids, which I'm not a huge fan of. But then again - they ARE kids' sneakers. However, they look great!For kids' though, who are busy and need sneakers on and off quickly, these would be just fine.
B004ZITHZC My kid is weird My kid loved these shoes so much he slept with them on.. he's weird and gets excited about little things. The shoe arrived on-time and looked exactly like the picture shows. They look really cool. When they fall apart I'll probably buy this exact pair again.
B004ZITHZC Awesome This is a quality comfortable shoe. The sole is flexible yet durable. The material lets my daughters feet breathe and keeps them cool.  Very happy with this one.  Wish it came in my size.
B004ZITHZC Might be worth it at half the price I shopped for my 5 year old for a pair of shoes that are somewhat neutral-colored and highly-rated.  Not an easy combination.  I ignored the low-rated reviews of shoes that said they weren't well-made.  Received them, was happy enough, although they ran a little small and were too tight on the tops of my daughter's normal-width feet.  A week later, the stitching holding the end of the hook-and-loop strap came completely undone.  My mother-in-law redid it by hand to make it work, but I wasn't going to live it with it for what I paid for these.  Thankfully Amazon was understanding and made an exception to their return policy, letting me return them even after being worn.  This is our first and last Puma purchase.  Back to Skechers we go.
B004ZITHZC Good kid's Shoe Excellent shoeGood quality ,color, style,kid likes it and likes to wear them all the time.  we have used few similar models in the past from puma Voltiac.can't go wrong.
B004ZITHZC Okay Even though I am giving this shoe three stars, I would likely purchase again; this is because my son has a few jogging suits by the same brand; because these shoes are not real leather, they seem to wear a bit quicker than I would like.
B004ZITHZC Good Buy Well fit, durable, attractive shoe.  Not too bulky.  Easy tot take on and off.  Grandson promptly put the new shoes on and ran through the house.
B004ZITHZC Do not hold up. Had 45 days and they fell apart!!!! Don't buy!!! These shoes fell apart in 45 days!!! Do not buy! I purchased the black for my grandson. He is 3 yrs old and small for his age. I thought for $50+ dollars they would hold up much longer. They run small!!! I am very disappointed!!!! I buy quite a bit from Amazon. I hope they make it right!
B004ZITHZC Super Cute, but a bit skinny My kiddo does not wear wide shoes in any brand, however, these Puma's run skinny.  I should've known since I have some pairs for myself that are the same way.  I was however able to shove some paper towels and water bottles in them for a couple days to widen the out a bit.  Now my little man loves them.  (the Velcro doesn't come all the way across his foot since they are thin, but once again, for the price I am fine!)
B004ZITHZC Excellent Stylish for my little boy, fit as as advertised, comfortable material, and seems to be very well-made. Shipping was ultra-fast with Amazon Prime. We love it!
B004ZITHZC perfect fit and just in time for school We needed these pair of shoes for my daughter's school and it compliments her school colors well and got it just in time for PE classes which are twice a week. Would've chosen the gray/light orange color shoe but was out of stock; still this color suits her school colors better. easy to put on and take off and perfect fit since I measured her foot based on the European sizing rather than the US.
B004ZITHZC Didn't like how they were shipped I received these shoes today and the shipping time was great, they were even delivered a few days early. I purchased these as a Christmas gift so when I received them in a plain box I was very surprised. It just makes it look like I found a new pair of shoes at a flea market and gave them as a gift and I would never do that. Very disappointed in that right off the bat. I'm not sure about the quality, I've read mixed reviews about Puma and this is the first time I've purchased Puma so the quality is yet to be seen.
B004ZITHZC Time savers! Just what I needed for the lil guy who still hasn't learned to tie his shoe. He is always in the go and can slip right in to these.
B004ZITHZC My boys Puma shoes My husband wears Pumas and he wanted to get my little boy some to wear too.  My little boy picked them out himself and wears them to school everyday!!
B004ZITHZC Shoes Fell apart We bought these a few months ago and they have already fallen apart. Really disappointed!! We've bought Pumas before for my daughter and they lasted almost a year. These were just used for preschool a few days a week.
B004ZITHZC .. Very cool color As I expected very comfortable shoe .. Very cool color And the price is very decent , I wish I get the second color of this price and quality
B004ZITHZC Fit is a little large Following other reviews I ordered a size up for my 6 year old son. It fits but it's definitely too big for him. Since he's worn them outside we will be keeping them but in the future I'd stick to ordering his usual size. I did wash them (he's a filthy average little boy) and some of the threading came unsewn. Still wearable but be cautious if you attempt to wash.
B004ZITHZC Birthday gift for my grandson My grandson loved everthing about these shoes.  He doesn' t have to tie them, they match his green belt he just got in Taekondoand they are comfortable.  I was very hesitant to purchase shoes on line.  They are perfect.
B004ZITHZC Cool color ;-) They're super nice but they run small. I bought these for my toddler, to go to school, and he couldn't war them, because they're like a whole number difference with the USA sizing. I dot know if its because of their European origin, that everything there is smaller, but unfortunately they didn't work for me. ;-(
B004ZITHZC Perfect Fit Perfect gift for nephew!  These shoes are excellent for a infants earning to walk. Let's get moving now little one.
B004ZITHZC Granson My Grandson Love these. He wear them all the time.He likes the colors,blue,yellow,white and black. He say he can run fast with them !
B004ZITHZC Very pleased The first day my son wore these he got complements from everyone including strangers. They are very sharp looking for the price!
B004ZITHZC straps broke in less than 2 weeks was really dissapointed when after only a week the black/green straps that go across the top of the shoe busted.
B004ZITHZC Junior loves them Sturdy, good sole for hiking or general use, color that appeals to the offspring...  They're holding up pretty well in the spring mud festivals, too.
B004ZITHZC Very Nice! I bought these for my 5 year old, he's a size 13 and they fit fine. They look so good and he gets tons of compliments. When I want to clean them I'll toss them in the washer with bleach and hot water since the front top is a mesh fabric and the rest is a simple leather. They're very easy to slip on, and very durable.
B004ZITHZC Awful craftsmanship The stitching on the velcro started to go after a week. At this point it is practically unusable $50 shoe. I have never expected this bad of a quality product from Puma. Not sure if it is possible to get a replacement, as the show has been worn, but I will definitely stay away from these in the future.
B004ZITHZC Fell apart in less than 3 weeks We received this product just a few short days after ordering. My son wore these shoes for all of 3 weeks and they completely fell apart and he can no longer wear them. The stitching that holds the elastic across the top of the shoe (in place of shoelaces) has completely separated from the shoe. My son is not rough on his shoes. He barely wore them to school only and other than the stitching coming completely apart, they look brand new. I'm so disappointed that I spent $50 on a pair of shoes that completely fell apart. Very surprised that Puma's fell apart, as my husband and I have several pairs of that brand and they have never had a problem.
B004ZITHZC Eye popping This is a beautiful pair of sneaker, my daughter loved it so when she tried it and it wss fitting tooclose and I iindicated thay I would have to return it. She started to frown so hence the purchase of my larger siz.Materil is good just purchase a half size up for your little on because its not lace its cross foot elastic fasteners which cause a closer fit.
B004ZITHZC Great looking and durable. These have been in use for several months on my 7 year old son.  They are holding up well having been washed once and through the normal rigors of daily use.  The Velcro helps speed the morning routine along.  I would not hesitate to purchase these again.
B004ZITHZC chaffing at the ball of foot This looks great when it is clean and fits perfectly and light weight.However, we have noticed that it is causing chaffing at the ball of the kid's foot like athlete's foot.
B004ZITHZC Great model, bad stitching My kid loved it, in fact he has not taken it off since he got it a week ago. However, the stitching between the elastic band and the black simi leather support is falling apart. LESS THAN A WEEK OF KID USE!!!!!! Unfortunately I cannot recommend it.
B004ZITHZC WAY too small I ended up keeping these as I have a little one, who one day may fit into them, but all else concidered order a couple sizes up.
B004ZITHZC perfect My son was so excited when he opened them & I love them too! Very stylish & comfortable & came earlier than expected!  Win win win &#9734;
B004ZITHZC 4 stars for product 1 star for packaging Shoes fit perfectly and satisfied with appearance.  Not happy with how they were packaged...plain brown box.  I'm glad I was purchasing as a gift for someone because I would have assumed they were from a defective/clearance rack.
B004ZITHZC Bad Quality not worth the price Puma quality not as it used to be, one month and this shoe stitches are wide open, also my kid feet only smells when he puts on  these shoes, waste of money never again Puma, back to Nike and Reebok.
B004ZITHZC The elastic came out The elastic BROKE the first month. I would expect better from Puma. I paid far too much money for such poor quality
B004ZITHZC puma voltaic toddler shoe Toddler sz shoes vary in length across brands. These fit this one particular active quickly growing male toddler (steady change in sz needed after five-six mths) good for the need (based on activity, environment), stay on the feet more time than others (maybe because toddler enjoys them), and the orange color (zinnia i think?) is a big asthetics plus. With any outerwear/shoe a product protectant extends good looks following appropriate directions. Watching cost vs. period of wear is a consideration.
B004ZITHZC Not wide enough :-( These sneakers are hot. Exactly what was pictured. My son is a 5W, so unfortunately I had to return them because they are not wide enough.
B004ZITHZC kinda small my 2 yr old didn't get much use out of them. i think the straps/tongue area don't give much wiggle room. they're sturdy though. just glad i've got another girl to use them more.
B004ZITHZC My fault Miss read the sizing, thought it was small adult .. Return was simple and fast credit, thanks ! Reordered a different pair, great gift !
B004ZITHZC Okay.... its very pricey for what I received. Its light weight no doubt. Runs half  size small i think. I cant see my son use this for another year. Maybe 6 months. I couldnt return it because my son was so excited to see it, he wore them and ran out before I could stop him. Splashed in puddles and made a mess. I have two boys so I will use it for my younger one too and get my moneys worth. But i recommend buying some other puma shoe.About the shoe itself: Its light, looks durable, feet gets wet very quickly because its got that mesh like looking material on top. Doesnt keep much water out. I know they are not rain boots. I expect it wont protect from cold either. It will let air in.Update:After a fun filled summer, i found that these shoes absorb dirt "very well" to a point that despite scrubbing the shoes till my hands could not handle it any more.. i have not been able to make this pair of shoe look remotely white. The mesh area is a very dull grey pretty much all the time. I have handwashed it and dumped it in the washing machine for a more detailed water rinse too. No help.I wouldnt care much, its just shoes but this one particularly look bad. We are so used to the grey look now i convince myself i bought them in that color. :) This updated review is more those who care that it looks white and bright.
B004ZITQ2G Great sneakers for little girls My granddaughter loves these sneakers.  As she said, "I bet I can jump really high in these!"  She would not wear them until the first day of school, because they were so special.  They have not given her a minute of problems.
B004ZITQ2G Beautiful design and very comfortable My 5 year old daughter is very picky with her shoes. She liked this model very much. She also told me that it is also very comfortable.
B004ZITU86 6 year old loves them In the picture I originally thought the white/raspberry looked like white/red and ordered them. the raspberry color is actually a bright pink so the color looks nothing like whats in the picture. i had to end up exchanging the shoe because i have a boy and needless to say he wont be wearing pink shoes. the shoe had nice padding and looked very comfortable to be running around in.
B004ZITU86 If you like this style, go with Puma I really like this style of shoe and have purchased the Vans, but they have not lasted very long. I purchased these Puma's, same style, and this have lasted as least three times as long; they are constructed better. Will definitely buy again.
B004ZITU86 GO FOR IT! I don't remember how much I paid for it, I don't buy anything full price but I would have for this one. I've always liked the show brand. It lasts longer than the other ones I buy for my 7yr old son. Great as school everyday shoes!!
B004ZIVBQK style and comfort had it for over a year, although shows signs of usage, still very comfortable and in good shape!very comfortable, but heel will complain if used over 10-12 hrs
B004ZIVBQK cool the shoe is comfortable and fun to dress up.  I recommend that any one interested should definitely purchase it.  Thanks!!
B004ZIWJL6 Not great I am not impressed....these do not have strong elastic so they don't stay on well and the tongue has nothing to secure it on place so it is never straight
B004ZIWJL6 comfortable shoes i choose this rating because they have all qualities that I expectedthey are comfortable I liked the model, my son is happy he loved and the price was excellent
B004ZIXBAY good They come a little big... I have a wide foot, so they feel comfortable, except like one review stated, if u don't have ur foot placed just right the little toe feels like its falling off on the inside...I use them to work out in only..
B004ZIXBAY Beetroot purple?! This shoe is extremely comfortable, supportive and breathes well. The color description of "Beetroot Purple"-the oddest color I've ever heard of-is actually just hot pink, as I suspected it would be.
B004ZIXBAY Nice sneakers I just wore these yesterday for an hour at the gym. They were very comfortable and light. I just need to get used to the look, as they seem to fit wide and therefore, look kind of bulky to my eye. However, I have to say, no blisters or soreness.. I have my trusty Asics for heavy duty cardio and these will be my 2nd pair for strength/cardio combos.
B004ZIYSME so comfy I was kinda if-y about buying these. they were adorable but i had bought a pair of nikes from amazon in the past(not this specific seller) that were two different shoes and scared this would happen with these. but nope... they came fast and were perfect... accurate sizing... love them and use them on my treadmill daily and twice to the zoo and once to the fair... very comfy!
B004ZIYSME The best shoes I ever had! This Puma Faas 300 is amazing :-) it is comfy, flexible and so soft. I have wide feet and this works excellent for me.
B00502ZXR8 Puma Drift Cat III L LW Thank you very much, all excellent. Very good Sneakers. That these Sneakers I bought my granddaughter. I really like these Sneakers. I recommend
B005030FES Perfect Boys Fashion & Function These sneakers are true to size great colors and my son says very comfy. I got them for him in this color as well as black and white after having great succes with the durability of puma boys soccer cleats.
B005030IAY $ 40 pair of falling apart after about one month of use. The Padding is coming off while is the sawing is breaking up. I have been buying Diesel sneaker for my boy for many year prior, and they lasted at least six months or more.  This one looks similar to Diesel but is such a disappointment.It is too bad that Amazon no longer carries as many little boy sneakers from Diesel anymore.
B005030TX0 a keeper! my nephew love it and they look great on ! he uses them for school everyday. thank you so much for your promt sevice.
B0050311LE Wonderful Buy These shoes are just as described. They are true to size, the color is wonderful. My 11 year old daughter uses them for indoor soccer and they are good for this. They are comfortable.
B00504CT5U beautiful! This shoe is really wonderful! It is so light and the colors match. Worth the price! I loved it. I recomend it!
B0050D9XSW ok not  what I expected this product. too small Product disappointed the product is ugly for an adult thanks fot this
B0050U20NU Utterly Disappointed I must say I am grossly disappointed with my purchase which was intended as a gift. I was proudly boasting richness of the gift to someone when we discovered that the lighting effect on the right foot the shoe is non-functional!!This defect takes away everything from the shoe. And for this reason it is better to buy some things off the shelf.
B0050U20TY Adorable and quality We've had these shoes for about 6 months and they've held up wonderfully. The material stays cleanish despite many playground romps.
B0050U20TY Look Cool, My daughters feet say otherwise.. The shoes at the tip are very narrow and not made properly for toddlers, after 1 week my daughters feet started to peel skin at the tips of her toes and they are rough to put on with regular socks on even though I ordered them a size bigger due to rapid growth.I dont recommend these shoes and the return policy after 30 days is useless and amazon prime customer support was very rude to me and would not accept my return, Worst service I have recieved since ebay.No thank you, FUMAS
B0050U20TY MISLEADING DESCRIPTION -- DO NOT BUY In the detailed description of the product it is mentioned that the upper is made of synthetic leather, but in the brief description it simply says "leather", which is totally misleading. I am not supposed to read the detailed description to find out that the word "leather" mentioned in the brief description means "synthetic leather".Note that the labels inside the shoes clearly indicate that the upper is synthetic, so it seems that Amazon has posted misleading information on its web-site on purpose.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU DO NOT INTEND TO BUY SHOES WITH SYNTHETIC UPPER!!!
B0050U3W32 NOT LEATHER AS STATED IN THE DESCRIPTION! This was a disappointment as this item was described as leather and is NOT.  It is all manmade according to the information on the product!
B0050U71W0 looks great, but they get dirty SO easily! The material changed to a green hue after a month of wearing, not even on grass
B0050U7C8I AWESOME! My daughter likes the sneakers and she was me to get her more in different colors!Will buy again. Thank you.
B0050UGDJC Lights stopped working after a week Very cute shoes and my little girl swears she runs faster with them. The only disappointment is that the light stopped working on one shoe after a week.
B0050UGDJC True showstoppers! These shoes are very stylish for children.  I bought them because I liked the look.  I was pleasantly surprised the green puma sign lights up when my daughter put them on.
B0050UGDJC Puma ILLUM V light sneeaker are the best in my daughter eyes they are comfortable, and she likes to run just to see them light up. I must also say they are very sturdy to support a very active child. This is our second year getting these type of shoes.
B00513G3JS Great workout pants! Love these pants for the gym, for walks and runs, and just for everyday lounging.  They are made out of very durable material and are very nice quality.  I cannot find anything bad to say about them to speak of and am more than happy that I purchased them!
B00513JG9W Great for work (depends on your work) and play I get compliments on these sneakers all the time (I love compliments). They're comfortable and I've worn them on double shifts waitressing then gone out for drinks. Who wants to wear ugly black leather sneakers? There isn't a lot of cushioning on the bottom so if you have sensitive feet there you might need some kind of insert but that's not insurmountable if you like the way these look. I've worn with and without socks. They're pretty thin all around so I'd call them more of a warm weather sneaker.
B00517MAKK Poor quality My 6 year old was excited about these new shoes but in 2 weeks he had worn a hole in the fabric just by wearing them a couple days out of the week to school. The shoe laces were also breaking. I know he's six and will ruin shoes, but 2 weeks?! Don't waste your money on these.
B00517MAKK My son loved these I only wish that the rubb er would cover more of the toe area, but otherwise I realy like them. My son likes to wear them almost every day to school. Also, the lace comes off pretty easy, even with double notting, so I had to replace the laces.
B00517MAKK Puma sneakers This tennis shoes I like this my daughter bringed those at other country its fit very well thanks for the color and the price
B00517MAU0 sucks!!! its the worst shoes ever it is bad never ever buy it ever it sucks yuck horrible color bad terrible
B00517N9DW Puma Cell Tolero Good pair of sneakers, the insole looks durable. Until now it has resisted my kid's passion for soccer. I hope it last until the end of this year.
B00517ORQ0 PUMAS Excellent all around for sports, comfort, appearance/style, size, and price!!! I have tiny feet and I have to buy children's shoes, and these don't look to childish.
B00517RW8K Different shoes When I received the item the sole of the right shoe was different to the left one, so it's not good to use and play soccer.
B00517T8QO Our Soccer Kid Loves These I played soccer for 10 years growing up, and I would have never been caught dead wearing white cleats.  These days, kids wear all sorts of colored cleats, including white.  Our 12 year old (U13) select club player fell in love with these and they have served him well this season.  They have held up well, and he says they are still comfortable after 9 games and lots of practices.  Plus he has scored 14 goals, so they shoot straight too. ;-)
B00517T9UO Quality Soccer Cleat This soccer cleat was true to size, fit my son well, is constructed well, and the perfect color. My son wanted cleats that stood out, I wanted ones that would stand up to the rigors of little feet pounding around not only the grass but also on the pavement when he's showing them off to everyone in the neighborhood. This did just that. Great quality!
B00517T9UO Fun colors! My son loved these cleats. They were different than what everyone else had. They even withstood my sons bashing. And a trip in the washing machine. They looked brand new again and didn't fall apart. Shipping was quick and easy. :)
B00517T9UO goal WOW!!!! green is my daughter's favorite color and she plays soccer who knew that you could find it both in one shoe, and in her size. she fell in love with them.
B00517U8OU soccer cleats These soccer cleats are fantastic.  The are very good looking, confortable and affordable.  whats not to like. Huge rave in Texas.
B00517UMH8 Puma has been around since I was a kid and everyone wanted them. You know why? Because they're made well and are comfortable to wear! Did I mention very fast delivery - Thank you very much.
B00517UMH8 good quality these cleats are strong and weather resistent. my daughter loved her cleats and the colors were perfect for her uniform that was red and white.
B0051DTTB2 great sweatshirt we are always happy with puma items - the fit is always perfect and the quality is outstanding.  these sweatshirts (bought black and grey) are no different from the rest of their products - outstanding.  my son has a sensory disorder that makes a lot of clothing uncomfortable and these are very soft inside and fit well without binding or being uncomfortable.  they are his first choice when he gets ready to go outside on a cooler day now.  i am sure, based on other puma items we have, that my younger son and even younger nephews will all have a chance to own these shirts as they stand up to washing and wearing very well and will be handed down.  puma is excellent in quality and price.
B0051DTTB2 it's a gift for friends. i don't know if it is suitable for my friend, however it is good when touch. and i like the color.
B0051MQZRE great pants a bit expensive had these reversable pants from and1 tryed to replace them found these. real good replacement a little on the steep side.
B0051MQZRE Puma - Kids Boys 2-7 Reversible pants I purchased these tracksuit pants as our children's school colours are dark green and yellow and they absolutely hate the standard winter tracksuit pants that they have to wear for school. The boys love how comfortable these are and now there is no more fights about not being able to wear shorts to school in winter. The only warning i would give is i bought the size 7 for a very small 8 year old and they only just fit, so might need to go one size bigger then normal.
B0051MR0V4 puma I loved the product, only xl size for my son as being very large'll take this into consideration for my next purchase, ask for brown and black sent me.Although it is satisfied with my purchase
B0051MR230 Puma Reversible Pant Once again very happy with the quality that Puma seems to always have.  No longer able to wear white side out as the mesh material these pants are made of did not clean up very well.  Fit wonderfully!
B0051MR230 well made These pant hold up well even with all the different activities that that are put to the test with. They are also a great look no matter how they are worn.
B0051MR2SU Purchased as a gift I bought this shirt for my cousin for his first birthday.  His parents were thrilled as they are big soccer fans and also like the Puma brand.  Unfortunately they can't get his Puma shoes to go with it since his feet are too wide.  Very pleased.
B0051TJ3NK Love them These shoes were great.  My little boy loved them.  He said they were very comfortable and thought that he looked like a big boy.
B0051TJVJQ Made well and they feel like slippers! I got these shoes for myself, and as soon as I put them on, I thought to myself "WOW!  These feel like slippers!"  These are the most comfortable pair of sneakers that I own.  AMAZING!  I ordered these PUMAs 1/2 size bigger than I normally wear, because I find that this brand in general runs small on my foot.  They are made in Vietnam, made extremely well, and they look even better in person than in the photo.  They are a slightly darker grey than in the picture, and the inside lining and pumas are hot pink.  Even the shoelaces are so well made and match perfectly; they are grey with pink tips.  I love these shoes!!!
B0051TJZTM Disappointed... The picture is not the same as the product I recibed (gray sneakers instead of white...). Very bad trick to sell!!!Really disappointed!!!
B0051TJZTM Gray - not white & shows dirt excessively I agree with the other reviewers that the photo does not match the product.  It is not white, it is light gray - which I saw before ordering and was ok with.  My issue is that these shoes show dirt more than any other shoe I've seen.  My kindergartener wears these, and after just 3 or 4 days at school, they looked filthy.  They do not clean up well either.  I'm a big fan of Puma shoes in general, and especially for children; however, the fabric in this pair missed the mark by a long shot.
B0051TJZTM Daughter says they're comfy. They do appear to let her foot roll out a little bit more than I would like, but my daughter says these are comfy and didn't require much time to break in.  She's sold.  Size was as expected.
B0051TJZTM Photo doesn't match the description The snickers on the photo have stitches on the front and that one that I received - don't! Plus the photo shows white snickers and not gray as mentioned in the product description.Very cheap trick to sell low quality shoes.Very  disappointing.
B0051TJZTM This sneaker (black with blue) is great for an active pre-schooler I saw this shoe online and honestly didn't pay much attention to it initially. I had seen more attractive, presumably strong sneakers but as the saying goes, you snooze you lose. Anyway, my decision came down to this or a pair of Baby Phat sneakers but concluded that the Baby Phat's were a bit too colourful to wear to pre-school and the Puma's looked stronger too. I wasn't 100% fond of buying a pair of sneakers with blue in it for my daughter but given the fact that she ruins Mary-Janes in no time I decided that I wasn't going to spend a fortune knowing her track record. I went with a size 10M as little feet grow in spurts and she was wearing a 9 at the time. She has narrow feet and with thick socks (not very thick but not thin either), this was a good fit, roomy but not falling off. I was a bit concerned that it would be troublesome to clean as it is a (faux) suede type shoe.  However, she wore these to school and came back with them surprisingly clean. Plus she hasn't managed to "kick out" the front of the shoes as she usually does with Mary Janes, or get scuffs in them- which I really like. Additionally, even though it is sized as a M shoe, the make of the shoe looks very neat on her feet (hey that rhymes, lol) so thumbs up for these sneakers. She's been wearing them since August by the way.
B005257OAC Puma Performance White Tee (Long sleeve) My son loves this shirt.  He is a very active kid that usually enjoys short sleeves.  Did not get to hot in this shirt.  Surprised on well it cleaned up every time.  Really thought it would be ruined very quickly with my first grader, but material cleaned up much better then expected.
B005258RIU great looking light weight jacket i bought these jackets for my son and his dance group.they looked really good on and hold up really wellcouldnt beat the price
B0052TSCOK WOW! I love this shirt a lot! The size fits perfectly and it is high quality. The price is definitely a steal since the original was $70, which is still worth it! I highly recommend it!
B0053A2LWC My favorite shoe I purchase Puma H-street sneakers every time Puma re-introduces them. I just wish they would had more (less gaudy!) colors. I toss mine in the washer & dryer when they get dirty and they are as good as new.
B0053A2M3A Minimalist Shoe indeed I love the light weight and the shoes are not designed nor intended to be used for sports such as soccer or tennis. I use them for gym and they offer almost a barefoot type feel. Just what I wanted. I thought they were black and white. I did not realize the stripe was silver until they arrived. It ok though.
B0053A2M3A no support and very thin sole Shoes very thin and sole offer no support......felt like a bedroom slipper.  I returned them immediately.Would last a week if worn every day.
B0053A2M3A Puma H-Streets rock!! Puma H-Streets are awesome minimalist shoes! They've been discontinued twice now so I stocked up with what I could find in my size. I hope I have enough pairs to hold me over until they reintroduce them!!
B0053A2M3A low quality I determined this product was getting returned immediately after recieving it. I think these would have lasted maybe an hour.
B0053A2M3A Best lightweight walking shoe around IMHO Know these are billed as jogging shoes but was attracted to them as hard to fit and saw these were primarily a stretchy mesh construction.  They fit like a dream and wear them around on a day to day basis.  Great support and have gotten some compliments on them too.  The mesh construction allows them to breathe even in hot humid weather.  Very pleased that Amazon carries them!
B0053VMIQU Quality Shirt Initially, I was going to exchange the Tee because it was too big but since Sports Rush went above and beyond for me. I decided to keep it and give it to someone for Christmas.IF YOU NEED SPORTSWEAR I ENCOURAGE YOU TO CINSIDER SPORTS RUSH AS THEY ARE THE STANDARD IN PRODUCT QUALITY AND CUSTOMER SERVICE!
B0053VMIQU Great shirt The color a few months later is still holding strong. red tends to fade and it hasn't. def wash by itself the first time it did bleed a little. low heat tumble dry or the puma logo will fuse together and will appear cracked when you separate it.
B0053VMIQU Puma shirt my husband was obsessed with PUMA & was wanting a shirt with it on it. I found this through a search on google. when he opened it up on Christmas, he was like a kid. Perfect fit & feel! Loved it!
B0053VMIQU BAD these clothes never get to your destination that are irresponsible, are useless, and nadien responsible for these problems .z.zz z
B0053VMJ28 Disappointed to say the least... VERY CHEAP LOOKING!!!  Don't bother with this one, I've returned mine... Very surprised the Ferrari brand would produce such an item.
B0053VMJ28 Overpriced, low quality, but stylish - pay for the Ferrari brand Puma Scuderia Ferrari Track Jacket (Medium, Red)This jacket is about twice as expensive as any comparable polyester track jacket. The bulk of the price probably goes to the officially licensed Ferrari logos and text. Here's the interesting part - the Scuderia Ferrari text on the back is simply printed on the polyester. After a dozen or so washes, the text will definitely come off. The Ferrari prancing horse logo is woven, but it is glued to the polyester! It was already coming off when I removed the jacket from the packaging. The material is very thin, about half the thickness of less expensive track jackets. The sizing is also off because I normally wear Medium, and this jacket in Medium was just RIGHT for the arm length and overall length as if it were painted on. When I raised my arms, I could easily tell the jacket was 1 size too small. So order 1 size up and it won't be too baggy.Overall: 3/5 stars, overpriced but stylish, low quality, the extra money goes into the official Ferrari licensed logo/text which happens to be the lowest quality aspect of the jacket.
B0053VMJDM Excellent materials and quality, great design, overall great value Puma Faas Training Tee (Puma Red / Medium)The Faas training tee is 100% polyester and fits perfectly. I normally wear size medium, and my chest size is 37". The length is perfect, and the sleeves are a good size. The polyester material is really refined. It is advertised as being a USP moisture management system, and feels much like the Alpinestars and Psycleskins undersuit/under-armor that I wear underneath my leather motorcycle racing suit. The purpose of this material is to absorb sweat and prevent damaging the helmet liner /EPS foam or the leather suit itself (at least allows you to wash the liner and not the helmet/leather). It also provides a cooling effect on your skin. When jogging in 100F weather, the Puma Faas performed the same function as my undersuit. I could feel the evaporative effect, and the thinner mesh material on the sides provided additional ventilation due to the improved airflow. The material felt very comfortable against my skin, and the Puma Red is both a safety feature (allows drivers to see me on the road) and something that reminds me of Ducati or Ferrari red. I normally wear Adidas athletic gear, but Puma is very competitive with comparable pricing and designs. I wouldn't hesitate to try other Puma clothing.Puma includes a table of eco-friendly manufacturing practices, and advertised that the polyester was made from recycled materials such as old plastic bottles. These green practices bolster Puma's brand image especially in the current market where sustainability is a hot issue.The only thing I didn't like is the use of sealant logos which are known to come off after multiple washes. I'm not a big fan of these because you're paying more for the Puma brand name, and if that brand logo comes off, then it loses its value. This is one reason why I tend to find less expensive generic brand polyester athletic clothing because I tend to abuse my training gear.Overall: 5/5 stars, great price and value, excellent design and features.
B0053VMMUC Best sport shorts ever! Too awesome.  Pull cord around knee openings, back pocket for my wallet.  Loved it so much, bought 4 in both black and grey.
B0053VMRR0 Great shirt for working out, traveling or just hanging out. I used this shirt while traveling in Europe this spring.  Easy to wash, fast drying and VERY hard to wrinkle!  After returning from vacation, it has become my go-to T-shirt for just about everything.
B0053VMRR0 For me - fits a little small I wear a 42 jacket and wear large in everything I own.  I found these a little tight around the chest and the sleeves a little tigh under the arm.  I think an XL would have been a better choice.  As far as the shirt, it is actually a little warmer working out than I expected - I prefer my regular cotton Ts than this.
B0053VMRR0 very light I love this shirt. it is very light and very comfortable. Of course I don't work out though I use these shirts are pajamas.
B0053VMRR0 Just ok Material was not to my liking. Too long in the body for my liking. Would not recommend it versus other brands
B0053VMRR0 And Quality is PUMA's Name-Ooooh Yeeeaaaahh. Once again, I purr-chased one of the top names in training gear without disappointment.  The fabric is cool and comfortable, more like a second skin.  If you only choose the best to put in your gym bag or locker, get to know the PUMA brand.  You'll rarely be disappointed.
B0053VMRR0 Puma shirt My grandson loves this shirt.  There's a silly thing going around called "pet the puma" and now he's being petted by all the girls!  The shirt is very nice and the shipping was quick.  Thanks.
B0053VMRR0 Fits well This shirt fits me well.  It also keeps me cool and dry, which is exactly why I bought it.  The price was good compared with similar shirts from other brands.
B0053VMRR0 Sizes large... ... as it's more like a large medium but I like it as I wear it as a casual shirt to go out and about versus a workout shirt.
B0053VMUJ0 Ferrari Swag This product came as advertised and is a hit with the ladies. After all, how can one go wrong when wearing Ferrari? Well done Puma!
B0053VMZT0 the price is perfect and quality is great the pant has a high quality built from start.  It is true to the description.  How can u beat it with that name and legend.  perfect item for me.
B0053VMZT0 Comfort and quality I love ordering off of Amazon.com.  I never have to wait very long to receive my order, and these track pants are extremely comfortable and easy to move in.  The fabric is very high-quality, and they fit my body well.
B0053VN10C Disappointed Ordered this sweatshirt for my boyfriend for xmas but when it arrived and I gave it to him on xmas morning it was way too tight. My boyfriend is not a big guy and usually wears a large in regular shirts and prefers xlarge in sweatshirts to be able to wear something underneath. I ordered an xlarge and it was way too tight so the sizes run extremely small. Had to send it back and wait for a refund because it was not exchangeable now the same sweatshirt is unable altogether so he still does not have the sweatshirt.
B0053VNAEO A definate LIKE, Like the fit.  Like the waist band (nice gentle snug fit - Med on a 33.5 inch waist).  Like the length (medium size long enough for my 6'4&#34; height).  Like the color.  Over all - LIKE.
B0053XSTPM Love 'em! So happy with these shoes. Wanted an easy shoe to wear with out socks and just go and these are perfect. Colour is fun and vibrant. A squishier insole than my other Puma's but comfy. Definitely no arch support but I like the low profile style of these. Want another colour!
B00541TQOG Wonderful Great product.  Well made.  Zippers work wonderfully.  Pair this with the Puma lunch tote and your kid will be styling.
B00541TQOG Look cheap I know it's cheap, but it doesn't mean it should look cheap, I returned this one for a refund.I don't suggest buying this item, there are bunch of similar backpacks look much better.
B00541TS3U Alright for the price I wasn't expecting a whole lot simply because of the price, but there is one complaint I wasn't expecting. The way the velcro is positioned, you can't completely close the flap at all. I mean, I realize this wasn't going to be some super insulated lunch bag in the first place, but I would like to at least be able to fully close it....
B00541TURE teenager loveable for school. I purchased 4 bags 2 for each child and I must say they have more enjoyment with this rather than a the 5 backpacks I purchased. The price was outstanding and wish I would have purchased some more for Christmas gifts.
B00542WIIQ So soft! Am very happy with the Puma Hoodie, only dislike would be that it is not very long, and sits just above the hips which is a bit short for me personally, also the sleeves are not very long they sit just above the wrists which i dont like.Other than that the hoodie is very soft inside and out, the colour is very pretty and the puma logo on the front is white with a shimmer to it, very cool, all up pretty happy.
B00542WL9W Fits great the first time only I really liked these shorts right out of the box and when I first put them on. However, after the first time wearing them the waistband is twisted and tangled so it bulges out and rolls over. I now only wear them around the house and not that often. I love Puma quality, but these shorts are lacking.
B005437PAG Puma Women's V1.11 IFG Soccer Cleats Great product at a great price my 13 year old daughter says best cleat yet all around easy to clean and no more trying to tie shoes during the game they stay tied and laces are covered recomended to several players on teams.
B0054D1N7M Order a full size up! For the money these are good, but I expected them to be more comfortable. The uppers are soft real leather that wasn't hard to break in, but the insole is paper thin, so you will want to upgrade it to Dr. Scholl's or Superfeet or something supportive. I'm between a 7.5 and 8, and I got the 8. They still feel tight, and they wouldn't fit my insoles or cushioned socks, so I wish I had gotten an 8.5.  I'm only a B width and there is nothing notable about my foot's anatomy, so they really do fit small. They do, however, help me cut fast in ultimate frisbee!
B0054D25JM Very good for speed and shot It was quite tight when I first put it on. But that is good for performance, maybe.compared to my CTR360, THis cleats emphasize on acceleration and shooting power.That means less ball control and accuracy. Love it anyway.
B0054D2V7S Solid Turf Shoe I played a season on the turf with these and am about to start up a second season.The V5.11's are solid. I've been a longtime Puma fan, so I was first drawn to the styling of the shoe.When I took them to the turf, they held up well. Great traction in dry and sopping wet conditions. Easy to put a good strike on the ball.The fit was true for me. Maybe a bit narrow, as some have said, but not too much so.After a season, they've held up well. Still look good and no major signs of distress.Highly recommend!
B0054D3I3E Puma V1.11 SL white this boot is soooo light.good touch.very comfortable.For SL version, buy 1 size up. I am a size 8, and I need a size 9 in this version of cleats.sole plate is a lil cheap made that's my only complaint (only the mid part is carbon fiber) compare to superfly.Very happy with this boot.
B0054KWWQG Junk!!! All that money spent, and they barely have lasted a year.  Save your money and go to Walmart and buy cheepos, atleast those will last longer
B0054KWWQG Good socks. Pros:Nice looking.Very soft, even after washing.Cons:Design seems to fray a little. It's not serious, it just ends up making the lettering look a little less distinct.Overall:I would recommend these to anyone, and will probably buy more if mine ever wear out.
B0054XVFH0 Great The item came early than expected. I was very pleased. The price was a little too much, but i guess your paying for quality.
B005543Z5S Love These Cats I just received my FAAS 400's and took them for a road run fresh out of the box. Not only did they fit my feet like a glove, but they are so light I could hardly believe it. Nothing but comfort and speed on my run and they look awesome to boot. Buy them if you are a runner that likes comfort and speed along with a bit of style.
B005543Z5S The  Faas and the Furious First off all,I have to say that even before I put them on,I noticed how light they were.How light?I don't have a scale in my apartment,but let me tell you,they are feathery.Very comfortable,no pinching or rubbing was felt anywhere.The lockdown fit is yet to be determined,as I didn't really buy these for running,although I often run to and from the gym in them.I wear them kinda loose,so your fit may be a bit different.They got soaked in an unexpected downpour,so I threw them in the washing machine and let them air dry (took about a day) and they were no worse for the wear...I found out that the higher the number (250,400,500,ets.)denote a higher level of cushioned depending on your needs.Overall,a really good shoe.
B005543Z5S Comfortable, supportive and sleek. Only 20 or so minutes after waking up, I received the package. I was skeptical to begin with(love pumas, but not sure about the whole Usain Bolt facade), however, once I got them out of the package it was hard to retain my cynicism. They already looked good, so I slipped them on and gave them a test. My god..... I don't know how else to put it. Cloud nine comfort, right off the back and I'm a terrible morning person. I then took my dog for a walk/jog, they truly do not disappoint. Their soles are great at gripping most surfaces. In all, worth 50$ anyday.
B005543Z5S Puma Usain Bolt shoes The Puma Bolt Faas 400 shoes are light, comfortable, and have a cool gold thread design of Usain Bolt doing his signature Bolt move on top of the shoe tongue.  Lots of fun!
B005543ZHQ Disappointment in the quality.. Boy oh boy, a dollar just doesn't buy much these days. These shoes are NOT for serious athletes. They don't support my feet well at all. For simple gym workouts, no problem. In less than a few months the glue holding them together  has come apart. I went out and bought some 'shoe goo'. And another, better performing ASIC shoe. You get what you pay for.
B005543ZHQ PUMA Cross Trainers Item arrived as promised on Dec. 22.  It is a Christmas present for our son-in-law and the item was the only shoes in this particular style and had run out of stock on previous order.  Thanks Amazon for getting more and getting them there before Christmas.  Great service!!!!
B005543ZHQ Why smaller? I was expecting to receive the same size as the 7.5 in black that I currently have....:(Oh well, I will survive
B005543ZHQ Not well-constructed. Normally I ignore angry diatribes of 1-star reviews on products, but make this your exception. The construction feels shoddy, and the insole for my right shoe was not set correctly, so it felt like I was walking on the side of the shoe instead of the center. While they look cool, these shoes do not have consistent construction.
B005543ZHQ poor quality Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. It already has two holes from where the material seperated. This is not a high quality item. Normal wear and tear on the shoes
B005543ZHQ Nice looking shoe, that's about it. This could totally be my misshapen feet, but when i ran in these my knees killed.  So bad that I took a week off.  Tried them again yesterday to the effect of immediate pain.  It seems they distribute shock directly up the leg.  Could just be my foot shape doesn't match this shoe.  Selling my pair on ebay to whoever buys...used...shoes......want some shoes?
B005544T94 EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED Took foreverrrrrr to get them but I am very satisfied with the shoes them selves! Good fit and great style.
B005544T94 Attention getter! The shoe is lightweight and very comfortable. I purchased it in red and I receive tons of compliments every time I wear them. They sure grab everyone's attention.
B0055465X2 disappointed the shoe was not true to size out of the box, so i had to return the original 10's and get 9.5's. the laces were short making for a tiny bow.  it looked great brand new but after breaking in, you see that creases on the shoe front are noticeably synthetic and not the leather look i was hoping for.  thus, durability is questionable.  overall, should be worth $30 and not the $45 i paid for. oh, and the tongue is kinda narrow so that your socks' color can be seen at the edges.
B005547MJS delays longer than free 5-more days shipping The last item like this, I purchased was very nice but you could see too much glue between sole and shoe, BUT THE REAZON WHY I AM PUTTING THIS REVIEW, IS BEACUSE WHEN I PURCHASE OTHER ITEMS WITH 5 OR MORE DAYS FREE SHIPPING THEY NORMALLY TAKE 5 DAYS TO DELIVERY, AND I BOUGHTH THIS ONE WITH 3-5 DAYS SHIPPING FOR 4.5 DOLLARS ON MARCH 6th but I just realized they are gonna ship it on march 16th "THAT SUCKS"
B005547MJS Multi Purpose and Super Comfy These shoes are perfect for my lifestyle in the fitness industry. They fit like a glove, the strap as the lace is so convenient to hope into on the go. Everyone likes the uniqueness of the shoe and they lasted me for a long time. ( actually, I could still wear them but not for their original intended purposes).Not useful to run in seriously, but I have jogged around my facility casually in them. Great for lifting, and as always with Pumas I ordered a size up.
B0055523LE Awesome Old School Style I don't find many of the today's "sneakers" to be very visually pleasing so I was excited to be able to buy this old school style Puma on Amazon.  The shoe looks awesome and is very comfortable.  I wouldn't work out in it, but to wear around with jeans it ranks up there with my Sperry Top-siders. I would recommend getting a full size larger.  I wear a 9d dress shoe and ordered the 9.5.  It was a little snug around the front of my big toe so I sent it back and got the 10.
B0055523UU Not the same color. The color of the one in the picture is lighter blue than the one shipped. The one shipped is rather dull.
B0055523V4 Low quality junk I bought these direct from puma's website.Had to get multiple replacements on this shoe like I did on the puma osuran's due to shoes keepshowing up defective.I had to get 3 replacements of this shoe due to them coming discolored.Instead of them being green and grey like the picture they come dirty looking on one shoe,and this was two pairs so fair.I will stay away from puma and try Nike,Adidas, or New Balance runner as puma shoesare poor quality these days.The puma osuran's I ordered from puma directly came in worst shape.You Have Been Warned.
B0055523WS Perfect! Just what I expected! Very confort in all ways. I was looking for them for 4 months. Now I finally have them.
B0055523WS My Puma California's did not last one week The soles of the sneakers disintegrated after only 30 hours of use . I have never seen anything like it they were leaving chunks of the soles everywhere I went. Since these were a gift and I did not start wearing them for almost a year, I contacted Puma directly. Puma customer service was no help. They offered me 20 percent off on a new pair of Pumas. I sent them photos and even offered to ship them the barely used sneakers. Puma was once a good company they have gone downhill.
B0055523WS they are exactly what i wanted shoes got here in perfect condition. they are exactly what i was looking for and they look great. i had my doubts before about getting them or not but im glad i did. thx
B0055523WS puma mens california I'm not sure whether the shoes are original or not Otherwise all good ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
B005552422 Comfortable I first saw this in a nearby golf shop. Although they had the right size, they didn't have the color I wanted. Fortunately Amazon did. This shoe is well suited for walking. I guess that's important if you're walking a few thousand yards on the links. It doesn't have grip like typical golf shoes so I can wear it anywhere or just to the driving range.
B005552422 EXCELLENT excellent shoe, very comfortable and pleasant to walk, I recommend it to everyone, actually exceeded the expectations I had about the product
B005552422 happy feet my son and his own style he likes them and thats what matters. He wears them constantly everwhere even to bed.
B005552422 Great shoes Really comfortable and durable. No real arch support to speak of, but very comfy and capable of traversing long distances. Lasted for about eight months with daily walking (about 3 miles each day) but then, like all other Pumas I've had, got a big hole in the sole and I had to toss them.
B005552422 Perfect Arrived right on time and looked exactly as pictured. Great fit and everything! Already got a bunch of compliments on them!
B005552422 steel grey , fit a lot of colors grey jeans, grey shirt, grey belt with that PUMA,you are wantedi wish i wouldn't take it out.I am on my forth day with it,I am going ahead for a fifth.
B005552422 detail i wish the detail was better; Puma El Ace 2 PN Fashion Sneaker,Birch-Grape Leaf-Jaffa Orange,6.5 D US/8 B USi ask my friends and no one knew what the sizes meant. i thought it was an 8 but it turn out to be a 6.5. very disapponited 1st time buy from Amazon. i think it would help if there was just one number instead of have different numbers for sizes.
B005552422 Puma It came really quickly and my hipping was the standar... New and beautyfull.. Are really confort.. The price was perfect..
B005552422 Reject item The shoe I received was obviously a reject pair, there was a huge white tag under the mess webbing which isn't supposed to be there and you can't get at it unless you cut into it.
B005552422 Look nice I ordered these shoes on Friday (Dec 16) and received them today (Dec 19) didn't really expect them till tomorrow as it was suppose to be delivered .Really satisfied on that part, as for the shoe I ordered them as a Christmas present for my husband and im pretty sure he will love them. I guess well have to wait and see what he thinks. But overall looks like a bad ass shoe lol.
B005552422 OUCH! Nice design... but the soles are void of any traction.I slipped while walking on a pavement after the rain.I tried to break my fall with my hands and sprained my wrists as a result.
B005552422 Love the look, quality sucks. After three months of wearing these ONLY on the weekends the inner back of the shoe (where your heel rubs) is torn to shreds.  At the moment you can't see the frayed inside while wearing it, but I would give it another 2 months or so until it becomes noticeable damage seen even while the shoe is worn.
B005552422 Cost of returning items 3 stars for the item itself.  Wish they'd fit.0 STARS FOR THE $9.90 it cost to return them to Kentucky.  Trust I'll be reimbursed/given credit for that expense.  I'd appreciate a response on that issue.Thnx.
B005552422 Excellent Took a little longer to receive than I anticipated,  but the wait was worth it.  Solid construction,  fit to size, feels great,  and VERY comfortable.  I say buy !
B005552422 Love It Simple and worth ever penny spent.  Looks neat with any type of dark jeans. Would have preferred some inner padding but well you get what you pay for so not complaining too much about it.
B005552422 Sizing is right on - lightweight, but top gets stiff in cold I like these shoes. They're comfy and light. The sizing is perfect - I ordered my normal size. My only complaint is that in cold weather the top (above the toes) is a bit stiff and uncomfortable. I haven't been in really cold weather yet, so I assume they'll get even worse. But for summer wear, I like them.
B005552422 Fell apart in 1 month These shoes had the sole seperate from the heel within 30 days of owning them.  Not recommended even though I liked the looks.
B005552422 Love the Look I liked these for my husband, because he is kind of known for wearing the saddle oxford style of shoe for most of his life, and this reminded me of that style.  He works with teenagers, and they think these are cool!  He says they are very comfortable.
B0055528IM Wrong sizes Had to send this product back because the sizes are very misleading. Ordered one size and it was the wrong one because of how they are displayed. Also, the blue shown on the shoe is really more of a purple than it looks in the picture.
B0055528IM Awesome! My 16 year old son bought these for everyday use. He claims they are one of the most comfortable sneakers he has owned. He has gotten numerous compliments on them by his friends. True to size. Shipment received before they were due to arrive - Yay!
B0055528IM sent wrong size The website description is confusing - it says 11.5 US/13 D(M) - (the 'M' stands for Male).  I ordered and thought I was getting a 13D but rec'd an 11.5.  However, customer service, as usual, was very good and credited my acct, within 2 days and sent me a return label for UPS (free return shipping).  The customer service rep simulated buying the shoe and told me how to overcome the apparent gliche on the website.  So I ordered a 15D in order to get the 13.5D.  This gliche might be fixed by the time you read this but &#34;hats off&#34; to Amazons Customer Service.....they are excellent and very professional.  The shoes themselves are great - I'll rate the new ones when they arrive.
B005555GP4 Pretty awesome I love these shoes. They are stylish and simple at the same time. Plus the prize does not hurt the wallet.
B005558HJG Awesome! Loved them, fit perfect when I got them. Very comfortable and stylish colors as pictured. I've had them probably four or five months now still like new def recommend!
B00555AO2E Great style, poor construction Shoes started to fall apart after one month of use.I loved the grey and maroon combo and the style is cool.Hopefully I can get it replaced under warranty.
B0055BZJGY Very useful, confortable and practical Do not have laces which makes putting them on and take them off easy. I suffer from arthritis and I have little strength in my hands. for me have been very useful, comfortable and practical.
B0055EK16Y A LOVELY SHOES A LOVELY SHOES... Sleek style got it muted colors. Very soft base. Comfortable to use and lightweight. Suitable for use in an indoor hall.
B0055PMAEE Awesome! With most low-tops, I tend to get blisters and whatnot.  These pumas, however, are made of pretty soft fabric and the bottom is super cushy.  Can wear them with or without socks and have no issues.  They're probably the best low top shoes I have owned to date.  Plus the color's awesome.
B0055QR480 As expected I have bought many times in this website, and I  have no complaint about any of my purchases.You could be sure that you are buying original products. As always no problem with this item.
B0055QR480 Nylon eyelets BREAK I really like the look and fit of this shoe. However, and this is a big HOWEVER, it has nylon strap-loop eyelets on one side that easily break. I only had this shoes for a few months before one broke, and I didn't even wear them everyday. It's hard to tell from the pictures what I am talking about. The eyelets on the outer side are the standard leather-punched holes. On the inner side, all but the last two eyelets are actually thin strips of corrugated nylon stitched in a loop. This lets the laces tuck under the leather to not block the large PUMA logo on that side. The nylon (or maybe the stitching) is not strong enough to handle normal lacing when you put on your shoe.I gave it 2 starts since they did an outstanding job when it comes to aesthetics. It's not enough to make up for poor product testing, though. There's no point in buying these shoes ever again if they are just going to break.
B0055QRPFM The Item Never Arrived This is a very deplorable customer service; I bought the Puma Sneaker and as a Prime subscriber believed the item will arrived on time, 10 days after I bought the item I receive and email that is out of stock; for me is unbelievable that they promote products that clearly state that they are available and later they decide that "Ohh We're sorry but we don't have it anymore". In the first place as a merchant you have to publish an accurate inventory status so customer can be served with the requested product.I am very sorry to deal with such an inefficient customer Service; hope that no other customer has to expirience the frustration I have now, and I'm trying to keep the argument civilized because my guts tell me to respond in more visceral manner.Joel
B0055QRPFM Nice and eye catching Grab one of these before they disappear from the market; they are nicer than the new model with velcro. Now I own 2 of them, the red and the black. I might get a white one as well:)Make sure you get at least 1/2 a size larger.
B0055QSNPS Bowling shoes? The shoe on-line looks much better than in person.  I had various people ask if I was wearing bowling shoes.  Thatsnot what BuckeyeNation wants to hear.  I got a image to keep.
B0055X9J0O Don't waste your money. I've been looking for a decent sneaker for a long time, something that wouldn't break the bank but still was something that would match with most outfits.  This shoe, however, was a waste of money.  It literally came in a shoe box that was 2 inches tall, because the shoes have no upper support...at all.  They are flimsy and the torn part doesn't look as attractive in person as it does in the picture.  Returning immediately.
B0055XBD80 Puma They are a little bit bigger than my other Puma Imani. What is strange because it is the same size.But the are ok.Irma
B0055XBD80 Looks great, but an ouchy heel I really like the look of this shoe, and it certainly goes with lots in my wardrobe. It fits like a glove and is of high quality. Unfortunately it does tend to pinch a bit at the back of the heel, so i don't wear these shoes on days when there's lots of walking to do.
B0055XBD80 Awesome! Super comfy! Easy slip-on! Love these! I have the green and yellow ones too! Only drawback was this pair was not all suede...the solid blue part is leather, which is better. I just expected them to be the same as my green and yellow ones...all suede. Oh well! I still love them and they're super comfy! Perfect season apparel for Brewers season!
B0055XBNG2 Meh I've had these for quite awhile, but rarely wear them anymore.  They fell apart pretty quickly, so I just keep them for something easy to slip into for errands.  The fit okay, not very comfortable for all day wear.
B0055XBNG2 MOST COMFORTABLE STREET SHOW EVER!!! I wear these commuting to and from work (keep my office heels under my desk).  After wearing these for about a week I bought four more pairs in other colors!  I also wear them for weekend stuff like visiting nature preserves where I'm on a path rather than a trail.  At least once a week women come up to me and ask where I got those great looking shoes and are they as comfy as they look!TOTALLY recommend them. (Go to a Puma outlet to figure out your correct size then shop on line as they will be one-third cheaper.)
B0055XEKDK Puma 2012 I am reviewing PUMA new manufacturing changes.  The straps have been made thinner and shorter.  I have older PUMA's and they fit wonderful.  These just did not fit the same.  The store had nothing to do with it, it is a manufacturing change that didn't work for me.
B00562KI36 original item Very good and fast shipping,  item received as it shown in the site.
B00569FKLE Awesome ballet flats Bought this ballet flat when it was a brand new design - the Espera I - 4 years ago and loved it then, still using them today.  I tried on this flat at a Puma store recently; Puma has really modified/improved the original model.  These flats provide your feet sufficient support while looking stylish.  I actually wear these with nice slacks and skirts on casual dress days at the office and receive many compliments on them.  Just remember to order a half size up.
B00569FWJ4 Really comfortable but best for wider feet I bought these as an easy slip on, slip off option. While they were true to size from a length perspective, the structuring on the sides is lacking and felt really loose and unstable. While they are really comfortable on the sole and are lightweight, I ended up returning them because of the width being too loose.
B00569GP2M just amazing these shoes are exactly what I wanted and well worth the price. in stores they go for around 100- 125 cdn. fantastic find on amazon.com
B0056F5AC2 Ricky Fowler Move Over Puma has the look. Bright colors and great designs mark this light sweater for golf or after golf. Comfortable, colorful and true to size.
B0056F5EXW An attractive jacket I have had several compliments on the jacket and it goes well with a white drivers hat.It's comfortable zippered jacket made of knit fabric. I find it comfortable from 55 F to 70 F.The white color is good for visibility at night.
B0056PKCCK Problems with color! The color is not the same as the picture! the front is like a plastic coated-fabric that deforms! but the shoes are comfortable!
B0056PKCCK sweeeet Hopefully these fit - I am a die-hard Puma fan (men's old school style) so I know they can run a bit smaller. My son wears an 11.5 in Nike's, so I got him a 12.  The canvas is a tad bit lighter than in the picture, other than that - true to the description.
B0056PKCCK The color in the picture is definitely off. I love the shoe and the style in the picture, but when I receive it the color was definitely a little different.  The dark brown in the picture is correct but the light brown is definitely more of a darker khaki color and doesn't match as many of my clothes as I had hoped.
B0056PKGV2 Decent Good all around shoe, not much else to say, could be more durable...need a couple more words...okay three more. bla
B0056PKGV2 Urgent :( I sent a shoe color was not .. as we could do to make a change? I hope your answer
B0056X0FVK thin tread,, the marshmellows on the side are only for decoration width is nice for my wide feet. I am disapointed .. I thought the tread would be cushy.. it's not. cute look.. butI bought them to walk my dogs..
B0056YCZ5S Great sneakers! I love these shoes! The only problem isn't I didn't order multiple pairs, as I think I will have worn these through in less than a year. Not because they are poorly constructed but because I wear them for EVERYTHING.They have great support, even for my high arches. They are soft and flexible making them very comfortable to move in and wear all day. Super light so I don't tire so easily on runs and hikes. I don't have enough good things to say! Puma is the best!
B0056YD1QK I like mine! I got these just before St. Patrick's Day.  I was hesitant to wear new shoes on a 4 mile run but they were the perfect color.  They worked out great and I find them very comfortable.  They fit very well.
B0056YH1PW Love these shoes They look better in person, come with a handy carrying bag, and are so far incredibly comfortable. As a bonus the packaging is environmentally friendly :)
B0056YJD08 Headturner!!!!!!!! An awesome shoe that still turns heads! I have had these shoes for months, and they perform greatly. The lime green works great as a reflective product, and the Puma mold has been refreshing to train in.
B0056YJJNO Comfy I always get compliments for these shoes. They are comfortable but I have one complaint. They have have a lack of arch support. After walking in them all day at work I noticed the lack of arch support. I only wear them for short shifts.
B0056YQPA4 great cleat Love them i can use them on any type of pitch, they really help you to moveLove em. :)
B0056YQYTQ Very comfortable FootWear. the bottom is solid .  The insole is soft.  The football shoes is very light.  It protects  your  feet  well.  the design is off he chain.  This I will recommend  and a must get  for my friends.
B0056YR3N2 perfect There was a small scratch , and the company offered all assistance immediately and replaced what is necessary.It is a great shoe, I can buy one more whenever same one will be back to the marketI can recommend to all players!
B0056YR3N2 Works Freat for me!! I have been playing with my shoes for over 6 months now. I am attached firmly to the ground and no one gets by me.
B0056YR3N2 reasonable price and quality I got this based on the fact that I play soccer only on holidays. The price was reasonable and the quality of it isn't bad so overall I like it. if you play more often you might wanna go for something with better quality though
B0056YRCTW Great classic reasonably priced cleat So I'm what most consider to be an old school soccer guy at this point.  I remember playing league soccer before shingards were mandatory.  Anyway I really like this pair of boots.  So much so that this is the second pairs that I've bought over the past six years.  They really hold up and comfortably mold to your foot.  My one recommendation is to be sure to treat this or any cleat with some mink oil when you first buy them.  It helps break them in and the added waterproofing really helps a shoe to last.I like the length of the studs on the bottom as they are long enough for any grass field condition and yet can still be played on a turf field in a pinch.  Quality shoe at a reasonable price.  I would definitely buy them again!
B00573UJEW Quality I bought these trainers for my husband.  Normally he wears his trainers out super fast but these have lasted longer then other sneakers we have purchased.  He is a soccer coach and plays quite regularly.  I would definately purchase these again for him.
B0057DPSQG Bad quiality, wrong Size Dont buy them!! They arrived and were one ot two sizes bigger than expected!. The I washed them and got even bigger!!!  Hate them!
B0057DPSQG For hotties with bodies I was hoping these would fit my husband just a little bit more snugly but  the loose fit is seemingly extra comfortable on him. Really happy with the look of the pack and glad there was variety in buying the three together. The material is soft and opens in the front (from the right I noticed... wonder if they make underwear for lefties...) I'm totally happy with them, and more importantly, husband is also. Would definitely repurchase.
B0057DPSQG Puma I am a big fan of Puma products.The products I have purchased earlier are all to my satisfactory .So is even this product
B0057DPSQG Allergic The tag on the back of the under-ware is not good at all, when u wear it, it becomes very itchey and uncomfortable. I would not buy it again, sorry, but they should go tag less and then I would probably give them a rating. Other than that, I wasted my money!
B0057DPSQG not a boxer brief after wearing the boxers for only a couple of hours, they loosen up and become really baggy. i've been much happier with the adidas version.
B0057DPSQG Weird Fit I described the fit as somewhat small, but to be more accurate, the fit is just a bit odd. When wearing them under business casual clothing or even at the gym, the underwear gives you the wedgie effect. Not very appealing. The quality in general is good, but maybe it is my body, they dont fit right.
B0057DPSQG Big They are a lot bigger than I would like them to be  maybe I can get them to shrink in dryer.
B0057DPSQG poor quality these look nice but you can see thru them after first wash, also sixing is wrong they are more like long shorts for a medium! service was fast and courteous tho
B0057DPSQG the fit is just ok If the price is right, I might buy these shorts again but the fit and material is just so so
B0057DPSQG Too large Large I wish I could return them but I can not. This is very frustrating as I have bought them before and they fit fine. But these don't.
B0057DPSQG Smooth! The first thing I thought of when I slipped these bad boys on, Ned Flanders couldn't have said it better himself.  "Feels like I'm wearing nothing at all!"These are extremely soft and comfortable, it literally felt like I wasn't wearing briefs at all.  I think the big reason for that is that the strap isn't super tight.  That could be good or bad.  You don't really feel the elasticity, hence more comfortable, but I suppose some wearers could get the sense that they are constantly slipping.  I didn't.The style is really great too.  The Puma logo is a pretty cheap iron on decal sort of thing so that'll probably crack/peel off after a few washes (if that sort of thing bothers you)
B0057DPSQG Very disappointed I like Puma.  Always been my go to soccer boot.  Love their casual shoes as well.  Got a quality pair or two of socks as well as some shirts also.  Felt they would be good quality briefs also.  Way wrong.  I'm a 3: waist, right in the wheelhouse for the medium size.  They are not very snug at the waist and do not gather at all on my thighs.  I do not have the legs of a bird and every brand I have ever bought fit my thigh very well.  These are awful!  And the fabric is very, very thin.  Wish I could return them.
B0057DPSQG The sizing chart was nowhere close The quality of the items were quite good, but the sizing chart supplied to estimate was way wrong. The "large" size was way larger than the 36-38 estimate given. Should be looked at again.
B0057DPSQG Perfect fit! Quality product and prefect fit! I usually always have problems finding boxer briefs that fit right. My waist is a size large but most fit tight in the thighs. Well for most boxer briefs anyways but not these! They fit perfect! And they sill have a snug fit like boxer briefs should. If you have the same problem, don't worry about these guys, order away! Quality waist and thigh band, which should last a long time. They look great too. A+!! I'm ordering another set now
B0057DPSQG Either their fabric or Sizing has changed I've worn the medium Puma boxer brief for years, but then I recently got some mediums they were almost falling off, so I switched to the smalls, which are still kind of surprisingly loose.Either they've tweaked their sizing, or the fabric isn't holding it's cling like it used to.
B0057DPSQG Great Underwear! These boxer briefs fit well and are stylish. I have several pair of Pumas and will continue to buy them in the future. I used to wear Banana Republic or Ralph Lauren, but now I wear these instead. Recommend this product.
B0057DPSQG Sizing is off Only medium sized briefs that I have purchased that do not fit properly. More of a large and does not retain shape well.
B0057DPSQG Great fit, super soft. I really like the fit and feel of these briefs. The main seat of the boxer is snug, while the legs are a little loose on me. I like that because it feels like I have good support, but there is not so much elastic that it feels like they are constricting my thighs. Overall, this is a great hybrid between a brief and a boxer.
B0057DPSQG lightweight and nice fit I was diappointed by the construction of the Hugo Boss brand, so I gave these a try.  The material is pretty lightweight yet durable and does not tend to stretch out during the day.  So far so good after a few months.
B0057DPSQG Order 2 sizes smaller than you wear These boxers run very big. I suggest you order 2 sizes smaller than you need. By the time you figure it out, it's too late to return since the product is open. Good luck with these.
B0057DPSQG sizes run WAY too big! I typically wear a Medium. Got a three pack of M's and they are way too baggy. Feel like an XXL.  I haven't been able to wear them so I can't comment on their durability.
B0057DPSQG PUMA-WEAR Never write a review too soon. I'm gonna see if I can get a refund on these shorts. You would think since Puma has been in business for a long time they would have a quality garment, but what do you expect from a bunch of 'Out Sourcing', we need to have more items made in the U.S.A. with pride. If's a damn shame we have to support every other damn country but our own. Get the damn 'liberals' out of the way and put sweat shops back in the U.S.A. so the 3rd world immagrants can make a living here.Well, this was my initial review for the Puma shorts: "These are great shorts for a terrific price. They fit good, stay in place and don't bind while keeping your personals in the right area and they are cool and breath well." However, after the third (3rd) washing the waste band is loosing it's elasticity and the shorts do not stay in place as I previously stated. If Puma can not make shorts that will withstand 3 washes then don't sell them; have some pride !!
B0057DPSQG is ok A little big normally in use m but this come bigger like the other brand s anyway is ok I have no time to return and change
B0057DPSQG very confortable boxer briefs I have to admitted that they are really confortable as expected, not bad for the price, it feels that can desipate the heat very fast. overall I am really happy for my purchase.
B0057DPSQG Fit is LARGE, stamped label is unbearable Make no mistake about it, these sizes run LARGE. But the bigger problem is the label, which is stamped into the inside back of the boxers with a sort of rubbery paint that sticks to the tender skin at the bottom of your spine. It is so awful these boxers pretty much can't be worn. I'm throwing them away.
B0057DPSQG Great underwear My best friend recommended this underwear. I told him I normally wear briefs and don't like boxer briefs, but he insisted, so I bought them and wear them all the time now.
B0057DPSQG Puma shorts Shorts:Best boxer shorts I have ever worn, and I'm 82 years old.That says a lot, pleasing an old coot like me!
B0057DPSQG Holes after one washing One pair of the three had two holes near the seam after one washing. They fit well and feel comfortable, but I'm quite disappointed the one has holes already.
B0057DPSQG Most Comfortable Underwear Ever I was a boxer guy for at least 10-15 years, then randomly had a discussion with a friend of mine from work about how boxers ride up sometimes at our job, he said he switched to boxer-briefs a while back and I tried some hanes because who doesn't like Michael Jordan.  They were alright, but still mostly wore just standard boxers.Decided to try these out just recently and I've clearly never known comfortable underwear until now.  These are perfect, they fit perfect, their thin and light but sturdy, soft, flexible.  These are awesome - never knew what comfortable underwear felt like until now!
B0057DPSQG Not boxer briefs These are essentially boxers made out of the material traditionally used for boxer briefs but not as strong. They stretch quickly and become loose while wearing. They return to their original shape and fit when washed. They aren't uncomfortable but I won't be buying more.
B0057DPSQG Quickly loses it's shape and gets baggy. It looked good, but just in couple of weeks it lose its shape and got baggy.Not too bad for its price.
B0057DPSQG Uncomfortable These fit great unless you're planning on walking, sitting, or anything else requiring movement. They'll ride up in places you didn't even know you had! Presto change-o, they're a thong!
B0057DPSQG Great These are soft and comfortable.  The material is on the thinner side which is more comfortable and breathes better than some of the other brands and styles.  Great to wear with shorts as they are not longer on the leg, but they are not so short that they ride up.
B0057DPSQG Very Comfortable but NOT Durable! These boxer briefs are very comfortable to wear; however, they don't hold there shape well throughout the day and the fabric wears thin very quickly.  After five to six washes I noticed small holes around the band and in the in-seem areas.  These briefs are too expensive when you consider the durability issues.
B0057DPSQG Nice construction but did I lose weight? I had Puma boxer briefs of some other variety a while back and liked them, so I thought I'd try these. I'm 5'9" 165-170 lbs and a true medium. These things made me feel like I was 10 and putting on my dad's underwear. Just way too big.Lots of other reviewers here say the same thing, so I guess it's not just a mis-marked batch. Too bad. Fabric is great, elastic band seems very good... just too stinkin' big (that's what she said)!
B0057DPSQG PUMA Boxer Brief The best i ever owned I aways hated wearing boxers that fit like shorts aka baggyThese are made to stretch and they do, they fit so comfortable,cool, the material is so well made they don't even tear. I tried to tear them and couldn't. This is a big improvement from going from something that fit like shorts.
B0057DPSQG Wrong size These are HUGE.  The package on the outside said Youth Large, but the product is maybe a men's XL?  Crazy huge.
B0057DPSQG Soft but large Very comfy, very soft material, XL is still quite large for my 220lb husband, it is not like a underwear but a trunk.
B0057DPSQG Baggy A tiny bit baggy, I guess I expected compression shorts but they're super comfy and soft which is nice .
B0057DPSQG For My Husband I bought these for my husband who wears compression underwear... they were not what he wanted. However, they are very, very soft and he says they are comfortable. I figure 20 for three is a way better price than the 20 a pair I usually pay!
B0057DPSQG Can't go wrong. These are great for almost any situation. Comfortable feel, appropriate hold and quality of material seems just right. My wife bought me a pack and I've sincd replaced most of my underwear drawer.
B0057DPSQG dosen't fit good I ordered a small as i have a 29 inch waist. These boxers have a 34 inch waist, at least. They can not stay on my body. I will buy from a different brand in the future. I even washed and dried them several times on high heat, still way too big for me. The elastic waistband might need to be cut and re-sewn together at a smaller circumference.
B0057DPSQG too loose around legs They aren't bad just like to have them a little tighter in the couch area around the leg openings. But they feel nice you don't even feel like you have them on otherwise.
B0057DPSQG Just OK........no bad....(see update) Decent for the money.....kind of cheap feeling material.  Something to wear to the gym or work, nothing more.  Doesnt really hold shape too well.  UPDATE>>>>>>POORLY MADE....after a few weeks of wash and wear..holes in the waistband already! DO NOT BUY
B0057DPSQG Stay Away I purchased this along with 2 other named brand boxer briefs(Kenneth Coles and Reebok brands). I would wear a pair to the gym about 2-3 times a week. These boxers lost elasticity and their fit within the first 4 weeks. By the 6th week they began to tear at the waist. I have NEVER seen this happen before with any of my other name brand boxers. Shocked at the deplorable quality of this product, I contacted Puma and here is the response from their customer service:&#34;We are sorry to hear that you are dissatisfied with your products. After further review we have determined that the issue you are seeing with your products is not a result of any defect in the material or workmanship.&#34;It is one thing to make such a poor quality product. I am VERY disappointed that PUMA will not take responsibility. None of the other named brand Boxers I bought about the same time have given way and I still use those when I am working out-4 months later they are still a perfect fit. All 3 Puma briefs in this pack are going to the trash now. Stay away.
B0057DPSQG Thanks Thanks, looks and feel great !! Puma Men's 3Pack Volume Boxer Brief, Black/Red, Large Why do I need 14 more words ??
B0057DPSQG My stuff These boxers keep all my stuff exactly where it needs to be, plus they're stylish, would definitely recommend!  Love them!
B0057DPSQG Puma Men's 3Pack They were too large and even when used by a bigger person (my brother) they didn't fit as expected. Didn't like them at all!
B0057DPSQG Iron on label inside sticks to my back side. I love the fit + the shorts but in warm weather the iron on label inside sticks to my back side. It's very uncomfortable.
B0057DPSQG Comfy and sturdy. My son is so picky about his under garments. He prefers to wear these as they are comfortable and wash nicely.
B0057DPSQG good deal work well. My 11 yr son really wanted these for Christmas.  He is most pleased to have them and they fit him well. Can't complain when I have a modest priced gift and a happy kid.
B0057DPSQG Wore them once and threw them in the trash These are made of subpar fabric and did not fit.  I am a Medium in every other brand and these are not sized properly.  I would suggest sizing down if you are interested in these underwear or just get a different brand.
B0057DPSQG what a disappointment I have purchased products from Puma in the pass but this one is worhtless. The size states small but the fit feels large. The material is cheap. I buy sports underwear due to my activity load and these guys didn't make the cut. I am dissapointed and would not recommend this product.
B0057DPSQG Buy these They are so comfortable. I do IT in a machine shop so I am constantly in and out of a hot and AC environment. These are high quality and have wear comfortably. They do not ride up and stay comfortable on the hot days. Would recommend... If the topic were to come up.
B0057DPSQG droopy put a pair on and thought ......these should be snug fitting not loose boxers. anyone buying these.....if the size graph tells you to buy medium , trust me , buy small.
B0057DPSQG Sizes run high For some brands Large are too big, and others medium are too small. In this case, Large was way too big and even medium was a bit large. Other than that they are great, but if you're like me and are kind of in between two sizes def go with the lower for this
B0057DPSQG gift Brought these for my son  (stocking stuffers). I  had purchased a few others and he loved how they fit. I am starting early with my Christmas shopping so I thought let me fill his stocking with practical gifts. I sm certain he will like it
B0057DPSQG Pumas Men's Boxer Brief I purchased for my husband who has a athletic build, small waist and muscular thighs.  He has a difficult time finding comfortable boxer briefs.  He has a size 30 waist and typically a size Medium fits the waist but is snug in the thighs with other brands.  These fit great, wear well with his active lifestyle and are super soft.  We will be ordering more!
B0057DPSQG They're OK. In all honesty, I LOVE my UA underwear but they are pricy for a man on a budget.  I was looking for something comparable with a better price tag and that's why I bought these and for what they are, they are OK.  Better than your typical Wal-Mart brand underwear but Under Armour they are not!  THESE ARE 100% COTTON.  GOOD COTTON Mind you! But they will stretch as you wear them and will not feel tight on you.  That being said, I have a 35 inch waist- 34's are snug on me and size 36 feels too big.  These in a SIZE L feel like a size 36 to me.  But they were still a good deal for the price.
B0057DPSQG These are great! I dont know why so many people say they dont fit or wear out This is the 4th pack Ive bought and I absolutely love them. I first bought these when I was looking for boxer briefs that would be comfortable for day to day wearing as well as for workouts. These fit exactly as they say, in my case large. Im only starting to buy some new ones after many months of wearing the ones I first bought. The elastic didnt start wearing down until a years time give or take but even then theyre totally manageable but like all things sooner or later you have to replace them. Thats my 2 cents.
B0057DPSQG Boxer briefs? These boxers are too loose, more like boxers than boxer briefs. Nice fabric just not great for support or comfort.
B0057DPSQG best boxers on market I'm a big fan of puma boxers.  There a bit pricey, but they are my favorite boxers.  I love them.
B0057DPSQG Keeps things in the right places Great product and fast delivery as well
B0057DPSQG Well made These boxers are very comfortable to wear, the fabric is different than most. the only negative ia they do slide down after a while
B0057DPSQG Still great. One gripe though. I've been buying and wearing these for years. My go-to choice for boxer briefs. I'm an average sized person and the small is loose on me. One gripe though: beware that they replaced the tag (which you used to be able to cut or rip off) with one of those silkscreen images printed directly onto the fabric. This lands right at the base of my back and tends to stick to my skin when I sweat. I find myself constantly having to pull it off my skin while I'm exercising or working in the yard and it looks remarkably like I'm pulling out a wedgie.
B0057DPSQG Very comfortable I am all for underwear that is comfortable. I am not a fan of that elastic waist band, prefer underwear that is overhead with cloth. And the label is on the outside. This still look good after a number of washings. Would buy again
B0057DPSQG Comfort, Style, and Quality I usually wear the under armor but sometime they chafe the skin.  The fabric is soft and they are loose enough in the leg and crotchal region to allow for athletic movement. I love most puma products, so trying these was a no brainer. I highly recommend for active people seeking a fairly snug fit with room in the right areas. Good work, Puma.
B0057DPSQG Nice quality want the whole collection I got these on a lightening deal and never looked back I wish I can find the rest of the collection in a gold box.
B0057DPSQG Runs a little big. I am a natural medium and thats the size I got and they are a bit too big for me. I'm gunna keep them because their comfortable but beware of sizes.
B0057DPSQG Not what I was expecting It fits around the waste but now around my thighs. It's not as comfy as I was thinking it would be.
B0057DPSQG mens boxers Great product. My husband had now only bought this brand of men's boxers. Thanks puma we will be buying more
B0057DPSQG Too large for medium It is even for US sizes kind of big for medium size, however the quality of the product is perfect
B0057DPSQG Don't waste your time These are very disappointing.  I should have heeded that reviews.  It's not that they relax a little and you should order a size smaller, its that they are such terrible quality the material stretches out after one wear and has NO elasticity.  They should sell these as loose boxers not boxer briefs.  Plus the material pills up and sloughs off even after one time wearing them.I'm going to send back a few pair of these dirty undies.
B0057DPSQG Athletic Cool Cut Look Very cool red outer stitching and laminated Puma logo. Well made and stylish and have a distinguishable Puma appearance. The fit isn't as comfortable as I thought it would be though.
B0057DPSQG super comfy. breathable!! soft!  the only thing that bothers me about these particular undies is that the label on the inside of the waist gets annoying. but all in all these are a snug light responsive pair of underwear.
B0057DPSQG Cheap construction One of the three pairs arrived with a hole (more like missing stitching) around the waistband. If you're looking for good underwear, get some made in America, by people who know what quality means. Go check out Flint and Tinder. They make me want to burn the other 2 pair in this 3-pack.
B0057DPSQG larger than label Ok but thin materials and they are too large for the  medium label avoid these there better choices out there
B0057DPSQG Love them and so does she... I think they fit and feel great, no grinding as you wear them, no bunching as you walk... loose in the genital area but tight on the legs (just right tight)... get them... my wife loves to grab my junk through them and wants me to wear them (and nothing else) around the house... I'd say they've gotten me laid on their own maybe 25% more than usual.
B0057DPSQG Disappointing from PUMA These were way to big for a size medium.  Not worth the cost, since the fabric loosens up too quickly too.  I was surprised that PUMA didn't sell underwear on their own site.  Now it makes sense.  They must be allowing some third party to do this, hence why the poor quality.
B0057Z710U Looks great For the price and value this is a solid casual watch.  It's not too dressy that it looks weird with jeans but not so casual that I can't wear it to work.  Good value, works great so far.  Only downside would be that it feels a little bit light in weight and a bit plasticky.  I had a knockoff style oakley and rolex when I was a kid and the band rattled with the same sound.
B0058PE3FA doesn't fit right on the shoulders I'm an average muscular man 5"11 190 lbs , and i had a puma shirt before different model but also microfibber in small size and it fits cool, but i wanted a little more room so i bought 2 medium size, come to see my surprise when i put them on, there was a strange baggy shape around the trapecious-shoulder area and even if i stretched down, it will show up again in both shirts. never the less its breathability its ok and i already bought 2 so....i'm gonna wear it anyway XD
B0058XE0GY Okay Fits large to size.  Hold up well and look good.  Don't seem to stretch much and are quite easy to clean.
B0058XE0GY still going strong i think this is a solid sneaker. I bought it for futsal but ended up wearing it everyday since the first game. I was able to break it in during the first game. I've worn it almost every day to work, indoor-soccer, out-and-about, and it's still running strong. Gotta love PUMA.
B0058XE0GY I approve this message If you like Adidas Sambas, you'll like these.  Same feel, same fit, almost identical soles.  Unlike the Samba, there's no suede toe, so they are easier to clean and maintain.  They seem very well made and durable.  My only complaint is the laces - they are thin and delicate - but laces are cheap and easy to change.
B0058XE0GY puma Excellent choice i made when i decided to buy not 1 but 2 pairs of these sneaks; they wear very well and the best thing about them is thatthey are so light and airy; feels like i'm walking on clouds. i need a blue pair now.
B0058XE0GY Pretty Tight Holding up great but are pretty tight for a wide profile foot.  Even though, they have broken in and the tightness is better than them being loose.
B0058XE0GY Comfy and very bright! I bought these for a Pikachu costume (I'm female), and they were perfect!  I wear a men's 6.5/women's 7.5, but these fit fine.  I walked all around WeHo for Halloween in them, and I like them so much that I wear them casually as well.
B0058XE0GY Puma Esito Rocks So I tried normal indoor futsal shoes for the actual game. The shoes fit perfect and comfy right from the start. I tried asics and Adidas and they both hurt my feet very badly.If you have a tight fit problem then going to the 'wides' like a D or E size will help. I had a weird problem with asics wide showing up a medium width even though I specifically ordered wide. Sorry Asics, Puma is in the house now.
B0058XE0GY very comfortable BUT, the sole is extremely slippery in the wet weather and the sole is very thin. I can feel the ground. not much support. Perfect.
B0058XE0GY it's definitely worth the price it's definitely worth the price. The quality is much better than the other indoor soccer Puma shoes I got a few weeks ago. The other one teared apart just the very first time I used it.
B0058XE334 great grandson got for a Christmas gift and really likes them hope he does  not wear them out any time sooon
B0058XE334 AWEFUL Its not leather.its ugly and the shoe had a hole when it arrived to me.I would have rate it 0 star if possible.
B0058XE334 Puma comfort These sneaks are Well made and comfortable. I have been a fan of puma for decades. Guaranteed to please. Hands down an Excellent choice.
B0058XE334 Comfortable and classy Love this shoe so much that I bought it again, it's light and comfortable with a clean look that screams classy
B0058XEE88 Just A Little Snug Wanted to wait until my daughter broke them in before giving a review...Overall a good buy and would recommend to another customer...
B0058XEE88 fantastic!! Love my spikes!!! Sooo comfortable and the spikes are sharp and ready for any track meet thank you so much!!!!
B0058XEE88 My sister used them for track My sister bought these for track and field. She got some good wear and tear out of the shoes and they fit her well.
B0058XEE88 Nice shoes but ..... PUMA Women's Complete TFX Sprint 3 Running Shoe,Turbulence/Hibiscus/Blue... I dont like the sole is slippery in ceramic floor so be careful.
B0058XEE88 feedback Fits perfect  they are just fine with me thanks for my shoes they are swell I like them very much
B0058XEE88 running wild This was my first time using spikes n I love the fit style n color. Everything came in mint Condition and came within the time period given.
B0058XEE88 Happy customer!! Great shoe & awesome price!  Fast shipper.  Completely happy.  I bought these shoes for my granddaughter and she is really happy with them.  She uses them for track.
B0058XELXG Decent stylish shoe; exactly what you would expect. This shoes are comfortable and look good while being made of quality materials.  I usually am an Adidas guy but thought i would switch it up on a recent vacation.  Glad I did...my only complaint is that they are are thin looking and don't have the bulk I am used to.
B0058XELXG Throwback...in a good way :D My husband is quite modern but still likes some throwback things. These kicks are the closet thing to old school next to clam shell Adidas and Run DMC. Now to only find blue Puma Clydes.....
B0058XELXG The perfect gift! I took these to a family member in El Salvador and he loved them so much! He said they were perfect for any occasion! Fast delivery too!
B0058XEOB0 Satisfied Customer...PUMA great fit...comfortable...wear them all the time...thanks a million... :-)
B0058XEREO Favorite shoes ... Price great (half of what I paid at store).  Would buy more if had my size.  I wish Puma would not get rid of their models as quickly or show their product replacement lines so easier to follow what replaced what.
B0058XF1V2 awesome this shoe is awesome. I use them for weight training and they worked better than excepted. I would highly recommend them.
B0058XF1V2 Nice Lightweight Sneakers for the Fitness Center I love the design of these, comfortable new nears. They are very light weight as desired and has only a single Velcro strap on each shoe with no laces. Easy to use.
B0058XF1V2 Great for kung fu and karate. These shows are perfect for kung fu and karate (and probably any other indoor gym sports). Fit perfectly. Very Flexible sole.
B0058XF1V2 They're smaller and narower but looks awesome i ordered them 0.5 size bigger than i actually use and they fit just fine. And they look really well, lots of compliments but remember theyre narrower, that or i have wider foots...
B0058XF1V2 These are Great!! Just came in! Wearing them already. I ordered size 8 and they fit perfect. Despite what others say, I honestly could've gone 7.5 with these. There's a little bit of wiggle room with the 8's but I'm fine with it. Might be a little more snug with the 7.5's but not tight. Anyway, I'm gonna have fun with these. I got them mainly for cycling and maybe some running and driving. So far so great.
B0058XF1V2 Puma Slippers These are more like slippers rather than tennis shoes.  Not much to them.  No arch support, and not much of a sole.  They are fairly nice looking, simulated leather, but very light weight.  Not sure about wearing them outside, I think you would feel every stone.  And if it's wet out, the soles are so thin, I think you'll have wet socks.
B0058XF1V2 fell apart first time i worn it. Looks great but the damn thing fell apart the first time I worn it. The tongue came out of the leftshoe due to shoddy workmanship.
B0058XF1V2 Pretty damn good Its very stylish, slightly too tight at the toes, but not enough to switch to the next size. Cannot be used continuously day after day, because it doesn't allow any ventilation inside. Surprisingly enough, it works admirably in the snow.
B0058XF1V2 MMmmm so so I use these shoes for kickboxing, the only problem I see is they fit a little bit large that expected and they do not feel very secure at all
B0058XF1V2 Comfortable and Stylish. These sneakers fit very well and are comfortable. They are extremely easy and quick to get into and seem to be made for a lot of activity. I like the sleek style and design also.
B0058XF1V2 Excellent driving shoes I checked this out at a local shoe discount store, and then Amazon, and Amazon was $15 less!  These are very comfortable driving shoes, I use them for track days.  The sole is very thin, perfect to feel what is going on with the throttle and brakes, you get great communication, anything less would be just driving with socks.  A great surprise is how soft they are, which allows for ease of bending and more of that communication between feet and pedals on the car.  They are not designed for other things as they have very little cushion.  The only wish I have is they made them from soft leather or canvas.  But can't beat the price for man-made materials.Being Pumas, they run on the smaller and narrower side, just as expected, order the next size up and should be fine unless you regularly use EE shoes, then these won't fit.
B0058XF1V2 Comfortable and compact. I was completely thrown off by how small these shoes looked. I got scared that I'd have to return them, but they're actually really comfortable. It's like wearing socks, except when you run or walk they kind of give you an extra spring.
B0058XF1V2 Article bit high and is a bit small Article bit high and is a bit small, is nice but uncomfortable for fast sawing paea not big foot, thanks bye
B0058XF1V2 Almost like dress sneakers Fits snuggly, but comfortably.  Very stylish appearance.  Light weight, but heel and ball of foot padded enough to make walking enjoyable.  Will only use for walking; would not advise using for any kind of performance sports.
B0058XF1V2 1 number bigger is enough.... average shoes....not leather....1 number bigger is enough....good quality but not over the expectations ....5 stars is the VEDANO LEATHER ! VEDANO is the best ever seen...
B0058XF1V2 Slick and they are green I like  to save the good, new shoes for non everyday social functions. These are perfect for me as they are a bit different than the ordinary shoe yet not overly obvious. They have a casual dress persona and are extremely light and comfortable. I like the idea that they are made from green materials but will wait and see how they hold up. The construction seems well made.
B0058XF1V2 Looks great Comfortable for short periods of walking, but an inner seam above the toes causes blistering if shoe worn for extended periods
B0058XF1V2 Love the styling, not as comfortable as I expected I wanted a Puma shoe I could wear everyday - even to work. Fits terrific - I normally wear a 12, so I bought a 13 (read reviews prior to purchase). The only thing is: they're not as comfortable as I would like, and kinda cheap on the materials. Otherwise, an overall good buy.
B0058XF1V2 Puma Sneakers were perfect. Fit like a glove, just the way PUMA'S do. Tight at first but once they stretch out, perfect.
B0058XF1V2 Redon These puma men's redon are great. Atheletic but yet casually dressy. I wear them to go out at night in NYC with a nice pair of jean. They are slick!
B0058XF1V2 extreemly happy the product was shipped promptly and it arrived on time .the product was as advertised .very happy with my purchase
B0058XF1V2 Los Amo!! demasiado buenos, bonitos!!! y economicos... me gustan muchisimos!! . . . . . . . . . . . .
B0058XF1V2 Excellent That's What I Want, I'm glad with that buy, Awesome and Genuine, I like how they looks and the Feeling, light weight and Comfortable
B0058XF60I Not pleased I put a lot of training on these, very fast paced "Fartlek" runs and never did like the way they seem to land hard and flat.Most noticeably after about 7 miles you begin to notice a lack of support mid pad and it can be severe.Compared to my Asics, Brooks or Adidas these do not rank very well.
B0058XF60I Very comfortable, love the look, but squeaky Due to winter I haven't gotten the chance to work them hard, but they fit well and are comfortable while supportive. They squeak a bit when I walk which I hope will fade with more use.
B0058XF6JY love em nice and lightweight shoes...super comfy and fairly durable...worn to work every day as a bartender has lasted them about 6 months
B0058XF6Q2 la suela mala en la punta after 1 month of use the sole of the shoe tip damage, took off and I had to send repair
B0058XF6Q2 Toe split open in three weeks I only wore these shoes to work, a process that consists of walking two blocks and then sitting in a chair all day. I did not engage in any strenuous activity while wearing these shoes. Waste of $58
B0058XF6Q2 Not speed cats I have been wearing Puma shoes for years now, and have always really liked the speed cat models. I was a little irritated to find that it's just about impossible to find them in the size and color that I prefer. The fast cats were the closest model I could find that would suffice. After getting them and wearing them a few days, they aren't quite as comfortable as the speed cats, and feel a little thinner. I do like them though, I guess I'm just stuck in the past! they seem well made, but time will tell.
B0058XF6Q2 Perfect shoes! I used to wear nothing but RepliCat 3's until they were discontinued. I found these Fast Cats, and there like a carbon copy of them. I was visibly excited when I got them in the mail 2 days after I pushed the order button. I LOVE these shoes, and pretty much the entire PUMA brand.
B0058XF6Q2 So sad! I had to return the i didn't see with width on these for my son..although he really likes them but he'll look for other ones.
B0058XF6Q2 solid and comfortable... this sport sneakers are very light and comfortable to wear. Was wearing them also in rainy conditions and they are pretty good also when its wet outside.
B0058XF6Q2 Meh, not the same as previous Fast Cats These are disappointing because I was hoping they'd be similar to my previous fast cats I bought about 5 years ago.  The materials are cheaper and the fit isn't the same.  I've been buying pumas for about 20 years and never had a problem until now.  Good bye for now puma :(
B0058XF6Q2 Very comfortable get black though I would have rather gotten the black version of this shoe but all together it is one of the most combfortable sneakers I've ever worn and there great for running and stay tight on your feet. They arrived very fast and they came with a really cool carrying bag.
B0058XF6Q2 uNSAT THIS ITEM SAID THAT IT WAS A SIZE 10 BUT DIDNT EVEN COME CLOSE TO FITTING. WOULD NOT BUY THIS ITEM ONLINE AGAIN.
B0058XF6Q2 No padding They seem skimpy with no real padding. I thought these would be better than the real cheap ones but are not more comfortable. They may last longer and look fancy with quality stitching and build. The graphics look good.
B0058XF6Q2 Puma Men's shoes Just what I expected. They fit just like a glove will order more in the furture. thank you. Theresa J Ash CMA (AAMA), CPC-A
B0058XF6Q2 A Little Tight I received these a day ahead of schedule and wore them yesterday for the first time.  I wore them with the medium weight of socks that I would usually wear with sneakers.  By the end of the day my left foot was bothering me a little.  Granted, my left foot (13.5) is a little bigger than my right (12.5), but usually I can buy a size 14 and both feet are happy.  These were the first Pumas that I have owned and I must keep the sizing in mind if I order this brand again.The materials and workmanship seem average and time will tell if the quality is worthwhile.
B0058XFAJU Not bad I bought the grey/orange combo.  My main complaint is that my dark denim jeans stained the suede. The orange laces are much more fluorescent in real life, much like hunter orange.  I replaced the laces with some standard black ones and they look much better. They're pretty comfortable and should hold up like any other Puma shoe. These shoes seem to run a half size larger than normal so choose wisely.
B0058XFAMC Too small I wear 11.5. Ordered 11.5 - they were more like 10.5. I did get thePUMA Men's Future Cat M2 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneakerthough and it worked fine for me. Had a different Ferrari model before that got worn in two months, but these just look so good... :)
B0058XFAMC I like the style These fit tight on my 13in foot. Could be a bit wider seems to be fitted for women!? I get a lot of compliments from them when I wear these seldomly. Maybe I'll sell these to a lady with a 13in foot... great =(
B0058XFAMC Spectacular I love my red pumas, they are super comfortable, they also feel light and on top of that, on fashion la la land!
B0058XFAMC Ferrari buyer beware not made for people with wide feet the sizing is right on however they are a bit slim other then that great quality shoes
B0058XFAOK Quite Comfortable I am quite satisfied with this product and would recommend it to other customers. It is easy to put on and off and is quite comfortable to wear. The color and style are also great.
B0058XFAOK comfy item was as shown, it is a comfortable fit, always like  a Velcro option as opposed to shoe laces. easy to clean as well
B0058XFAOK Excelent Quality and superfast shipping what you see is exactly what you get .. this is the original Shoe and very high quality as you would expect from Puma .. very satisfied with the product and speed of delivery ..Im currently deployed in Africa an on an FPO address and it arrived in 10 days .
B0058XFC7U Too soft Not a very good stability shoe, I felt like I was wearing a big sock. Even with insoles the balls of my feet were very sore after a long run.
B0058XFHKC Awesome kicks. I've always incorporated casual sneakers into my daily routine, and these Pumas are perfect.  They fit well right out of the box and feel even better after you break them in.  Some of the most comfortable shoes I've had.  They're relatively easy to keep clean and they  look pretty fresh with almost anything, as it's style is pretty timeless.
B0058XFJTQ asquali I stand all day long for my job. I am up and down stairs, working with people in a health care setting. Due to my job it is important that I am comfortable and able to move with ease. These are some of the best shoes I have ever worn for work. They are extremely comfortable and well made.
B0058XFJTQ Runs big These run big. Nice shoe. Just order down. I kept them because I  horrible about exchanging online purchases, but I don't wear them often as they ate too big.
B0058XFJTQ wide and odd shaped These look cuter online than in person. The color is more olive green than anything shown in the photo. True to size.
B0058XFP4A Lovely product love it.. great stuff. Can i have a free shoe or an interesting discount on my next purchase . thanks again
B0058XFP86 It's alright Pros:Looks coolReally lightFlexibleEasy to put on/offCons:Rubber flap on front peels off easilyLoose strings come out of the sidesFoam mesh on the side of the shoe become wrinkly and compressedI would not buy these shoes again for $79.95, they are not worth it for that price.
B0058XFP86 super-lightweight one of the best shoes I've bought better than adidas bounde really super-lightweight 100% Recommended This is wonderful apresian quality and design ....
B0058XFP86 I get fast what I want.. Thanxxx +++ Awe try yip pas DDT hjk lax cvb nm zxc vbn bum qaz was edc rfv tgb yhn umm ik olp
B0058XFP86 Amazing this shoes is amazing and confotable, reached within the stipulated time, no problem, all fine, it is as such as product description
B0058XFP86 Comfortable and super light weight Very light weight and comfy.just takes the shape of your leg and fits nicely.Completely flexible and bends like charm.
B0058XFP86 Very Good I know It's hard to buy snickers over the internet but I got really luck! It fits perfect. It was my first time buying Puma tennis at all and I'm glad.
B0058XFP86 Puma Men's Osu NM Bought these for their looks- and was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable and lightweight they were. I have since purchased8 pairs! I use them at work at the hospital - they go great with my scrubs and also are great for walking the dog- esp in the early AM when i am too lazy to tie shoes.They are becoming my version of the "today sponge" from Seineld- -hopefully they won't go extinct!Nice assortment of colors to choose from.
B0058XFP86 Laces are for chumps. These are very comfortable and great for going to the gym. Because they have no laces you can pop in and out of them easily.
B0058XFP86 Five Stars &#1605;&#1585;&#1610;&#1581; &#1608;&#1580;&#1605;&#1610;&#1604;
B0058XFP86 I love IT I got them and they are awesome! shipping was quick. It came in a nice box. very comfortable. It felt easy to slip on and off. Not really built for Jogging though. I felt like i didnt have  enough medial arch support. Otherwise. I am happy. Very light and cool. very fashionable.
B0058XFP86 Comfy to the maxxxxxxxxx These bad boys are super comfy! They must LOOK super comfy too because that's what everyone keeps saying when they see them. Yup.
B0058XFP86 zdr very good  alike this shoes strahotni  vzemaite bez da se zamislqte prosto  super qki xa xaa xa xa xaxa  xa
B0058XFP86 It's what I expected Looks : 10/10Manufacturing : 8/10Comfort : 10/10Is a good choise for use in the gym ... Thanks
B0058XFP86 They are very light and extremely comfortable. I hope Puma keeps making them I ordered these because my brother buys them because of a foot injury.  They are very light and extremely comfortable.  I hope Puma keeps making them.
B0058XFP86 COMFORTABLE REALLY COMFORTABLE NEAT THE BEST PRICE . GREATGREATGREAT  ............................... ...... THUMBS UP . . . . . . , .
B0058XFP86 Love the experice everything work out as expected the item came ahead of time in the original package (which I liked) it was the exact color, size, and item I wanted I will recommend my friends to this seller.
B0058XFP86 Sizing issues First impression is great, despite the very tight fit.My size shoe was long enough, but the width is way too tight.  Oddly, I like the snug fit and the stable platform (easy to stand straight, comfortable walking).  They are light weight and have no strings (yeah !!!).  They are cushioned appropriately and the straps can tighten the fit about an inch.Unfortunately, there are no width choices when ordering. These shoes were sized for smaller feet and smaller people.  I am a D width.
B0058XFP86 my husband love it its the second time i ordered cuz my husband just loved it, he said are very comfortable and the design is just for him.
B0058XFP86 Worth every cent Great fit, good support for walking and sporty! Not all PUMAS have  worked this well for me, but these do. Get 'em while they last.
B0058XFP86 Dependable Pumas Comfortable, flexible and durable. As far as an everyday shoe goes, this has been an delightful surprise. The mesh lining is normally a problem for most shoes, however, since the mesh is on the inside and tucked away from the overlaid straps, the mesh hasn't been a real problem.
B0058XFP86 Style Over Substance Awesome looking style but a bit thin in sole support especially if you are using it for exercise.  I can see this shoe being surely torn in a couple of months after steady use.
B0058XFP86 Very Poor This shoe fell apart after two weeks.  Thanks for creating a piece of garbage.  I will never purchase anything from puma again.
B0058XFP86 Puma Osu Great fit and very comfy! They are really light.. Colors are sweet! Nicely done Puma! and no shoe strings.. Bonus!
B0058XFP86 Perfect Was a great to have one puma and this is my second one . It was fit for me like a glove in your hands . Wonderful prodect
B0058XFP86 Very comfortable! Bought this as a gift for dad and shipped it directly to him!  Overall impression,the style is for women, but he,ll get use to the new fashion.  Same as other comments I will confirm that they are narrow and have a snug fit upon putting them on.  He wears a size 10.5 and I boughht 11 following other reviews and was right on the money.  He says its a bit of a hassle to put on but once they are on, they are super comfortable.  Happy with purchase.  Dad used to be an athlete and now just exercises, he says these should be good for sports, any age and should offer some back support too.
B0058XFP86 beloved gift this bought for someone else and they can't stop talking about it. it fit well and looked great. was also told it was comfortable.
B0058XFP86 Yes! Yes! Yes! This shoe is absolutely the best. Comfy as hell and people cant stop saying how cool they are! I have the black ones and just ordered a pair of red ones! SUPER HAPPY!!!
B0058XFP86 great footwear very comfortable shoe especially with my profession, i'm always on my feet and conforms very well which lessens soreness on my arches.
B0058XFP86 excellent, very comfortable I chose this rating because they are comfortable, soft and weigh nothing ...I liked the design, softness, and texture.With pleasure I recommend it to people who Desen walking for a long time
B0058XFPLS high quality Wonderful purchase, high quality, bought this for my husband and he loves them. Black looks like carbon fiber which really appealed to his taste.
B0058XFPLS Comfortable once broken in I didn't like them at first, but once I wore them a few times they started to grow on me.  There's probably a better shoe out there for the price, but these work well for my nursing job.
B0058XFPLS Great looks, cushy! Sleek and comfortable.  My only complaint is they are not real leather (like the good old days!) but at least look like the are (LOL!).
B0058XFPLS Beatifull Nice to use in workouts or even hang outs, this is discreet and confortable, only problem is that dirty so much. take care.
B0058XFPLS as expected They arrived earlier than expected. The fit is true to size. These sneakers could use a bit more cushioning though.
B0058XFPLS Gift Ordered these as a Christmas Gift for a cousin...she LOVED them! She was so excited to wear them to school!
B0058XFXA6 Totally other shoes,. I lose my money,. I'm so disappointed This purchase was a complete thief,.. the provider sent a diferent product, the shoes was in white color,. zise was bigger 2 Centimeters,.  totally diferent style,. I hate it,. this situation its annoying,. The worse I live in central america,.  I paid the freght and taxes to rececive this product en COSTA RICA, and now I don't know what to do,.  I save a lot of time to buy this Tennis, I'm so upset with Amazon!Let met know if you need a picture of the product that you sent,.Waiting feedback and commetns about it.RegardsMarco Alvarez
B0058XFXA6 Lightweight+comfort This sneakers is very comfortable, easy to put on and to take it off, just unhook the tap to just slip off. For a quick run-out, this Puma Mostro is for you.
B0058XFXA6 Long time wearer of Puma Mostro My current Puma Mostros in ivory leather are about 5 years old.  They have always been comfortable, sturdy, and cute and quick to put on/off. Good in the airport. Unfortunately. my dog chewed the plastic piece that the strap slides through.  I wear a size 7 and my old ones ran small so I was wearing a 7.5.  I ordered the new ones in the steel gray in a 7.5 on sale and this time they were too big.  I went to order the size 7 and they were $50 more, so I ordered the 7 in black which were on sale.  The 7s fit fine, but I did not like how the black and white looked.  So I have to return both and watch to see if the price goes down in the size 7 steel gray.Look at the pictures carefully.  These have the strap that velcros up toward the ankle and the strap has a leather piece on the end.  There is a Puma with a different style strap that seems to come down toward the bottom of the foot.  I don't know how these fit.
B0058XFYDC I have received many compliments on these "old school" sneakers. I have recommended amazon's website to my friends and family. Still satisfied with my purchase. Will be shopping this site more often as it offers many options from style and colors to shipping preference.
B0058XFYDC puma clydes these pumas are awesome. they are clydes if you want classic look then these are for you fits a little big but man they look great totally recommend
B0058XFYDC Great experience These shoes fit perfect and are very sharp looking.  The whole experience with this item was very satisfactory, thank you!
B0058XFYDC New What? New navy must be some weird term from Puma for black. I think the marketing people over there might be smoking pot and drinking too much. I think this company has a general contempt or arrogance towards potential customers. Their website can be from cutsie belittlement to just insulting. I really wanted to like , no , love these Clydes in white with red and navy blue trim. There's very little about new navy that's blue. Under extremely bright light it shows a hint of blue. Bottom line:New Navy is Old Black. Be fore warned
B0058XFYDC Outstanding Puma Sneaker Circa 1977... The Puma Style brings me back to my younger years when teens that I looked up to would wear these sneakers with French cut style pants to Up Rock or Break Dance... I recommend this product and sales company to every shopper.  Thank you for your service and I will be back to buy more colors...Respectfully,Roberto A. I.Brooklyn, New York
B0058XFYDC Make the real thing Looks nice on paper but in reality a cheap and cheesy imitation of the original. Will not buy again and I was happy to find this after looking for my size for years.
B0058XFYDC OK overall for discounted price Quiclky looses the shape and seems vulnerable to even lighest rains.Good for indoor use.Nice color and shape - funky classic.Reasonable quality for discounted price.
B0058XG0H6 Comfy shoes Can transition from casual to dressier occasions. True to size and very durable. Has enough sole support compared to other drift cats.
B0058XG0H6 'authentic' with obvious glue marks Sold by: StepIntoMyCloset(Shoes Color: Black) Not perfect stitching, minor peeled red line, thought was [ white shoe-body line ] in picture but is [ grey body line ] in reality. Edge of [Puma words-the Triangle like rubber] on shoes was not clean cut. Thank you though, fast shipping, and good customer service. I am returning them, thank you.*HoweverSold by: Amazon LLC, (Shoes Color: White) They were perfect!!! Clean stitching, perfect red line on body, same grey body line, Edge of [Puma words-the Triangle like rubber] on shoes was perfect. Thank you.
B0058XG1CA Defected from manufacturer I love this brand but the slippers had a manufacturer defect - a piece of the foam came off along with the portion that holds your feet in place.
B0058XG1CA Great Looking But Extremely Uncomfortable I live two blocks away from my beach and I wanted new sandals for this summer. These Puma sandals looked awesome at a very good price for a brand name that I love. When I first received these, I was excited at how great they looked...until I picked them up out of the box. These sandals are oddly light in weight which made me think they are made of cheap materials. My girlfriend, which is a fanatic about sandals, even said out loud while picking them up, "These feel sooooo cheap!!!" It almost feels as if you bend these sandals too much, they will snap in half like foam packaging material. My first trip to the beach with these on, I immediately felt how uncomfortable these are. My feet not only slip around on the surface of the sandal while walking (which makes a loud squeaking noise by the way), but the material feels hard. Two blocks over to the beach and two blocks back home, my feet hurt from walking in them. I wear sandals often so its not because my feet aren't used to them.Pros:Very good looking sandals. One of the best I've seen for men.Cons:Extremely uncomfortable.Made of a material that feels cheap and makes your feet slide around while walking.Because your feet slide around while walking, it makes a squeaking noise. Kind of embarrassing to me when walking within earshot of people.All in all, I would definitely NOT recommend these...unless you only care about your sandals looking good and don't care about how much these sandals will hurt your feet. Maybe that's why these sandals received a great review from a female and a bad one from a male. Females are known for loving footwear that kill their feet but look great. Males care about the feel of them as much as the look lol
B0058XG1CA 7 Pairs and counting! I love Puma products in general but these sandals (flip flops) are the best.  Good quality construction and incredibly comfortable.  The base of the sandal is thick enough to be comfortable for all day walking and the fabric strap is great.  It doesn't rub or irritate the top of my foot at all.I have purchased multiple pairs in the same colors in case they stop making them...that's how much I love them.
B0058XG1CA . The nylon is ok, and attached ok to the sandal but the actual sandal is thin, approximately 1/2 inch. No support, flimsy sandal, tread is made from the same flimsy material. Definitely not worth the price.
B0058XG1CA Not US soldier friendly...... I bought this item back in November of 2012.  These sandals are poorly made I used for approximately 6 weeks before they started to separate and fall apart.  I am extremely disappointed , I thought I was paying for a better made sandal than what I received.  My 3.99 Walmart flip flops lasted a whole year .  Apparently I will be buying another brand of sandals/flip flop to last the rest of my deployment.
B0058XG1CA Bad Purchase It was the worst purchase I made! I have sent a pair of sandals for children. I do not know what to do with them if you give them away or throwing it away. I live in Honduras and I get more expensive sending them to me the change. I am totally disappointed.
B0058XG1CA PUMA Epic Sandles Nice for the beach, park, BBQ, pool, or just hanging around the house.  Feels Like you walking on a cloud.
B0058XG1CA Confused I dont usually write reviewes but I had to if only to offset the review written by the person below.  I have NO idea what they are even saying in their review but I've been wearing Puma flip flops for years! This may be the only company that makes flip flops with material rather than all rubber, making them sooooo much more comfortable and soooo much more fashionable. I just got a pair of these a few days ago and I love them! Please ignore the negative review as it is clear that person is confused and seems to be reviewing a different product! These flip flops rock!!
B0058XG1CA very comfortable These slippers are curved around the edges a little, which makes them very comfortable.  The piece that goes between the toes is very comfortable too.also looks like it's made well, i love it.
B0058XG1CA Very poor quality Really disappointed in the over quality of this product.  The base does not support the foot very well and it is anything but soft.  I expected much high quality from a $24 flip flop.  I should have waited until spring and went to Target.
B0058XG1CA awesome flippy floppys the green on these sandals pops even to this day and ive had them almost a year.  great comfy flip flops
B0058XG1CA Eh, they are ok The thong part is thin and I wasn't expecting that. Other than that, it is a basic sandal that gets the job done.
B0058XG1CA great beach shoes They are pretty comfy and my bf loves them... only complaint is that they can get pretty slippery in the footbed when wey... no grip on top although sole holds down well even when wet. The nylon strap dries easily.
B0058XG1CA Straps too small Based on the picture the straps look to be a reasonable size for a man.  However, upon receiving the item the straps are very thin and lady like.  It fits reallly nice and comfortable.  I just dislike the straps for being very thin.
B0058XG7RO One elegant shoes Its unique design elegant and a little sport I loved these shoes, comfort is optimal, 100% original. its packaging is ecological, I congratulate the company PUMA .. the order came immediately.
B0058XG7RO Athletic Fashion Combo. Awesome footwear.  A definite sport shoe.  From an athletic state of mind I feel confident, secure and competitive in them.  I can put them with jeans, tee, and a blazer (all fitted of course) with no second guessing. I will purchase a pair for the gym and one for outings.
B0058XGDWS Classy sporty & classyits a great substutute for vansother than thatonce its dirty it will be a little hard to clean and i had to change the laces b/c they're a little to bigedit: 6 months and still going strong!
B0058XGI5A Worn out quickly About a month after getting the shoes, under normal wear, in some places it was worn all the way through like it was made out of cheap material. I love pumas but this one for some reasons sucks
B0058XGI5A Mostly my fault I didn't realize there was no real cushion to the bottom of these and they have no heel really.  I should have looked at the picture closer I suppose but who wouldn't want some padding with their shoes?
B0058XGI5A Perfect These shoes fit prefect!  Couldn't wait for them to get here and wasn't disappointed. I will be getting more from them  soon.
B0058XGI5A Looks nice, but delicate These shoes look great and fit as expected.  However, in just a few wears the leather by the toe is already scuffed and discolored.  I tried being fairly careful, and didn't walk on anything more extreme than a sidewalk, but these clearly aren't going to make it for the long term.
B0058XGI5A Great and fashionist This Puma is very confortable and fashionist... I happy with this buy and I recomended to any young people, I Love it
B0058XGI5A Attractive shoes, long laces that come untied I bought these for my fiance and he wears them nearly every day. He typically wears a size 9 M and he always gets a 9.5 in puma.  The laces are absurdly long and come untied constantly. If we are walking around town at least one shoe will come untied about once per mile. He also mentioned that the inserts are a little more built up than previous puma's he's had. Nevertheless, they are attractive and I'm sure you could change the laces.
B0058XGI5A its okay This is my second shoe from the same seller and the same size but its kind of tight, i like  the way it looks especially the stripes on the SIDES
B0058XGI5A Tight fit. Thin sole Had previous Puma shoes of similar style.  For some reason these fit far too tightly and the sole is so thin you feel every rock in the road.
B0058XGI5A Gift My brother and law enjoyed the shoes. He was amazed how well they fit. He wore them everyday. He couldn't be more thankful!
B0058XGI5A Puma woman's sizing Great looking shoe. Unfortunately it was returned due to the sizing: the men's 5.5 did not equate to a womans 7 as stated' it was a bit small.
B0058XGI5A in one of the sides, one of the puma shoes is faulty in drawing silhouette. a spot of paint. in one of the sides, one of the puma shoes is faulty in drawing silhouette. a spot of paint. I wish I did not have it but then everything else is fine.
B0058XGI5A perfectos excellent shoes charm by 100%, are super comfortable for any use you want to give, and I'ma fan of puma
B0058XGI5A No curve? Its like the shoe was made for a totally straight foot with no curves. I really liked the style but it's one of the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever tried on. It pinched really bad and I don't have a wide foot. The length was okay though and fit as expected.
B0058XGI5A Great sneaker, arrived on time I've never wore this type of Puma before, but I've worn them in the past. I'm a size 14 and these are tight. If i had to order a 15 for sure in this type. Also, the soles on the shoes are small. My feet hang over the edges of the sole, causing the white leather part to rub on the floor.With that being said, the actual quality of the shoe is excellent. I can't say anything bad about it. It may be designed for people with narrower feet then my big ol' wide sled dogs, but that's not Puma's fault. And, the packing it came in was great.
B0058XGI5A go puma my husband only wears drift cats. these were a great price and they came to the house in no time flat!
B0058XGI5A Best driftcat since the first. Ive had all the driftcats, and loved the first ones, but was disappointed with the 2's and 3's.I gave these a shot anyhow, and am glad I did.They are much better looking, and fitting than the past two versions.I recommend them.They do fit tighter than other shoes, at first.Once broken in, they form fit to your foot, and will be the most comfortable shoe you own.The driftcat 3's never seemed to break in well, and the 2's werent much to look at.These remind me more of the originals, even though they have been changed up a bit.Notably, the toe isnt one solid piece of leather, but two separate pieces. I liked the one piece design better, but the two piece design gives it a "dressier" look.I can wear them with slacks, and it doesnt look wrong.
B0058XGI5A Women's sneakers The description says men's, but these are all lady. Great looking, but the imprint of the sole is easily a woman's only. Believe the other reviews fellas.
B0058XGLKC PUMA Men's Cross-Trainer First off these Puma shoes come in a little red bag similar to those re-usable bags you see in Supermarkets. You can use this bag to transport your Puma's and there is a convenient hook to hang it if you want. The box itself does not come with a top.These cross-trainers are lightweight yet feel durable and are of good quality. The rubber-sole is flexible and bends well with your walking or running motion but at the same time gives you a good amount of cusion.Couple of slight negatives. First is that the shoes are just a bit narrow for me, not too bad but a little bit more breathing room would be nice. Secondly I'm not too wild about the design/color combo, but not a big deal though. Overall nice pair and recommended for those who do plenty of cross-training(but not for those with wide soles).
B0058XGLKC Awesome Fit, Super Cool Cross Trainer I was trying on all the best looking and expensive Nikes when I saw this shoe.  Pumagility in Black and Red.  One word awesome.  They have a wide ergonomic Birenstock type fit for me.  Much more comfortable and Very stable and a good fit compared to the Swoosh.  No brainer since these cost less on sale and got an awesome deal.  I think that durability may be an issue but overall these shoes are great feeling and looking.  Try them on.
B0058XGLKC Comfortable and supportive These shoes are good for working out while at the gym. They fit snugly and the insoles can come out and be replaced with ones that have more support if you need them. They are very light. Uppers are made of some sort of mesh so your feet might not get as sweaty. They also seem to get people's attention.another plus is the packaging - it has paper and cardboard that can be recycled and also a re-usable bag instead of the the usual painted paper.
B0058XGLKC Puma is above amazing I love puma and my husband does as well. We Havnt been unsatisfied yet. As a nurse, puma is the only thing that keeps me on my feet for 12 hours.
B0058XGLKC Just happened up on them. My wife and I were shopping around in Ross and I saw these on the shelf. Pumas were very popular when I was in Jr.High school. So they kinda jumped out at me. The white with the silver stripe. My plan was to start my running up again, so I purchased them. Considerably less than on the Amazon.com sight. But anyway, I tested them out yesterday and they were amazing. Plenty of cushion and spring. I only did a mile, but it's been a couple of years since I've hit the pavement. No real bad pains the next day. Just the normal feel of tightened leg muscles after starting again after a long layoff. Good shoes.
B0058XGLKC Puma Men' Pumagility Cross Trainer I just received them and tried them on.  They are super comfortable. I am using them on days that I weight train.  No problems yet and I am thinking of picking up a couple more with different colors. I have about 7 pairs of Puma's.  I am flat footed and have no problem with support. I love Puma's forward fashion design and the overall construction of the shoe. These are sharp.  This was the first time I purchased these Puma's on Amazon. They were delivered quickly and no problems.
B0058XGLKC High Quality Cross Trainers Puma's "Pumagility Cross-Training" are well crafted and designed shoes. The option for me was a size 11 1/2 shoe, so I had to ask a friend to try them on to test them out as my feet are not that big. He can run much faster now! Hehe. Remember growing up and getting new sneakers, you felt like you could run faster? Anyway, he liked the way they felt. Was comfortable, but was a little narrow for his feet, but could feel a "spongy" lift as he moved in them. It has a pretty thick sole, seems a little over an inch thick.The black and red design are eye catching with the interior sole being an aqua blue. I think the name "Pumagility" could be re-thought for something more catchy and less self-indulgent, but that may be just personal preference.I asked my friend if he felt he would recommend them. His response was that he liked the way they felt on his feet, and the price was fairly reasonable (approx. $99.99 at the time of this review), but was not sure how much he loved them.The label states the shoe is made in Vietnam. The shell is made of "textile and other materials", while the lining is made of "textile". Accordingly, "textile" is a blend of different cloths, usually artificial. While the sole is made of rubber. So, it seems, for the price, and while durable, it sounds cheaply made.So at glance they look like a nice pair of shoes, and they were stated as being relatively comfortable, I am not sure I would say these are the shoes to get.
B0058XGLKC Wow! Comfortable to run in.  An advancement in stability on the road, uphill and down, fresh or on your last mile. I tend to pronate, but not in these comfortable shoes.  There's something about them that makes me more stable--indeed, they make me a better runner.  Since I've had them, I've been more motivated to go out on the road, again and again.  It may be part my imagination, but it seems to me I return less tired, stepping a bit more correctly than before.I'm going to order another pair.  All I want is more of the same.
B0058XGQWU Not Really for Squash I don't think the product description said "fashion" when I purchased them. It seems to now. But make no mistake, these shoes are for fashion. If you try to push them beyond that purpose you're going to get blisters. You'll find no support, cushion or engineering in this shoe. The color isn't what I expected, either. It's not really white - more white with a strange, yellow/pink hue. I'll stick to my Asics for the court and wear these when I need to paint, or wade through something nasty.
B0058XGQWU These shoes are beautiful To the reviewers who say this shoe has a pink tone to it, I suggest they return them because mine are in no way like that.  They are not bright white as they may appear in the picture.  So calling them snow white is probably not accurate.  They are more like an egg shell white.  That being the case, they look very nice with kakhi's.  This is a beautiful shoe.  And extremely comfortable.
B0058XGQWU Handsome The color of these shoes is striking: a powerful powder blue! I wear them with most pants that aren't blue jeans. I also like the low profile of the sole. Pumas, comfy as always.
B0058XGQWU Fashion Only...color is strange I know they say "Fashion" but I had to try them for actually playing Squash.  They work great...but the suede is too soft on the toe and it wore through within a week (due to the foot drag during squash lunges).  As for "Fashion"...the color looks a lot like urine in person (just as it does in photos) and the contrast between the gum shoe rubber and the urine color leather is more of a color clash than a color harmony.  I really wish these came in gray or a light navy blue.  The comfort of these things is astonishingly good I must say.  The materials all have a very high quality, soft and pliable feel, with a light and airy mesh which keeps your feet relatively cool. Also the fit is spot on with other Puma products.  Is the fit of Puma the same as other shoes?  No.  So go try some other Pumas on for size before you select the size that's right for you.  I'd just avoid this color.  It gets no compliments, and all questions so far about the shoes are tinged with confusion rather than admiration.
B0058XGUJ4 FANTASTIC!!!!!!!! I have never owned a pair of Pumas and I am elated by this tennis shoe as to the comfort of the mesh and the soles are so soft and comfortable yet firm. They massage your feet when you walk I am very satisfied and now I see why Serena Williams wore puma for so long. Thank you and I will continue to use Amazon for future purchases.
B0058XGWOC A little snug I purchased this shoe because it is simple and quite pretty. I got it and was so excited. When I tried it on, my foot wouldn't go through. I had to make a snip in it so that my foot would fit, but the snip is hidden by the rubber strap. Beside it being snug, I love them and they are comfortable.
B0058XGWOC Unconfortable I love pumas but this pair is so unconfortable~! Would not recommend buying unless you are planning on cutting inside the shoe where you see the pink because it cut my skin so bad!
B0058XGWOC Stuck with a pair that just don't fit I am completely dissatisfied with this product. I made an attempt to get the information necessary to return the item and have had no success
B0058XGWOC Puma Heaven Have worn these great shoes before so I knew how wonderful they were.  They were so reasonable in price I could not pass these up.  They arrived before I knew it and I have been wearing ever since.  They are so comfortable. Thank you.  I wear them with pride
B0058XGWOC So comfy! I got these to replace the slip on pumas i already had owned and I love the fabric on these they are more durable than the canvas ones! the color is great I can't wait to bust these out for summer!
B0058XGZ8A Love them! My son really likes, he wanted them to be a little bigger to be able to use them longer. :)
B0058XGZ94 Not great quality Horrible arch support. My feet were sore after wearing them all day. Would not recommend wearing these for everyday use.
B0058XGZL2 Really comfortable and incredibly lightweight. EDIT : One of the sandals fell apart after somewhat heavy use through May~September.ORIGINAL:Exactly looks like it's described. Puma is my favorite brand and flip flops are my favorite summer shoe. These are really comfortable and are incredibly lightweight.
B0058XGZL2 Not worth the $35 I paid. Its a decent flip flop but not worth the $35 I paid for them. A good and fair price would of been $20.
B0058XH1F6 ehh These are really cute shoes I got the black in 8.5 only problem is that they cut into the back of your heel where that strap is, also my toes go right to the tip of the shoe but theres an inch left on the back, so idk maybe the straps were put on wrong on the pair i got. really cut and apart from them cutting into your foot if you cover it up with tape or something theyre pretty comfy
B0058XH1F6 Perfect Sandal! I normally wear a 8 but I ordered a bit bigger just in case which worked out perfectly. Sandals are lightweight and study. Love them!
B0058XH1F6 Poor fit. Very uncomfortable shoe.  Foot does not stay on sole when walking.  Look is sweet but comfort trumps style.  For the price I would not recommend.
B0058XH1F6 Practical Wore these floating down the river and they stayed on the entire time! Comfortable and practical, as well as well priced.
B0058XH4L2 super comfy So I bought these to wear to a bachelorette party night out.  Granted they are a bit more on the casual side, but the felt fabulous all night on my feet!  I mean FABULOUS.  I could wear these all day and night.  I have only worn them a couple times, so I can't speak to durability or wear and tear.  They do feel well made and were VERY cute with the juxtaposition of color.
B0058XH4L2 great shoe These are amazing and very comfortable. Hope to get the in more colors especially the ashes of roses. Wish more were on prime.
B0058XH4L2 Great fit Love the fit, I wish I could buy more one time.  It very comfy and soft.  My only complaint is the back rubs on your heel a little.  Otherwise its an excellent buy.
B0058XH4L2 The perfect flats! I've been looking forever for comfy black flats with traction that I can wear to work. I'm a teacher and I'm on my feet all day. I went up a half size from my usual, and they fit perfectly.
B0058XH4L2 PUMA Zandy Mesh Ballet Slippers ROCK! Not only was my order delivered in two days, the packaging was great, and the shoes are sporty looking, fit perfect, and are so comfortable I do not need to wear them in at all. The color, Ashes of Roses, is not available at any department stores in my area, and they are at least forty dollars more at the mall. This purchase was excellent in all categories, and I hope to purchase more styles from PUMA on Amazon again. Anyone wanting a super cool look, with comfort included should buy a few pairs of these!
B0058XH4L2 Comfy After breaking these in, they are very comfy. Soft, not too tight, and good support. I also like that they go with a lot. I can wear them with a skirt or shorts. A few of the ones I tried in discount stores fit awkwardly, but the ones I ordered here fit perfectly.
B0058XH4L2 Go-to flat for casual wear. I wear a size 6 and have a wide foot which can cause fitting problems.  The Puma Zandy flat in black patent (with a pink logo) fits well.  While a little tight initially across the instep, on my second time wearing them I ended up on an impromptu three hour hike in the Tucson desert with a girlfriend.  No problemo!Comfortable, stylish and a great little flat for straight leg/ankle/cropped jeans.
B0058XH4L2 Perfect casual black flat True to size, durable and well madeLook good with pants and shortsCasual shoeGood value for the money
B0058XH4L2 the size a little biger i wear EU size 37 usually,but for this pair,a little biger,i should buy 6 or 6.2it wears very light.  most materials is leather,but some parts is made by foam,not like expecting
B0058XH4L2 Great, all-purpose flat I ordered these for my upcoming trip to Turkey.  They're small, durable, and can go with my shorts, maxi dress, or leggings.  They did cause a blister the first time I wore them, but that goes without saying for any shoe.  The cushioning is awesome.  they definitely have more support than a normal ballet flat.  I would definitely recommend them.
B0058XH4L2 Just what I wanted Great shoe, looks good and is very comfortable. This time I bought 2 pairs because I wore the old ones everyday and wanted to have different colors to choose from. My feet are in heaven.
B0058XH4L2 A fun shoe with the comfort of a bedroom slipper ! Love the selection of colors! They are stylish enough to go to the office and comfortable enough for extended walks.
B0058XH4L2 Perfect with jeans or yoga pants Love these shoes, I have them in Ashes of Roses and am ordering them in Blue Curacao for summer. Not enough support to say run around the city for a whole day on your feet, but ideal for this stay at home mother of a toddler on the go! Can dress sporty on jeans casual and still feel stylish. Hard to find a shoe that does double duty like that. They are also flattering to my size 11 feet!
B0058XH4L2 Very disappointed after paying this price I bought these to throw in my backpack for a comfortable shoe to wear on vacation in France. I read all the reviews on them and ordered a half size up like many suggested.  They were so uncomfortable I threw them out.  Very disappointing for the price I paid for them. I was better off bringing my $9 flats!
B0058XH4SA Fantastic! This and the Evospeed shoes are the best and hottest thing going right now. You better get em for they stop making these models!! And I know what I'm talking about.
B0058XH4SA Bright and Light These have been great, light and bright shoes!  They did come a little small so they are tight but hoping they stretch out a little.  Very Satisfied with price and product.
B0058XH56Q "The Flash" quick service It was delivered literally 2 days after my order, as in i paid, it left the company that night and by a the day after, i received the product and It fit like a glove.I wear it almost everyday now. Wonderful service, definitely recommend
B0058XH5D4 comfort I am on my feet all day long and these help support my feet. At the end of the day my feet were far less painful.
B0058XH5D4 Super macio! Super macio! Adorei a cor e o modelo! alem de o produto ter chegado dentro do prazo previsto. Muito Bom.
B0058XH5D4 Light Comfy and strong Well built by the look and feel of them. The whole family owns them now and the sizes are corrrect across the whole range. Colors are nice and bright without being too garish. Long term comfort and durability are key and time will tell.
B0058XH5D4 great for other stuff this shoe didn't work for me for running - a bit big and the arch is off for my foot.  Good for weight lifting though as the change in form puts the arch int he right place.  A size smaller might have worked better (I wear an 8 1/2 normally but my local sports store usually puts me in a 9 and they have always been great) but my feel swell considerably and that could have caused problems.
B0058XH5D4 tennis I wear these to work , I am a nurse and they are very comfortable.  My feet don't get as tired from all the walking  that I do.
B0058XH5D4 My Puma'a Like any onther new shoe they needed to wore in a little bit, but after a couple waearing them Ilove them and would highly recremend  them.
B0058XH5D4 Hate theses shoes! Don't fit right The top of the shoe rubs the top of my foot and is very uncomfortable.  I bought them for vacation so I had to wear them and so I couldn't return them.
B0058XH5D4 Purchased for friend Bought these for a friend but she has a wider foot and getting them on and off is very difficult as the tongue is attached to the sides and is not quite as flexible as other shoes that have the standard tongue in them.
B0058XH5D4 Speedy delivery the colors are a little miss leading but I'm glad that I purchased this pair. I know If I hadn't bought it then I would be dreaming about them later. Amazing price for great support and quality.If only I could get the pulled seams to disappear, no thanks to my cats claws... So, a tip for cat owners... Hide these shoes!! Otherwise the front mesh will be their favorite new toy :( hahaha
B0058XH5D4 I am very disappointed in this company. I bought a pair of shoes for my daughter for Christmas.  They were the wrong color so I needed two return them.  They are charging me $12.50 for a restocking fee and 20% of the cost of the shoes.  That is half of what I paid.  Do not shop that this company if you ever have to return something be prepared!!!!
B0058XH5D4 light and comfortable Light and fits well. A bit wide in the front, but great foot support and very comfortable... allows air flow too.. definitely worth it.
B0058XH5D4 Ive had them over a year now and still comfy Ive had them over a year now and still comfy.  The color was as pictured and I feel like the are form fitting to my foot which I love.
B0058XH5D4 A very nice shoe I'm not sure why people are saying these run small. I wear a 7-1/2, and that's what I ordered and it fits perfectly. I was a bit concerned about the "snugness" of the solid liner piece, because I've had an ankle fusion (stress fracture from running!) and at first I thought it might be uncomfortable. Within an hour of wearing they felt like gloves, and have been extremely comfortable ever since. I don't run any more, but I walk a lot and hike, and these shoes are a new favorite. The raspberry color is very pretty, the fit is ideal, the amount of cushioning is perfect, and weight is excellent (not too heavy). Best of all, I purchased these when they were a Deal of the Day, and got them for an amazing low price. But I'd pay the regular Amazon price for these - I like them that much.
B0058XH5D4 Super confortable! I was wearing freeruns to the gym. for the hype I guess. But just thought i'd get some new trainers for the gym. To keep in routine. I love these. I feel like they're more stable than my freeruns and find myself wearing them more. Needless to say the color selection for these are AWESOME! great buy.
B0058XH5D4 Too big I wear between a 8.5 - 9. These are a 9 and they feel at least 1-2 sizes too large
B0058XH5D4 Don't breathe well - beware of stinky feet! These look a little wide, kind of chunkier than I expected. They also DO NOT BREATHE well at all. After a few weeks, the insides of the shoes were getting stinky. Overall, I would not repurchase.
B0058XH5D4 My Wife Love It! Product is exactly as described.  My wife loved the product.  Look forward to doing business with this person or establishment in the future.
B0058XH5D4 Bought at Half Off, Worth it I have a wide toebox, so even though I'm really a 6.5, I got an 8 and it fit just fine. It works pretty well for running and is definitely adequate for an active lifestyle. I would buy it again. (Plus, people are constantly complimenting me on the colors!)
B0058XH5D4 disappointed not happy,this shoe did not last a year without falling apart, brooks shoes are eco friendly and lasted much longer
B0058XH5D4 Not What I Expected These were cool looking shoes but they had a funky look on. They looked very wide and weren't the comfort level that I had hoped for. Sent them back!
B0058XH5D4 Shoe I cant even get my foot inside they so stiff &hard  I am sending them back as soon as I find the packing slip
B0058XH5D4 too molded looking Not pleased with these - especially for the cost. The colors were pretty but the shoe was very disappointing, They will be returned.
B0058XH5D4 comfortable shoes Hard to get my feet into the shoe but plenty of room and comfort once I'm in! Did not help with my shin splints, though, which was my hope.
B0058XH5D4 Terrible They fit horribly. Because the tongue of the shoe is completely attached, they are extremely hard to get on, and they are very uncomfortably tight on the top of my foot. The length and width fit just fine so I know I had the correct size. They were so tight on the top that they actually cut off my circulation in my foot.
B0058XH5D4 Poor design I bought this shoe in two colors.  Not only were they uncomfortable and made the side of my foot numb (there is little that you can adjust with the one piece design) but I have not been able the break them in so that I don't blister every time i wear them.
B0058XH5D4 Very Pretty Great buy very comfortable but I was sad to have to return them as they were a bit too big.
B0058XH5D4 PUMA sneakers Received shipment promptly after placing online order. Unfortunately, some sort of black mark near toe area on top of sneakers (ink?) Otherwise okay.
B0058XH5D4 super comfy sneakers These were wearable comfortable right out of the box - lightweight, yet giving me full support.I do a lot of walking on my job and these sneakers keep up with me.
B0058XH5D4 Design flaw (?) The shoes looked really nice and I loved the color but had to return it.They are poorly designed; the heel is too short. It makes one's tendon too stretched. Very uncomfortable to wear, certainly not recommended for running or for wearing long term.
B0058XH5D4 Love them I am a frequent flyer on the Amazon.com site and these shoes were my most recent purchase of pure satisfaction. I wear a 8.5, true to size fit. Color was bright and brilliant.  Package tracking was accurate from shipment to delivery. Shipment was on time, 7 days after my order :)  Completely Pleased.
B0058XH5D4 i returned them... all i returned all of these in the box they came in and now they are stating that i kept one pair... this is an unfair company and i will report it... there is no need for me to keep something i absolutely hate!!!!! they are 1 size too large and very wide at the top and!!! and ugly too...
B0058XH5D4 Good zumba shoes Bought these for zumba and am pretty happy with their performance for this purpose.  Only thing holding me back from giving them a 5 star rating is that my toes feel squished and I do not have a wide foot at all.  May need to give them some time to stretch and break in a bit more.  Overall pretty happy.
B0058XH5D4 just a pretty face These are so pretty and the price was right, but they are so hard to get on, even tho' once on they feel okay, it would be too much trouble to struggle with them. The toes also are wide and look strange, tho' they didn't feel wide once I got the shoes on
B0058XH5D4 Confortable Very confortableIt Is very niceThe combination of colors are perfectFor runining amazingGood pricePerfect for my mother
B0058XH5D4 LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! I bought a pair of Puma Voltaic IIs when I worked for Tyson, Inc. I loved them because I was on my feet for 8+ hours each day in 34 degrees and my feet were not killing me by the end of the day.I didn't know how I would like the Voltaic IIIs. The shipping was fastand they arrived in a nice reusable Puma bag. I had previously purchased the Men's Voltaic II, so it was a nice touch to find that the words on the mock tongue and "10cell" on the back were pink. It makes an otherwise masculine shoe look cute.They fit like a glove! I have a wide foot span thru the ball of my foot and a high arch, so the firm support in the middle is great. I like my shoes to fit snug and loosen with time, so these are PERFECT for me!! I can't wait to see the Puma Voltaic IV!!!
B0058XH5D4 My daughter likes them I bought these for track for my daughter.  She really likes them.  She said she likes that you don't have to fight with the tongue - it's built in.  She also wears them as everyday shoes, since they're black.
B0058XH5D4 Bright and Fun They are better looking than expected. Just a little wide but nothing I can't deal with. I would definitly recommend.
B0058XH5D4 TIGHT THESE SNEAKERS ARE LIKE TRYING TO WEAR A SOCK.  I MUST HAVE GOTTEN THE WRONG SIZE BUT MY FOOT WOULD NOT GO INTO THEM FORGET ABOUT WITH A SOCK.
B0058XH5D4 great but not for long runs This shoe is really cushy every but on the bottoms of feet.  They are fine for elliptical and shorter runs, and gym work but I wouldn't wear over 6 miles.  I do like how the tongue is attached so they stay in place all day!
B0058XH5D4 NOT the same as original Voltaic Looking to replace my Voltaic shoes, I tried these out - definitely not the same!! The "Voltaic" has fantastic cushioning, support, and fits my narrow feet extremely well. These "Voltaic 3" however are somehow wider, all the nice cushion around the toes seems to have been taken out and put into the ankle area. Very awkward and not comfortable at all. I can't recommend these shoes, move back to the original Voltaics if you can find them..
B0058XH5PM dont hesitate! these are great sneakers guys. most comfortable every day wear. They are fine for most athletic activities. Lack of shoelaces does voice concerns on staying on foot but if you are not doing martial arts and just walking around they are perfect. for the price you cant go wrong!
B0058XH5PM A Bit Tight so ware them to break them in. They fit a bit tight so after you break them in they feel OK and do stay on better than other types of shoes I have had like this.
B0058XH5PM better than i spect it at first I wasn't sure but when I got it on my hands it was just perfect a lot better than what i spect it
B0058XH5PM Great Fit! Having owned MANY pairs of sneakers in my lifetime, I can honestly say these are some of the most comfortable I have ever owned.  Plus, I love the ease of slip on. No laces to screw with!
B0058XH5PM Pricey but good I tried to find some kicks for my teenager, specially for use at school and this are an excellent option.  My kid have high and wide feet so laces are out of the question and these sneakers do the job.
B0058XH5PM Terrible sizing I am always a 10 - in any shoe and specifically all the many Puma's I have bought.  I exchanged them for 10.5's and these were also too small.  I then tried to exchange them for 11's but could not since they raised the price.  So now I just returned them for good.
B0058XH5PM Shoes fit well, tongue cover a bit high The shoes are great for quick slip-on and go -- they fit my feet well, as do almost all PUMAs. The tongue cover sits a bit high for my liking and looks a bit awkward on the otherwise sleek shoe. I considered doing a little sewing surgery before relegating these to gym use where I'm not concerned about the looks. I know, first world problems...
B0058XH5PM smooth look and good for drummers. This Puma is cool looking and work great for drummers. Because of the slip-on shoethat it is, you can change into them at the gig.
B0058XH5PM The Best Have been using this for last 5 months. Just loving it !!!Very stylish, but not ideal for long hours
B0058XH854 Christmas present Bought these for my daughter who asked for them for Christmas and she is delighted with them.  Uses them at the gym and finds them to be very comfortable.
B0058XH854 Fab shoe Bought these to replace my trusty old runners and they are perfect for hitting back on the trail.  Love them!
B0058XH854 Awesome This product came in and it was nicely placed in the box and wrapped up with bubble wrap and everything i love these shoes :)
B0058XH854 best! when first putting them on they were a little uncomfortable (flat footed) but after wearing them in they are great to run in and i can easily go 10 miles without feeling like there's anything there.
B0058XH854 Se rompieron broke in so little time?Stay updated I must do to return .... and change. Need a picture? da broke right where your thumb. It does not seem normal.
B0058XH854 I like these When these Puma's first arrived, I was a bit unsure of whether I would like them or not. I did not realize when I purchased them online that they don't have a true 'tongue', but they are actually one whole piece; the shoelaces aren't really necessary. Turns out, they're very comfortable and I get a lot of compliments on them. However, if you have wide or what you might consider 'fat' feet (no offense intended), I would recommend trying something else out. I have to wear thinner socks because the shoe doesn't allow for much stretch..especially on the top.
B0058XH854 bought for my wife my wife does zumba 1 time a week,and has for years .She has been through many  name brands of shoes  .She loves the puma ,very light and fits snug w/o feeling preasure on the foot..she said out of all the brands this puma is perfect for active and walking excercizing...
B0058XH854 Shoe Lover These are so sweet and comfy.....I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes!!!!!  I almost hate to go home and take them off!
B0058XH854 Great shoes These were order as a Christmas gift and we recieved them faster than other items order off of other sites.
B0058XH854 perfect beautiful shoes, colors not get everywhere, with red bags to take them to any place of good material and comfortable way
B0058XH854 I loved it They came in a bit darker purple than what it looked like on my personal screen, but I loved it. They fit very true to size, however, they may be a problem for wider feet because they're slip- on shoes and the ties are literally just there for show. I was surprised that the slip on style running shoe stayed tight enough to be comfortable and effective, but it did the job.
B0058XHACK Good shoes but disappointed. When I first got them they were for Mothers day! ie. i have been wanting them for a very long time. He gave them to me I started wearing them the first day Ive only had them 4 months but never wrote a review only because i want to make sure things work before giving a positive rating well yesterday i was walking to the store and my whole entire soul came out of the shoe. the plastic base that the foam is glued into was and is now taped ontop of my shoe in order to make it back home. IT Is a very comfortable shoe but im so saddened that it happened what a waste of 30 bucks and normally i do not pay that much for a flip flop im glad i wasnt working out or running (like they are exercise shoes anyways right) or it would have been worse. hope this was somewhat helpful..
B0058XHACK Great flip-flops! After trying dozens of pairs of flip-flops with all kinds of strange designs, I finally found these Puma's, and then ordered 2 more pairs. They have slight cushioning on the footbed, but not too much, and the bottoms are much more slip-resistant than others I have tried. The thong is fabric, but does take some breaking in, otherwise they are great, only wish they came in more colors, but would definitely recommend them to others!
B0058XHACK comfort buy this product for my mother and is delighted by the comfort and softness offering, says that fit very well
B0058XHCDM Steel Gray is Dark Gray and Purple Based on the picture, I thought the shoe would be a lighter gray and a blue/purple but in person the shoe is very dark gray and very royal purple. It fits nicely, but wasn't the color I expected so I'm contemplating a return.
B0058XHCDM FYI- these are NOT BLUE They are BRIGHT VIOLET. They are great besides that so I kept them...but they are NOT NOT NOT blue shoes.
B0058XHCDM SO comfy I am a cashier, and have to stand for 8ish hours a day, with no sitting down and lifting heavy turkeys and cases of soda at a constant pace. So I need sturdy, comfortable sneakers for my feet. They fit the bill, and work for a good jog with the dog every day!
B0058XHCDM Very comfortable These shoes were very very comfortable but be aware that these are not blue, they are a Purple!!  A very distinct purple.
B0058XHCDM runs small this sneaker runs small in the toe box.  the toe box narrows too much at the tip, and the leather trim over the toes is a bit stiff and compresses my big toe.  the cushion is also not as comfortable as a similar low profile model i have in Asics.  not one of Puma's finest.
B0058XHCDM there is obviously color difference with left and right! the size is fit and the delivery is on time. but the clear color difference at the leather part of left shoe, I suspected the shoe was displayed in store for long long time! My wife and I was so disappointed with Amazon when I found the order was direct handled by Amazon!
B0058XHCDM Cute but get dirty after walking 3 feet No kidding, these things will attract dirt everywhere. I usually love white sneakers and I don't mind keeping them clean since obviously any white shoe is going to get dirty. But these shoe are different because they are suede on the tip which makes it extremely difficult to clean, as well as the fabric above the suede is very absorbent and also very difficult to remove dirt. These were comfortable and true to size for the most part, but I will be returning because I like white shoes, not dingy shoes.
B0058XHD86 Not my favorite Puma flip flops These flip flops are super comfortable, but they are not my favorite. Unfortunately, Puma decided to discontinue my favorite ones which everyone seemed to like?!Oh well, these are a good back up.
B0058XHD86 Okay Quality is about a 5-6 kind of expected more for the price did arrive quickly overall okay maybe would buy again just would like for the material to be a little more comfortable
B0058XHD86 They are not the best... These flips are good for the price but definitely inferior to my reefs.  They do not provide much support at all and you can feel everything you walk over if it isn't a smooth surface, i.e., rocks.  I know that flip flops aren't ideal if you are looking for support, but I have been spoiled by my reefs.  Also, the pink graphics started to rub off within a month.
B0058XHD86 My favorite flip flops I bought these to replace a very similar pair of Puma flip flops that I bought a few years ago.  I never liked to wear flip flops because the part that went between my toes would cause irritation.  These flip flops didn't do that at all.  The fabric was soft, yet durable and they felt comfortable right away.  I wore these flip flops frequently for 3 summers straight before they started to break down.  I was so happy that I was able to find the same ones to replace my old ones on Amazon.
B0058XHD86 True size Well its true to size, durable, but I just use it in the locker room. I know it has good grip, cos I  was almost falling one day on the slippery wet locker room floor and was able to hold my feet firm on the ground.
B0058XHD86 Happy feet I love these flip flops. They are so comfy between the toes and the straps are so soft, I can walk in them all day. The color is beautiful. I have several pairs in different colors to my collection. I recommend this Seller. They were fast to deliver and price is excellent. I will buy more as other colors are displayed. Great job seller. I have happy feet once again.
B0058XHD86 too broad the design was okay but the slipper or flip flop was too broad for a ladies foot,unless you have a broad foot to fit it it may not fit you good
B0058XHD86 Comfortable! I have them for a week now, and i am satisfied with the price and comfort of this flip flop.i would recomend it to anyone.
B0058XHD86 flip flops Awesome, super light weight and comfortable these great flip flops match all my outfits and look great, they are the most comfortable sandals I own, I never want to take them off
B0058XHD86 love wore them everyday since i got them in the spring all the way through summer and they stayed soft and comfy the whole time surprisingly.
B0058XHD86 love them i just received my flip flops today....they look great and are comfortable...as for durability i dont know because like i said i just received them today....these flip flops are true to size...i wear an 8 1/2 thats what i ordered and they fit perfect
B0058XHD86 So very comfortable! I purchased these just because they looked comfortable and they are already my favorite flip flops! They are really cute too. I am going to get some other colors because I love them so much. The thing that goes between your toes is really soft and easy to get used to even if you don't normally wear thong types. I already got a compliment on them too!Sorry I have to edit my review but the flip flops have started leaving the bottom of my feet black! Who wants to look like they have dirty feet! I really thought the more expensive flip flops would not do this! I bought a pair of mint color to solve the problem. Also took a star away!
B0058XHD86 My feet are grateful. My feet can be very temperamental. I liked how comfy the straps fit on the top of my feet, no rubbing or blisters. The sole is thick enough to walk around without feeling everything on the ground. I wore them on vacation and after a day of walking my feet felt great! :)
B0058XHD86 Cheaply made but cheap to buy They are cheap flip flops - one step up from old navy. The fabric thong part are comfy more so than the plastic ones but the foam base is thin and flattens easily.
B0058XHD86 It's Your Basic Flip Flop This is your basic flip flop. The colors are vibrant, it's comfortable, and it looks great. The sole, however, is very thin, so unless you're walking on pavement, you will feel every rock, etc that you step on. I generally wear a size 7.5, so that is what I ordered, and it fits true to size.
B0058XHD86 Puma Flip Flops I love these flip flops.. Most comfortable EVER. I've worn this style for years now.Amazon is great.. Always carries what I'm looking for... Thanks Amazon!!!
B0058XHD86 Puma flip flops They feel good on my feet as I wear them doing my daily routine of gardening, housework, etc.  The fit is great.
B0058XHD86 weak the fabric is kind of weak haven't had these very long and the one side broke was really bummed about it :(
B0058XHD86 Cheap piece of foam These sandals weigh almost nothing and are flimsy. In a store, I wouldn't have paid more than $4 for them. I suppose you're just paying for the name brand. Anyway, they do look just like the picture and they fit as I expected, thus the 2 stars instead of 1.
B0058XHD86 Puma size 11 1/2  flip flops Love the color, I expected dark pink and I got it. The extra layer on sole is good too. The toe strap is soft ans cozy.
B0058XHD86 money well spent. fit just the way i expected them too. look just the same as they do in the picture. i wore them all summer and they held up to my tough wear and tear. ill be wearing them again next summer :)
B0058XHD86 Very comfy When I want to not wear anything on my feet but need to these are my go to flip flops. Feels like barefeet almost. Very ahppy with them.
B0058XHD86 not that good very flimsy soles. not that thick. not that compfortable. looks better in the picturefound better at target and walmart.
B0058XHDX6 excellent Happy with the product and service costs, packaging exajerado anything, the size of the product, which is not allowed me to pay overweight.
B0058XHEBM Fast These shoes came the next day. I ordered them for a child on the giving tree. I hope he liked them. I was pleased with how they look and the calue.
B0058XHEBM Noisy Shoes makes an annoying squeak on every step. All pumas I ever owned have never had this problem. Not sure if it's just bad batch?
B0058XHEBM All White! My hubby needed a comfy shoe that was completely white for his nursing uniform.  Although shoes with laces aren't ideal for nursing, these are great for being on your feet many hours. Even the logo is all white which is exactly what he needed.
B0058XHEBM Tis truly all leather Size is true, however they are leather, so a little tight. Not like the whirlwhinds at all. Bought them for one outfit and they go well with them, just not anything else.
B0058XHEBM Puma I had one years ago and the leather was a lot better than this new one. Otherwise, fine. Leather was somewhat fake.
B0058XHEBM Poor fit and design The toe end of the Roma Basic narrows oddly such that is puts pressure on the joint-line of your feet.  The ankle opening is also oddly large so pants don't fall cleanly over, but bunch up at the top of the shoe instead.  Not recommended.
B0058XHEBM Great value! These Pumas are extremely light weight, soft, and comfy.  There very good for casual walking distances.  The uppers clean up easily, also.  I've spent twice this amount for Rockports, etc... and not been this happy.
B0058XHEBM Style These shoes are exactly as they look in the pictures. The navy/red are noticeable anytime you wear them and are comfy for any amount of walking.
B0058XHEBM Not leather Like several others, I was very upset and disappointed that these shoes are in fact not leather! The item title AND description both say leather upper, but when you get the shoe, it is not leather.
B0058XHEBM Fast delivers and great price I for these for my husband. He really need some new shoes and they were not even that expensive, I will be buying more whose pretty soon. Theses were just for special events.
B0058XHEBM Dressy Sneakers I really like these sneakers and they look good with jeans.  These are light weight and comfortable and have gotten several compliments already.
B0058XHEBM No Leather I could not find any leather in this sneakers, I'm very dissapointed,it is written here about this product that upper is leather made, but it is not,it is made of "other material".
B0058XHEBM very pleased. Comfort and give better grip of the surface I purchased them for my son who plays Capoeira many years .... very pleased. Comfort and give better grip of the surface.
B0058XHEBM Undersize and Very Light I normally like Puma products, but I'm not sure about this one. It's probably a full size undersize. What really bothers me is the feel of the material. The shoes are extremely light in weight and the material feels substandard but I'm not sure at this point what to do. They will probably make a return trip to Amazon because of my apprehension about the material and of course the undersize.
B0058XHEBM styling It fits well making my foot look neat and small.  it can be dressed up or down i love it.
B0058XHEBM Just like a puma Aside from normal breaking in, I would definitely recommend these to any avid Puma enthusiasist. Lightweight shoe, a nice snug fit but if you're within the ranges of 9.5-10 for sneakers, order an 11. Pumas have always historically ran small.
B0058XHEBM squeaks the shoes squeak when walking. The supposed leather tongue slides up and down the wall of the shoe making the annoying noise, hard to sneak up on somebody without getting heard.
B0058XHEBM Puma Shoes Bought for a good price, classic look. The front toe bumper came loose within 2 weeks of wearing but was easy to fit with a little super glue. First time buying Puma brand thought they would have held up a little more but they are comfortable for a person with big feet.
B0058XHEBM Wish they made a wide variety. Great shoes! These are all I buy and wear out. Besides all the weird colors and color combinations, I have almost all styles of these Romas.
B0058XHEBM Bought for the future Tried them on and they are the right size, they will be used for walking, I am in my 70's, and to keep this old body in shape, I walk every day.
B0058XHEBM Unsticking shoes. I bought this shoe on August month-end and two months later and the front is unsticking already. Closely examining it shows me that they forgot to stick that part so I'm disappointed in this product I have purchase. I hope you all can rectify it by examining the shoes before the customer receive them.
B0058XHEBM I like the look The shoes serve the purpose of what I need them for, a casual sporty shoe that is light weight.  I do tend to get toe drag on carpet sometimes.  I do like the look.
B0058XHEBM great thanks, was not the exact style that i wanted but looks pretty cool cant wiat to were it summer is almost here
B0058XHEBM Best puma so far I use these treadmill and lifting weights.  I use my Asics for squats and these for upper body workouts.  Theses are like my Nike Cortez's except they have a leather tongue instead of Nike's stupid nylon one.  The leather tongue is very luxurious and puts Nike to shame which makes me sad because I like Nike.  I wear these with Puma shirts as to match and so far okay but they need dark navy Puma logos instead of off blues and sissy girl colors like candy or windows 8 start menu.I used to like Puma Suede's but last pair hurt my feet after walking on sidewalks for long amounts of time.  I am not sure why that happened.  Seemed weird like they used to be more comfortable.  Maybe I got a bad pair.Had/have a pair of Puma Dallas I never wear because they are too loose in the width and about 1/2 or more too long.  They slip off the heel when running no matter how tight I lace them (which makes them look long and too skinny and just funny) and they wiggle when I squat which is dangerous and annoying.  The low heel is nice but who cares if it wiggles, how can I lift confidently with wiggle?Puma whirlwind had stupid nubby outsole which looked like dumb golf cleats and worse hurt my feet when I was walking to the mall and in the mall.  On hard surfaces the nubs make a funny noise and people stared at me obviously amused by my choice of footwear.  They click clacked on the hard tile so not good choice for out and about activities.  Maybe sprinting on clay track or grass turf.  Stay off concrete/asphalt/indoor surfaces.The G. Villas seem nice tennis shoe comparable to my Kswiss Classics so I might try them but I do not need tennis shoes right now.  If I did I would rather G Unit Reebox's.The speed cats piqued my interest some time ago but I was not sure if the sleek styling was suitable for casual wear, too European.  I could definitely see the value as sports trainers am I really liked when the outsole was good year rubber tire inspired.  Kind of like racing car slicker tires i.e. less tread more traction.  Now I am into working out more so these would be more appropriate for me as long as I did not combine the with no show socks as is a current trend.  I need coverage on my Achilles plus like wearing Nike quarter crews so you can SEE the logo.  No show's have logo on bottom of sock wear you can not see it, how stupid is that.All in all these are probably the best puma I have had not to low like the speed cats which would have to be purely sports trainers.  I can wear these with jeans and look cool like they are Adidas superstars or something.  Low shoes look bad with jeans unless you are bisexual and wear tight jeans or something.  I wear looser jeans so low shoes tend to be paired training shorts.  I can bench press with loose jeans and look normal.So these worked for the money , look good for casual, knocked off the Asics Corsair's/Nike Cortez but as least incorporated a leather tongue which should be almost mandatory, and are okay for sports and training.  Not hardcore running or atg squats but bench pressing, leg pressing, light track work etc.
B0058XHEBM Style and Comfort I am an avid Puma fan, I have all different styles...these shoes arrived quicker than expected. They are very comfortable and flexible, but not to the point that the shoe becomes modified. You can't go wrong with this purchase!
B0058XHEBM Eunh, they cool Not as swaggy as I thought they were, the color is cool but the style may tKe a little getting used to.-lamar
B0058XHEBM Minor errors but still okay Some stitching errors and some glue marks but overall it's ok. Haven't get to wear it though but materials wise, it feels good =)
B0058XHEBM some what are small it hurt my foot!  because somewhat are small.actually i want to change the item few days later.i want to choose a better one
B0058XHEBM Geninune leather ? Actually I bought it for my husband . The size fits as expected but he has dought about it is real leather or not would you confirm this issue ? Thanks!
B0058XHEBM cool got them for my brother and they fit perfect. this was even better than going to the store to buy some
B0058XHEBM Looks Decent.. My only complaint is that i thought these Roma's wouldnt look so clunky/big as compared to all white Romas i currently own..  I dont know if its my imagination or not but they seem 'bulkier'.
B0058XHEBM Not bad, puma... These take a little bit of time to break in, they start off pretty tight compared to other pairs of Romas I've owned.  That said, for the price, these are pretty sweet.
B0058XHEBM Puma's Sneakers that I bought I was very satisfied with my purchase and I intend to do more buying with Amazon. I received a lot of compliments about these shoes.
B0058XHEBM I hope they stretch It's probably a mistake to try to buy shoes online, but I've worn the same size shoe for many years so I thought it would be okay to try.  The length is right but the fit is a bit too snug.  I hope they stretch.
B0058XHEBM Do not order Perfect shoes.  Got them awhile back. But! Do not order from this seller. Somehow they let my card number out and someone tried using it in texas. Had to get a new card and payed bills late because it caused my account to lock up
B0058XHEBM Very stylish shoes Haven't had them long, so I cannot speak on durability. But fit as described and accurately. Very stylish, awesome kicks.
B0058XHEBM Puma Retro Sneakers I bought these Puma old school sneakers for myself. They are clean, crisp and very comfortable. Some sneakers pinch my toes, not these, plenty of room and cushion to make them a joy to wear. Great retro sneakers to add to your shoe collection.
B0058XHEBM They are okay Shoes are light and attractive. Not the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn but will suffice. Overall... Okay I guess
B0058XHEBM great fit They feel comfortable. It doesnt come off when im doing a lot of movement. I use them for work every day.
B0058XHEBM Eh Pumas arnt for me, the size was a little different than what I'm used to, but overall everything was good
B0058XHGRE not the most comfortable I have been buying Pumas for a few years now. These were not nearly as comfortable as some of the past ones that I have bought. Unfortunately many of the ones I bought in the past are no longer available on Amazon.
B0058XHN6I Not recommend I don't recommend this product to anyone. I have other puma ballerinas and this one is more straight and not confortable.I return to my country with a product that i don't like.
B0058XHN6I cute shoe, must have screwed up at the factory I bought these shoes. It's hard to find an athletic ballet flat that's not too clunky. These are cute and sleek looking. However, the top seam near the big toe badly cut into the top of my foot. I thought that they would stretch with further wear. They didn't. I had them professionally stretched twice. In the end, I had to cut a small notch in the mesh top seam. I think that no one at the factory checked the fit, or else the shoe designer goofed, I don't think anyone inspected or tested this shoe. Most reviews are fairly negative about the narrowness of the fit, but the company has made some updated colors. Hopefully they corrected the fit problem. I expect better inspection and fit from this company.
B0058XHN6I ouch! I returned these. They are not comfortable at all. That glossy side strap and the space under it was all scratchy. I bought some other Puma ballerinas that were better.
B0058XHN6I It's okay I bought this product for my mom for her birthday because she really, REALLY wanted it. She was really excited for the product but she was a bit disappointed because after walking in it for a short while the edges cut her feet. I told her maybe she needs to walk around in it a bit more BUT after several times of using it..it STILL cut her feet so what's the point buying a product when she's not comfortable wearing it and yes, she boguht her correct size and everything. It was a bit disappointing.
B0058XHN6I Uncomfortable Shoes are not comfortable.  Very little toe room and shoe rubs edge of foot under big toe.  Would not buy.
B0058XHN6I question Where are these shoes? because they have not come to Venezuela from December, I'm upset and disappointed. I hope to answer, is the second email I send
B0058XHN6I Comfy but tight around the ball of foot After trying on 7.5 and 8.5 in store, I figured that 8's would fit prefectly.  Well, they are a tad tight around the ball of my foot and so after several hours, they start to get uncomfortable.  However, to go out for a few hours they're comfy and look great.
B0058XHN6I Luv the design but not the color I luv Puma ballet shoes in general, and these are one more great design by Puma.I always wear size 10, which is no exception here, unlike the other reviewers.These are tight, but as with all Puma ballet designs, you have to break them in for them to fit correctly.If you order a size bigger, then once you break them in, they won't fit & will likely be too big to wear you're straining your foot to keep these on.I like the design, how light weight they are, and the overall fit.With all that being said, I am most likely returning/exchanging these for a different color.I ordered the blue thinking it was a true bright blue, however the color is more of a periwinkle which I don't want because if I wanted a purple-ish color then I'd order the purple!I really wish they would have made these a brighter, more true blue!!!!!!I will most likely get the gray/silver in hopes they are not a shiny silver, and more of a gray...
B0058XHN6I Would not buy again The right shoe is fine.  The left one, near the big toe, the edge is super tight and grinds into my foot.  Very painful.  Not so cute either. They look great in the picture, but when I wear these, or try to wear these, they make my feet look enormous!  Due to the very shallow toe area, i.e. lots of toe cleavage.I own the other Puma Ballet flats which are fabulous, but these are a dud.
B0058XHN6I did not fit me I usually buy size 6, but it did not fit (and my feet are thin). As I live abroad, I could not change and had to give it to a cousin....
B0058XHN6I Great Size Awesome shoes; make sure you measure you feet before you bought becuase the sizes are alittle different!  I have gotten so many complements!  I love Puma, and will be buying more through Amazon!  Just a note since I have had them I got them wet...still look great, but now smell bad : (
B0058XHN6I Too hard Great design, but shoe is hard and does not fit well over the toe arra.  Cut o ut design on side does not lay flat against foot.  Returned purchase.
B0058XHO94 Bring back memories. Going back to school 1986 was the first year I was able to purchase this shoes with my own money working that summer. Brings back great memories.
B0058XHQMO Weird material I read the review about these being paper thin, which they are and was ok with me.  They are definitely casual wear, do not expect to do anything athletic in them. I expect they'll hold up ok with light/moderate use. They are super light and comfy BUT the material that makes the upper that way makes it sound like you are walking around on tissue paper.  If you're somewhere quiet, these shoes won't be.  Also, the material under the mesh outside creased in the toe area in just a day.  It looks a little funny to me, but I doubt others notice it like I do.  They make for a nice, light summer shoe.  I would keep them out of rain and dirt and will not recommend them as active-wear.
B0058XHQN8 :( I chose this rating because it didn't come how it was told it would be sold. I got this item thinking that it would be a brand new item which that what the condition said in the staus, and I got the product and it had stains on the shoes and they had been worn!
B0058XHQN8 Not the most comfortable cross trainer I bought this shoe for combat and step class and on the recommendations of the reviews and a fitness magazine. They are lightweight provide cushion but my foot slips around the shoe just a little bit. The inside strap that wraps around my foot isn't very snug. The top part is very stiff and cuts around my foot/ankle where I tie them and it just downright uncomfortable. I have tried re-lacing them as well as retyping them several times during class. Not very happy at all.
B0058XHQN8 Good shoe I haven't worn these much yet, but the couple times I did it was for a long time and I spent most of the time on my feet.  They were comfortable the whole time.  I got a 7.5 which is what I wear in Nikes and most other brands.  They fit ok, but are a little loose for my liking.  I think a 7 would be too small, so I will wear thicker socks.  For buying online without seeing or trying them on it worked out better than I expected.  I love Amazon selction and service.
B0058XHQN8 the best sneakers i have ever purchased I spin at the gym then I do some cardio classes, these are the best sneakers and comfy my feet did not hurt
B0058XHSMC Loved it but it's not durable Cool and comfy shoes but lasted only for the 2 months of summer. So disappointed. Will try vans next time
B0058XHSMC The red is not red These are cute shoes....I own 2 pairs and thought it would be nice have the red color....turns out that the red is not red it's pink! I do not like them amd will be sending these back......the color should be named pink rouge. Size down these run big.
B0058XHSMC Just OK Received the shoes quickly and were well packaged so high marks to the seller.  The shoes themselves were a slightly modified pair of Keds and lacked the style was hoping for.  Found the fabric to be very thin and many loose threads along the seams.  Will likely use them around the house.
B0058XHSMC Tekkies I have been searching for these! I am so happy the company has them. Like others, the color is more of a fusia pink shade. Nonetheless, i love them!
B0058XHY3K Great Would have been perfect if more sole was softer
B0058XHY3K Great Shoes for the price For under $40, these really can't be beat. I don't use these for anything particularly athletic, but they remain plenty comfortable on long walks with the wife and chasing my daughter around the yard. I've only had them a couple of weeks so I cannot speak to their longevity quite yet but they seem to be very well made. Certainly a higher quality than anything you would expect to get at this price point.The color isn't the easiest to match but they I've got several compliments on them around the office. Getting the orange/white ones next.
B0058XHY3K very cool....and comfy! Ok....so the first time I wear these to the grocery store...a random guy asks me where I got them...these are that cool!  Also...I usually wear orthotics in my shoes....they wouldn't fit...but oddly enough I don't need them.  They are super comfy!  One last thing...I own MANY puma sneaks...but these are up there as one of my fav...next to a purple pr that I have.
B0058XHY3K It has been returned returned
B0058XI38A Not comfortable but, it doesn't have to be For me, I don't find sandals very comfortable and these are no exception.  I wear them around the house, to the beach, or anytime I don't want my shoes to get wet; however, I never wear them on walks or driving.  Not that any of this is important information about the sandal itself, I just wanted to give a good background to my personal use.  With my average use, the sandal has not been broken in over 2-3 months but it is also not falling apart.All that being said, they are great sandals.  They look great and have held up over this summer.  The surface is easy to clean unlike others that often get sand and dirt trapped in fabric and/or crevices.  The strap is tough and strong with just enough room to make sliding it on a breeze without it constantly falling off.  It gets good reviews because it looks good and serves it purpose while maintaining it's durability.I'd buy them again.
B0058XI7ZO PUMA Ballet like very much. great traction on hardwood floors...to perform quick stretches or yoga moves.. Works great as far as quickslip-ons...
B0058XIG3W My blue swade shoes I used to wear very similar shoes in high school back in the early seventies. I was surprised to find that they were being made it again. I loved mine then, and I'm very happy with my purchase 40+ years later.
B0058XIS0I I like it Well, I am not good at commenting something.  If you are a F1 ferrari fan, just like me, you will like it.  Otherwise, you will feel it doesn't worth the money you spend.
B0058XIVRS happy i wanted this shoe when i saw it! I'm a 10, i ordered a 10, and it fits. i'm not a runner so i cannot speak on actual 'performance' but for everyday wear they are fine. i like them!
B0058XIVRS Disappointment I love puma most of my kicks are puma. However these didn't last very long. At 190lbs these sneakers lost its shape very fast, I started walking lap sided, which could have caused some type of fracture. In 5 months they were ready for the trash.
B0058XIVRS Like walking in slippers I own two pairs of these and love them!  They are extremely comfortable and have the ease of slip on and off without knotted shoe laces.
B0058XIVRS Made my feet look huge Was excellent quality but the style just was not for me, my feet looked like a 10-12 and i am a 6.5.  Had to return them.
B0058XIVRS Not quite as expected ..so far notice Find them tight although suppose to be medium , especially the back and side of the eel .. that part also looks bulky...yet to wear them all day ... I hope to be pleasantly surprised
B0058XIVRS Puma I love these shoes, the walk a litte bit funny in the beginning.I have small feets but the are great.So bad that they do not deliver it to the Netherlands.My luck I came to the USA in September so they where deliver to the hotel.
B0058XIVRS Bad back and arch support Shoes are light and easy to put on, however the arch support and comfort they offer is very poor, I would go to bed every night in excruciating pain.
B0058XIVRS wow What a surprise to find such great shoes.  I'm hard to fit with problems walking and managing laces.  These are perfect; light, supportive, all-day comfy.
B0058XIVRS Love the looks... Got 8.5, too tight in toes. Got a 9, too big; and still tight in toes.  Very disappointed because comfortable except for that issue. And I think they look rather cool. Not much arch support.
B0058XIVRS beatiful beatiful shoes, price and cuality  in one par of this shoes, love it. 100% recomendedthe combination of the colors is perfect
B0058XIVRS Comfortable casuals These neat looking Pumas are the big cat's meow. They were extremely comfortable right out of the box. Theirsystem of construction allows the feet to breathe, and remain cool. The sole is supportive for walking on any terrain.I like the mildly elastic slip-in foot entrance with the Velcro closure which stays closed, contouring to the side of thefoot. The size is perfect when wearing light to medium weight socks. I have had compliments on the color and theshoe. I would like to see more bright colors in this same style. I highly recommend this attractive and fits to your footlike a glove shoe.
B0058XIVRS I shouldn't have believed the other reviews I bought these based on the other reviews. I found these to be narrow, and the white decorative stitching rubbed on my toes on the inside. Yes, I typically wear athletic shoes sockless. If I had socks on, they'd have been even narrower. Returning. Cute but no cigar.
B0058XIVRS Different Unique, stylist, feels like a slipper and light like a slipper. The shoe isn't true to size a little tight.
B0058XJ9VK Disappointed! Bought these because I needed a comfortable shoe that would also work with capris or casual dresses.They are cute but not comfortable.  I've tried wearing "footsies" with them but still having trouble across the toes.  The heel does not fit snugly so they also work up & down when I walk.I'm hoping that once I break them in they'll be better.
B0058XJE3I Very Nice!!! I purchased this while I was deployed because I had no shower shoes.  The got to me amazingly quick being it was going overseas and I really loved it.  I have had them for about a year and they are still going strong.  Thanks
B0058XJH3U Durable, quick and long lasting This is my third pair of these (different colors...) and they are my favorite. Been thru Nike and New Balance, but these are the best I've found. After 5 back surgeries, I can't run, but I can sure walk! Switching to the Puma's from Nike's took my mile time down from 14:15 to 13:45 consistently - never thought a shoe would make that much difference but it does. And my feet feel better after my ~ 5 mile trek. Great value too.
B0058XJJ88 Thinly layered A bit loose but overall good.Though I was expecting a solid layering but are too thin. Not sure how durable they gonna be.
B0058XJJ88 Love these! I started doing Crossfit and my traditional Asics gels just weren't cutting it. I switched to these and they are perfect. I even prefer running in them over the Asics that I have worn for many years. They are lightweight, comfortable and even look cute
B0058XJJ88 another turned up toe area Ran a little short and wide.Lifted toe area not good for me. I liked their lightness and thickness of sole otherwise,
B0058XJKSM A must have I have been using Puma leather flip flops for the last eight years (everyday at home) . This item is great for indoor and outdoor use. Has a GREAT quality. This one that has Ferrari sign is in double in price compare to the other ones (not availabke now) I used to get, but still worth every penny I have paid for it. My son uses those as well. Those are men's flip flops. I'm a women, I just order size 7 in men's to accomidate women' size 8.5. I won't be wearing them outside as the Ferrari sign makes it manlier.
B0058XJKSM PUMA Surfrider SF Ferrari Sandal Exceeds All Expectations Given PUMA's casual sandal design, it has proven to be extremely comfortable and most stylish.  Unlike many imitators, the construction is well made, sturdy and feels comfortable while engaging in almost any activity.  Most remarkably, they feel as comfortable as they look--with great style, purpose and understated flare.  In fact, they are so comfortable, that I am now considering a second pair to wear exclusively within my home!  Congratulations, PUMA for getting it done so beautifully!
B0058XJP0A SMH These are not casual everyday sneakers, they are meant to be worn while riding a motorcycle. They are not meant to be worn to take walks or runs for that matter. They are equivalent to riding boots.
B0058XJP0A i not like I bought these shoes in black and I arrived in Miami in this color! Not because it confused if clearly specified color, size and model
B0058XJP0A Well built Puma has always made excellent shoes although they come in narrow styles. I purchased this as it closely look like the ones worn by the MotoGp pit crew, it is also very stylish.
B0058XJP0A What Can I Say What can I say it's a PUMA. I just love these sneakers so much in fact that I got every color Ducati. It feel good on my feet and goes well with my custom tracksuits. It would even better if they offer more colors.
B0058XJP0A The dude equivalent of stiletto heel foot destroyers... I've been buying Pumas for years, and on Amazon for maybe 5 years?  Anyway, I know the brand and am used to a few things:  Pumas are stylish, comfortable, and almost always elegant/lightweight.  These shoes are stylish, but they are not light/elegant, and so far they are not that comfortable.  The shoes are made mostly out of what at first looks like solid plastic/rubber stuff but on closer inspection is really a super fine mesh of synth fiber, mostly.  There are also parts of the uppers (in the heel) and the sole that really are solid plastic, you make this clunky sound like you're wearing dress shoes when walking in these things.  They're definitely not elegant, and the uppers don't really breathe so you will probably want to slip them off to let your feet breathe if you wear them more than a couple hours so as to not cook your feet.There were definitely concessions to fashion with this shoe, it does actually manage to evoke a lot of the style of a Ducati in footwear which probably wasn't easy but it does it at the expense of comfort.One thing I did (accidentally) that made them more comfortable was running up 3 flights of stairs.  They now have a sort of origami crease in their super rigid upper material at the ball of the foot, which is a slight visual blemish but makes them more wearable.
B0058XJS0C Not for me Uncomfortable in length but is cut lower than I prefer across the arch and feels loose and sloppy at heel.
B0058XJSEI Meh, not right for me Didn't like them, seemed too flimsy and not enough support to really be able to work out/run in them. I decided to return them and find a pair that were light AND supportive instead (Nike).
B0058XJSEI light and tough Only reason not a 5 is because excpecting to be black and purple not light grey and purple. very light not heavy at all
B0058XKSCY Sore Feet I've been wearing these everyday for 2 months and they are killing my feet. They should have broken in by now...
B0058XKSCY too bad I was excited about them until I wore them for 5 minutes. There was a defect where the insole was glued too high on the outside edge of one of the shoes and it was immediately uncomfortable. I do like the way they look but am returning them.
B0058XKSCY lighty and airy i LOVE these shoes!! i've always had great luck with puma, and these are so "light" to walk in!  i definately recommend this product.
B0058XKSCY Puma Women's Pumagility XT Cross Training Shoe I received my order quickly. The shoes are very comfortable,but a bit too stretch laterally.  The insole is not removable, so I could not insert my orthodics, which is disappointing.
B0058XKSCY Really cute on! I was looking for black and purple sneakers and I figured on spending $60-$80. I saw these for $38.50, delivery included. I was sceptical because of the price, but couldn't find anything I liked under $100 and decided to try them. I'm happy I did. They look cuter on than in the pic! They are very light and comfortable. They are supportive but not for a runner. I still might put in a pair of arch supports, but I have high arches so don't be scared off by that. They are well ventilated. Part of the uppers is a sturdy mesh material. I like them very much.
B0058XKSCY Returned I returned these shoes.  They did not look or feel as though they would hold up well.  They fit true to size but were not very comfortable.  These were returned.
B0058XKUMM beautiful color however runs small I was very excited to recieve my purchase in the mail. Like the other reviewer said the colors look much more saturated in person. Only thing is they fit very narrow. It's upsetting to have to send them back cause they look so cool
B0058XKUMM False marketing The one reviewer who said that these Puma Roma shoes are not leather was correct.  The description on the label in the shoes states that the upper is made of "other materials+leather".  That is because only the toe and heel suede parts are leather.  The rest of the upper is not.  This is false marketing.  The shoe is obviously a cheap shoe to make, being synthetic,  and the synthetic material that constitutes 80% of the upper is a type that I believe will easily pick up dirt, and be impossible to clean well.  Therefore, I am returning it.
B0058XKUMM beautiful shoes colors are more saturated in person, especially the yellow color...yellow looks more like yellow-green in person but not too far from the picture
B0058XKUMM Workout shoes for my girlfriend I bought these for Xmas for my girlfriend, she loves them. They're very light weight and cushion well. They look as advertised and the purple/ pink color really pops. Im glad I took the risk not knowing if the size would run big or small, they fit great. Definitely would buy again, easy 5 star rating.
B0058XLB5W Puma Lily Very cute shoe. Most of it (except the toe area) is made of a nylon-type fabric that appears would wear well, and repel water. The heel is wonderfully padded around the back. I just wish there was more padding on the bottom, especially the ball-of-foot area. If it came in brown, I'd be ecstatic.
B0058XLB5W beautiful And comfortable These shoes are beautiful, very comfortable and I'm very happy with my purchase. The package was in perfect condition and they are true to size. I purchased the new navy and the gray violet ones.
B0058XLB5W Too short I usually wear a 5.5 in Puma, and when these seemed a little short, I thought it was probably to allow the fabric to stretch.  Unfortunately, that has never happened, so I just wear them rarely.  They are cute, though, and I get compliments on them.
B0058XLJQI very comfortable very comfortable, you can walk a long time with no problem. It fits very well at the foot feels free.
B0058ZYUDU Does the job Not overly impressed with the quality of this product, but it should do what I need it to!  Plastic is a little flimsy.
B0058ZYXFA Very comfy. I picked these up and have had no problems being uncomfortable while working out.  I started wearing them off and on for daily activities and they're very comfy all day.
B005901IP2 terrible! poorly made!! These sneakers are horrible! The right shoe is much much smaller than the left shoe. The width is too tight and the sneaker is too short length-wise. You also can not wear these sneakers when it rains. No proper grip. I've slipped several times and the last time I fell and had to be taken to the hospital, was prescribed muscle relaxers and pain killers... smh. In all my years I've never had a problem like this before. I totally regret buying these pumas with a gift card that was given to me for my birthday. total waste of money.
B005901UOG First she hated them..... then she loved them So, I got these for my wife. Now I should say, that I was a bit apprehensive. These aren't totally her style. But I got them and was curious to see what she would think.At first, she hated them. She thought that they were too flashy for her to wear. In fact she absolutely refused to wear them. I kept asking her to try them... maybe they would be really comfortable. No, No, No.... the more I tried to get her to try them, the more she refused.Then a funny thing happened. A few of her friends saw them. Not only did they think it was a nice thing that I got her shoes, but they actually really liked them... a lot. Well, I am sure you see where this is going. Shortly after they told her this, she was eager to try them on, and you know what - SHE LOVES THEM. She has said on many occasions that they are very comfortable and enjoys them quite a bit. In fact, now when people ask her about them, she isn't as pessimistic about design of them.Personally, I like the way they look. The main color of the shoe is a nice gray with the purple and green accent them nicely.But I should say, that shoes are a very personal thing. It is very possible that what feels wonderful to my wife may not for other people. But if you are willing to try, these should be a pair to strongly consider.In conclusion, I want to throw a quick shout out to my wife for finding the humor in this review.
B005901UOG Excellent comfort This product came in a size smaller than what I normally wear, however I could get my foot into it so I'm thinking these shoes run a little bigger than normal. The cushioned insole felt like sinking into velvet foam. I'd wear these everywhere, even though the colors are ugly in my opinion. It looks very well made with lots of attention to the heel and toe so I doubt it will wear out quickly.
B005901UOG Nice! Puma and Adidas are two German shoe companies started by competing brothers in the '40s. Puma is much less well known here in the US but just as famous in Germany.This is a very nice shoe. Two things to look for in these cross trainers are weight and cushioning (all other things such as being equal). This is because the heavier the shoe the more weight you have to carry, and cushioning equates to comfort.First, this pair of shoes comes in an eco-friendly no box package. To save paper, the shoes come in a bag. The sole is about an inch thick in the back and tapers to the front, it's quite comfortable and provides quite a bit of cushioning and support. Because the uppers is mostly made out of mesh and is quite light. Overall, it's quite comfortable and feels good. At the current price, it's not a bad deal.
B005901UOG Lighten up with this sneaker! I ordered these for my daughter, but since the two of us have the roughly the same size foot I was able to sneak in a trial fitting myself, too. I ordered a 6.5 and found that they fit me very well when I typically wear either a 6 or 7 depending on the brand. I have a slightly wide foot and these were very comfortable.The picture you see is incredibly accurate for coloring. These are a great neutral with fun bright accents and my 23 year old loves the look. I would wear them to the gym but probably would be self-conscious wearing them out and about myself. Not a problem since she took them and ran, quite literally. The only thing that might not show clearly is how lightweight the grey fabric is on the upper. It is slightly textured and breathable and the entire shoe is very flexible and light.There is no significant arch support, though these are very comfortable without it. For those who are serious about support in the arch, slide in arch supports could be substituted. Our entire family tends to pull the base of the shoe and use custom or semi-custom running supports for greater support in all of our shoes and sneakers.Great style, good buy, worth a try!
B005901UOG Workout Friends For years, my staple workout sneaker has provided comfort, but lacked style.  I now believe that I have discovered the best of both worlds (comfort and style) in PUMA Women's Pumagility Cross-Training Shoe.  They are extremely lightweight and are as comfortable as slippers, making them perfect for anything from a workout in the gym to a quick trip to the grocery store.  The shoes run accurate to size and have plenty of toe space.  The eye catching colors have added a new flair to my workout wardrobe.
B005901UOG Accurate sizing, fun colors, great support HOW I USE THESE: I like to run, but I haven't tried them for that because I had knee surgery two months ago and am not yet cleared to run. I have worn these for long walks (by myself, with two dogs, and with two kids), physical therapy appointments (including lunges, squats, and heel raises), and cardio machines (elliptical and bike mostly). I have rheumatoid arthritis in addition to the recent knee surgery, so support and comfort are crucial to me, and these definitely met my needs.SIZING: I usually wear an 8 and ordered an 8. They fit perfectly, so they are true to size.COLOR: The picture on my screen was an exact representation of the real-life color. If you look at the picture, you can note that the purple Puma swoosh on the side is a little more of a classic purple color while the base of the shoe is slightly more plum. The lime green areas are BRIGHT, but I like it that way. Unlike the picture, though, the gray Puma embroidered at the toe isn't very obvious, nor is the texture on the gray fabric toward the toe. The texture near the heel is pronounced, though, and looks very nice.SUPPORT/COMFORT: I was worried these might not provide enough support, because the toe box is on the roomy side and because I couldn't feel much to any arch support, which I usually need. However, these are now my go-to sneakers for working out and wearing around town.COMPARISON TO OTHER BRANDS: I've used New Balance, Saucony, and Nike in the past, and these are my favorite. I haven't worn Pumas since middle school, so I can't compare them to other Pumas.
B005902WHA I Initially I was sent the wrong size but it was promptly and courteously fixed. Fit how I wanted and I love the color.
B005904BRE Snazzy kicks! I wanted something both nice to look at and supportive for walking/ cross-training.  Boy did I hit the nail on the head. This shoe is really sharp.  I got the black/silver metallics/dew berry. It is a snazzy shoe and is exactly as pictured. Great side support ( I have a wide foot) and sizing was right on.  I will absolutely be a repeat customer.
B005904BRE Third Try I orginally purchased these for my Insanity workouts, but within a few minutes of the warm up my feet were throbbing. Tried it again a few days later with the same results(minus a star). Three weeks later I decided to wear them for my brisk walks and they were perfect. So now they are my walking shoes instead of my Insanity shoes.
B005908V0M Puma I was looking forward to getting those shoes. But I returned them. They are so big around my foot (from the outside, looks "puffy" and bulky). I am 7.5. There are very light though. I just didn't care for how HUGE they looked on my foot.
B00591BYFK Puma Good MorningI wonder when will I get my order as it was requested and the date 23/08/2012 and received not
B00591BYFK Confortable make sure you pick the right number. they didn't have 10 so i took the 9.5 with the correct sox i would be fine.good materials
B00591O4VQ thought they where white they fit as expected and they are OK but I thought they where white
B00591VZ4A Perfect match to the pants Comfortable and warm.  Better quality than the adidas climacool wind jackets I had been buying.  The side vents keep it from getting too hot.  Bought the matching pants and another set in the other color too.
B00591YGN2 Cool Shirt, Poor Quality This shirt is super thin and horribly see-through. So much so that I had to return it. Too bad, it's a pretty cool shirt otherwise.
B00593FR24 Its Puma! Expect anything different?! This product is both smooth, sleek and stylish all in one! Its truly a head-turner....thanks so much Puma...rock on guys!
B00593FWR4 very upset!!!! The product is very good and was a gift.So I chose to send as a gift and it left the price of the gift inside the box.Now, if I chose and paid to send as a gift is not supposed that the price tag should be removed?I am very upset by this that has happened.
B00593FWS8 I feel so fast... This is a super sharp looking jacket.  I don't, however, agree with it being labeled as a "softshell".  Softshells are generally windproof (or very nearly so), and at least water resistant even if it's from being treated with a DWR.  This jacket will only block 5, maybe up to 10 MPH winds.  It's not water resistant at all.  It's a very dressed up polyester zip-up hoodie and I give it 5 stars only evaluating it as such and disregarding price.  It's warm, comfy, and well made.  You will not find a better looking hoodie that will fetch more compliments. And I swear I'm faster when I wear my Ferrari jacket around.
B00593G854 Cool Looking Jacket It is a good walking jacket.  I think the fit around the elbows is a little weird -- not very flexible.  Therefore, I wouldn't wear this jacket during sports (golf or warm-ups).
B00593GHYG perfect gift I ordered two of these jackets/sweatshirts for christmas as gifts for a 16 year old boy and 12 year old boy.  They both appeared very happy and they fit perfectly.  They are made of a medium weight material and not too heavy.
B00593GHYG Great Quality and Fit I purchased this jacket as a Christmas present for my husband who had requested "A jacket with some of that shiny material and a little puma on the chest".  This definitely fit the bill.  Both the top and bottom portions are crafted in a polyester, although the bottom has a more organic feel to it.  The lining is very nice and gives the jacket added warmth.  (Although do keep in mind that this is definitely a jacket and not a full fledged coat.) The jacket is sized very accurately  so my panic attack about fit was unwarranted.  I purchased the steel gray version for him and I do feel that it is somewhat on the more blue/gray side than straight gray.  Overall I'm very pleased with it and I can tell by the amount of times he's worn it that he is too.
B00593GPAW PUMA ROCKS Fantastic price, look, size and feel. My Husband said it was his dream to get Puma for his birthday also loved the prompt delivery, we will be back for more PUMA.
B00593GTRG Hot It is a warm jacket too warm fir a tropical country. I thought it would be lighter. The color and size were ok. I will have to wear it during the winter or when traveling
B00593GVNI Great 3/4 sweatpants I use these 3/4 length sweatpants for playing soccer and also for rock climbing. They're made for soccer, and allow the freedom of movement necessary for running, kicking, dribbling a soccer ball at pace. I also use them for rock climbing, so that I don't scrape my knees of the rough surface of the indoor rock climbing walls. Anyone who rock climbs I'm sure knows of this delight. They're also lightweight, and reasonably priced. I tried on in the store the 3/4 length addidas brand sweatpants too, these just didn't quite fit well for me, they were a little short. These puma ones fit much better as well, being a little longer, even though I bought them blindly on amazon.
B00593HNX0 Great look, great quality, and early delivery!!! I had a Puma sweatshirt when I was young and missed it a lot, so I wanted a new one. I got this one in the blue with the yellow design and I ADORE it. It is very bright! I am a girl, but the girl's Puma pullovers were not what I was looking for at all. This one has thin sleeves so it fit me perfectly. It looks awesome, good quality, very soft but not hot, and super comfortable. I wear it around the house, outside, and even to bed.It also came about 5 days BEFORE the estimated delivery date. It was packaged very nicely, but it wasn't overdone so they didn't waste cardboard. Not a single complaint about anything!
B00593HRHM Super fly LOL This sweat jacket matches perfectly with the Puma sneakers that I bought and now I have a super fly fit. LOL
B00593HTAC Bigger than expected... if you're petite This was huge on me, and I got a small! Nonetheless, it is very comfortable, and warm, so I kept it. I just wear it around the house during winter - it's so cozy.
B00593HV1E bright and stylish. Material is good for pet owners. I love the material and the style of this hoodie. It has a shiny exterior, which makes it brighter than more natural hoodies. I feel so big city every time I put it on. It's not super warm, but it's not super thick either. I plan on wearing it as a mid-layer this winter. The thumb holes should keep my hands warmer. I like how the cuffs extend back on the bottom of the wrists, so I don't worry as much about the shiny material getting as messed up when I wear it with the thumbs in the holes. Finally, I noticed cat hair doesn't stick to this. I love my cat, but she sheds all the time. Somedays on some sweaters I feel like I got a cat hair shirt. this one doesn't do so bad.My only complaint which isn't really a complaint at all is I don't want to get it dirty. Most my hoodies are purely for function, and I don't do much to protect them from oil and grime. This one, I feel I need to be careful, so I don't wear it very often because I'm always getting stuff stained. On nights when I don't have to worry, I almost always pull this sweatshirt out.
B00593HV1E Warm and very comfortable It's not only comfortable but also smartly stylish plus a good price.Puma also did a thoughtful design piece for this sweat jacket and that is put a small hole to slide your thumb through which then extends the sleeves. I found this quite useful especially when the winds get chilly.
B00593I5YG My son loved it! I gave it to my son, who is 39, and he loved everything about it.  The size was perfect.  I got a large because he will be wearing stuff under it.  Normally, he is a medium, but likes sweatshirts just a little roomier.  He is average, 5'10&#34;, 165#.  Sleeve length was great too.
B00593ICV2 Love it! Bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. Need to make a couple exchanges because I was unsure of sizing.  Hoodie is beautiful and is a perfect fit. Most of all, customer service and the communication and help was exceptional!
B00593IQ9A Great workout capri I ordered a small even though I generally wear a size 6 in pants. They fit perfectly, so if you want to order a pair, keep that in mind. I think I used Puma's sizing guide to help me out on that one. I love these pants; they stay put and hide any kind of sweaty situations that might happen. They're great for Zumba, too; the bright colours are great for a little bit of attitude. These are probably my favourite workout pants.
B00593IZ78 Very nice pants! I purchased this pants a few weeks ago, and I am very happy with them. They are very comfortable, soft, fresh, one of my favorites one!
B00593J6EE Long and comfortable Great quality, comforable and most importantly plenty long for my 6'5" frame.  Also purchased the jacket to match.  Bought another set in the other color too.
B00593XHS0 Never met a Puma I did not like This pumas are totally fly.  My son (6) gets lots of compliments on these sneakers.  As usual they run a 1/2 size to a full size smaller than your Nike sneakers.  They are lightweight and comfortable. Awesome. Velcro is a godsend, he can out then on and is ready to go.Just wipe that sticky soda off, clean again.
B00593Z8QO Sleek style, but not durable It looks very nice and sleek, but not quite durable. I got these for my three year old daughter. She is very active and the cheap one will last only 2-3 weeks. The design is made more for fashion so I don't think it will last. And it does not have sufficient arch support. I will go back to New Balance that I used to purchase for her. It lasts forever until she grows out of it, very sturdy and provide great support for an active kid.
B00594CZLO Falling apart after 2 months These shoes were ordered in late September. With minimal wear, about 2 days per week, the upper fabric is already separating from the sole - over an inch of separation on the right shoe. Very shoddy construction. Other than falling apart, they look and wear great!
B00594DEB4 Fast delivery!!!! Very good service and well packaged!!  I can not believe with the  Thanksgiving mail lapse --this came so very fast!!
B00594DEB4 ROCKED These shoes rocked, they were comfy and fit perfect. Still have them after a while. Not really meant for standing for long hours or working out though.
B00594DEB4 problem this product This problem with the product, to get my hands I noticed a ER11 shoes and a size 8. therefore we recommend to the produros futtalle buyers see clearly the details of the product.It is very important to know each other according to their policies youmust rejoin the cost for shipping the product from Venezuela to the U.S.,as we know was a mistake on your part to meet the purchase and not have theavailability of the product, in my judgment this amount of 394.89 dollarsor 91.8 bsf be repaid on your part, I repeat the mistake was yours. mustunderstand that my person is paying high costs for paying shipping.
B00594DGMQ My husband loved it I bought this for husband and he absolutely love this shoe! Its great for casual wear. The only problem that I had was that it stained too easily.
B00594DGMQ Bad shoes Disappointed quality lost shortly the sole Color ...With only two months after he started to use the shoes began to heel the color of the sole, unfortunately my first bad experience for this important organization of buying and selling online.
B00594DGMQ Not comfortable The tongue of one leg was quite uncomfortable for me, so had to return them. If it wasn't for the tongue, I wouldn't though.
B00594DXK6 awesome!!!!!! these boots are great, thinking about getting them in black!! I will be looking forward to buying more from the Puma brand.
B00594E6ES Great shoe Worth the money, product was exactly as expected.Extremely comfortable and well made. Easy to walk in and occasionally trot in.
B00594E6ES Loving them These shoes are amazingly comfortable!!!! I bought them for husband and he advised that h feels as if he is walking on clouds
B00594E6ES Awesome shoes. Comfortable. Looks pretty cool. I get compliments on these guys all the time. Pretty cheap too! Only thing that's a bummer is when the white bottom gets scuffed up but you're going to get that with every shoe.
B00594E6ES Love My Puma Suedes&#8230;. I found my Puma EL Ace Suede sneakers at Ross, and bought them because they were in my size, I liked how they looked, and the price was right ($35). And I quickly grew to love how they felt! I have to say it's likely the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn. They're light, and feel almost like I'm wearing slippers. And with a very simple 8-eyelet per shoe lace arrangement, they're a cinch to slip on. I've found the heel wear to be average for a sneaker. But that's with wearing it as a work shoe from time to time, doing a lot of walking through grass, pavement, etc. and carrying things. And feet were happy all night.The lining has the feel and texture of a soft sweatshirt, which is nice and suits the comfort character of the shoe.After a night of walking through wet grass, the white soles have gotten dirty. But with a little soap and water, and some scrubbing with a sponge, they clean up fine. The toe has a diamond texture that traps dirt pretty well, so I use an old tooth brush to clean in there. Break-in time is pretty non-existent, and my Puma Suedes have held up nicely over the 6+ months I've worn them. And I would venture to say they edge out the venerable Converse All-Star for comfort. Plus they're just a really classy looking sneaker with no silly details. That's the only way I roll. I hope Puma never discontinues the EL Ace, because I would definitely like to make them a wardrobe staple.
B00594EDNM Shoe well made, Not as much cushioning of the sole These PUMA shoes look great, are well made and comfortable for everyday use. The only negative is that I expected better cushioning at the sole.
B00594EIIC Gangster look These shoes will have a lot of people looking at your feet. If u go into a barber shop almost garanteed to get a compliment.
B00594EP1M Puma Zandy review these are very comfortable, easy to walk in right away, no breaking in and I will probably buy more from Puma.  Have been wearing Sketchers for years but prefer the Puma for shape and fit.
B00594F20U Legen wait for it... Dary! it's amazing! it's also very durable. I had mine for about 4 years, so very reliable for me and awesome!
B00594F20U Ripped within first 5 times wearing them I purchased these shoes and with in the first 6 times wearing them they ripped on the toe. I sit at a desk all day so they had gotten very little use. Very disapointed.
B00594F444 Wonderful! These shoes are excellent and so light! I bought these for work and they are perfect! They are slightly dressy, yet sporty and comfortable enough to walk in all day long.
B00594F444 Worth the money This pair is so pretty, comfortable and simple. The shoe kinda has a sparkle, like soft glitters but only noticeable if you look closely so they still appear simple. Its very comfortable, with or without foot socks. I ordered the 8.5 and it is somewhat large but not too bad that it slips off when walking. It is just missing that foot 'hug'.  Sturdy made as of now, the material it is made of is kind of soft but it looks like it will hold.  I would buy this again in many colors.
B00594F5NO love my sneaks I didn't think they would fit, I ususally wear 9.5 but I couldn't find my size anywhere. I took chance and ordered the 9 and they fit. Little snug but they have stretched a bit.
B00594F5NO Perfect thanks! My wife loved these shoes and they fit perfect. I was afraid they were going 2 be too big but they weren't. Thanks again.
B00594FPSO Comfortable and Cheap I've bought two pairs of these sneakers over the past two years in different colors. They are cheap and comfy but they do fall apart fast, guess you get what you pay for....
B00594KXKO JUAN Recomendado 100% originales, Casual y confortable sobre todo a la moda, super resistentes y ideal para cualquier edad desde un joven hasta abuelos.
B005955L7I Great to wear around the house or even sometimes out. Easy enough to just slip on without putting over your heel but also nice enough to wear out.Defidently recommended
B00595GTJM Flexible, easy to pack I love these shoes!  They are flexible, fit in most purses and are sturdy enough for tromping around city streets and cobble stone parks.  I use them for getting to and from work to save wear and tear on my favorite heels.
B00595HUJA Great shoes. Ive been wearing them for a couple of months now. They hold up. They are comfortable. The lil' bit of blue is bright, yet not obnoxious. I would recomend them. I am now looking for the exact same shoe except with red instead of blue.
B00595I8PK color is adorable I really like these shoes! they are SUPER light and comfortable.  That being said, they wear out fast.  I used mine for Crossfit and they wore down fast!  There is not much support as the shoe is basically all net with some support from the inner pink part.  If you get a rip the shoe will not hold well.  If you can find them on sale or clearance I would recommend them.  They also come in all kinds of color combinations.  They are fun!
B00595ILDE wish the tounge wasnt attached at the top my feet ... wish the tounge wasnt attached at the top my feet r wide and they r hard to get on. fit well once on
B00595JAYI Slick! These have an extremely smart appearance and are also very comfortable. the smooth leather upper and chrome collar and heel plate make them look sporty and dressy simultaneously. This is a fantastic shoe!
B00595JAYI Not that he ordered I ordered the Black / Black, 5.5 B US / 7 D US, and the figure was 6.5 US .Tsvet PUMA should be black - in the resulting product is white. This product does not comply with my request
B00595JAYI They Look Fake i contact Puma and they said they only have 2 series of yellow Ferrari pumas and guess what this is not it...Plus in Original pumas ( any Model) the puma is not embroil...
B00595JO44 Puma Arrived on time. Great product! The colors blue and white go well with any type of outfit in my closet.
B00595JO44 Holding up superbly! About a month of hard usage and my Puma Easy Riders are still holding up superbly and looking great! These shoes are quite comfortable from the box and only get better with age. The pair I purchased before these survived a year of framing carpentry and only got replaced due to sole wear. Not a single busted stitch or seam. Thank you Puma!
B00595JO44 Puma Easy Rider Great shoes! Wore them all the time 25-30 years ago then couldn't find them anymore. Sure glad I found these though, they're very comfortable to walk in.
B00595JOOY and it's like a was expecting I received the product; and it's like a was expecting. Fit is ok; color is ok and they are comfortable.
B00595JOOY it dosent look like in image The shape is not looking good as image and the other brands are comfort with same size but it is not comfortable
B00595JOOY Kinda small but so what!?! A bit small ... But I'm expecting it to stretch. It's BEAUTIFUL though and I don't care. The cushioning is top notch as well
B00595JOOY Smarter than your average sneaks For a dressy alternative to sneakers, check these kicks out. These casual shoes bring together sporty style and cutting-edge. like it
B00595JOOY Puma Men's Vedano-I should have bought both brown and black.....now look at the price) I live in the West Indies where our tropical climate allows the ease of wearing loafers long-term; so a good, exclusive as you can kits are a requirement. This model in my view is one of Puma's classiest efforts that's got the perfect taper. I have very narrow feet and the width (my only issue) was a challenge even when tabs were fully drawn up. If I have to wear some extra socks I will 'cause I'm otherwise really loving this shoe/sneaker/loafer. Have you seen the new price for the black?Clifford
B00595JOOY Not bad but not great. A bit pointy hope it opens up a little with wear. I also hope it softens find its stiff. Leather so it should .
B00595JOOY Hurt me when I stand up longtime It's not confortable to work with that. To stand up longtime my feet start to hurt. But it looks very nice
B00595JOOY Pointed toe Great construction, but the shape of the shoe has something to be desired.  If you want pointy shoes, go with these
B00595JOOY LOVE IT I bought this for my husband as one of his Christmas gifts, he wears it every day! it comfortable and looks great! Fits as expected, my husband has a wide foot.
B00595JOOY Stylish I have got tons of compliments on these shoes and they are my go to in decisions on bordering formal in a business casual outfit. The leather has stretched out on me and I do not have a comfortable grip to my ankle.
B00595JOOY i wish i liked these ...but like many european brand shoes they are undersized. the instep is too low for me (the upper, top of the arch) and they were a little short in length. the width was ok and i am a wide, so it was a bummer to send them back. they did look cool.
B00595JOOY Very Tight Fitting Not happy with these shoes, they are more like 10.5 US in my opinion. I wish companies would give specific details on the size of the actual shoe not some ballpark figure.
B00595JOOY Just right in width But a little long.
B00595JOOY Coveat Emptor....... I was hoping to be happy with my purchase, but much to my dismay, they did not fit. This review is not to discourage anyone from buying these shoes, it is to advise you of doing a little home work first
B00595JOOY Perfect product I received the package soon and it was perfect. I really loved it. Colors, materials, size and quality were exactly than photo
B00595JOOY Worth every penny I usually wear 11 so I ordered a 12 as other reviewers suggested and it fits great and feels comfortable walking with it .
B00595JOOY had to return, I wish i hadn't I purchased this shoe for my nephew as a birthday gift. he had already tried it on locally at a store in Boston. it is considerable less expensive on line. when I received them and gave them to him the pair from mail order was too thin for his foot. it's odd to me due to it's looking like a completely mechanized construction. back they went. I brought him out and tried them on back where he originally found them and they fit him great. purchased locally.
B00595JOOY like a glove Perfect fit, thanks to the other reviewers who advised buying a half size up. The shoes are very well crafted and are very comfy as well, I expected nothing less from Puma.Great buy!!
B00595JOOY excellent There awesome..need to get them5 stars............get them grey looks good on everything..thanks amazon ur the best...go pumas verdano ok ok ok
B00595JOOY Very light and comfortable The sole is a very thin layer so if you step in dirt, it'll be on the leather's edge every time so you might want to consider that.
B00595JOOY not the best puma's I have bought I didn't realize the puma logo on the front was a metal cast - a little tacky, and the way is fastens looks like it will soon be a problem. look sleek
B00595JOOY Best for walking I bought this one two years ago and wana buy new one for my next two years .. LOLI loved it it really fit my foot
B00595JOOY Design The design is what attracted me to this shoe. It fits a little tight, but, I believe they will adjust to my foot since they are leather. Wore a pair for the first time to a show and by evenings end they felt just fine. So after a while they should be o.k. They are the best looking sneakers on the market in my opinion and I would recommend them to anyone who showed interest. I did get complemented twice the night of the show.
B00595JOOY Great shoes in the office I have been searching for a loafer look a like and offer a comfort of a running shoes for a while . This item fits my need perfectly.  My colleagues are not able to notice the difference unless I reveal the secret to them. Some reviews suggest the potential tightness but for me the tightness is not an issue.
B00595JOOY Puma Cool shoes and even though I'm not the type who makes purchases for comments a few people have mentioned they liked 'em as well. I don't wear these on a daily basis and I've only had 'em for a couple months but they're holding up pretty good so far.
B00595JOOY Great fit, comfortable. Durability a concern I have really enjoyed these shoes. They fit the role I was looking for: Comfortable, stylish, and could help me catch a bus if needed.The one thing I don't really like is that the leather around the outside toe area tends to make contact with the ground and get scuffed. Worse yet, the corners of some of the flaps start to come loose where they attach just above the rubber. I have repaired this a couple times with super glue. If the rubber reached more around the edges, I would love this shoe even more and purchasing it again would be a no-brainer.
B00595JOOY classy and cool Great sneakers with fine leather finish.Got the white version,its easy to get them dirty but that's the case with any white shoes.Very satisfied so far.The leather will get loose and they will fit perfectly.
B00595JOOY Fits well. Looks great. Fits well. Looks great. Like the inconspicuous mono-tone/color styling, Hardly notice it is puma. Upper leather is soft. Tempted to get a the brown till.
B00595JOOY Great Product Light and contour with my feet.one two three four five six seven eight nine ten. Sorry required enough words.
B00595PMRM Look nice, not comfortable So i've owned these sneakers for several months now and I have mixed feelings about them. I always love Puma sneakers and usually buy their brand because of the satisfactory work of them, these are no exception as far as looks...they look great... The downside to all of this is that they are terribly uncomfortable, if i wear these for more than an hour my feet begin to kill (and yes they are the right size). All in all they are a good look but not the most comfortable.
B00595PMRM awesome retro awesome retro- none better.;....... i've had this shoe off and on for over 30 years glad to find it again!!!! way to go Amazon buyers!!!!
B00599CUDC Love these shoes! Typically wear an 11, but ordered a 12. Fit like a glove and handled some serious NYC walking with ease.
B00599CWYO excellent!! the product is excellent, are comfortable and soft, and the measure are very exactly. the invoice process and logistic was perfect, no problems, was receive to time.
B00599E1GQ Very happy I ordered my shoes and recieved them in Australia within 8 days. I took on board what others reviewed and ordered 1 size bigger than my usual and they fit perfect. Have played two games in them so far and happy with them to this point.
B00599EKWQ Comfortable Greetings from Ecuador,Super fabulous shoes are super comfortable, great, the color is excellent.The perfect size and cheap.I've used it to run on cement, and has served me great without the tips.Something that limit is reached I do not complete the tips I came 11, no 12, but the truth is not so if they sent Pc or the journey to get here was a problem Ecuador and lost.Recommendation to pc vendors is to put a totally closed box, that box had slits and there ends can fall.I recommend this product they buy, are well comfortablethank you very much
B0059A04A2 Love the Sneaker/Dress Flat Combo! The Zandy Shine Ballet Slipper take me from yoga, to the store, to work in a high school and look good everywhere I go.  They are comfortable, true to size, and feel like comfy slippers to me.I used to wear high heels to work everyday and decided to start taking care of my feet a little more.  I'm not a 'flat' lover, but I am a Puma lover.  So I ordered these in hopes of getting happy feet and cute shoes.I like the different fabric/finishes on these.  I get compliments every time I wear them to work.  People are shocked they are Pumas and not some fancy dress flat.
B0059A04A2 better than the sabas These are better than the sabas in terms of fit and squishy bottoms, but still not quite as good as the older sabadellas.  The shiny ones are also a little weird, they have places that are almost quilted along the sides, where the summer models have mesh.they do the same thing that every pair of puma ballet flats does to me, where they rub my heels raw until they break in --  no worse or better than any pair of sabas, sabadellas, or esperas.the addition of breathing holes in the side of the shoes is nice though.
B0059AY18I This gets all the hugs. When I wear this hoodie, I get all the hugs.It's really soft and cozy, and guys hang on me when I wear it, cuz it's warm. This does excellent things for my ego, to say the least.
B0059AY18I Awesome Hoody This Puma hoody is flat out sweet.  Awesome colors, great fabrics, ect... . If you're looking for a comfortable and stylish hoody, this is it.
B0059BE484 puma drift cat sneakers My husbands likes these for the comfort and the velcro fastener.  For him, they are true to size.  He has had so many compliments on them.  We would recommend them.
B0059BE484 Puma Drift Cat III White I ordered this product for my husband for Christmas.  It arrived today and I was so excited, that is until I opened the box.  These shoes have definitely been worn by someone.  There is a black mark on the tongue of the left shoe, I am guessing from someones fingers while trying to put it on.  Also on the left shoe mainly, there is a yellow tint/stain covering the top.  Both shoes have wrinkling on the sides, like you would see from daily wear.  I am EXTREMELY disappointed.  I now have to return this item and hopefully get something to replace this for my husband.  I have never had any issues with PUMA, and definitely did not expect this.  When I saw it would be from them, through Amazon, I felt assured I would receive an excellent product.  I would be careful when purchasing any product from Amazon and PUMA.
B0059BEE7U Perfect fit -- one year later they still look new great fit great design.  I have a V12 BENZ 6 speed -- OMG these shoes help me shift like a formula 1 driver  still look new and the rubber is like new after 12 months of driving 3xxx a week
B0059BEE7U GREAT SHOES!!! I own several pairs of Pumas and these are the new favorites.  True to size fit and people comment on them frequently.  The non traditional lacing placement is a real eye catcher.  Leather is soft and supple and requires practially no break in time... I am debating getting them in white as well.
B0059BHAKS Sleek, sophisticated and comfortable I just unboxed this shoe and I was pleasantly surprised with how nice they look in person. I usually end up sending shoes back when I buy them online because the materials or finish don't live up to the photo. I tried them on and right away they were super comfortable, no need to break them in like some styles of pumas.Detailing looks great and the fit is spot on if you've worn Puma's before. No telling how they're going to hold up, the toe is suede and was a little dusty coming out the box so if you're about keeping your sneakers fresh for a long time that's a gamble.The shoelaces are one of the great details that you don't see in the photos but definitely make it a treat when you get them in hand. Definitely worth it for being more expensive than run of the mill Pumas (around 60 bucks).
B0059BHAKS Grreat Happy to have got them every place else was out of stock , thus pricing was all over the board. , great shoes
B0059BIXTU Got sucked in.... Extremely bulky, making me look incredibly goofey.Doesn't match the photo, looks a lot darker... I think it should have been selling for atleast half the price it's pitching right now. I suggest anyone who likes fitting shoes to NOT BUY THIS.
B0059BIXTU awesome Not much to say other than these shoes are both stylish and extremely comfy. I wouldn't say they are cheap but they are somewhat fairly priced.
B0059BIXTU Good Buy These shoes were comfy straight out of the box! They're simple and go along with any outfit (and we all know how important style and comfort are to a girl) I was really impressed with the price as well. Usually Puma's or any other name brand items are higher priced but these were realistically priced (:Definitely would recommend these!
B0059BIXTU Love 'em We had a SNAFU with the first order but the replacement came "next day" and was perfect! Super happy with whole process - issues and all.
B0059BJES4 Will look good for guys too! i'm a guy and still looks ordinary as any men's shoe. it's just like the suede but a little slimmer all around. i'm a size 9.5 mens and ordered an 11 women on the puma website and it fits perfectly! so if you're a guy, don't hesitate to grab this one, doesn't look that feminine at all!
B0059BJES4 Comfy! These shoes are some of my favorites. I already a purple/blue color way so I knew exactly where I was going to go when I ruined my black and white Adidas at a tomato battle.
B0059BJES4 Color too loud I'm a huge puma fan for comfort. This is the only tennis shoe I buy. I was disappointed with the color being a little too much. Wish I would have went with a lighter shade
B0059BJR3Q A MUST purchase! Super comfy, super stylish & super light weight. The most comfy boots I have ever worn, no need to break them down, & if you want to tuck your jeans in, there is a lot of room!! I have slender athletic calves, but if you have difficulty finding a good fit for your calves this would be the one! It is truly worth $200!
B0059BJT8O As expected These shoes look just as good in person as they look here. If you like the pics then you will be happy with them when they arrive at your doorstep. Plain and simple.
B0059BK8HA Great Quality - Very Warm & Comfy! These boots are very comfortable and warm in Michigan winter! The only negative comment I can make is that they are a bit tight in the instep area...
B0059BK8HA "Winter" not WINTER boot This is a fine &#34;winter&#34; boot - when your definition of winter is moderate snow and above zero temperatures.  It's very comfortable, easy to slip on & off, and super light weight.However, it is not a WINTER boot if you're in subfreezing temperatures and/or in a lot of snow a lot of the year - and the description of a great outer sole for durable traction was written by someone with a good sense of humor - there is very weak traction and I slip and slide a lot in these bad boys when there's wet snow and/or ice.
B0059BK8HA Best boot I ever had! Got the shipping box last night, it was so super LIGHT that I was not even expecting my PUMA boots were in the box (thought it was something else that I ordered)!! Wore them to work today - it was raining and cold out this morning, my feet are completely dry and warm! I never wrote any review for any product before, but got to say something about this one! Good boots.
B0059BK8HA Exactly what she wanted! I bought these for my girlfriend and they were exactly what she wanted.  She received so many compliments the first day she wore them, she was very happy.  The fit was as expected and they are warm.  We've only had snow once to test them out but so far they work well.
B0059BK8HA wrong sizing, watch out Bought a 9 since I'm a 9 always.  Double checked the sizing table, and it was fine.  However, when they arrived, they were 0.5 cm shorter (25.5 cm instead of 26), so they ended up being small.  Had to sell them to a friend since returning them to US was so expensive.  Furthermore, I was charged almost 60 USdoll when the boots arrived home.  Will double think next time I buy boots from Puma.  I bought other shoes before from amazon and no complaints until this. The boots look pretty, though.
B0059BLK9K great service fast delivery for a fast shoe. the faas 400 is super lightweight. Previously the lightest shoe i had was the kobe 5's..while those are still very light...the faas 400 makes them feel like ankle weights. the shoes are soft and very flexible, couldnt ask for more, especially for the price.
B0059BM2VK Bolt Puma Faas 200 A bit disappointed with this one...the design is fatntastic, and it looks great, just as in the picture...BUT...it feels as thin and as fragile as paper!!! I'm afraid to wear it anywhere! Maybe that's a modern thing and I'm just old, but I'm not happy about forking out money for something that feels that flimsy! ...it really does look good, but a  bit sturdier would have made it great.
B0059C9LMC lovely i ordered large was more like a medium and i loved the colour.it arrived on time and the zipper is study
B0059CA9TG SMOOTH AND ATTRACTIVE PERFORMANCE SHORTS Perfect, just perfect for working in the garden. They wear like iron, don't bind, ride up or reveal too much. Us oldies need something suave to do something active besides water plants. Wonderful to not be cut off at the gulch when you have a few extra pounds. Like control garment but much more suave.
B0059CBQ70 Great deal for pants. i liked these pants a real light breezy fabric that is loose and flowing but they do run a little small if you have some junk in the trunk go a size up.
B0059CEZL4 Good Hoodie I was looking to buy a Puma Hoodie without paying the Puma price like anyone else on Amazon. This item arrived a day early which was a place and it was exactly as described. I'm 5'9 185 and i got a large and it fits perfect. My only complaint is that it's thin. Not like most my other ones that are thicker, i find that if it's too cold i have to wear another jacket over it. So great product just not really heavy duty
B0059CFPX6 &#22826;&#20415;&#23452;&#20102;&#65292;&#21482;&#26159;&#20080;&#22823;&#20102;-&#26446;&#26230;&#26230; Lasted for two weeks from the U.S. to China.  It took me $20.12, very cheap products broken code.This dress is too large for me.
B0059ED28Y Perfect! Items and transaction perfect! Just what I was looking for. This is the way Amazon should always work! Thank You!
B005ADCW1M so soft This is such a great sweatshirt! It is oatmeal color with a pretty pink inside. This was perfect sizing for my daughter and she wears it all the time. The material is super soft and it washes very well
B005ADO2U6 It does NOT have alarm-feature, chronograph or timer as announced. But it's stylish! I bought this watch to use it mainly at gym. Timer was a very important feature for me, but when I received it, I found out that it does not have the features announced. But at least, it shows its seconds when you press the "MODE" button. Pressing once, it shows date and then turns back to hour / minute display. If you press twice, it shows seconds. And only when you press the third time it goes back to hour and minute display. The set button is only for you to set date and time. It does not has alarm. And about the light... the display gets blue and the puma icon gets red. It is still very stylish.
B005ADO2X8 One Star doesn't have an alarm or lap counter.
B005ADO31O Simple, yet comfortable Wanted a digital watch for casual wear and came across this while randomly trawling Amazon. Liked the combination of simple design and colour, and haven't changed my mind now that it's arrived.The child in me also loves the fact that the Puma lights up when you turn on the backlight!
B005ADO31O Disappointed Was not what I expected. I have a preference for large faced watched in all styles. Its no where near what I expected in size or looks. Very disappointed in the watch and Large should be taken off the discription.
B005ADO31O Arrived Broken I've bought alot of watches on the Internet - this was the first one that arrived broken - one of the buttins that adjust the watch broke of in transit and could not be put back on - sent it back & bought a different brand.
B005ADO4AE Doesnt Keep Time It never keeps time but very comfortable and lightweight! Its made out of rubber material which makes the white easy to clean which i like. Overall I think it is okay.
B005ADO4GI Just Great!!! I was a little uncertain about whether this would fit well in my wrist, but I got positively surprised when I tried it on and it really looks real cool! Recommend it to everyone.
B005ADO4IQ Not for active people The side buttons are too sensitive. This watch was constantly resetting itself because the buttons were bumped. Not for people who are active.
B005ADO7ME Item Never Recieved I purchased this watch due to it's unique style.....I never recieved it although the status has shipped.....I am also unable to file a claim for this item......DO NOT BUY........Amazon I am very pissed........
B005ADO7ME Love the Look and Feel...however it does reset itself and you need to enter the time and date too often for my liking. If it wasn't so comfortable, I'd rate it a lot lower.
B005ADO7QU Light was not working I received the package on time and was thrilled with the product.  Only downside is that the light wasn't working.  As the product was received in the States when I was on business trip, I didn't return it due to lack of time to do so.
B005ADO97C It's nice but the info is so wrong. This watch looks so good, but the info provided in here is so wrong. It as no alarm or chronograph settings as it's said in the description, and it is neither water resistant, it can just resist  light splashing as the owner's manual said, but never 99 mts.
B005ADO97C Looks good The strap was a bit long for my wrists (6 in) so I cut off the extra length. It was easy since its made of rubber and doesn't look bad either. It is difficult to find the light button in the dark since the buttons blend in with the design. I prefer my watch to display the date on the screen but you must find the button for this as well. Overall it looks cool but not worth what I paid. ($50)
B005ADOAC6 Like the style not sure about functionality I wanted a sports watch I could use to work out and time my runs.Although it has a timer and apparently you can keep track of your laps/miles, I can't figure out how to review the times once complete. I'm not happy with the lack of functionality and would return if I hadn't already worn it.
B005ADOAD0 Simple, usefull The size is perfect for men. IT is too simple but useful with light, alarm and cronometer. Great relation with price.
B005ADOAJE Perfect The wath arrived on time. The color was so perfect just like see on the photos and the description. My wife is so happy.
B005ADOAJE beautiful An excellent sports watch, the color quite appealing to the youth of today, I liked a lot and recommend it to everyone that looks cute to use besides being a useful tool for every human being.
B005ADOB9S Perfect for what I needed! Needed a durable watch for work and this was great! Only thing is the white gets dirty easily and it's hard to clean it. I tried dish detergent and a magic eraser, still dirty! But the dirt only seemed to be seen on the inside so I guess that's not really a big deal.
B005ADOB9S I like it This was for a gift and I got a great feed back from her, she is very pleased, so me too
B005ADOB9S a little hard to read in daylight, but otherwise very nice looks good, is actually waterproof, and inexpensive. The only negative is that the blue tint makes it a little hard to read in some lighting conditions. Bought it as a gift for my wife, who seems to go through watches like salted peanuts. She likes it A LOT, which means that I like it a lot, too.
B005ADOBAC Great Looks very cool and fits right on my wrist. I loved it. I got it for $26 bucks it was a good deal. Wasn't it?
B005ADOBAC Great Look I have received several comments about and I like the feel of it on my wrist.  I like the overall look and feel to it.
B005ADOBAC Hard to read Its harder to read than it appears in the picture above but, overall, fits comfortably but nothing to rave about.
B005ADOBAC It is functional not the easiest to read, should have chose a different color dial. It's functional so I am satisfied. It was to be used only for sport officiation.
B005ADOBAC Wedding Gift for Bible Bearer WE gave this gift to my little brother when we got married, he was the Bible Bearer.  He LOVED it!
B005ADOBFM Cool I like the color, style, and grip.It would have better with better water resistance level.Overall, I like it :D
B005ADOBFM my wife is very happy! She love it this wacht!. My wife is athlete and wanted this clock, is now very happy! Thank you very much.
B005ADOBFM beautiful! Perfect size,  very comfortable, is so light that you don't feel you are wearing it. Unique colors! I absolutely recommend it!
B005ADOBFM Colorful Sportwatch Classy and unique look.  I have received plenty of compliments regarding its appearance.  I do have a couple of issues with function.  First of all I wish it would subtract splits like most ironman watches do.  I also do not understand why the timer needs to be reset with every use.  It does not save your timer setting and you can not simply reset and restart the timer.  If you want functionality go with an ironman.
B005ADOBGQ Great Super lightweight, excellent product and love the orange in the face. I use it everyday for my work. I just have one disappoint with the number when the sun reflect itt.
B005ADOBGQ i would say is 5 stars if i would tell you how it was if i ever got it it said was going to be here April 25 it is now the 28 i need before may 5 normal i don't care how long it takes but when i need it as soon as i can a no show i need for my job so i can cheek the time and not  have too use my cell phone oh well is ok i don't hate amazon for it been late is the truck is in fault i just would like to know if it is still on is way and was not took by someone or the even the truck driver would take things as long as i get it how long it takes is ok but as far as the watch is cool works great look at friend of mines is just what i was looking for if gets here ok later
B005ADOCQK Decent, has its pros and cons Bought this as a replacement for similarly-priced Adidas Response II ADP3011,and I'd take that watch over this Puma any day.GOOD:*Outer design, except the puma logo, is very pleasant*Performed well ~20 feet under water*Very comfortable, never felt the need to take it off, even when training in June heat for a marathonBAD:*No way to deactivate the button-beeps. Makes you feel like a middle-schooler.* Only one alarm, not particularly loud*Explanations for buttons are not displayed on-screen like Adidas (they're written on the frame instead), but when you're adjusting time/alarm etc, all buttons have alternative functions, and you spend time trying to remember which button does what.*Buttons are very susceptible to double clicks*Small numbers (relative to the watch's size). Screen estate is used so ineffectively, with dead spaces taking up half the screen all the time. They could've used a lot more of the screen space to increase readability, and to make adjustments easier
B005ADOCQK Minha opinio bom custo bebeficio,saiu tudo perfeito.Entrega dentro do prazo.Grande facilidade para comprar.O site oferece um bom acompanhamento da compra.Senti falta apenas da Nota Fiscal.
B005ADOCQK No complaints at all. Face scratches easy. Granted all inexpensive watches do. Everything else on this has been flawless and I've been wearing it out hunting, fishing, mountain biking, weight lifting, at the shooting range, out running, and every day in the jail (I'm a corrections officer). The band shows no signs of cracking and the white is still very much bright white. No real complaints at all!
B005ADOCQK Good watch The only thing that I really dislike about it is the white Puma sign. It is so annoying! I colored the sign black and it is not so bad anymore.
B005ADOCQK Durable This watch is great, I am a personal trainer and use it daily.  I also crashed my motorcycle and it did not scratch badly, nor did it stop working.  I have swam with it, even though the package does not really specify whether you should or not, it still works.
B005ADOCV0 Terrible I always buy Timex watches and they seem to die or get water in after 1 year so I thought I would try something new. This watch looks cool but it was literally dirty looking and unable to clean within one week. I also found it hard to program and it didn't come with directions, you are expected to go on their website and search through all the products and download your own guide.
B005ADODY6 So far so great! This watch is living up to it's manufacturer's promise of being water-proof, accurate, and easy to use.  After emergency heart surgery, I have peace of mind I'm staying within my target heart rate zone during exercise outside of the cardiac rehab lab where one is hooked up,  closely monitored, and supervised by a team of rehab specialists.
B005ADODY6 NEEDS IMPROVEMENT I recived this watch about 3 weeks ago and I am deployed overseas and wear it every day It has turned a disgusting yellow green from where the blue was and i tried to clean it off and i cant even scrape the color off with my knife the heart rate moniter works for light jogs and the gym but when you go outside to run it has a hard time keeping track. Spend the extra money and get a better one
B005ADODZK Comfortable and easy to use I am pregnant and have to monitor my heart rate and I read many reviews.  While polar was the only one I knew, I don't have time to be without this if the battery dies and to have to ship it out to replace the battery is crazy.Puma had great reviews and this has everything I need and it works great.  The alarm is not obnoxious either when you are below your set low or above your high.  Highly recommend!
B005ADODZK love it! I could never get the machines to read my heart rate at the gym and this is perfect for me! not to mention, the machines pick up my heart rate from this a lot of the time too!
B005ADODZK peace of mind After my mother's third heart attack it was very important that we were made aware constantly of her heart rate and with the alarm that goes off if she pushes herself too hard, its really given my mother a better peace of mind, she is less stressed now that she's constantly updated of her heart rate.
B005ADODZK did not work for me I could not get it to read my heart rate, I tried several times on both wrists but couldn't get it to work.  Had to return it.
B005ADOHQ0 My wife loved it Mother's Day hit with the wife! She plays tennis and likes the white color, many people notice it and compliment her.
B005ADOHQ0 bad experince If I could give it less stars I would.  The product doesn't look like the picture and when I returned the 1st one the second one was wrong too.  Will not shop from amazon again after the service I received!
B005ADOJ4A Looks too cheap Ive got this watch as a gift and I find it low quality.It looks and feels too cheap, not durable materials and the look overall is not satisfying.Im dissapointed with my purchase, it is also way too expensive for what it is
B005ADOKFI Ok Types I bought it and returned it because I didn't like it. Dial is decent but I didn't like the strap and I guess there are better watches out there in this price.
B005ADOKFI Awsome Its a great whatch, it seems smaller than it really is, but i loved it. Would recoment. Very good deal. Arrived well and fast!
B005ADOKFI Simple but nice It's simple and neat lookin timepiece ...Stylish with sporty casual attire pleasent lookin clothes..very comfy to the hand too..One of my favorite ..
B005AGVORC confortable Is a comfortable shoe, do not bother or tired, it is excellent for long walks and very light when doing any aerobic exercise or when you run, also looks great with the sports apparel
B005AQ46EK PERFECT lounge/sweat pants! I absolutely love these pants, soft, low waist but not too low to where my underwear show when I bend over. Stylish with sneakers and a hoodie,  I am 5'7 and they are PERFECT length. I wish they had more colors!
B005AQ46EK Puma Fleece pants I liked this pants allot. They are warm and soft, not too long and not too short. Also the waist line is low or maybe medium low, just the way I like it. So I am very pleased with this pants.
B005AYAJEI Good stuff i have a 35 W but I still bought a medium size pack and they all fit me well. shipping was fast and I have nothing to complain.
B005AYAJEI Too Crummy Too large, too loose, too chintzy, too just slapped (licensed out) the name to any low level manufacturing component of the business model's supply chain.Crapola. That's all. I take the hit.They will last 8-10 weeks max. The laundry destroys 'em. Waistband is gonzo. Labels are melted from my mellow old dryer.Et Cetera.Then they will get the honor of serving their country as oil dip stick rags in the milk carton in the trunk of my 2010 Jeep.
B005B2H1FE cheap in 14, stylish, and functional...buy em These are great got them for about 50 bucks and they don't seem to be wearing hard or really much at all.  Even the cleat like bottoms don't wear bad even on asphalt.  very comfy and light, but they do get wet easily inside if any water gets on them, that's alright though becuase they are so breathable you can feel the breeze with every step.  the laces get a little bushy but because they are nice and soft they always stay tied unlike cord like laces.  Get em if you find em for around 50 bucks great summer shoe love em on hikes every step sure and comforting even in the dark cause i can feel everything...like a cat man!
B005B2H1FE reggae sneakers the unisex size was too big but i still like it because i was still able to wear it for ts intended purpose
B005B2H1FE Look great, good fit, perfect price. I wear size 13 and these are just a tad snug for my liking. At $30 though I'm perfectly fine with it and with the cloth there is some give. They are comfortable and the red popping off the grey is eye catching and compliment inducing. The price more than makes up for the snugness so 5/5
B005B2H1FE Over priced. Over priced by 50% as a Puma store in Petaluma was selling the same shoes at 50% off. I made a claim to you but received no response.
B005B2H1FE Go Ducks! Very comfortable, fit perfectly.  Love the color!  Perfect for my Packers, Ducks and Timbers!  The price was unbelievable!  Thanks Puma!
B005BBADW8 Happy! They have a snug feel which is fine for me since I'm clumsy and sneakers tend to shift around a little to much for me but if you have a wider foot they might be too tight.  But cushioning and traction are great.  And they are cute and I love the soft blue.  I'm happy.
B005C9YMTE Great light weight shirt. I just received this shirt and went for a run. It is very light weight. Also it breathes; oh it breathes so good. I am loving this tee.
B005CAVWLY Definitely a lower version of the shoe Premium versions of soccer cleats conform to your feet quickly.  These are not the premium version they made blisters at two points on my ankle and have reopened the wounds each time I have worn them with about two weeks in between.  I am hoping these cleats stretch appropriately soon as they are clearly not the cleat I should have bought.  The listing does not in any way misrepresent this item, but I will never buy a cleat that doesn't have k-leather in it again.
B005CAYLM6 Love It! Received it and they looked great!  Get lots of comments and looks from them!  I listened to everyone and got them a larger size.  I am a natural 10.5 and picked up a 11.5 bc I figured a little loose is better than too tight.  They are little to loose to use as a gym shoe but fit well enough to walk around with.
B005CAYLM6 puma powercat hh what can i say?i played just two match and they had destroyed!its not for actual footbal games,mayebe recreational use..
B005CAYLM6 HERMOSOS&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; SON ORIGINALES&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;MUY BONITOS&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;SUABES SOLO QUE MEDIA TALLA MENOS AL NUMERO ORIGINAL&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;SI PEDIA EL NUMERO ORIGINAL NO ME HUBIERAN ENTRADO...POR PRECAUCION PEDI MEDIO NUMERO MAS GRANDE Y FUE UNA BUENA DECISION,,,POR LOS DEMAS SON HERMOSOS&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;
B005CAYYOQ Love it! The value for real leather in a shoe is wonderful.  The fit is perfect!  The white makes me stand out in a field ;)
B005CAYYOQ The color was perfect The shoes gave him a  bad blister.  He had to give them away to his son.  The size ran funny
B005CB59N0 GOAAAL! I was hesitant at first to purchase these as I never tried them on before. I received these the next day following my order, and wow! By far, the best soccer cleats I can ever imagine having to kick the soccer ball around. Excellent traction, very light weight, comfortable and great quality.
B005CB59N0 Small but is what you would expect from a soccer boot I use this shoe regularly with an actually wide variety of sports. I just finished our work's softball tournament and these shoes held up great. Good grip, good foot support. I use them for football, soccer, and ultimate frisbee as well and they hold up fantastic for any sport I can throw at them. Durable and fit well. They are tight but no tighter than you should worry about for a soccer boot.
B005CB59N0 never got my order never got my order, only got an e-mail that it was damaged. do you think common sense tells you to re-order ......
B005CB59N0 Great cheaper cleats for a recreational player I just needed to get some cleats to play IM soccer this quarter and these came up as the cheaper option that my buddy recommended, and they fit and work great. I use them once a week and they were a good investment to have cleats around. Would recommend to anyone just looking for a pair of cleats to use recreationally.
B005CB59N0 If you met my expectations It's like I neededComplies with the provisionsIt is a good article and have recommended it to several friends
B005CB59N0 Cleats Needed cleats for a short-term soccer league. These fit perfect and the colors are goofy but cool. They are very comfortable and sturdy.
B005CB59N0 it's OK It is light weight and I guess could fit a person nicely if it is the right size. Sizes do not match - that's for sure, but was wide enough for my feet.
B005CBVO02 Puma Men's Attencio II I FG Soccer Shoe,Black/White/Lime Punch,15 D US These are the cheapest pair of cleat that could find in size 15. They look good and feel descent. I like them on grass. On turf i always my adidas samba's.
B005CBVO02 Light weight, nice looking, average quality I have had it for six months now but have used it for like two months. The shoes are really of light weight and they also look very bright and attractive. Fit fine although they are of a little tight front (toes area). As they are light, they feel not durable to me and no lining inside, especially in the toes area for protection. I have had a big problem so far with the shoelaces. However I tie them and whatever I do, they just get loose and I have to tie them again and again during the games. They are also of average quality and the holes they go through can so easily be torn as they have no rings, lining or anything of any material to protect then against a tightened lace once it is pulled, it is expected to go through tearing through the shoe leather.
B005CBVO02 Okay for a season these shoes are pretty good for a quick buy. But i realized that at the end of a 4 month soccer season the sole was starting to rip and the sides were becoming loose so if you want some ok shoes for a cheap price these are it
B005CBVO02 Great Product No complaints on this order... Caught these on sale, which was a surprise, trying to find an affordable cleat at size 14 was a chore... Thanks amazon!
B005CC3PL2 Poor Quality Wore it twice and it is ripping already...............fix right but the quality is poor guess wont buy another pair omg
B005CC3PL2 crappy item Usually i love puma sandals but these were clearly starting to dry rot. the White section on the sandal started to crack around the edges within a week of wear. i had a different pair of puma sandals before and they lasted nearly 2 years with no problems. but these were crap right after getting them.
B005CC3PL2 Waste of money I regret buying it. After wearing it for a couple weeks it began tearing. I wast my money. Please don't buy it. It's not good
B005CCHJEQ Great for turf! I enjoy it for my club soccer team. It does fit snug though so it depends on how you like your shoes to fit on this one. It arrived in a timely manner and at a good price.
B005CCPVAK First pair of cleats that didn't take weeks to break in!! My daughter has had numerous soccer cleats and often it takes weeks to get them to stop giving her blisters.  She put them on for practice twice and a long weekend of tournament games and not a single problem!!
B005CCPVAK This shoe is in a women's size I thought the size listed was for men. No idea what the 6M means...must mean medium. I had to return.
B005CCZBD2 No complaints These cleats fit well and feel comfortable.  They are true to size and the price seemed reasonable.  I wear them about once or twice per week during the fall and spring.  I've had them for 2 months, so far so good.  I don't know how they'll feel a year from now but I expect they'll hold up well.
B005CHSH3S Just do it Just good when I run and sprint at all time. I think this is only for professional player wants to be a best
B005CK2B14 small and cheap looking i ordered these from puma. com. I wear a 6.5 in the gv specials so i ordered the same size in these. i couldn't even get my foot in the shoe.when they arrived they looked almost like they could be toy shoes.. they were very light ...they were also too low to the ground and don't even look worth the 25 dollars i paid for them. the only positive i can give is that the blue is exactly as depicted on the site.definitely not the quality i am used to ,, i will just stick with the gv specials
B005CK2B14 very nice easy cleaning they came in a cust red bag box thingy .... where i live its snowy wet and muddy outside these shoe are vbery easy to clean and look brand new i like these plan on getting more in other colors..
B005CK4QE4 excelente dsdsds dsdsd sdsd dsdsd sdsdsd sdsd sdsds sdsd sds sdsd ds sdsds sd sdssd sdds sdsd sd sdsd sds dsd
B005CK7W3Q Runs a bit small! I bought these sneakers in a 13.5 and my daughter actually where a 12.5 comfortably. I bought 13.5 with hopes of these tennis lasting a while but I don't think that will happen. She has a bit of room in them but not as much as I expected!These sneakers a are of a great material, they wipe clean with a damp cloth.
B005CK7W3Q Poor Quality I bought these for my daughter's 4th birthday; paid over $50. I am very disappointed with the quality of these shoes. Only the right side lights up when my daughter stomps her foot. Occasionally the left side will light up with some hard stomping. Also, the printed stripe and stars appear to be smeared in some places. The overall quality is poor, though they are super cute when they actually light up.
B005CK8YHO super cool, but... this is not my first puma shoe purchase for my toddler boys.  puma is super cool already, then add rockets and lights...my kids thought they could run faster, but they do not hold up.  they looked pretty beat up after a couple of weeks and for $60+, they are not worth it.  any i would expect a leather shoe for that price and from puma, but they were kind of cheap looking.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe! I just purchased these shoes in size 8 for my 2 yr old boy and they fit perfectly. The colors are vibrant (red/blue) and have a quality, flexible sole. They appear to be comfortable (no red marks on his feet after wearing them for several hours) and light. I'm very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend for an active little boy.
B005CKB0WA Velcro sneakers are hard to find These fit great and at last we found velcro sneakers for a young child! Time will tell how these hold up.
B005CKB0WA Great value Great look, easy care, and comfy.  Both my kids wear these for school and sports. I like quality as they are able withstand multiple washes and abuse by 7 -8 year olds.  Run small. Velcro can get a little shaggy, but I just clip the loose ends off. They dry out in about a day after washing.
B005CKB0WA Cool look and fit grrreat Cool look! Son can put them on by himself. Great way to keep it easy and still look like a big boy!
B005CKB0WA Lightweight yet supportive I got these for my almost 2 yr old son and LOVE them. They are lightweight (his prior sneakers were heavy and 'clunky') so I think they will be great for summer. The color (we have the navy) is nice and neutral and will go with many outfits. They are easy to put on and the quality seems good. I highly recommend them.
B005CKB0WA a great shoe for our baby girl the sneakers fit well and our baby is so excited to wear it and the color is amazingloved it
B005CKB0WA Shoe Purchase on Amazon Fit as expected without having measured my child's foot going on other shoes which were somewhat similar so had an idea as a guide.
B005CKB0WA Great kid shoes We're purchased a few pairs of the Puma Whirlwind. The fit is a little wider than most puma's and our kids seem very comfortable in them.  Love having lots of colors to choose from and you can't go wrong with the velcro close for little feet.
B005CKB0WA Got dirty right away When I received these shoes for my daughter I was a little skeptical because of the thin material, but she loved them so we kept them. The first time she wore them they got really dirty so I cleaned them off. The suede cleaned up great, but the white section did not and now is brown. Too late to return and now we're stuck with dirty shoes until she grows out of them.
B005CKB0WA producto cambiado Greetings, I request a puma gums to be number 43 or 10.5 man bands to have received a child, I do not understand the situation the same.
B005CKB0WA Puma The sneakers are very light weight. They fit my guy just fine. Seems to be made strong
B005CKB0WA So cute/cool I always have high expectations of Puma's and they never let me down.  These shoes are cooler in person on my little guy.  I got the green so he can wear them with Navy or black. They are soft, comfortable, easy to put on and should be pretty durable since they are Puma's.  I cringed at the price tag because I think close to $40 is too much but caved anyway.  Sizing seems on point maybe slightly small but we're very pleased.  He gets compliments on them everywhere we go from strangers, to other mommies, even from daddies.  You can't go wrong with these for the spring.  The only reason I did not give a 5 is because the treads get dirt stuck in them and he brings it all through the house.
B005CKB0WA Awesome! Very comfortable, my 5 yo wore them at home instead of his Elmo slippers at first; good support and terrific look - what else do you want from shoes?! ;~)
B005CKB0WA Ok I was disappointed in the quality of the straps. They are much flimsier and cheaper than the last pumas we ordered.
B005CKB0WA Nice, lightweight and flexible shoe with fit guide inside I hate guessing when it comes to determining if my kids' shoes fit properly, so I was happy to see the &#34;Kinder Fit&#34; guide inside this shoe, and all the Pumas I ordered to test out.  You can take out the lining, lay it on the floor, place your child's foot on it, and see right away if you've got the right size.  It's a lot like the guide inside all of Stride Rite's shoes.  I would have gone too small without the fit guide. Beyond that, these shoes are sturdy but also nice and light and flexible - not bulky, stiff, or heavy like lots of other sneakers out there.  I think this is especially important in the first year or so of walking.  My 14 month old has been walking in these with no stumbling or other problems and he picks them out of the stack (over his other options) when we tell him it's time to get his shoes.  We haven't had them long enough for me to comment on their durability, but I am otherwise quite happy with them.  Since he started walking, my little one has outgrown Stride Rite sneakers, Clarks, and Crocs, and I'd put these on par with the rest.
B005CKB0WA Very slim...not for chunky feet. These were very slim, definitely not for a chunky footed child. The fit itself was fine, but the sole is very slim and my son didn't like wearing them after a few weeks. Still a solid shoe, just not for us.
B005CKB0WA Awesome! I bought these shoes for the 2 year old birthday of my nephew and all the family loved it. It is perfect for any ocassion. Combination of colors are great and with style. Sizing was perfect.
B005CKDW76 Excellent product, very happy with it! This a great product, the design, the brand, ah how it fits! I hope continue buying this kind of products!
B005CKDW76 Very nice, good quality, but hard to get on First off, these shoes are very nice, leather, well constructed and look very cool with most outfits.  They are however, especially in the beginning, very hard to get on.  I was always afraid I was hurting my sons foot.  Also, for some reason his left shoe comes off occasionally which is a pain since they are hard to get on in the first place.  This is probably more an issue with the type of shoe (ie elastic rather than lace up or velcro) rather than Puma or anything.  It is not a huge issue though since they do not come off when he is walking.  More of an issue when he is horsing around on the floor or something.
B005CKDW76 Sytlish, adorable and practical. This shoe is slide-on with no tying, so it is practical for quick dressing with wriggling ones.  The colors are crisp and perfect for Spring.  Multiple compliments on the little ones feet!  People always ask where I purchased them from.  Also, the soles are sturdy for new walkers.
B005CKHBP0 Love em I bought these for my 17 month old. They have good grip at the bottom unlike the prewalker shoes. Easy to wear and pull em off with squirmy babies... Can't compare pumas with anything!
B005CKHBP0 Simply Wonderful My granddaughter thought we did not put on her shoes & then she looked at her feet & said oh ok!  They are like skin & so comfortable for her!!!! They are for her dressy jean days. They are so precious!
B005CKHVKK Not as comfortable as I hoped This has lots and lots of cats on it. Hope you are into that. This shoe wasn't as comfortable as I'd hoped. My foot size is between a 7 and 7.5, so the fact that this ran tight was a good thing as I ordered a 7.5 (which is usually too big) and it fit me correctly.
B005CKHVKK as described.... needed some black shoes for work and these fit the bill, they don't offer much support, but they serve their purpose
B005CKJFRM For working out Hubby bought these off my wish list. I wear them for turbo kick and zumba.  They offer enough support, for now.  But wonder if I need a little more cushion with such high impact.
B005CKJWW0 Awesome! My daughter and I both love it. Simple to put on her, looks good and lasts long enough for a 2-year old. Parents, what more do you need?
B005CKJWW0 Color looks dirty and velcro tabs bunch up - decent fit, though We've always bought Pumas for our toddler; they seem to fit her feet the best. I like the velcro option, but not the way this is set-up on the shoe. We actually have issues with the tabs bunching up and not sticking correctly. The gray also makes the shoe look dirty.  So these brand new shoes that arrived look a lot older than they are because the gray is a very light gray. It looks as if someone walked through some dust or cement.  And lastly, the blue dye rubs off on her socks. Good fit, though.  If you can get past the color and really tighten down the velcro tabs then they're fine.
B005CKKUQC Beautiful! These shoes look so cool!  They fit just right and my little one loves the puma in it!  I use them mainly when we go out somewhere.  Definitely want to keep these out of the park or any muddy places so they won't get dirty.
B005CKKUQC Love them I brought these shoes to go with my son ferrari shirt that I also got on amazon and there everything as described and looks everything alike the photo!! I highy recommend this product!!
B005CKQ5S4 Just Right My niece loved her new sneakers I purchased as a birthday gift. And it arrived very soon after I made the purchase.
B005COYKXC Awesome I have been buying Pumas for my son since he could walk. These are great sneakers and he really likes them. All the pumas I have bought wear very well.
B005COYRD0 Best shoes ever They shipped fast and are perfect! the light color makes them get dirty fast but that seemed pretty obvious when i bought them so yay all the same
B005CPBU2K excellent soccer boot / cleat for kids The quality is very high. The price? Kids outgrow shoes every year, or maybe even between spring and fall. Well, I suggest you scout out what you want and in what size well in advance, and you buy when they're on sale. Amazon has alerts to help you with this.The boot isn't perfectly smooth like some, but the shape of the boot fits my son's feet better and he has no problems with feel or control. They're slightly wide, or more accurately, not overly narrow like some other shoes. The cleats work well on firm ground or outdoor turf.One thing: the shoe is cut to fit a shin guard with padded ankle protection. If your child wears plain shin guards with the plate only, the shoe could feel a bit loose. Again, this applies to many other soccer cleats as well. Most are cut this way because most people do use shin guards with ankle padding.
B005CPBU2K Disappointed We have bought multiple Puma products over the 14 years my children have played soccer.  I bought these for my youngest child.  Good fit, comfortable, but within the first 2 uses, one of the seems completely split.  Very disappointed.
B005CPBU2K Good leather soccer shoe Received the shoes on Sunday and my boy went to play outside with them immediately.  I purchased these shoes for my boy after having some problems with my shoes. I had done extensive research on comfortable soccer shoes / cleats for men & boys (The other parameters such as touching / feel of the ball, look / design of the shoe were secondary). Leather vs synthetic was considered and decided to purchase this model. Being brand new, out of the box, my boy played two hours and he stated they were great. Being a coach I asked him how he felt the ball, comfort, grip on the artificial surface, he stated that they are better then his previous Adidas model. The leather is relatively soft, good feel on the ball, passing and shooting. I shall be looking to buying this model again when they rip or become small on him as long as they last more then three four months of soccer.
B005CPBU2K great cleats these cleats are great ! the color is vivid, and they seem well made (as most puma products) .. they run slightly large i think, and my son has to wait til later this season to wear them. other then that, im really satisfied !
B005CPYA2M soccer cleats There were no surprises when they arrived. They looked just like the picture and fit perfectly! Look good but most important my daughter LOVED them!
B005CPYA2M Don't buy these cleats These cleats should be recalled and never be sold to general public. They have plastic sole that is cheap to make but can have dangerous consequences. My son wore them first time to his tournament and broke his arm. He slipped when he was warming up for his game. He said it happened because of the slippery sole. PLEASE DON'T BUY THESE CLEATS!
B005CVWYPG My daughter's happy I bought this for my daugter.It arrived in time, no delays and original package, without any sign or scratch....My daughter love them, nice color with glitters and great qualiy
B005CVWYPG Stylish and fits well These are very stylish, well made toddler shoes.  Great fit, stays on feet, and easy to get on wiggly little ones!
B005CVWYPG worst shoe ever My 7 year old daughter had these last year and loved them.  We bought them again this year.  Puma has downgraded the quality of this shoe.  It is flat, no support, no shape to the insole, and feels like plastic.  School was starting so she had to keep them.  She has wore them for five days and is experiencing horrible pain in her heels and ankles.  We are buying the new balance.
B005CVWYPG Lovely great shoes, my little girl loved it very much and slept holding it :). The size was excellent and the high quality was clear. I highly recommend it
B005CVXB30 Ok for now...I guess. I bought these for my daughter who refuses to wear them.  I hate to see them go to waste, so I hang around school yards asking young girls my daughter's size if they would like to try them on.  These are great shoes, I can't believe the school superintendent has had a protection order filed against me... I might challenge him to a winner takes all dance off.
B005CVY9RW Love baby puma shoes These were exactly what my 10 month old needed as she can now walk. They are soft and she cannot pull them off.
B005CVY9RW Perfect crib shoes for little ones beginning to crawl and/or walk Baby girl looks adorable in these! The soles are great--they grip the floors really well. One little negative would just be that she can take them off really easily with the velcro flap in the front. But, she's basically Houdini when it comes to taking off her shoes, anyways!
B005CVY9RW everything I wanted and more The size was perfect. I had previously ordered a pair of robeez and they were so big that months later my daughter still can't wear them. These pumas are perfect. She can run around outside and her feet are protected. They show virtually no wear and tear. Very sturdy material. I love them and so does my daughter!
B005CVY9RW Baby Pumas Fly We were really pleased with the bay Pumas and our Grandson is starting to walk easier in his Pumas!!Yes We like them
B005CVY9RW Don't fall off! My son (9 months) would routinely pull of his socks and other shoes, but he has not been able to get these off. He's just starting to pull up and furniture surf, so we needed something that would stay on and not slip for him. They're easy to put on, lightweight, and stay on. I would highly recommend these shoes!
B005CVY9RW Easy to put on, looks great Our boy gets tons of compliments on these shoes. They are super comfy and easy to put on (and sometimes too easy for him to get them off while sitting in a stroller).
B005CVY9RW Puma Drift Cat Crib shoes The were a gift for my friends new baby girl.He like them very much .She will be wearing themSoon.She will be born in october.
B005CVY9RW baby pumas I loved these tiny pumas! They are super light weight and perfect for infants big or small, walking or crawling!
B005CVY9RW Perfect fit Perfect on my little one's feet.  The fact that she doesn't try to take it off tells me she is really comfortable in them. Happy mommy :)
B005CVY9RW This beautiful little shoe puts the perfect finishing touch on any outfit I saw these shoes on another baby and just loved them, so I went hunting for them and sure enough, Amazon had them
B005CVY9RW they stay on! I LOVE these baby shoes, they are super easy to put on and they stay on which is very difficult with a toddler.  I'll probably be buying them in every size :)
B005CVY9RW Adorable!!!! These shoes were perfect  . . .  my daughter-in-law loved these for my little grandson.  She wore them on him daily!
B005CVY9RW Perfect! This is the only brand that I could find that has a size 5 soft sole. It's easy to clean, comfortable to walk in and stylish.
B005CVY9RW Cool Sneakers for Kids Meet expectations 100 %  cool design and materials, it really meet my expectations, very pleased with the purchase of this item.
B005CVY9RW Superior Stuff Style of shoe and closure make this EASY and FAST to get on someone who is constantly moving!  Get tons of comments from people about how cool the look.
B005CVY9RW stays on relatively well I like these shoes because the strap that goes over the tops allows for a good fit and helps keep the shoe on.
B005CVY9RW Love it I bought 2 pairs for my pre-walker. It fits perfectly and gripped well on my hardwood floor. Also warm enough to wear in house during winter.
B005CVY9RW Great Baby Style These baby shoes are adorable! The quality appears to be very good and at par with Puma products for adults.  I especially like these as baby shoes because they are soft and won't be very binding on our baby's feet , so to allow for proper foot growth and development.
B005DCQE2S This is a perfect fit! I was skeptical about whether or not these shorts would fit but as it turns out they were just the right size. The quality is acceptable and the fabric doesn't fade or gabble when you wash it.
B005DCR5IU Light and comfortable Very comfortable and light weight. Great for my workouts and summertime heat. I am going to buy again in more colors.
B005DCR5IU T-shirt When I received the shirt it was in great condition and was what I wanted. The only problem is that the neck area was to big which will require me to wear a white t-shirt underneath so it fits around my neck properly. The size is fine, but a little too short for my preferred taste. But it is still a proper shirt that I like.
B005DCRS6E Great This pair of shorts is really comfortable and loose fitting. For someone how has ulcerative colitis its not very constricting in the stomach area which is a great thing.
B005DCS7D2 Perfect Perfect product,arrived on the logo looks cool and is perfect adjustable to the waist. I invite to all of you tu buy this Puma short
B005DFNLYO Super comfy! I got these pants to use when I do my workout classes. They are super comfy and allow room to move about. I am typically an XL but I got the L since I read reviews that they run large. I was scared that they were going to be too tight but once they arrived and I tried them on they fit perfect. Not too tight and not too loose. I'm ready to buy more!!
B005DGSGOI Nice shorts, pockets suck These are solid, heavy duty workout shorts. I like the material and the length, but the placement of the pockets sucks. Basically, the pockets go across and down the front of your thighs, so if you plan on carrying anything in them (iPod, phone, keys), forget about trying to do proper deadlifts. In fact, anything where the weight would end up against the front of your thighs is pretty much out. If you don't care about that, then the shorts will serve you nicely.
B005DGSGOI T7 Poly Shorts Awesome shorts. Delivery was great. The shorts have a longer length in the leg which can be hard to find. Well done Puma.
B005DGSGOI My New Favorites Where to begin.  I own about 4 pairs of mesh/athletic shorts, and like most guys, I have owned almost all 4 for over 10 years.  I decided I wanted a change.  I do a lot of floor work outs as part of my workout and was tired of having short shorts that constantly fell during sit ups, leg raises, etc.  I bought these, because they do come down to the knees, these are long shorts.  First off they are not mesh, they are solid poly, and they do come down to the knee.  They have pockets with zippers, which is awesome if you work out with an MP3 player, so you can train away with your device literally at your side, and secure.  The only bummer is that the PUMA decals are iron on velour and fell off after the 20th + wash.  Other than that, these are perfect for the winter and are nice and warm as well.
B005DH3LS8 Puma Striped Pocket Tee I am 5'10" 160 lbs. Ordered a size medium. From the picture I did not think it would be as loose. Should have ordered a size down for a snugger fit around the waist. Shoulder/sleeves are perfect though. Colors are just like the picture.
B005DH3RGO Great The shirt fits nicely around the shoulders and arms for a guy with a broader upper body. Also, the shirt doesn't shrink much in the wash. Fully satisfied.
B005DHGJZK Just my style... The shirt fits well and I like its overall design. Whether you are fan of Puma or Ferrari or neither, I would recommend this shirt.
B005DHN1YM Puma jacket Somewhat small, should have ordered XLarge but it is ok.Looks great with jeans, very casual.I highly recommend this item.
B005DHN1YM Perfect fit Highly recommended. Fits great and is thick enough to wear at night time. Ferrari logos are subtle which gives the jacket a clean, classic look.
B005DHNO9O Forza Ferrari Ferrari has been my favorite F1 team since birth, so I wear this with pride when I go see a F1 race. Very comfortable and cool.
B005DHNO9O A must have ! Very excited about the 2012 collection. The 2013 is not that interesting. I've been to Austin for the F1 race but they didn't have it the, just the shirt. The T-shirt fits even better
B005DHQJGY Excellent sweat pants These are without a doubt the best and most comfortable sweat pants I've ever owned. Puma is a great company and they didn't dissapoint.
B005DHVF4U Great product received fast I love this shirt & receive compliments every time I wear it!! I'm going to order the white & black one now! LOLThe fit is exact and I've washed it a few times now and it hasn't faded. Satisfied customer!!
B005DIQU9Y Great Capri I bought the same capri at the store for a lot more money. Glad I found it on Amazon for a lot less. Bought 2 more, one for working out and the other for everyday. Its true to size and looks just the the pic.
B005DIRAFM Puma 100% Organic Cotton Tee I absolutely love this shirt, it fits great. Love the Puma logo on the front and small one on the neck/back area. It also has a tiny metal logo that hangs on the side, which is really cute but barely noticeable. This shirt is made from organic cotton which feels great! I love that Puma also uses 100% recycled polyester in some of their other products. Keep up the good work PUMA I don't mind paying a little extra for recycled polyester or organic cotton pants and shirts, make more!Puma Apparel Women's Large Logo TeePUMA Women's T7 Track JacketPUMA Women's T7 Track Pant
B005DIRAFM I live in these Wear these all the time whether playing squash or not.  Great fit and very breathable and supportive. A very good buy.
B005DIT9RO I love this pant for Zumba. I am usually 4, 27, or small in pants and these pants fit true to size. Pants are very confortable. They have some pockets that I use for my gym card and the locker key.
B005DIT9RO nice fit, but stretches out after several washes I've been wearing the pants 4 months. I receive compliments on them. I wash them regularly because I wear them often. They are stretching out and picking up lent. I'll wear them to the last day, but probably won't buy anymore similar pair from PUMA.
B005DITORY What I wanted The shirt Its well and the material is soft.  The v neck is a bit deeper then expected especially since I have 34c chest.  But it doesn't bother me.
B005DO6KUW Very stylish, high quality, but pant waistband/fit could be better We always get tons of compliments, oohs and ahhs when my daughter wears this and everyone wants to know where we got it, so it's super stylish. And it's high quality too. The only downside is that the wait band is not super stretchy, so the toddler wearing the pants needs to fit them just right. In my daughter's case she's tall and skiny so the pants are a bit loose and sometimes the ride down on her bottom as a result. Wearing the outfit with a onesie seems to help.
B005DO6KUW Poor Quality and Poor Fit Though the jogging suits are cute, the quality is not what I would expect for the price. I was very disappointed in this purchase and would not recommend.
B005DTGPIY Attractively comfortable. When I first saw these flip flops I thought they were very nice looking. However I soon became dismayed by all the negative reviews.They certainly were attractive though and purchased a pair. To my surprise they proved to be extremely comfortable .With all the flip flops I own, I find myself wearing these the most.Sincerely, A.G.Stish.
B005DTGPIY Great! I have had these a while now and still love them. The graphics on the top did not even come off when I put them in the washing machine.
B005DTJ68U Puma mens slip on Very comfortable! Additionally,they are very stylish and appropriate to wear with jeans, khakis, or shorts. Great color combination and are great for going to the mall or the beach.
B005DTJ68U Cool Slips The raised bumps on the sole are tough for a few days then they soften up and you don't notice it.Also think this design will best pay off in the summer as a way to increase the surface area and more air will get in under the foot to keep the sweaty feet to a minimum.
B005DTJ68U These  slip Ons are the best I  use  them  to  walk  from  my  tent  to  the shower  point . They help  to  keep  my  feet from hurting  while  crossing  the  rocks  on  my FOB
B005DTJ68U Perfect Sizing, Interesting Design These sandals fit perfectly, and are very comfortable. however keep in mind they have some "massage" buttons that take some getting used to, and i still don't wear them for long periods of time. but all in all, i rate it as an excellent choice for non-slip, water oriented use, and the delivery and product were exactly as advertised.
B005DTJM5M a lil small for size 13 does the trick. nothing fab just a nice comfy cheap label friendly sandal to rock on lazy days. the word Epic should not be used to describe this product. FAIL by Puma...
B005DTJM5M Good Sandal I was a bit worried when these sandals first arrived as they were a bit tight, but once you give them time to adjust to your foot shape they are very comfortable and slide on and off very easy. Should mention that the White straps are cloth not rubber so they do stain. A quick rinse in the washing machine and it comes out pretty easily.
B005DTJM5M Beautiful Sandal It's comfortable, it's robust, and I get about 5 compliments every time I wear it outside.  Is there really anything else to add to that?
B005DTKBWA Best Aqua shoes I ever owned I always buy water shoes small to account for no socks.  I would recommend 1-1/2 to 2 sizes smaller on these.  Great padding.  The rubber insole dries out quickly.  Great on the street as well as the pool.  My most demanding use is leading Aqua Zumba classes on a rough concrete pool deck...awesome!  I am able to concentrate on my dancing and participants much more without having to worry about my own body.
B005DTKBWA thank you That was for my dauther perfect she loved but keep looking any what i like for amazon .on not but know all good staff what i seen .
B005DTLFG6 Comfortable and looks good Very comfortable for walking or dancing. Maybe not the best for a long hike or bike riding, but great for everything else.
B005DTLFG6 Great purchase Loved how they looked online and was thrilled when I got them and saw they look even better in person. The palace blue against the ceramic green with the black background looks awesome. They are nice & comfortable too. Just received mine today, and can't wait to wear them!
B005DTOMDO Color is actually purple! Thought I was getting a nice royal blue sneakers, but it is actually purple! Disappointed that The picture did not give a true reflection of the actual product.
B005DTQRZA Exactly like the image I only wish the white rim of the sole of these shoes didn't get dirty so easily, but I knew that was going to be the case when I bought them
B005DTR72W Great shoe, fair price I've never been disappointed by any of my Puma purchases. Love the different angles viewable on the sellers sites, easy to make a decision without actually having to go to a store and shop in person. I know exactly what I'm purchasing.
B005DTR72W Nice sneakers! What a wonderful job Puma made in thisnFerrari sneakers! It is difficult to know if theybare more desirables by their light weight, because of the fine finishing or due to the beaultiful looks!
B005DTR72W Beautiful, coveted and comfortable! Not every Nike store has this Ferrari model and, in the ones I found, price was over U$90,00 and there was no White version.Packing was perfect and shoes fit fine!
B005DTR72W nice I put on my black Levi straight jeans, Sean john white fitted t-shirt and put on this piece of red shoe and stare at the mirror....Hmmmm.... I nod my head and say to myself i love the way the red Puma makes me look...EPIC!!!!!! Its a must have people.... I wear a size 10.5 but for puma u need an inch higher.....I bought a size 11 and it fits perfectly
B005DTR72W VERY GOOD HI THEREI WANT AN INVOICE OF THIS STUFF THAT APPEARES THE TRAKING NUMBER OF THIS ORDERBECAUSE THERE IS A PROBLEM IN THIS ORDER  I HAVE RECIVES Diesel Men's Blacque Scraped Vintage BeltAND THE  PUMA Men's Future Cat M2 New Seasonal WITHOUT PUMA MENS FUTURE CAT REMIX  2 SF FERRARISO THE COMPANY THAT RECIVE THE STUFF IN MIAMI NEEDS THE ORDER WITH THE TRAKING NUMBER TO MAKE THEIR WORK AND SEARCH MY STUFFTHANKS A LOT
B005DTR72W great it is beauty of puma but little expensive
B005DTS9SS Pretty great but a little bit thick if you are 10 in shoes order 10 1/2 on those tennis, it will be better trust me, although very good looking
B005DTT0H2 COLOR IS NOT LIGHT GRAY THEY ARE DARK GRAY!!! I THOUGHT THEY WERE GOING TO BE LIGHT GRAY LIKE IN THE ON-LINE PHOTO BUT THEY ARE NOT THEY ARE VERY DARK GRAY AND LOOK LIKE ORTHOPEDIC SHOES IN PERSON SO THEY WENT BACK.ASAP
B005EJYZQC GREAT PUMA TRACK SET I received my shipment in good time & packaged well,  perfect size & color, made well,  very soft to touch,  beautiful color  purple to wear to football games, just what was needed for a lil' toddler in cool weather, great price, will buy from this seller again.  tku  trish  :o)
B005F17KYI Track suit - best outfit for mobsters and children Great purchase - little boys look adorable in a classic tracksuit.  Comfortable, durable and nice enough to wear to a restaurant or church.
B005F17KYI PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Logo Tricot Set, Peacoat The item fit as expected, but in the first time that I washed it turns out with a lot of withe ball in the fabric. I paid for a Brand that did not was anything that I expected. It is suppouse to last for a long long time and in the first time I washed it looks old and ugly.
B005F17KYI Good Experiance This transaction worked well.  I ordered the wrong size and sent it back.  They allowed me to pick another outfit and re-order.  Smooth as can be.
B005F17KYI PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Logo Tricot Set, Peacoat, 5 Puma - Kids PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Logo Tricot Set, Peacoat, 5Puma - KidsIt is not that great but OK!
B005F17KYI Excellent quality This out fit is excellent quality, great color. I took a star because my son is tall for 5 and the pants are still a bit long. I'll get them tailored... :-( Otherwise, perfect cozy sporty outfit for fall.
B005F17KYI Sweet kids size track suit Well made, and accurate fit comparable to Adidas sizing, size 5 is the same for both brands.  My son was very happy to wear this to soccer practice and to school.
B005F17KYI Puma outfit I loved this outfit, but the pants were a little too long, I needed to hem them, my son loved this outfit!
B005F17KYI My grandson really likes the warm-up suit. My grandson wore the Puma warm-up suit to church. He really likes his new clothes.Good quality top and pants.
B005F17KYI Perfect set. Fits perfectly 4T for a 4T kid.  Well made and looks great.  He wants to wear it all the time, so I will get more.
B005F17KYI Perfect sweatsuit We do not wear sweat suits too often, this one is perfect, looks nice and still functions and provides some warmth.
B005FSQ2MW Great goalie pants, very durable. thinner padding on knees than Reusch 868 Alex, but better fit I bought these as a replacement for the Reusch 868 Alex pants as the Reusch were very tight (Large). I wear 36 waist and these Puma pants fit great. they are tight around the hips and knees and the padding does not move around during game play which is very necessary. They are also very comfortable and their length is perfect (32 inseam).My only complaint is that the knee padding on these is a little thin, and does not offer as much protection as some other pants, including the Reusch mentioned above. But since they fit and provide enough protection for play on turf, I am giving 4 stars. I have used these for 7 games now and there is no tearing, or obvious signs of wear.
B005FWV85O Odd fit This shoe looks nice in the pics but odd on the foot, because, as previous reviewers pointed out, it isn't a full sneak and comes up only part way. I thought this would be flattering, but it's not. The fit is tight in the toes but slips off in the back. Overall, I couldn't make them work.
B005G6035K Great Buy !!! I specifically bought these rugby boots for the upcoming season the colors matches my team color.....on the other hand i played a warm up match in them and they were great they are comfortable and they live up to the PUMA brand !!!
B005GDZT02 pictures Hello, can you please post a couples of pictures of this book bag (or at least write a detailed description of this item) because I am interested in buying it, but I need to see it before I buy it. Thank you
B005GKXXE4 Limited Thought it would have a calorie tracker. It works OK. Just keeps track of heart rate. I would recommend one that is a little more functional.
B005GKXXE4 Didn't work for me I ordered this watch to have a heart rate monitor that would be somewhat stylish.  It did not seem accurate for me.  I would have a pulse of 65 then about 2 minutes later it would say 225.  I typically have a high heart rate but it does not fluctuate like that.  I returned it and will keep looking for a different one.
B005GKXXZI tic tac The buttons are too big you will be permanently touch them accidentaly and scroll over the menu involuntary. Puma products are anyway sooo cool!
B005HEJHYO don't fit as expected check sizes, I usualy use 11,5, ask for a 12, and it doesen't fit as expected.... but the shoe by itself was ok!
B005HEJHYO Golf kicks Stylish, comfortable golf shoes. Puma is a cool brand and inline the gum finish. Fit is solid as well. Winners!
B005HEJHYO Poor Quality As an avid Puma buyer I was expecting a decent pair of golf cleats, what I received instead was a poor-quality, mismatched pair of shoes.  I know all major brands outsource manufacturing to China or Vietnam but this was the worst quality I have ever seen!  When put side-by-side they aren't even symetrical and the stitching is completely off.  Come on Puma, ever heard of quality control?  This makes me rethink my purchases of future Puma products...
B005HEJHYO Light and breathable Not a bad golf shoe, played about 4 rounds with it so far and one was in wet conditions. Not waterproof but still kept my feet reasonably dry, considering.The sole has a really good grip so your feet won't be moving about while you're swinging. It's also light and breathes well.Only downside is that there's not much cushioning and the insole padding is rather thin so you will feel any rocks, branches or anything hard really, that you stand on. Much like really stiff suspension on car.
B005HEJHYO Cool. Hip. Comfy. Good looking stylish shoe. You'll be on the grass knowing that you're not wearing your old time Morris' shoes. I recom!
B005HEJHYO Kind of cheap...I returned them. These shoes feel like they're constructed somewhat cheaply and felt like they would breakdown soon. I guess they're alright for the price. I returned mine to get something with a more stout feel to them. Was tossing the dice and this roll busted.
B005HEJK3W Great Spikes for the Money Loved these spikes right out of the box. Comfortable enough to walk a full 18 the day after they arrived. Got lots of compliments on them at the course too. Fast shipping as always from Amazon
B005HEJK3W pretty good I thought this was a wide fit, but it fits average, I feel more comfortable in wide, towards the 16th hole my feet start hurting, would I buy them again, yes, they look great and everyone comments on them
B005HEJK3W Xmas Gift Got this for my Step Father he wanted Golf shoes and I read all the reviews before I purchased them and they were seemed to be the best ones to get.
B005HEJK3W Good looking Comfy Love the Ace 2 shoe. They fit great and are comfortable to wear for long periods of time. Last week after my round I actually forgot to take them off and drove 30 minutes before I realized I was still wearing them!They are easy to clean and the spikes provide excellent traction. After 10 or more rounds played, no spikes have become loose or fallen off.
B005HEJK3W Great shoes The cleats are an issue they have a tendency to fall out during play.. Check them after a few holes.  Need to find easier replacement cleats.
B005HEJK3W Great surprise for Christmas Husband was Very Happy that he got theses Golf shoes for christmas, nice looking show, very well put togethers . and an xtra plus sharp looking, and also wore by a great golfer, ....Ricky Fowler
B005HEJK3W puma ace 2 the shoe is very sleek and eye catching. the amount of detail offset is perfect, it sets off the white presenting a sytlish contrast. the fit is true to size and allows for a comfortable  and flexible fit.I took them out the box and played a 18 in them, they responding beautifully in both comfort and perforamce.
B005HEK2J8 Meh Not too comfortable, these shoes hurt around the ankle and back of the foot. The tongue is too stiff and theres not much arch support
B005HEK2J8 Save your money! I paid $25.00 for these and that is $24.00 more than I should have paid!  One word... AWFUL!!!  I got the white and black version..Oh yeah,the black/white and RED from all the blood I lost from the blisters on my heels!  Think of a very stiff version of Converse All Stars and all the comfort of thin canvass poking/rubbing/digging every step.....SAVE YOUR MONEY!!
B005HEK2J8 Hoping Hoping they break in, shoes like this scare me to buy online. But if I tried them in a store, I still would have grabbed them. They fit good but after 10 minutes the heels kill. Blisters like never seen, wore around the house with no issues but at the course, 9 holes had me in pain, no padding
B005HEK2J8 Hurts my feet everytime Every single time I try to use it, it hurts the back of my feet.It is very annoying, I'm trying all type of solutions to make it stop, but it is just too much.I do not recommend you buying it before testing it out in a store.
B005HEKWM0 sole of rt shoe ended up cracking straight across - PUMA provided a coupon for the amt. sole of rt shoe ended up cracking straight across - PUMA provided a coupon for the amount. I wanted another pair just like this one, but was told they dont carry them any longer. Now I need to pay more money for their current line of shoes.
B005HEL0G2 Where's the Quality? Have worn them for 1 week of golf and there is a break in the sole already.  I had to have surgery so I have not contacted the seller yet.
B005HELPYO Cool! Love it! I use it for the gym .... it's so easy to use and carry around. I will recommend it!
B005HELPYO Loved it! Bought it as a gift for my fianc&eacute; and she loved it, plenty of space and very delicate look. Easy to transport.
B005HELTCM Very Nice Golf Shoes I purchased these as I had recently picked up golfing again, and needed something fancy for a work outing. Fairly easy to clean, very comfortable and look very sharp with any outfit :)
B005HELTCM Tee Time Good quality golf shoe.  Ordered as a gift for our daughter.Only issue was Rouge Red is really dark pink.  Appears asa true red in photo, not when you open the box.  She decidedto keep despite the difference in expected color.
B005HELTCM Not as described The shoes are pink, not red.  Other than that, they are good.  I couldn't take them back though since they came in the same day I needed them and so I had to wear them.
B005HELTCM very reasonable & fashion statement I wore them all day in the house and a break-in period wasn't really required. If the weather warms up a bit I hope to try them on the course soon.
B005HELTQ8 functional size I would like to have had a dedicated water bottle sleeve but otherwise very versatile and easy to carry and pack
B005HEM8RW disappointed Had it for a week and the side zipper broke. I really expected better quality for the price. Would not recommend.
B005HEMCUA a little big I really liked the color and size, but imagine actually slightly smaller, just be one of my favorite accessories. love it
B005HEMCUA Excellent I recommend this product 100% is crafted in genuine leather that adds a touch of elegance without neglecting the lines of the hallmark deportriva Puma.
B005HEMSW2 Perfect!! was exactly as it was described, and EXACTLY what i was looking for! cant wait to use it on my upcoming trips!
B005HEN3GW They're shoes...which isn't a bad thing Perfect, they keep the moisture out and you connected to the ground.  Would have been a perfect score, but they get a bit heavy after walking 18 holes
B005HEN3GW Delivered as expected Very happy with the purchase of the Puma Jigg Golf shoes.  They were delivered as promised and would highly recommend them for the serious golfer
B005HEN3GW Very comfortable shoes, although a bit heavier than other brands. I bought these last year, and after having played about 10 rounds in them (I alternate shoes depending on what I wear)I have to say I'm very pleased with them. They have a tremendous amount of cushion, and really help you feel connected to the ground. They are a bit heavy compared to some other brands/models but well worth the price and weight for the comfort they provide.My only quibble is with the quill spikes, they wear quickly, but other than that very pleased with the shoe.(will be replacing with the black widow tours for this year)
B005HEN3GW Just OK The shoes are fine otherwise, but the top surface was wrinkled and slightly ill-formed, as if it were a second.  Not bad enough to go through the hassle of a return, but not what I would accept if buying in person.
B005HEN3GW Amazing! I ordered these shoe for the new golf season. They fit true to size. I got the wide because I have flat feet. They are super comfortable. I played 27 holes this weekend and I walked every single one. My feet never hurt!!
B005HEN3IK breaking spikes I have had these shoes for 5 months and have lost or broken 5 spikes! Poor design on the spike holding system. They are the same spikes used on Adidas shoes. They have T shape holder instead of the screw in type like my Foot Joys. One or both parts of the T have broken off. On all my other golf shoes over the years, I have replaced a lost or broken spike maybe 3 or 4 times. I have only played about 10 rounds and to have to replace that many spikes is ridiculous. Love the fit and feel but to have to carry extra spikes in my bag is crazy. Yes, I walk and weigh 175 pounds.
B005HEN3IK Sole cracked Just like some one's review, I had same issue as written below.  began noticing that my feet were getting wet. Not my whole foot, just the bottoms. Turns out that, at some point, the soles of BOTH shoes cracked from edge to edge right along the ball of the foot where the shoe flexes the most. It's not just cracked, the sole is basically broken in half (the toe half is no longer connected to the heel half). Water now gets up in through the crack and stability and support are compromised. Also a couple of the removable cleats have come off and I think one may have even broken off, leaving some plastic in the fitting.If the sole break had occurred on just one foot I'd chalk it up to bad luck, but the fact that it happened on both shoes tells me it's a defective product, and because of that I couldn't recommend this shoe to anyone else. I'm in the process of sending these back to Puma, as they're covered by a 2 year waterproof warrantee. I definitely wouldn't buy another pair, but I'll accept a new pair for free.
B005HEO7LM not too chic!!! Bag is as shown in picture, agreeable it very spacious.I however challenge it being chic! Its more big and spacious that fashionable and chic like I wanted.
B005HEO7LM Great product!!! FPwrfect size!! its all my gym and swim gear without being too packed. Very stylish. Get lots of compliments. Only con is that the top narrows too much. But this makes carrying it on your shoulder a lot easier when fully packed. The straps do not keep falling off.
B005HEOMIK nice and handy it's perfect for gym wear and pair of shoe.. not too big to put other gears like basketball and not certainly any kits.
B005HEONCU Okay Just another replica,cheap made,buy this for my husband he didn't start using it after I buy it but since is the only one he had no option.lol it's just okay. Thank you.not bad at  all.
B005HEP57C You'll be very with this purchase! Best golf shoes my wife has ever had! Perfect fit and very stylish, an oxymoron for typical women's choices in footwear!
B005HEP57C Dissatisfied with product Wore the shoes 3 times and the eyeholes holding the shoelaces broke. I can no longer wear them. Very disappointed, especially based on how much I paid for them.
B005HEPGOO Awesome The backpack is soooo badass. I love it and the shipment was fast. The backpack is so much better in person. Also the color is beautiful and its such an eyecatcher.I totally recom. this backpack to everyone.
B005HEPMYS Comfortable The straps are wide and comfortable. Easy tighten and release straps. Vented back Space for your laptop, Tablet And books.
B005HEPXDI Comfortable but a little on the small side. A little small (still usable) compared to other athletic shoes my son has.  He said they are very comfortable and likes the sole better than traditional golf spikes.
B005HEQARQ This backpack ROCKS So many pockets , lightweight , and looks awesome. If you put a laptop in it make sure it has a protective cover. This has very little cushioned areas. Best backpack I ever owned.
B005HEQARQ Great Backpack!!! I bought this initially to work out on the gym but have been using it more for school due to the large amount of space it provides.
B005HEQARQ Good backpack.  Feels durable The backpack feels incredibly durable.  The bottom has a strong material,  which in my case was always a seller since the bottom will tear a lot.  The pocket on the side fits my gs3 and the headphones.  The only down side is that I wished it had a padded laptop pocket but it's not a deal breaker.  Definitely better than the previous backpacks I owned.
B005HEQARQ Well built and comfortable This is a really nice backpack. I bought it for my son to go to high-school and it is so useful. It has many compartments to put in all the things you may need and the straps are padded for your comfort. I absolutely  will buy again. The item shipped fast and I'm super happy with this purchase.
B005HEQARQ Rips very easily! Like all the compartments and its lightweight. However, it does not stand upright and the material is so poor that it will tear. Mine tore after a few days of use.
B005I19DHC Slick Sneakers These shoes look good on the screen but even better in person.  The colors are very accurate online the only thing that's hard to make out in the pictures is the fine texture of the nylon.  Love my kicks.
B005I19DJU just as shown Maybe a bit too hipster for me, but figured i would try them out. Would recommend getting additional insoles for extra padding. Nice shoes have had several women comment on them
B005I19DJU medevil blue puma benecio drill pack Blue in picture is enhanced and nowhere near actual blue on shoe. See puma wbsite for more acccurate color. good shoe otherwise
B005I36VEI Puma I absolutly love this product! Comfortable breathable lightweight and keep shape. I purchased this product because I work in a dental office where i am constantly running around and needed something that could offer me comfort and not have to replace them in a month.
B005I3A752 Great stylish shoes for the rain. I bought these a month or so ago because I walk about 4 miles to and from work.  I take shortcuts through fields, and inevitably, the morning dew leaves me with soaking wet socks and shoes.  I bought the Puma Duck boots as an alternative to the traditional Wellies-style rain boots, because I thought the Pumas would be more practical for walking long distances.  These shoes are perfect!  My feet stay warm and dry, they give me adequate support when I walk, and best of all, they're very stylish.  I seem to get compliments every time I wear them, and I'm happy to have found an alternative to the more common rain boots I spot on the college campus where I work.  These are highly recommended!
B005I3A752 cool shoe! I was looking for a stylish and worm shoe.. and when I saw this one on amazon I just felt in love!  I thought the design and the combination of colors was cool and also the materials.  When I received them I was very happy.  I've read some reviews on internet about the sizing so I ordered in 10,5 when I'm usually 9 1/2 -10.. and they fit perfect!  I hope my feet will be worm and confortable the whole winter!
B005I6YAU2 Would recommend! As some have said before, the tongue is very thin, but otherwise this is a pretty good shoe. I did get a blister on the back of my heels the first time I wore them, but that was probably more from the socks I was wearing (which were very low). Since then I've had no problem with them and love the Puma brand, fit, and style. These feel very fast and allow me to move around and change direction very quickly.
B005I6YAU2 Shoes pinch toes The shoes bend in such a way when you run that they squeeze your toes. This is because the padding on the kicking portion is split so that the shoe only bends in between the pads. That portion then digs into your toes. Very uncomfortable while running, which is obviously a problem when playing soccer.
B005I6YAU2 ! It is a PUMA. Need I stay more? No really, the kangaroo leather is seriously great. I really appreciate it.
B005I70A96 Selling the damage product to the consumer, and not backing it up I am very disappointed about this PUMA product, I have send you pictures of the damage product and did notget any reaction from your company ,as a owner of many PUMA equipment , this was my worst experienceof puma, because of your not replying about the shoe damage you have lost a sale over $6000.but thank you for the experience, no heart feelings.
B005I722II Sooo perfect!!! Great traction and it looks incredibly fashionable. All the GUYS were loving it, good thing it didn't fit them or else I would of got home with no shoes.
B005IKILF8 Puma Women's Future Cat Remix Laceup Very stylish to look at. A bit snug across the feet but okey to walk in. Maybe the width of the shoesI chose was not correct.Anne-Marie S
B005IKIS9C Gift for my Wife, My wife love her training shoes, she have used these on her daily training at Gym and still looks like new...Excellent product, delivery and quality.
B005IKJ2D8 i love my puma I HAVE JUST RECEIVED MY COMFORTABLE,, STYLISH PUMA  SNEAKERS. MY ORDER CAME ON TIME AND I AM SO HAPPY WITH IT, FOR THE PRICE I PAID FOR IT I WILL NOT  EXCHANGE COMFORT FOR PRICE. THANK YOU AMAZON FOR A SPEEDY DELIVERY!!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM . IT  COULD BE WORN WITH ANY APPAREL.
B005IKJ2D8 Love these Puma's I always have the hardest time finding tennis shoes that look cute and are comfortable.. these are both! I almost feel barefoot! They look little but are very roomy which helps since I have a wide foot and don't like to make my foot look fat. Yeah I know silly and vain but true, so these are perfect they make my foot look little but give me a lot of room inside, don't know how they did it but I'm now a Puma woman for life!
B005IW8ING very uncomfortable My 9 year old liked the look but couldn't wait to get them off after half a day at school.  She had red skin close to blisters on top of her feet.  If anyone's considering buying these, go to a store and check them out for yourself: there are thick seams of overlapping materials inside each shoe, just where the laces begin. You won't see them unless you unlace the shoe completely and look inside, or stick your hand inside and feel them.  That's what was causing a lot of friction and pain.  I checked her other sneakers just to see if they have similar seams, which they do, except they are nice and flat.  I'm very disappointed considering how much these cost.  We'll stick to asics and adidas from now on.
B005JF8KQ2 I LOVE THEM ! I HAPPEN TO LIKE PUMAS AND ADIDAS, WELL ALSO NIKE ! I LIKED THEM AS SOON AS I SAW THEM THERE'S ALSO SOME SIMILAR ONES TO THESE , BUT THEY'RE FOR FEMALE THEY'RE ALSO BLACK . I MAY GET THEM FOR MY SISTER ! WELL ,ANYHOW THESE GYM SHOES ARE SNUG AND COMFORTABLE THE PUMA EMBLEM IS A SHINNY SILVER WHICH IS COOL . IECOMMEND YOU BUY THESE GYM SHOES YOU'LL LIKE THEM !
B005JKMIDI Great looking suede sneakers from Puma. The Laube is a suede sneaker from Puma's Rudolf Dassler collection (Dassler was the founder of Puma). I have two older pairs of Dassler Pumas, and these have toned down on the retro-trendy look and added some of today's Puma design features. The result is a classic in my opinion, tasteful styling and an excellent color palette of black, charcoal grey and white. The original circa-1948 Puma logo appears on the tongue and heel. The top eyelets are finished in an orangeish-biege for a subtle touch of color. They are well made with black suede uppers and tongue. The soles are rubber in dark grey with a herringbone-type tread parttern. The toe cap is a rubbery material in dark grey. The shoes are very comfortable (I use perscription orthodics, and they fit in these shoes) and I think they look great. They're stylish without being trendy or gaudy. Sizing is true to Puma in that they run slightly small, so I get one size larger. Puma seems to have eliminated the previous unique grey Rudolf Dassler box, my pair of Laubes came in Puma's standard red corrugated box. Highly recommended.
B005LBK2VA good quality for the price I bought this to go with 2 other black warmup pants and to replace a black and red colored warmup jacket that fit but was not loose enough for me. I always want an oversize jacket because I like the extra room and can wear other clothing under it with no concerns about feeling squeezed in or restricted in any way. I set out to get a primarily black color with white accents jacket and started searching on eastbay and then to Amazon. While this is not the thickest garment it has areas of thickness and areas which are thinner and more breathable. When I first put it on I thought it felt cheap because I only felt the thin breathable area. I wore it outside for the first time today and discovered that this a real quality warmup jacket that looked good felt good and kept me warm even in the rain and temp at about 48 degrees. I started to appreciate the different mixture of textures and how well thought out the design is. By the end of the day I changed my mind about this jacket. Also the zipper system is very easy and well made. Zip and unzip with not problem and very smooth. The only other question is how long it will last and how it will react to doing sports and other activities that will stress the garment. Only time will tell. If I find a weakness as I become more active and aggressive with it I will update this review. It looks like a winner.
B005LBWWI6 Great BUY They fit very well. No complains on the materials used or the color. It says on the tag that it might have some color migration in the first two weeks so just don't use the white laces at first use the blue ones that come with the shoes!
B005LC5FTS Just got it, haven't actually used it yet Haven't really used yet. I plan on using it for the following school semester. It looks like it will fit my laptop fine, along with a few college books. I looked for side pockets and pockets in the front and looks like it is what I expected. I just hope it last the semester. When that time comes, I'll let you know!
B005LC5FTS Puma is Puma Had this bag since December of 2012. Only one string of the zipper has popped. It's an awesome backpack all around. Spacious inside and in the front compartments. More than enough room is in the top compartment as well for that easy access. Puma needs to construct their zippers better, that's my only issue. I own many Puma products but two bags, and in both bags, the string has popped.
B005LC5FTS Not bad Slightly smaller then it looked online but still very nice and as for the zippers, they seem pretty fragile but it holds well
B005LCBNPI Fantastic! Worth the extra money. It is very well made. A little bigger than the other bags. Pockets are well thought out and roomy. Great work out or weekend bag (for summer). Rigid bottom with feet. Would buy again but is well enough made that I shouldn't have to for years.
B005LCD60I LAB II cool appearance and awesome quality craftsmanship! ( bought for my brother as a gift, it seems he likes them a lot)
B005LCD60I I really like Delivery on time excellent shoes I recommend these product to whoever wants to wear cool, relax...the material is confortable and the size is perfect..
B005LCD60I The back sole from the heel starts to peel after a month This was my replacement, the first pair the back started to peel after 2 weeks, so i returned it, but now the replacement i got, it's doing the same thing after 1 month. I dont' recommend this shoe, worst quality for a Puma I've ever got. As I am a Puma Fan. Not good at all.
B005LCD60I Okay...until they start falling apart. These are probably unlicensed reproductions. Don't really care for the price paid, except the outside PUMA LAB II logo has rubbed off after five wearings.
B005LCD60I Great Comfy and stylish, my only complaint is they don't have a loop on the tongue that attaches to the laces so the tongue slips down when I am slipping them on sometimes. Otherwise great, and comfy from the first time I put them on.
B005LCD60I Bad luck I am a PUMA lover... I live in Costa Rica, I ordered them because they are usually more expensive here. But last week I went to a shoe store and found them cheaper than here...unbelievable. But anyways... they are great
B005LCE58A Works perfect for my Pickleball gear Well made.  It appears it will survive a lot of abuse for a long time.  Pockets on the ends are very handy for separating type of equipment.  Wet clothes pocket perfect for sweaty clothing.  Plenty of room for paddles, shoes, etc.
B005LCE58A Puma Duffel I bought this for my husband for XMAS he loves it. Very roomy and well made.  He takes it to the gym all the time and gets compliments on it.  A must buy for any gym lover! PUMA is an excellent product.
B005LCE58A Solid purchase Great size for a workout, and loving the shoe compartment. Would have gone 5 stars but I wish there were a little more space for toiletries.
B005LCE58A SHOULDER STRAP TOO LONG IT COULD ALSO USE ANOTHER OUTSIDE MESH POCKET FOR WET CLOTHING SUCH AS A SWIMSUIT. THE SHOE POCKET IS NICE.
B005LCE58A Its useful I like it , the quality probably isn't what I expected, but i really like the compartments, and how you can separate your shoes from your clothes.
B005LCE58A Mostly happy Pretty much exactly as described in the product description.  Very nicely sized for a set of shoes and a full set of sweats... and then some snacks, a kindle, headphones, other random stuff.  My only complaint is that the zippers aren't the most sturdy in the world, so I feel like I have to be careful with them.
B005LCE58A Disappointed Is a fathers day gift, was disappointed in the material. By the looks of the photo I thought it would've been made out of a stronger, stiffer and thicker material.  But it was thin and flimsy.  Looks better stuffed to the max I guess. I do like the shoe compartment so u don't get clothes dirty and I'm sure it helps with smell especially with the vents. The shoulder straps padding is nice. Overall, being this bag was less then 1.00 cheaper then the MRSP price I think next time I will go out in person and do my shopping to get a better look at what I am buying and get a better deal. I found the same product on other websites afterwards for less and I know in stores they have sales that would be even cheaper, especially when u save on shipping.
B005LCE58A Fast and what I expected I bought it for my boyfriend's bday gift. He really like the shoe compartment option to put his work out shoes in.
B005LCE58A Good Size - Slight Zipper Problem Perfect size for the gym. Like the bright colors and the ventilated shoe pouch. The zipper sticks a bit when I go to open it sometimes, but a quick pull will fix the issue. Otherwise would be 5 star.
B005LCE58A Serves the purpose Bought it for my gym needs. Serves the purpose. Material looks cheap.
B005LCE58A Great product What can I say? It is exactly what it claimed to be, and it suits my needs just as I expected.
B005LCE58A Worth the money invested This bag is worth the money invested on it. This cannot be used for long journeys or not even short journeys. But if you are looking to hit the gym or go on a daylong trip this is definitely worth buying.
B005LCE58A Excellent, best gym back I've had over 30 years of working out!` Loved the color and the straps were perfect.  The two extra side pockets was extra feature I had no idea they existed.  Sturdy and reading to put it to the work out.Nelson
B005LCE58A Is cheap and feels cheap Honestly I thought it was a little sturdier and kept its shape. This thing is very soft and folds easily. But for the price I guess I can't complain
B005LCE58A Freaking awesome! Fits all my gym stuff in it. Jock, jeans, shorts, shoes, toiletries, water, workout supplements and shirt. Great material!I prefer this over my old leather one any day!
B005LCE58A Right Sized The shoe pocket is great. For normal fitness center use, offers ample room.Could do with some more pockets for knick-knacks
B005LCE58A Awesome space I was tired of using a backpack for the gym and then throwing it away months later when it smelled of sweat too much. This one is great barbecue the shoe compartment(awesome on its own) has vents(small but effective). Im not too much of sweaty smelly guy, but when my shoes got wet on a hard cardio day, and I stuffed them into a backpack for hours, they would transform into an odious monster of smell.If it wasn't clear from the description, there is a pocket at both ends(one a normal one and one for your shoes). Then there is a middle compartment that is fairly large but loses space to the shoes in the outside compartment when that compartment is filled. Decent amount of space in total, I fit gym cloths, deodorant, boots sometimes with space to spare.Only negative was the shoulder strap was too long to be comfortable even when adjusted(I am pretty short, 5'7). I rigged it to be better.
B005LCE58A Poor quality. I bought mine about a month ago Poor quality. I bought mine about a month ago, and it started to rip apart near the zipper already with minimal usage. Not impressed!
B005LCE5M6 Durable and lightweight This is the perfect size for the gym and I use  it for weekend excursions as well. So far it has been durable (have used it for two months) and packs easily. The only thing it is missing is a small outer compartment for toilietries or other small items, but that's hardly a downfall. I love it!
B005LCEGM0 Good duffel No problems so far and I love the colors. Huge inner space since the material is very soft and maleable.I used this product for a 3 week  car camping trip and after a thorough wash it still looks like new.
B005LCEGM0 Very nice I use it for my bikram yoga and it has the perfect space for two large towels, yoga mat .
B005LCEGM0 It's alright, as advertised. Item came with a stain on the flap but had a trip the next day. Was disappointing to be placed in that situation.
B005LCEGM0 should have bought a back-pack Should have bought a pack-packIts hard to get stuff in and out of at the guy and the zipper broke
B005LCEGM0 As advertised Love the color selection on these and they seem durable enough to last a good while.  I shopped around for awhile and decided these are the best all round little duffels for me.
B005LCEGM0 excellent perfect an excellent article and I recommend buying all this lump filled my expectations, is comfortable, beautiful, practical ... has everything you wanted
B005LCEGM0 Just how it's described Love it! Very easy & convinient & great part is that it's just the way it's described. Good work & Promply shipped too!
B005LCEGM0 Ndndm It was very big, it wasn't like description. But I use now, I though that the items was more small.
B005LCENDC Great material, durable but much bigger than I expected. If you're not a 6' guy/girl don't expect to carry (by hand) this without dragging it on the floor.  The inner base isn't hard enough to carry the weight of whatever you put inside, so the middle sags down.  Otherwise this is a great bag.
B005LCENDC Just the right fit I like side for the shoes with the breather holes. A lot of space for your clothes and everything else. The shoulder strap is wide and comfortable.
B005LCENDC LARGE is More like EXTRA Large. But Done It's Job. LARGE is More like EXTRA Large. But Done It's Job.
B005LCENDC Too Large Hi the 28'' was too large for me, but the product was awesome. For the sport guys this is best one for carrying your kit.
B005LCENV4 One Star Not as pictured, straps are made of rope.
B005LCENV4 Worth the money I choose this rating because its pretty big with a small pocket with zipper inside of it. The only thing i put inside was wallet, extra water bottle of water and etc. I mainly use it for when i go bike riding with my friends. Its amazing how much it can hold without being rip compare to my old one. The only con is the line is too long which i'm fine with it, but it keep slipping down when biking.
B005LCENV4 Misleading picture needs to be changed As noted by other reviews, the straps are thick draw strings. In fact, all Puma Gym bags don't have the look as the picture.
B005LCENV4 not only for gym use i had one of these before and it was great i got two because i use one for school the bad is so big it can hold 3 text book and 4 1 inch binders and i use the other one for when i go to the gym and it can still hold a lot
B005LCENV4 i dont really use it all all meh its just been chillin in my garage. it doesnt pull though when it needs to so its shinted. there are better quality gym bags. sorry puma. i like you but it seems like quality wasnt in the instuctions when you made this
B005LCENV4 It really needs a zipper pocket on the outside. It does have a small zipper pocket on the inside but it's too small, if you put your keys in there or headphones for instance they will get lost in there forever.
B005LCENV4 decent Guess it does the job but should not be priced as high as some of the other gym bags like this one. Other bags at same price has more features such as aadditional pockets and side nets. This one is very simple and because of this it should cost less
B005LCENV4 Well made, large but not too large I fit my beach towel, water and even a notebook. This is still new, but it seems to be well made and I think it will hold up.
B005LCENV4 It's just ok- straps are in fact rope Just as another reviewer had stated, the straps are NOT what is pictured.  They are the traditional ROPE.  The quality of the actual bag is nice and the red is bright.
B005LCENV4 Exceeds Expectation I think the product exceeded my expectation. It hold my full lenght towel, a change of clothes(t shirt, shorts and innerwear), a shower gel, deodorant, sometimes my shoes & key and such knick knacks.
B005LCENV4 So cute! Great color. The green actually is darker in person than in the picture, but I'm okay with that. Size is also bigger than I thought. It's a little stiff still, but I'm hoping it will soften with use. Like the convenient zipper pouch inside to keep my small items secure, and hidden. Great buy.
B005LCENV4 just right I love this pack, it's just right for few smallish items that you need with you, my wife calls it my purse, I use it A LOT
B005LCENV4 Cheap, Worthless Garbage My son tried to use this for the first time yesterday.  Into it he put one number 4 youth soccer ball, one pair of youth goalie gloves, and one 24oz water bottle.  He put the strap over his shoulder and headed out the front door, but didn't even make it off our front porch before the strap tore loose and the bag fell to the ground.  Returned in disgust.
B005LCENV4 Great small pack Wasn't sure how much use we would get out of this little pack, but turns out it has come in handy quite a few times.  My son has a sports duffel as well as a backpack.  However, when he is preparing for sporting events, he likes having a separate pack to keep clean clothes in to change into after the game.  Very handy to keep separate from sweaty sports clothes and equipment!
B005LCENV4 so far so good bought this before my trip to thailand, took it everywhere and continue to take it everywhere, does the job and hasnt ripped yet, cant complain!
B005LCENV4 Love it A much higher quality bad then I would have thought!  Feels like it will last forever. I like it very much
B005LCENV4 Serves it's purpose... It's a cinch-string bag. The best price I could find, but the strings had some parts that had tears in them straight out of the package. Not enough of an issue to warrant a return, but I would consider ordering elsewhere had I known.
B005LCENV4 Great to take to the gym I use it to carry my weight belt, chalk, pad and pencil and water bottle when going to the gym floor. Convenient to carry around.
B005LJ2VUC normal shoes nomal normal price :) materials are normal and the size is feeting :) its flexeable :) buy it dont think twice :)
B005LVNP3M Puma capri Love the colors the capri has I bought a top that would match and they look great can't wait to show them off.
B005LX809Y Awesom My husband is extremely picky when it comes to his boxer briefs and these are perfect.  They are comfortable and relaxing!  Will definitely purchase from again.  Thank you.
B005MG39LO The logo falled apart after first wash! Very beautiful t-shirt and fits true to size, only problem was after first wash the logo start to fall apart while it was still wet just like a decal.
B005MNY3JE puma hoodie Haven't seen such awful lining quality for a long long time. How dare they call it "sherpa"? The cheapest polyester fur lining I've ever seen. You run your fingers over it, and the pieces of thread stay in your hand! Going back of course. They should be totally ashamed for manufacturing such low-quality clothing.
B005OKF984 GREAT arrived early. perfect size and gift wrapped beautifully! my boyfriend loved it. it was better than the picture. arrived ll the way to afghan!
B005OKFCTU Comfortable These shoes run a little small and are tight fitting. Always get half a size bigger. They do expand a bit after some wearing and o you can always loosen the velcro wrap at the top. They are quick to wear and remove so very ideal for the casual feel where comfort and looks are a key consideration. I have four pairs - two for casual walk and two for the gym. I like them for the gym as well due to the low heel, inner comfort and snug fit. I use them for boxing workouts here a decent amount of mobility, rope jumping and cardio fit workouts and they are a good fit or this. The white part gets dirtier first of course otherwise they keep clean pretty good with regular wiping
B005OKFLLE My fianc&eacute; looooooooves it He was posing in it lol. Not in front of a mirror, just in front of me. It was too funny.He said a man with a pair of new shoes is a man with a set of new balls. LMFAO. He's such a weirdo.He said they're VERY comfortable. He is VERY happy. :) Highly recommended.
B005OKFLLE defect I ordered it for my son. It looks nice. But there is a major manufacturing defect. When my son put the right one on, he asked me it weired in the area under the great toe . I checked up. Guess what? the inner pad folded back there. They did not check it up. Where is PUMA's quality control???????????????????????????? This is my first PUMA, and last one two. I will return it and forget about this brand.
B005OKG942 Great quality Well made, strongly constructed, real eye catcher, nice to be different from the crowd of airmaxs around me. Snug fit but still comfortable. Delivered on time as promised, though they could be faster.
B005OKYZWA Great basic puma Nice colors and bright colors.  I would not buy these for a kid who's hard on shoes, because the white would be to hard to keep clean.  The guy wearing these is careful with everything he owns.
B005OL9LH8 Absolutely awesome design but surprisingly heavy Very high quality and extremely good looking shoes. But I was surprised by their weight - they are on the heavy side compared to other similar sneakers, like Puma Benny Breaker I always wear. The fit is perfect.
B005OLK5QO Gotta Love my Pumas Big fan of Puma and there classic fashionable take on shoes. Bought with slight hesitance because I thought they where going to be to small. Turns out they are true to size. Slightly loose, but true.
B005OLLNII soooo comfy one of the comfiest pairs of shoes i own, and at a great price. puma never lets me down. only downside is that it is a tad skinny. but i might just have wide feet.
B005OLUFK0 Comfortable and lightweight A very good choice for my lifestyle in constant motion. Ideal for walks at work. Very well adjusted to my measurements. Very happy with my shoes.
B005OLW5PS This is by far my favorite motorsport enthusiast shoe Like all Pumas, these run a little small so I bought a 1/2 size larger than usual and they fit, just fine.  I have these D power shoes in other colors, including low top, and these mid top ones are my favorite.  They are very comfortable and I love how the shoe is shaped, especially the outline of the sole. I use these for everyday use, but I'm a motorsport junky so these do get used in karting and the occasional S2000 track day too.  That said, you could probably get away with using these for karting if you're in the market for a kart shoe,  I own a couple pairs of Puma Kart Cat Mid II's and, although those are kart purposed shoes, I do occasionally use these Driving Power Mids instead because they are so much more comfortable.Also, on the plus side, if you're a fan of the Mercedes AMG Petronas F1 Team, their mechanics wear this same shoe in black... If it's good enough for F1 mechanics, it's good enough for me.
B005OMEGTA great shoes my  husband ordered these and he is very happy with them.  he has had these before and couldn't find them at the storeso he is very happy.
B005OMEGTA Excellent shoe! I only wear Puma shoes, and needed something for the upcoming Texas summer heat. I figured the mesh would be ideal for beating the heat. When I received these I put them on and could immediately tell the difference from the other pairs I own. They are very comfortable and obviously easy to put on. I plan on buying another color to add to the collection.
B005OMEGTA Actually better than what i expected. When I got my shoes I was impressed. They were exactly what I thought they would be. The box was in great condition and I loved the puma sack.
B005OMEGTA Stylie Had the silver option in these shoes and knew they were a quality product. Hope Puma continues to make this style.
B005OMEM2Q still kicking I where theses shoes strictly at work and they are starting to wear through only after 6 months. should have shopped in a store.
B005OMEM2Q Not bad, just not the high quality I had hoped This purchase was to replace a well-worn pair of Puma shoes that lasted a long time, even though my son was terrible about keeping them wiped off, etc.  He loved the way  they fit and looked.  The shoes we saw online were in the same price range, so we figured they would be similar quality.  As soon as I saw them in the box, I was turned off because the leather seemed a little "plasticky" and not as nice as the old ones were when they were new.  It was going to cost too much to return these. So we kept them.  They fit and they look ok, but since they are not as sharp looking, they don't get worn that much, so I suspect they will last a very long time.
B005OMFAYK Excelent and very comfortable sneakers very light and comfortable. excellents for informal dressing, walking and log standing days. recommend in full this sneakers. enjoy it.
B005OMFAYK Looked good in the box These are interesting looking shoes for sure.  I've received several unexpected comments about their interesting appearance. Mine have the read strap that highlights the Roman sandal concept.  They're Pumas so I didn't expect a lot of arch support but I expect these shoes would be suitable for flat-footed person.  The material is very light and cool so that's a plus.  My main point of dissatisfaction with them is the inadequate velcro on the straps that secure the fold over the top of the shoe.  I purchased these for my treadmill and they are adequate for that use with the addition of an insert.  I have twice worn them to 12 hour shifts at work and both times regretted it greatly at the end of the day.PROs:light weightinteresting appearanceunique fold over topCONs:inadequate velcro to secure the strapspoor accommodation of the arch
B005OMFAYK no more online shoe shopping I ordered these shoes came on time everything was good till I put them on kinda flimsy built and didn't take long till my feet were killing me, tore me up so bad I got a pair of 20.00 kmart sneakers and put them on in the store and put these in the box and there they shall stay not one of Pumas better ideas.
B005OMFAYK My new "go to" sneakers Love these shoes. They are unique without being overly flashy. They are crazy lightweight, the weight is like wearing flip flops and the mesh breathes really well so no sweaty "stank" feet. Wish the velcro pad was a little bigger to secure a little better but this is more a personal wish than a downfall with the product.
B005OMFEM8 Noticeably larger strides Love these shoes,look great, comfortable, durable,noticeably larger stridesafter using
B005ON39OC tired of shopping for shoes! I have fibromalgia. I wanted to find a althetic shoe that had support, but did not feel heavy to lift up. I had just joined the YMCA with my son in an effort to get a little more exercise to hopefully get more control over the pain. I have been so pleased with my purchase. They are exactly what I wanted. Support at the bottom, but lightweight, so there's no weight to carry. The shoes are roomy and kinda of conform around your foot after the first few times. They do feel "weird" initially when I first put them on. Never had a shoe quite like this one! But now, don't think I'll buy anything else and its only been 2weeks!!!!
B005ONTJPA Great active guy's accessory Durable,Accurate,Aesthetically pleasant...
B005OS38ZC Almost perfect! These fit true to size, at least in my size 9.  The backs are a little too high and stiff, otherwise they're perfect.  I needed something for doing TurboFire on carpet.  My Reebok "cross trainers" leave my feet hot and hurting like crazy.These are mostly mesh so there's not so much heat retention.  More importantly, walking in these is like walking on pillows.  They're very light and cushy!With that, I wouldn't buy these if you need extra stability.  They're stable but there really is VERY minimal leather here so the lateral structure is kinda not there.  I do Tapout, Tae Bo, and other kickboxing workouts barefoot so stability is not an issue for me.Also, they don't slip during lunges (on carpet).Back to TurboFire, I can get through Fire 60 with no foot pain and they're light enough that I can turn during the punches to the corners.  Very good buy for my needs.
B005OS7VPA Wonderful These sneakers are very comfortably  Their great when I workout  nothing weighting your feet down  I would highly recommend them
B005OS839I Puma never dissapoints This is a cute shoe!!  True to size and fun to wear, it is very feminine looking.  Puma never dissapoints.
B005OT0TRQ Had to break them in, but great since It took about a few days for my feet to wear these in (they were hurting my big toenail even though they were the right size) and now they are super comfortable. They are cheaper than other puma shoes by a long shot so I am surprised I like them so much. Definitely worth what I paid and more. THey are white, but haven't stained yet and I bought these a few months ago.
B005OT1UI8 Great purchase I bought these because I work in the hospital and I dont like the way larger sneakers look with scrubs. These were a comfortable, cute alternative. I love them & I get a lot of compliments on them. I bought small socks to go underneath so not sure if they would rub in certain places without them. I would definitely get them again and might explore if they come in different colors soon...
B005OT1UI8 Just what I was hoping for! I bought these to take on a trip after looking at dozens of sandals/sport shoes/etc. and was hoping they would fit and I wouldn't have to send them back.  Right out of the box they fit great, were very comfortable, and have the look I was hoping for (to go with skorts, jeans, etc.).  I have worn them for a few hours and they seem very slightly big, not a problem, but I was afraid as I wore them they might stretch a little and it could be more of a problem.  Time will tell on that score, but so far I really like them and the look is just what I wanted.  Thanks, Puma, for being the star after a long search!UPDATE:  Just returned from a trip to the Caribbean and these were worth every penny and more!  Somehow these shoes are form-fitting yet roomy - so comfortable, even after trips through airports (great for slipping off and on at security).  Had a slight blister on one heel after sight-seeing for a few hours but threw on a Band-Aid and all was well for the rest of the trip.  So great because they look good with jeans and skorts and I know I will be wearing them all summer long.
B005OT25G4 Poor Quality I purchased several Puma sneakers for myself, as gift for my mom and my toddler son. All of them I liked and kept except for this style.It seemed very thin and the plastic seemed of inferior quality. The mesh also is also made of a scratchy polyester type of material. The curved graphics on the side are made of rubber type of plastic that is heat transfered to the sneaker. I didn't like the shiny plastic look of it. The size 7 run very large as well. I wanted to return it back, but kept forgetting since I had stuck it in my closet. The timing expired to return so I had to keep it. I am giving this pair away.
B005OT25G4 Perfect fit! Just what I wanted, they are very comfy, breathe well, yet look sporty and stylish. Great for travel as they are slip ons
B005OT25G4 Light & Airy Comfortable wear, can wear with work outfits for a comfortable day at office or looks great with capris. Good for easy walks, biking, or just lounging around.
B005OT8608 Make these in Black/Silver!! This is the style I am looking for. But I would like them in Black/Silver. I have a pair that I bought a couple of years ago in Black/Silver and this is the closest to the style and oh so comfortable!!. Black/Silver goes with everything I wear them with!! Guess I may not be buying Puma this time around!!
B005OT9Q98 Not up to par I've been wearing Puma Speedkats for several years, and love them. Sadly they've discontinued that line, and Fast Cat seems to be the closest new style. Sad to say the quality is not there, nor is the fit or comfort.These run smaller than the SpeedKat, so be aware of that. Worse still are the laces that broke within a month of use, and the little suede tabs to secure one section of laces (instead of eyelets) have all broken off as well. I am not hard on my shoes, nor am I abnormally strong.....this is normal use.I won't buy them again, and I am sorry that PUMA felt this was an acceptable substitute.
B005OTA9R6 Decent.. I like the style, but the fit is kind of awkward. They are definitely not a good fit if you have wider feet. It took me a while to get use to the feel and walking in them, I felt like I had to balance myself! The color, to me (and several opinions), was way off. It's more of a mint green than a pool blue, IMO. Which kind of sucks, but it's okay. I love the style, they are cute shoes :)
B005OTA9R6 Like the Brand I bought these for my cousin's 8 year old daughter, who loved them.  I was the coolest cousin at the birthday party.
B005OTA9R6 Pumas are the best I don't like anything heavy on my feet.  These are perfect for walking and also for my daily exercising. Most athleticShoes heavy. I always sticker to Pumas.
B005OTA9R6 Good if you're not walking too much I wore these for a few weeks just to run quick errands and they were great. When I wore them to the zoo yesterday that was a big mistake. I ended up having to walk on the back of the shoes so that they wouldn't rub the skin on the back of my feet completely off. Once my feet heel I will still wear them from time to time but not for any prolonged periods of time.
B005OTA9R6 puma's My daughter came to visit and had on these Puma's. I loved them and wanted a pair. I checked where she got them and then decided to check Amazon. I found them to be less expensive on Amazon... They are the same shoes and same quality, only less expensive. I recieved them way sooner than expected and am very pleased with my new Puma's... I love shopping Amazon!!!
B005OTA9R6 Adorable athletics Absolutely adorable. Fit is very nice. Perfect for vegans as they are not made of leather but rubber rather. They do however squeak until you break them in. I use these shoes for work where I am on my feet all day.
B005OTA9R6 Puma women's Janien dance shoes rating - poor, fit awful, just really uncomfortable, hard to dance in or do tai chi class should have returned them but did not.
B005OTA9R6 Review of Puma Dance Shoe I'm a little disappointed with the stiffness of the leather, if that's what the upper part is made of. It's very thin and stiff. Otherwise I like the style and fit. I have used these shoes in 4 Zumba classes to date and they allow great lateral motion.
B005OTA9R6 Nice shoes - but color is deceiving. Picture shows darker grey but they are a light grey I like the shoes they fit well, but when I opened the box I was super surprised to see how light the grey was. The color depicted looks pretty dark, mine are a very light grey. Just FYI if you are ordering, expect them to be much lighter.
B005OTA9R6 Very cheap looking This is a pleather shoe and open wides at the calf, not good support for dancing. I had to send them back.
B005OTA9R6 Afordable price. If any body wants a quality puma's shoes for an excellent lower price get this ones, on top of that the quality and design are tremendous, go ahead and get yours.
B005OTA9R6 Just okay I bought these shoes for Zumba so they only really get worn a few times a week. I was a little disappointed when they first arrived. The leather is very stiff so I knew it would take a while to break them in. They are also rather narrow and don't have much of an arch. Plus the laces are kinda cheap, I'm always afraid to tighten them up too much because I'm scared the lace will break! On the plus side, they are very light - which is to be expected from a dance shoe. They are now starting to break in and get a little more comfortable, but I don't think I would recommend them or buy them again if needed.
B005OTA9R6 Looking for branded dance shoes Its comfortable, shipped on time and gift to my wife who is happy. Well done Amazon for assisting me for this shoe. Puma is always having special place in my wife's heart.
B005OTA9R6 Bummed The shoes arrived sooner than I expected but I was bummed to find they were too big and my heel slipped out. They also seemed to wide. I returned them.
B005OTA9R6 not what I expected I bought these for Zumba as I had been wearing my Nikes' Musica for over 3 years.  The little 'sweet spot' on the bottom has now worn down and I don't have as much traction, and too much slip and slide. These looked stylish, 'slender' and not clunky like the Nike's; but the fit doesn't feel as sturdy.  The arch is odd and does not give me security (I have high arches). No problem with narrowing and the size 9 is the right size (Nike I had to go up a size). An odd thing: the laces feel like ribbons, and not cotton laces we know to be on sneakers. They are less expensive than the Nikes, so maybe that is why I feel they are inferior.  Wish there was another Zumba sneaker, though. I will return them and get another pair of the clutsy Nikes! Sigh!
B005OTA9R6 Not for Zumba I specifically bought these to wear to Zumba and in my opinion they did not work.  There was no ankle support and so my ankle would roll.  I love how they look but not made for Zumba. Boo.
B005OTA9R6 Three Stars They are stiff so take a whole to break in.
B005OTA9R6 Cool looking! I am impressed with the style and quality of these dance shoes.  I am looking forward to wearing them, soon!
B005OTA9R6 Firm but still flexible I wear these shoes for kickboxing so that I can still pivot for roundhouse kicks.  They have a lot more support than the Adidas martial arts shoes I previously wore.  My only complaint (and it is small) is that the laces are not cotton so they become untied more easily.  But, laces are easy to replace.
B005OTA9R6 Loved It I just loved it. It was a perfect fit for me and the color combination is so very stylish and gorgeous
B005OTA9R6 My Grandma Brought These My Grandma Brought Her These Shoes And I Think She Likes Them She Wears It Everyday So I Would SHe Liked Them
B005OTA9R6 My daughterlove it My daughter shes was very excited and very happy for this's kind of shoes very comfortable for walk and made exercise
B005OTA9R6 Works Great for Me Very sharp looking shoe, like the black and blue.  Purchased for Zumba classes and they are light on my feet and I have no problem with being able to twist and turn.  I would recommend to others, just keep in mind that they are somewhat narrower than you might be used to, although it is not an issue for me.
B005OTA9R6 Lightweight I found what I needed which was lightweight support for Zumba. My only complaint is that I feel my feet slide out the sides of the leather. I can Samba now without feeling pain in my shins.
B005PHHI76 Very good and light I bought it for my wife and while their hands are small the relog looks amazing, I dloy 4 stars because the spec says ahuanta water pressure in my 50 manual says only holds relog wash hands and nothing more.
B005PVN754 Excellent Although I thought it was gray, and came in black, I put them on and loved.They are comfortable, elegant and stylish they are my new favorite shoes.  Great product.
B005PVNAT2 A Gift I bought these shoes as a gift and the person that received them loved... Not only was this a hard color to find but you can't go wrong with pumas....
B005PVNAT2 Great looking shoe, gets dirty easily It's a Clyde, fits like a Clyde, but with a unique look. Wish it was a bit more breathable, but overall it's not bad in that area. I like them a lot, but you definitely need to be careful and/or spray some stain guard on them.
B005PVNAT2 feel good, like the Cylde profile I like these. Take a little time to break in though. Love the Clyde look. Material is tough. Have the blue ones too.
B005R506IO Two Stars Se despegan rapido
B005R506IO glad i still where kids shoes cant beat the price cause im 34 and where a 5 in youth. this shoe is always what I wanted but the malls always overcharged it. so needles to say I bought on here. fast shipment and came with a free puma bag. awesome
B005R506IO Can be better for this price Actually, picture looks much better then original, I had buy Adidas speakers at the same price,made from real leather and with much better quality. So I am not happy with this one. Of course, my son will wear this ones, but I will not buy same again
B005R506IO Didn't get exactly what was offered When I purshased this product, in the specifications it said it was leather; nontheless, the shoe is made of rubber, textile and 'other materials'... leather is not mentioned.
B005R506IO sneacker My son is in love with the sneackers he said its comfortable i just find it should ve more colours in this brand in his size
B005R506IO Unsticking in the front after 2 days First time i ever had to deal with this problem ..... two days my daughter went out to school with it and came back home the second evenin and showed me the unsticking to the front. her school sneakers normally last her a full year of constant use. terrible!
B005R506IO Very soft and comfortable I like these as they are soft and my daughter says they're quite comfortable.  She also has a little room in which to grow.
B005R506IO color issue the color in the picture looks more yellow, but on the shoe itself its more orange... i guess it will work though.
B005R531DG Had to return it... It was OK but had to return it due to the size of the show being to big for my son. Also found a better deal in another store
B005S0C8HK Decent quality light jacket. This is a nice jacket for the price. Zipper works great, feels solid. Would buy another one if Amazon decides to re-stock it. I should have bought two when these were in stock. Please Amazon re-stock this jacket!
B005S0PF1G Puma Sneakers Excellent love the Velcro closure very stylish footwear.My grandson is  extremely happy with his new shoes his mother thinks that they are fantastic!
B005S0PF1G comfortable and ligthweight I have bought puma sneakers for my toddler kids for about 3 years and they are very nice, comfortable and modern shoes, runs true to size and ligthweight to wear them every day.
B005S0QEXE Not for rough or daily use They look exactly as the picture, fitted perfectly, but they are not for kids with a lot of energy, my son used them a few times and they already have one part of the sole peeled off.
B005S0QEXE Lightweight Sneakers I bought this for my 15 months old child. It is very lightweight and comfortable. One drawback is that it does not come with velcro.
B005S0QEXE very dissapointed The soles on both shoes started to unglue after the second time of them being worn. We were very dissatisfied & dissappointed my husband & I expected more from the puma brand
B005S0QEXE Vibrante Colors The laces though keep getting untied even when I double knot them. This shoe is for a toddler not to practical, for me having to keep bending over to tie her laces.  The laces seem to be made of nylon instead of cotton which doesn't hold the knot to well.  But other than, that (which I think it's a big deal), the shoes are super cute and the colors are awesome, Puma just has to fix the material used on those laces.
B005S0QEXE puma roma flower kids sneaker limstone gray/wild aster I purchased these shoes along with the yellow and white pair in a six , the yellow ones were fine but these looked like a seven or a 8.  They are huge and my daughter is only two.  I was very disappointed.
B005S0QEXE Wrong Size! As I found the sizing information confusing, before I orderer this shoes I talked to Heather from your Custome Service.  I asked her if she was a mum; she told me she was a mum.  And she has a 12 years old boy.  I though &#34;perfect! almost same age, will help&#34; and she did confirmed me that!She told me size 6 M BIG KID was perfect for her son.  So I bought this pair of shoes.  BUT what I got, was shoes for a TODDLER!What I got is not what I paid for!Roc&iacute;o04:41 PM(GMT) Rocio: Are you a mom???04:41 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Yes04:41 PM(GMT) Rocio: PERFEEEEEEEEEEEEEECT!!!04:42 PM(GMT) Rocio: help meeeeeeeeeeeee04:42 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): :) How can I help? Thanks for making me laugh...no problem.04:42 PM(GMT) Rocio: hope you are well too04:42 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): What do you need help with?04:42 PM(GMT) Rocio: SeeI'm buying a pair of shoes for a girlBUT i'm totally confused with your sizes04:43 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Oh no, I'm sorry that the sizing is confusing. I can see your cart. Which shoe is it?The toddler shoe or Womans?04:43 PM(GMT) Rocio: Saucony Cohesion 5 LTT Running Shoe (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Light Grey/Blue/Lime,6 W US Big Kid04:43 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Got it. Let me pull it up04:43 PM(GMT) Rocio: She is size 36, and that's a 6 for youI understand 6M is mediumBUT04:43 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Yes04:44 PM(GMT) Rocio: What is &#34;6 M US BIG KID&#34;?is that alrite for a 10 years old girl?04:45 PM(GMT) Rocio: is she a big kid according with your measurements?04:45 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Great question! I'm on the sizing information link now. I do believe that is what it means since toddlers have size 6 also, and it is just letting you know it is not for toddlers..but for the bigger kid. Let me double check. One moment please. Thanks, Rocio!04:46 PM(GMT) Rocio: sure04:49 PM(GMT) Heather(CSA): Thanks, Rocio. I felt I was correct, but I took it to a supervisor to be sure. Yes, there are toddler sizes, little kid sizes, and big kid sizes. I know with my 12 year old, big kid sizing for him stopped at size 7. So, if she is 10, the big size 6 is what you need for it to fit her.I hope that helps. I'm sorry for the confusion.
B005S0QEXE Perfect FitLove the ease of this sneakers...not heavy but lighton the feet of my grandson.  Comfortable too. Was skeptic when I was getting this for my grandson but I am satisfied. Love the ease of this sneakers...not heavy but light on the feet of my grandson.  Comfortable too.
B005S1F8TY great shoe I actually got these for my daughter to wear with her Houston Dynamo shirts and well really anything orange. So far so good. These does are really have a durable look and feel to them.
B005S4IGD6 feels like swimming trunks I thought they were swimming trunks at first without the netting inside, they are made from the same material. yea baby!
B005S6XRVK Puma Apparel Men's Shield Tee, Rosso Corsa, Medium I got this one in black....it fits as expected but you must research USA sizing to get CORRECT Fit.Also, I am getting a LOT OF COMPLIMENTS :-)
B005S6YHRS Puma design are quite elegant I like the shirt but the size runs quite smaller compared to Nike. But will definitely buy again a Ducati-Puma product.
B005S6YHRS Awesome Beautiful quality shirt and details are great. I love that it is long for my hubby in the length and sleeves. Highly recommended. Keep in mind to go a bit bigger in size. My hubby normally wears a med and I order a large to be safe and its perfect.
B005S6YYMG Hubby Loved It! I felt like all Ferrari driving men needed a Ferrari jacket, so this was a Christmas present. He LOVED it and said it was his favorite present! Go figure. It seems to be made well and with prime shipping got here in a jiffy! No complaints.
B005S6YZH0 Incredible Style, Incredible Fit A great item for any Duc fan; this jacket sports enough flair without being over-the-top.Fits true to size; the slight stiffness of the collar keeps it from drooping; buttoning the top isn't that comfortable and is probably more for style than function.  The fabric is good although I'm slightly worried about wear; I wish it was just a tad more substantial... cotton would have been preferred.Good for layering but it's long enough that it'll stick out the bottom of the jacket (especially in a tucked position).  Personally, I prefer to throw it in my backpack and wear it once once I arrive at the destination.  This quickly became my favorite track jacket.
B005SED9TC Puma  Performance Racerback Tank Love The Tank ! Great Price For Product. Recived Tank Within time given. Will buy Puma Apparel again from Merchant.
B005SEDHYY Cute, versatile This is great for yoga and weight lifting. The shelf bra inside is an appealing bright color (neon green? yellow? something in between...) and I love the bright coral-red body. There's a gray stripe down the back, which is also appealing. It's so easy to move in this thing, I almost never want to take it off.
B005SEDHYY Love it It is very breathable, very nice for workout. One little thing - I have DD (Small) and feel like build-in bra could been a little more supportive.I know, I know, I can use separate piece. But the thing is that I don't want to have to spend time wearing things, it;'s much easier to put on this and just enjoy in the gym.
B005SF8XBU Big The size runs large. It does not fit. The quality and the colors are spectacular. And not to mention the price! which in itself was a bargain.
B005SFAYVW Exactley what she wanted! I ordered this item for my girlfriend. She had looked at it for some time, and read reviews regarding the sizing. Luckily, she had me order a LARGE (which fits like a MEDIUM). Had we not read other reviews with helpful info., I'm sure I would have ordered a MEDIUM, and it would have fir like a SMALL.Just make sure to order 1 size larger. As far as shipping and packaging: Same great, fast shipping I've learned to expect from Amazon. Not thrilled with the garment package saying what it is on the outside. I don't like people being able to walk by and read what is in my package ('Amazon Garment' in large, black letters).As for the garment itself. It made very well. No loose threads, no problems with the zipper. She will get years of wear out of this.
B005SFW16S Puma Women's heroes T7 Track Pant Great pants, beautiful hyacinth color.  The lenght is perfect on me at 5' 3&#34; , but someone who is quite tall might find them a bit short. They have deep, well positioned pockets which is a must for me. You can't go wrong with Puma.
B005SFW16S They are ok Likes:MaterialColorsThat it has pocketsThat it has tiesDislikes:HeavyOn the thick sidewaistband is big/thickThey are probably better for lounging around in than exercising in.
B005SFW16S Nice looking pants. These pants fit well and look great.  The material is medium weight and doesn't seem to wrinkle at all.  I wash them in cold water and hang to dry.  They dry fast.  Maybe a little pricey but worth it.  They are great looking.  They are a little long for the size.
B005SFW16S They are OK. The material is thinner than I thought but it's all right. I just put on my white bike pants underneath.
B005SFWF6O Puma Apparel women's zip jacket Fair price, appreciate the quality very versatile and can be worn to gym and when your out and about. Recommended add to for when you want to dress down but remain fashionable.
B005U4EFHK Value for money got this as my Xmas present and am the envy of pals because it looks great and works.....recommended to anyone reading my comment
B005UDSCG6 excellent excellent1234567891023456789
B005VJLAMW Great color I bought these for my Pilates and barre classes. I teach several during the week and don't like walking around the studio barefoot when I am not teaching. I have wide feet and found these a bit snug. I think with more wear they may stretch. Color is awesome!
B005VQGYSK Cute for a slim child This hoodie is not very generous in the body, though the sleeves are a decent length. It does not have as much stretch to the fabric so is not as comfortable to put on. It is sparkly and of a decent quality and washes well.  I would not recommend this for a larger child, on my very slim daughter it fits ok.
B005Y0261C Metal Cleats The shoe is sturdy but most places won't allow metal cleats.  At first I thought they were a great deal for the price, but then I realized I couldn't wear them during any of my activities because of the metal.
B005YPU7PO Seriously?? Okay, first of all, to the reviewer who gave the two star review, are you $@&!ing serious? You tried to clean a premium suede leather collaborated designer shoe.... With soap and water!??? Of course the color bled, you don't clean ANY kind of suede leather with freaking water. Anyone who knows ANYTHiNG about suede knows that water is its mortal enemy. Come on dude, really.
B005YPU7PO It's Ok, but the color drips with water The texture and the presentacion is ok and very confortable, and stylish, but when, I washed it with soft soap, the color dripped, and stained the white part, later i tried clean the part white and is imposible... maybe somebody find another way to clean it.
B005ZFCUIA So happy I purchased these. I love these i wear them for work in healthcare. I am on my feet all day. I tend to have a wide foot and usually have to break shoes in beacause my pinky toe gets smashed and rubbed. I wore these all day the first day without one pinch and the 2nd day too. So happy I purchased these.
B005ZFCUIA Just okay I ordered the black and peach, they looked amazing on line but in person they were just okay. I decided to keep them since i&#34;m a shoe wearing kinda girl and don.t wear many sneakers so i thought ill keep them in the closet for those lazy days.....
B005ZFCUIA would order another very comfy right off the bat, everyone compliments me on them , they look like there wouldn't be much cushion but there's quit a bit , i wear a size 7 and they fit perfect.
B005ZFCUIA Orange not yellow Bought these mainly because I wanted a pair of yellow running shoes lol. When they arrived they I realized they are actually orange not yellow. I decided I didn't hate the orange so started wearing them. I live in Florida and everyone commented that they are Florida gators colors. I'm not into team sports so it was actually more annoying than anything. I had already worn them so I couldn't even exchange them. Other than that they aren't bad shoes. Seem to hold up very well. I'll probably order these again someday just in a different color.
B005ZFCUIA love the look I chose this rating because......they are stylish and go good with most clothingwhat I liked was........the color schemewhat i disliked was........the width was a bit smaller than other shoes like nikeI would recomend this product to..........anyone with small width feet
B005ZFCUIA AMAZING MY GOD  MY FEET FEEL SO GOOD. ITS LIKE A TRAIN OF GOODNESS FOR MY OVERLY FAT FEAT...MEOW! A A
B005ZFCUIA Beautiful! They are exactly  as pictured and fit very nicely. The color is awesome! Will be buying again in the future.
B005ZFCUIA Sweaty There is no room for your feet to breathe in these pumas.  I wear pumas quite regularly and was very disappointed that these were so tight and made my feet sweat after just a short period of time.
B005ZFCUIA sneakers it came on time and I'm walking with themevery morning .
B005ZFCUIA Their ok They fit fine but look big on me, so i feel like they make my feet look big. Compared to my body.
B005ZFCUIA Product Change I want to change this product PUMA Women's Cell Riaze Cross-Training Shoe, Virtual Pink / Blue Grass, 7.5 B. .. for another of equal price. these are the characteristics of the product by the PUMA Cell Riaze cross-training shoe Color: Zinnia / Brilliant Blue 7.5 B (M) U.S.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome sneakers! These are so bright and fun! They are comfortable and fit like a glove on my feet...or would that be a sock!? :) They have good traction for exercising or for Zumba dancing! :)
B005ZFCUIA This style runs short I took a chance on these shoes because they were offered at a great price.  Unfortunately I had to return them because they run short and were uncomfortable in the toe area.  The next size up usually does not work for me because it would make the instep and heel area too long.  I will have to go back to the basic Easy Spirit walker in leather, which has fit perfectly in the past.
B005ZFCUIA comfortable and perfect for exercising They fit perfectly and are comfortable for workouts and walking. I put them on the minute I got them and I was surprised on how well they fit. The only thing was the the yellow shown in the picture looked neon but the actual color is yellow.
B005ZFCUIA excellent fits great and no more foot pain while i run. i would defintely purchase again in the future. thank you.
B005ZFCUIA Achy Achy Achy I've been doing interval (job/walk) training for the past 3 months and decided t was time to replace my old Nikes, so I bought these in Black. They look nice and fit as expected, but my ankles, knees, and hips have never ached this much. I'm returning the shoes and going back to my old Nikes.
B005ZFCUIA Recommended! Great shoes, very cute. However, I work on wet floors grooming dogs and often almost fall on my face due to the traction. But good for outdoor use, nonetheless!!!
B005ZFCUIA Overall satisfied Comfortable and well fit. It's a bit bulky though. I am saving them for the winter time, so it won't be too hot to wear and train in them.
B005ZFCUIA I'll be buying more. These shoes are amazing, I was a little skeptical buying a different brand but putting them on it's like you're walking on clouds. Very happy!
B005ZFCUIA Comfortable and Durable Came on time and fit perfect! I work in health care and am on my feet a lot. These are comfortable with good support. I have been wearing them for a month straight and no sign of wear and tear yet. Colors also true to picture.
B005ZFCUIA Even better than expected This is a gorgeous shoe and super comfy! The colors are very pretty and I like the mesh for breathability.
B005ZFCUIA They were large for me and It hurt when I workeout I had to return them because when I started working out the out side of my feet started hurting horrible and couldn't keep with my workout. Also, they made my feet look very chubby.
B005ZFCUIA Love them!!!! I saw the Puma's on a track and field athlete in the summer olympics and had to have them.  It took a while to find the ones I wanted but when I did, they are everything I thought they would be.  They are very comfortable.  The color is a little darker than the picture, but that works out well with my uniform.  I walk a lot at my job, so these make the trips very easy to deal.  BUY these!!!!
B005ZFCUIA so far, so good the first time i ordered, i ordered half a number too small but that was my fault and not because the shoe did not fit as expected. exchange was incredibly easy, painless, and quick.i only wore the shoes for one (!) day so far though they felt great. i didn't notice them because they are light and fit well. i don't expect much change (i.e., for the worse). i bought them for the occasional run and other activities, so no serious wear, and i believe they will be perfect for that. they seem of great quality but again, i've only worn them for one day.the colors are a little stronger than in the picture but that makes them prettier. i'm not a fan of pink usually but i liked the combination with grey very much.i gave them 5 stars because i have nothing negative to say and am happy with the shoe, the look, quick delivery, and painless exchange.
B005ZFCUIA Black Puma Cell riaze -electric colors-WOW! Beautiful, I have been wanting black - and I would like a pair of black shoe laces to interchange with the hot pink. I am in the gym 2 hours each day - they are perfect for what I do and everyone stares at me...lol I want them in white with the electric blue cat, but you don't have my size . I need 81/2 and you have 9.  Cool Me......ReneY
B005ZFCUIA Color is great! At first I was not sure that I was going to like these. After wearing them a few times, I changed my mind. I had hoped they might have been a little less clunky looking, but I still like them. They are not for high impact workouts.
B005ZFCUIA Great training shoes. Bought these for my wife, she obviously selected the model. She loved them and were a perfect fit, she now uses them everyday at the gym.
B005ZFCUIA Very Comfortable!! these sneakers are great, they are very comfortable, light weight and give the needed support in the right places!
B005ZFCUIA comfortable This is the most comfortable sneakers I have ever own thus far, I usually have my baby toe or big toe rub when I wear sneakers but I did not get that in these.
B005ZFCUIA Okay shoe, more grey than white Shoe arrived on time in nice Puma packaging, but upon glance looked different than photo.  It is more dirty white/grey in color while I thought from photo prior to purchasing that it had grey mesh and white leather - is all variations of grey which make it look somewhat dirty.  Feel pretty comfortable and do run 1/2 size small so glad I ordered up.  But ultimately not attractive enough so going to return for New Balances.
B005ZICGUO Kinda flimsy This  shirt is not a tight cotton feel.....Kinda flimsy and does not glow in the dark as advertised.My child was disappointed. .about that. Oh well...what can ya do.
B005ZJPCIG Beautiful Puma Tee Bought this Puma shirt for my grandson (age 4) who is starting to play soccer. I bought it with a matching Puma short. The shirt is very attractive and fits him perfectly. He looked like a professional out on the soccer field. My grandson, despite only being 4, loves PUMA apparel and this outfit really made him happy.
B005ZKBFSQ Impressed When ordering clothing on the web, I'm always a little bit worried about what I'm actually going to receive. When I opened these up I was immediately relieved. Vivid color and just the size I had hoped for. I give only 4 stars as their are some slight faults in the material where over time I can see string will start to come out. My son is 3, so I chose 4T and it's exactly what I had hoped for. It fits him now without looking extremely big and super goofy, all the while actually allowing for a years worth of use. I also bought the shirt that matches (black shirt with green puma design) and I am highly satisfied!
B005ZKEYWU Very practical for young boys I bought this as a gift for a 5 year old who is just learning to button buttons on pants or use zippers.  It was stylish, comfortable fit and neutral color.
B005ZSPL5G Finally shorts with pockets shorts are very good. Nice designs and colors, size genrous , fits well. most important finally it has pockets. I think they should mention it in description,as i had to look thorough every single pair of shorts enlarge picture trying to figure it out which one has pockets. If you by for general wear it doesnt matter but if kids play golf or tennis they shoud be able to carry a ball with them 5stars shorts..
B005ZT6ODS perfect fit for 10yr old girl this was a gift for a 10yr old girl. she loved it and it ended uo being a perfect gift.
B005ZT6ODS Run small I got the XL for a tall but very slender 12 year old. They are way too tight.  Very disappointed.
B005ZT6ODS PUMA Girls Core Yoga Pant I have discovered Puma to be of valuable quality and well worth every penny! The Puma Core Yoga pant is the most comfortable and best fit of any "other" style/brand I have worn.  I was confident in my order and WILL re-buy again.  Best for value hands down!!
B005ZT6ODS For my daughter I bought the large for my 9 1/2 yo.  She is not overweight but she's a big kid she generally wears a 14 in gap kids pants.  These are exactly as expected.
B005ZT6RZ8 Comfy for baby Comfy for baby- good quality , nice color. Would purchase another one. Hopefully they will make different colored ones than your standard pink/purple.
B005ZT6RZ8 defective merchandise I bought these adorable sweatpants for my grandaughter, and when they arrived the pants were two different lengths.  Definitely from a defective batch of merchandise.  I do not understand why they would ship something that looks like this.  I did not return it because I was traveling to Mexico to see my grandaughter and did not have time, but was very disapointed in this order.  I order very frequently from Amazon, and this is the only thing that has ever happened like this.  If it were possible I would give no stars and strongly recommend not buying from this seller.
B005ZT6RZ8 Adorable My daughter looks adorable in this set. Held up/washed well. Fits true to size. Excellent price. Overall happy with purchase and will probably buy the next size when she grows out of this one in a different color!
B005ZT8WQK Nice and Comfortable pants I bought these for our 4 year daughter who is average height for her age.  They are little long but they do not touch the ground when wearing shoes.  They are out together well. The waistband was a little big but they are easy to fold over.
B005ZUKNFM nice but not trendy this dress is well made and is just as we expected it to be, but--granddaughter is 10 years old and she will probably never wear it.  It is just too juvenile for any girl over the age of 7.
B0060GNXB6 pleased with quality i was very pleased with this item, the fit was perfect, quality was of the best, it laundered well, the pink piping around neck didn't run onto lighter fabric and most of all it was on sale on amazon.com. i would have paid quite a lot for it in store, i believe.  i cannot think of any flaw in this product. pattern on shirt remained the same after washing, there was absolutely no change in the item other than how a shirt looks when it is washed.
B0060JOTT8 I liked it but my wife thought it was too bulky I bought this as a gift for my wife and she thought it was a little too bulky for her wrist, but if you compare it to a sunto or a garmin it about the same size.
B0060QTL12 5 years and counting so I've had these boots for years&#8230;probably 3-4 times a month 8-10 hr days.They don't feel like they are that high of quality, yet they last and last.snow, ice, rain, they shed it all. Ive had these boots thru the worst conditions and they continue to impress me.I
B0061NY7QI Awesome looks, but caused blisters. Ouch! I love the look of these water shoes, but they tore up the backs of my heels the first time out, making my canoe trip miserable. The size was perfect, just too stiff at the heel.
B0061NY7QI Just OK The shoe looks great and feels great when dry, the inner sole is made from foam-like absorbent material which does not dry quickly, also small stones can become embedded into the inner sole and may never come out. If the inner sole was made from all plastice/rubber i would have given the shoe 5 stars.
B0061NY7QI Puma Men's Mar Mostro I recommend this sneakers, fits nicely around the feet, excellent grip, light weight, cool design, and I really like the color. I know it is a water shoe, but I have no problem to have them on during my dance classes, it gives me a bare feet feeling.
B0061NY7QI laces loose ends . . . would have preferred a closed loop to cinch otherwise nice beach shoes. one two three
B0061NY7QI Great shoe very troublesome shipping out of usa I live in M&eacute;xico And see it turned out to costly freigthwise And delivery way to long the shoe is superb i intend to get another pa&iacute;r If possible deliver all the way through other wise it is a matter of thinking before troce
B0062FNVDA Puma dance shoes - cheerleader style Bought these to dance in - Salsa, cha, two step, but they are not made for that.  Too hard, don't slide.  But I do love them for just wearing around and riding my horses in.
B0064G843Y my sons love these briefs Both of my sons play sports (soccer, basketball and indoor gymnastic classes) - they love these briefs and they are so hard to find in the US.... thank you!
B0064IPTA8 perfect Fits like expected and looks great! it feels like if you were walking on pillows, use mostly for casual road biking and long walks in the heels.
B0064IPTA8 reallyu good trainers To be honest I have  never  really was a fan of puma, until I got this trainers. They are extremely comfortable, light and have a good grip. I use them for walking as well as working out. They are also reasonably priced. You cant go wrong with these trainers and I would recommend these trainers to anybody.
B0064IQKXS Looks just like what I bought I ordered this because I thought it was good for over pronatar. I eventually return it because I just can't stand the design. Sorry Puma. I tried.
B0064V6UL2 good stuff Puma is a trusted brand name and has never failed it's reputation.These were for my family who use these on a regular basis.
B0064V6UL2 Best Quarter Crews I've Ever Purchased These Puma quarter crew socks are simply great.  They are amazingly well built and are so comfortable it's almost like I forget they're on sometimes.  I plan to see if they come in other colors so I can purchase more.  Great product Puma.
B0064V6UL2 Not what I ordered Though I like what was sent, I did not receive what was described In the product information. At that point it wasnt worth the hassle of sending them back.
B0064V6UL2 Great Product Don't be fooled by "cartoon" picture... the product is well made and very comfortable. Will be happy to buy some more in the future!
B0064V6WD8 Nothing like the picture.. These are just regular puma socks 2 white's and a grey pair? These are not anything remotley close to what is pictured.  Hopefylly the return goes smoothly.Product page needs to be changed asap!
B0064V6WD8 In the pursuit of the perfect sock... Puma I would clasify this sock as a little too thin to be a solo sock and a little too thich to be an under sock.  It's not bad, honestly, but I wear a size 13 and it's VERY low cut - so you're going to get a little chafe-age with a standard low top running shoe.  I bought basically every athletic sock out there - and I'd rank this one right in the middle of the pack.
B0066AJR1Q I like it Very comfortable, is so light that you don't feel you are wearing it. Unique colors! I only wish the sphere would be a little bigger,so I recommend you to buy the unisex model instead the women model.
B0066AJR1Q Great underwater I wear this in the sea everyday.  Works just fine. Minus one str for glass not being scratch proof.  Light blue is turning brown from dirt and sweat.
B0066AJR1Q fades out the blue color that looks so beautiful will get super dirty and you will not be able to clean it with anything. i threw away after only 1 month. I ordered a black one.
B0066ALBZ6 so cool! I got it on day scheduled and it is reallyvery nice and beautiful, thanks for all efforts.my little one loved it
B0066ALBZ6 Comfortable The face is a bit bigger than expected, but it's very easy to read and quite comfortable. As mentioned in another review, there is no option to silence the beeping every time a button is pressed, unfortunately. So far, it's easy to clean, water resistant and the alarm works great.
B0066BAW96 Button broke. Unfortunately one of the top buttons broke off run first day I had it.  I didn't surprise me, those buttons sit high and were getting bumped during normal use.
B0068OOI0A Fantastic! I ordered this shirt for my brother, who is Puma fan, for Christmas and the product shipped fast and was exactly what I was looking for! My brother ended up loving it!
B00691NJ5M OMG! I love everything about this cross body handbag.  I wear it almost everyday. In fact I plan on buying the brown one.
B0069IFCSC Fits great! I really like this jacket. It's very light weight and extremely comfortable. I would highly recommend this jacket to anyone.
B0069IFCSC nice material I love the soft material. It doesn't feel or sound like a wind breaker, which I like. I like the pockets. I'm a personal trainer and I bought it to wear after a workout to keep warm when the ac is on. The 4 star rating is because is zipper is very fine toothed and catches the material if you're not careful. The other downfall to me is the stand up collar. I'm just not a huge fan of that element. As other reviewers have mentioned it might run a bit small, especially if you have more than a C cup.
B0069KDD04 Very pleased with this jacket for $19 ~ Two quick notes:  It is MSRP $65 but Amazon.com had a small listed for $19 and change with Prime shipping.  Nice.  Also, the zipper opens on the right, not the left.  I don't know if that is an error, or some crazy European thing (Puma being German), but you get used to it.  And it is not a woman's jacket.  I have a small and if it were a women's small it wouldn't fit.  The sleeves are the correct length for men's small.  And no curve in the waist.  And the length is proper.It's the same material and liner as my North Face jacket, just a lot thinner and without a hood.  It makes a great warmup jacket or a great running/jogging jacket.  It is water resistant, and pretty good at that.  No hood, but alas, in Oregon one gets used to rain on exposed head/face while running.  Mainly I use it as a cold weather warmup or running jacket.  Great for mid 50s temps for warm up or 45-55 for running.  It's thin enough that it keeps wind off the arms and warms the chest without getting too hot once you're warmed up.Reflective strips.  Two pockets on the front.  Also makes a convenient going around town jacket in cool weather.  I use it on casual days when it's not cold enough for the North Face or Lululemon jackets.  And being an Oregonian, one can't have too many jackets!
B0069KDD04 MSRP is $60 (not $65 as stated on the product page) I usually use the MSRP list price to guage the expected quality of the item. This item is okay, and has a retail price of $60.I purchased it for $43 for the color/size option selected and it's an okay deal.Tiny reflective strips on the back. Billowy fit. Seems breathable.Not a great deal so I will be sending it back.
B0069KDD04 just bad, really bad terrible zipper. cheap and small and wont last long, i imagine.this jacket reminds me of that seinfeld episode where james spader gives george the cheap met life ballpark giveaway windbreaker. thats what this thing is like, a cheap ballpark giveaway.
B0069RLG4W Rad! Support is great!Very lightweight.The treads are like little claws digging into the ground, propelling you forward! It's awesome!
B0069RLG4W Suppa I adore this shoes! So comfortable and stylish!! Easy to put on, put off. An exact size. Recommend for fitness!
B006AJXW0A Perfect fit, and good quality - but people might think you are a Detroit Lions fan PUMA Tennis Polo shirtI normally wear a size Medium polo shirt, and the PUMA shirt fits perfectly at the arms, shoulder, and neck. It has extra room in the abdominal/waist area.The material is 70% cotton, 30% polyester so it feels a bit more comfortable against the skin although it won't wick away sweat as effectively as a 100% polyester weave or a poly/cotton mix that has more polyester. The colors aren't anything to write home about, although I bought the black polo with light blue accents and the thermal PUMA logo. Several co-workers asked if it was a Detroit Lions polo shirt and I explained it was PUMA in a futile attempt. I ended up just nodding to go along with the idea it was a Detroit Lions polo shirt.The styling/design is good, although I am not always a fan of PUMA's color schemes. This shirt could use more polyester than cotton, since it is a Tennis polo shirt. I am also not a fan of thermal logos because they tend to peel off after awhile. Embroidered logos would last longer.Overall: 4/5 stars, great fit, good quality and design, but a few people actually thought it was a Detroit Lions polo shirt.
B006C1FLNW I loved it when I saw it I loved it when I saw it, came in good condition but the strap is too short for my arm so I gave it 4 stars
B006DN4H16 Just What He Wanted! This purchase was for my 18 year old son.  He did his research of the types of track shoes he was looking for and these met his expectations.  He especially likes the durability of the spikes.  Very pleased with this purchase.
B006GCOMA0 dream band been looking for an affordable watch for quite sometime to match may casual orange bag and shirt .... and this is the answer. i love the style, the make. thanks to the selller, it just arrived on time. yes, this is great to wear everyday.
B006GCON3Q Questionable quality Looks great, but pin that's used to set time fell out.  I was able to put it back in,  Not sure how secure it will be or if it will fall out again & get lost.
B006H1NNPU Runs small, feels stiff These looks good, but there were too small and stiff for my son, who prefers shoes with a lot of flexibility.
B006IWD6HS Perfect fit, perfect fun Bought for soccer, my daughter has enjoyed wearing these boots. She mainly plays on turf but has had the odd festival on some very muddy grounds. Wash and dry well. Perfect for the season.
B006IWD6HS perfect!!! Product came brand new, came sooner then expected and my son loved them. How ever they were a bit big but he will be able to wear them next year as well if they arent too beat up. Love the quality and price.
B006IX5NMS Too bad amazon don't sell it anymore I bought this for my son because I liked that it is all leather and flexible. He grew a bit and I wanted to order another one but alas, amazon does not sell this anymore.It's a good soccer shoe
B006IYT7ZG Fits well and very durable They fit well, true to size and I cannot get my son to take them off now. Will order more as he grows out of them.
B006IYT7ZG Lower quality than expected The material was very stiff and thw width seemed a bit wide. Quality was not what I was looking for. Stylish, but going back.
B006IYTB1Q True fit, comfortable out of the box, excellent grip and ball control Purchased for indoor soccer for my daughter.  The shoes are soft, light and flexible as slippers, but well reinforced at the toe with off-set laces for good ball control.  The soles do not mark and have an excellent 'herring bone' non-slip grip.  Since the shoes are so flexible and the sole is soft I am confident that they will not slip on the smooth indoor surfaces - this is very important as kids get those nasty grazes/burns when they fall indoors, far worse than falling on grass.My daughter tells me that they are very comfortable, and the fit seems true to size by feeling around the foot.I am very happy with these shoes, but have not given five stars as I am not certain of their durability.  My daughter will almost certainly out grow them before they wear out, as will yours, but I anticipate that she will use them to kick off summer soccer and training outdoors when the ground is still rock hard.They would be great for outdoor synthetic surfaces as well as indoor, but they may wear quickly.  We'll see how they do...
B006J7WSEY Very nice cleat I got The Puma Cleats for my son for soccer and baseball, he wears them 5 out of 7 days a week. The cleats have held up really well and he is still going to be able to use them this fall for fall baseball and soccer!!!
B006J7WSEY Too large refers to the price I ordered this item with the 1 day shipment option, since I needed them for a specific date.I was charged for the 1 day shipment. The item did not ship till three days later, and arrived several days afterwards, missing the time for which it was needed. I was still charged for the pricey 1 day shipment. Needless to say, I will return these and will be careful ordering items here in the future.
B006J7WSEY Average shoe that met expectations. The shoes fit well and have held up during the season.  The laces are very slick and I replaced them so they wouldn't keep coming untied.  I would buy these again.
B006J7WSEY Ouch I'm giving these cleats 2 stars instead of 1 just because they're cute colors and the price is decent compared to comparable cleats. Other than that, thumbs down.  My 9 year old daughter plays LOTS of soccer and she'd been wearing the basic $19.99 Adidas cleats that were so worn they had holes in the toes.  But she loved them. I thought it was time to upgrade, so I got her these.  She wore them for a short training one night to try to break them in. Then she had competitive tryouts for a few hours and she got blisters on her heels like you wouldn't believe.  They were the size of quarters and incredibly painful. We live in FL, she said the bottoms were so thin her toes were burning from the heat of the grass. My daughter is really tough and rarely complains so I knew it was bad when she couldn't go to the 2nd day of tryouts. This was with attempting to wear her old cleats, because the blisters were so bad even with the blister protection items (gel spray, heavy band aids, and anti friction cream) I put on to try to help. Now she won't wear them at all. The problem for her is the angle of the heel, it slants instead of going straight down, which is where they rubbed her. We're back to the basic cheapies and luckily she doesn't care that some of her teammates wear $150 fancy cleats. When her feet seem to stop growing we're going to invest in some Adidas Copa Mundials...
B006J7WSEY puma cleats for kids My daughter says its a very comfortable fit. The cleats were shipped promptly and arrived way before promised.we are happy
B006J7WSEY Nice cleats, worked well. Our son used these for camp. We are not super-athletic, so cannot really compare them to anything, but they worked nicely and are well-priced.
B006J7WSEY exactly what I needed This cleats are exactly what I was looking for.  They fit perfectly on my son. He is very happy with this cleats. Plus the color stands out among the others.
B006J7WSEY Toddlers don't need these I regret buying these shoes for my 5 year old soccer games.  They don't need the grip at that age -Shoe is somewhat difficult to put on.  I have to do it for him.
B006J7WSEY lower price How do you know the select options for the lower price? I clicked on every size and none where $6.99
B006J7WSEY Fit perfect I wanted to purchase a higher priced shoe but the sizing was not small enough, so I took a chance on this one. At such a good price, I was afraid the workmanship would be poor. As it turns out, the fit was perfect and so far, we've been pleased with the workmanship.
B006J7WSEY Ok.... Cheap quality...was expecting more.  Felt very cheap.  I would not buy these for my son again.  Hopefully they will last through soccer season.
B006JCTRDO Cool child's sneakers We love Puma sneakers for our children.  These are no exception.  They clean up well, are comfy, and a nice balance between cool but still child-appropriate.
B006JCUBK2 Good purchase! I love this booties, it fit well, and my toddler runs and play safely. It is comfortable and I can put on her fast.
B006JCUBK2 Perfect!! Exactly what i wanted for my little girl....a pair of boots that were stylish and fit well, and they are alot like sneakers so its easier to move in them i'm sure....great boots!
B006JCUBK2 Cute These shoe /boots are darling. I needed something Ugg like, but uggs are not allowed in our house (anti-hippy husband) Anyhoo. They appear to pinch at the toe a bit, though my 4yo is special needs and has a toe walking gate. They are difficult to get on at first (but somehow easy peasy to get off!) I generally don't  spend a ton on shoes because they grow out of them so quickly, but needed winter shoes for recess at school. All around they are good.
B006JTMEI2 Great snickers I always end up buying Puma shoes for my kids, the quality is excellent. They are comfortable, lightweight, stylish and pretty resilient.
B006JTMEI2 Even cuter than the pic! This looked absolutely adorable and my girl loved it! The colors were nice and bright just like a girl loves em!
B006K26TBG MY OPINION ON THESE BOOTS I LOVED THE BOOTS,BUT THEY WERE TOO SMALL & YOU DIDN'T HAVE A BIGGER SIZE!!!! SEARCHED ALL OVER THE WEB FOR THE THEM FROM OTHER SITES. I WAS UNABLE TO LOCATE THEM. I COULDN'T EVEN FIND THEM ON THE PUMA WEBSITE. IF I EVER FIND THEM IN THE FUTURE I WILL REPURCHASE THEM AGAIN.  THANKS!!!!
B006L269QU Comfortable turf shoes for women Fit great, slightly wider than cleats therefore not so tight. These work well for indoor soccer as turf shoes so you don't plant your cleats risking injury.
B006L269QU Not purple The color in the picture looks more purple than blue.  When i opened the box the shoes were a bright blue color.  I kept them anyway and have received so many comments on how cool they are.
B006L2WF2M Great pair of indoors I'm a girl and I play indoor soccer but the women's selection for indoor shoes is very limited so I ordered a 4.5 in men's, I normally wear a 6 in women's. They fit almost perfectly, just slightly big, probably because its a men's, but with thicker socks they are just fine. I also do weight lifting and they are good for that because they are flat footed. I love pumas!
B006L2WF2M You get what you pay for I bought these shoes to play one season of fustal. They've done the job thus far, but I probably won't wear them for much else. They're a bit flimsy, but overall they've done well.
B006L2WF2M This was the most comfortable shoe, had the best touch, and the best cushioning. I practice hard every day and play on a competitive club team in winter and in summer, so I burn through shoes quickly. These shoes were by far the most durable, most comfortable, best cushioned and had the best touch out of every brand I have ever owned.  I like also that they have no seems helping to illuminating calluses. One of the best things is that under the insole they have a dense foam cushion all the way through the forefoot. This makes them better at cushioning your joints and muscles on wood and concrete, preventing shin splints and sore knees. I don't play a lot of futsol, when in the USA, but I use a futsol ball for training and they are super nice for touch with this ball as well. I kept all of my indoor shoes from Nike, Adidas, and Puma and assessed which were the best and by far this Puma style was better thought out and has better craftsmanship then any other I've owned. I am going to purchase another pair now, a year later, so I thought I better write a review.
B006MRMCGA ADORABLE My little man looks so adorable in this outfit from PUMA. The outfit is true to size, and looks exactly as pictured.
B006O6CVYC The best Its the best duffel bag,!!! I have the entire collection of puma ferrari bags, and this its the best! Ferrari!. ... Byo
B006O6CXMC Classy! What can I say about this beautiful handbag except that it lives up to it's name.I liked it so much that I bought a black one too.I have many, many handbags but I keep going back to this one because it opens wide and holds a lot too. It's a great addition to any outfit and always classy!
B006OEGJO2 Great Looking! These shoes are really sharp and appear to be well made. I have yet to have an opportunity to play in them but I will post a follow-up once I have.
B006OEGJO2 Very Comfy Shoe I love the Puma golf products and this is no different. Its extremely comfortable and even though its white, the dirt wipes off very easy. Wore these for the first time the other day and had no blisters or pain after wearing. I definitely recommend this.
B006OEGJO2 Comfortable Very comfortable. You wont be disapointed. They were perfect right out of the box didnt have to break them in. I always buy puma golf shoes and wont buy anything elsr.
B006OEGJO2 Wow Wow Wow! Love these.  Not only a great fit and stylish, but so functional.  These shoes rock!!!!  Keep you feet firmly planted and wow the crowds!
B006OEGJO2 my first perchasing puma's it looks exellant and fit my footi hope good score in the field with this lovely shoesif have a chance, recommend to friends
B006OEY2NC Spring Golf My boyfriend can't wait to try these out.  They fit perfectly and look slick!  I am sure they will make a better golfer of him! ;)
B006OEY2NC A+ Great fitting shoes very comfortable and they do not mark up the greens at all and provide just as much traction as soft spikes.
B006OEY2NC Comfort, Style From 1 Tee To 18 Green I bought these cool Pumas after a bad experience with thestiff-as-a-board Ashworth Cardiffs.  Wore these for thefirst time yesterday and had no issues the entire round.No blisters, no rubbing, and no break-in required.  Very happywith these stylish Pumas.  One tip:  I wear a 10 but the 10.5fit me better, so order a bit larger size.  Great shoe.
B006OEY2NC a welcome relief for sore feet By far and away the most comfortable shoe that I own ON or OFF the course.A great investment for sore feet.  I have a wide foot with a high arch.Plenty of room in the toe box area with out sliding around.  I had room to addmy own inserts.
B006OEY2NC Comfy but squeeky These were very comfortable right out of the box, especially for the price.  They also look great.I've only played 36 holes in them but they still make a squeaky sound at times while walking which is annoying.
B006OEY2NC Awesome golf shoe! These are super light and very comfortable from day one. Good traction on the course too. No slipping. Put them on at home and wear them to the course. All around awesome.
B006OEY2NC Excellent comfort and support First day,straight out of the box, I played (walked) 36 holes and the next day 18 holes and no barking dogs! Fit, comfort and performance were excellent. Light weight and flexible. No pinch-points or stiffness, unlike my FJ's, costing twice as much. Might not grip so well in winter or wet weather but under dry conditions, these shoes are great.
B006OEY2NC Great golf shoes! Stylish, do their job, keep your feet warm.  Only knock might be a little too warm on a really hot day, but I really like these shows, excellent grip but comfortable enough and allow just the rightt amount of movement.
B006OEY2NC had them for only three rounds These shoes are light, comfortable, easy to clean and we'll see if they hold up over time.  So far they are as advertized.
B006OEY2NC Its beautiful I like it and its very useful on the field. It is so comfortable and pretty. My friends also like it!
B006OEY2NC Above Par! I wore my new Puma's today for the first time on the course.  They actually fit like a glove, no issues what so ever.  I found them very comfortable, easy for walking not only on the course but two and from the car in the parking lot.  After the round there was virtually no grass on the bottoms.  I had read a review that suggested going up a half size and I did as suggested ... a perfect fit. I would not hesitate to recommend these fabulous golf shoes to a friend.
B006OEY2NC Fantastic for the price!!! I wore Footjoy Greenjoys before. These Pumas are fantastic, fit & comfort. I don't know if it was just luck, but I dropped 15 shot the first time I wore the Puma Faas shoes. I fealt great grip and really conected...
B006OEY2NC Sharp-looking! Really like these shoes!  They are so sharp-looking that my teenage son asked if he could have them.  Happy with purchase.
B006OEY2NC excelente producto rather this model, I hope to remain buyer of this marca.excelente product variadad colors, comfortable for walking and running, I liked
B006OEY2NC Prefect fit but slippery The shoes fits perfectly. And it looks amazing and comfortable. The only problem is the sole that are a bit slippery. First time wearing it and almost fell down on bathroom after golf.
B006OEY2NC Good so far I have worn the shoes several times and they have been great. I have walked 18 holes without any discomfort and most important, my feet are always dry.
B006OEY2NC Comfortable This shoe fits really well and is very comfortable. I wore them around the house for a few hours after receiving them and my feet didn't hurt.  The rubber teeth underneath are very grippy as well considering I almost tripped going up my carpeted stairs.  Haven't tried them on the course yet but if they do well on carpet i'm sure they'll be fine on the course.
B006OEY2NC Super light and very comfortable Lite spikes give decent grip, but if the grass is a bit wet your back foot may slip if you have decent clubhead speed (say driver).  Walked in 103* and didn't notice my feet all day!
B006OEY2NC too small must be sized wrong They must be sized wrong. Too tight and short. How do I return them for refund. Do not want to try another size
B006OEY2NC Very Comfortable - Would Recommend This is my first golf shoe and I'm really happy with it after two rounds of 18. There was no break-in period, comfortable out of the box! It fit true to size for me and grips well. I've not played in extremely wet situations yet so I don't know how well it will keep my feet dry in dew or rain and can't comment on traction in damp situations, but I've been really happy with the purchase.
B006OEY2NC GREAT GOLF SHOE, but The PUMAs fit fine and really anchor me.  However, the insides of the heels are mesh, and they tore up the backs of my heels by the fourth hole on my first time out with them.
B006OEY2NC beautiful the shoes are beautifully designed and the size was just as I expected. I can't wait to go out with these!
B006OEY2NC Look sharp. Size 46 (European) works for me.  Good grip on tee box and fairways.  No more comfortable on my arthritic knees than soft spikes.
B006OEY2NC FANTASTIC!!! Best shoes ever. Very comfortable and well made. Perfect grip and never slip. Seven more words require and then three more.
B006OEY2NC Excellent Shoe It's tough to find comfortable wider shoes for anything let alone golfing.  Had them for a week now and have been out the range a few times.  Seem very comfortable.  The true test will come when I walk 18 holes.  So far, excellent!
B006OEY2NC I love these shoes!! I was unsure about switching to a spikeless shoe. I was concerned about my left foot not having enough grip and turning during follow through. First time out in these, it was raining and fairly slick, and I had no problems with grip. Super light and comfortable. Made for a great round!
B006OEY2NC Good buy Cheapest I could find these shoes ion the world so I bought two pairs!Very happy with everything from the site.
B006OEY2NC Great shoe Fits great and after a full season of wear the soles are holding up well.  I figure I can get 2 season of walking out of these before the soles/spike wear too much.
B006OEY2NC So Far.....So Good I have just worn the shoes twice and am still getting used to them.  They seem to grip the ground well with the possible exception that on wet grass they seem to slip a bit but wearing them is basically without problems
B006OEY4DK Comfortable right out of the box Comfortable right out of the box.  Light and yet very stable shoe. Cleans up great and has 2-year waterproof guarantee.
B006OFK01E These are like marshmallows These are so comfortable. It's like wearing a marshmallow on your fit, I couldn't be happier with the comfort level of these shoes.
B006OG0FA4 Didn't care for style I felt like the style of these shoes made my feet look 2 sizes bigger.  Probably due to the black color.
B006OG0FA4 Fast and good looking Fit a little smaller than regular shoe sizing but knew this from previous Adidas purchases. Got here fast, sooner than expected.
B006OG0FA4 Should have sent these back The shoes are nice looking however they are not comfortable at all.  I played 18 in a cart and my feet were hurting after 7, by 18 I couldn't wait to take them off!  My feet hurt on the top of the toes and you could feel the cleats on the bottom.
B006OG0FA4 Love these PUMA'S!!! I couldn't believe how comfortable they were when I put them on. I thought I was walking on soft sand. They are excellent on or off the golf course. I highly recommend them. Amazon offered them at a great discounted price and as always, shipped quickly and securely.
B006OZWNMI Love this sweatshirt This one is comfortable and cute to wear with sweats when I'm doing stuff around the house but don't want to look like a mess. It is comfortable yet looks great on with sweats.
B006OZWO1I The pockets make it big and bulky If you are not very very thin, the pockets on the side will make you look even larger. Also, the hem on the bottom does not stay smooth and does not look good.
B006P92UKS Broke I got this watch and aesthetically I liked it a lot. Wearing it not so much, it is so bulky that if you wear it loose then it moves around it's uncomfortable, but if it's tight then it makes you sweat. I thought maybe with a little wear it would stop being so stiff, but after wearing it about 3 times, a pin came out and it fell apart. I lost the pin and am just too apathetic to deal with returns.  I won't be buying anymore Puma products, this and another purchase I made were of very disappointing quality.
B006PADOI4 Amazing puma jacket I have purchased the jacket a few weeks ago.The shipping service was good, the quality of the item is amazing.In real life the jacket looks much better than in the picture guys.Puma is doing a great job !!I would give them a 10/10 for product design and quality and 10/10 for the shipping servicewhich usually takes longer than it should for me.Thank You
B006PF0HKC Fantastic! :) I bought this one for my 6 month old girl since she's always been a little bigger for her age and it fits great (so moms of older kids might want to get a size bigger for their little ones) , it's very pretty well made, it even has some silver details on the printed logo.. she looks like a little big one with this :)
B006PF0KXG Fantastic It is so lovely . My little girl looked great in it. The fit was perfect as well as the colouring.
B006PF0MZC I like it I like it especially for a little girl! Love the puma stuff, also a very good Christmas present for a little one :)
B006PF0S60 So Cute!! I was looking for some running clothes for my nieces and I looked and looked and when I found this I thought it was adorable!! I just got them in yesterday and I tried it on them and they loved them!! They are so ready to go for a run at the park with their aunt!!
B006PH7YN8 Great lightning deal. I purchased this hoodie on lightning deal for my fianc&eacute;, it was $26 if I remember correctly, and for that price it's a really good deal. It's lightweight, perfect for brisk early fall mornings, or for exercisizing but I wouldn't count on it to keep you warm when it's &lt;50 degrees.It's been washed a couple times and has held up fine.
B006QNQSV0 Slippery Sole Wearing these after a very light rain I slipped on a flat sidewalk and fell.  Another reviewer mentioned this, wish I'd given more thought to her comment.  They're cute but dangerous.
B006QNQSV0 Super sleek Easy comfort, good for casual days. The color is perfect to dress up some jeans and fit is just right, only needed a few days to break in.
B006QNQSV0 Uber cute but sizing off I love the Puma Zandy, and I own 2 pairs. Unfortunately sizing is very inconsistent in this shoe. Even between the two pairs that I own, one is a little snug and the other fits just right.I tried these in the purple in the size I already own. They are at least 1/2 size too big.Such a pity that the same Brand, same model is not the same in different colors and textures.
B006QNQSV0 Really cute... ...but terrible blisters almost immediately.  This may be a size issue, although I'm usually an 8 no matter what, but I had hoped for a ballet flat with the comfort of a sneaker.  To be fair, it doesn't take much for me to get a blister, but I don't know that I'll be able to endure the time it may take to break them in.  Bummer.
B006QNQUH2 Most comfortable shoes everrrrrr!!!!! I ordered the Zandy Mesh Outsider in black/italian plum, and I must say. they are well worth the price. They came in less than five days and I wore them that weeked. They are also made of real sturdy flexible material and have really cute sued accents (which i love). The heels seem to have this comfortable air like cushion in them and the balls have a similar feel. This is perfect for those who stand up all day. Mardi Gras is coming up for me and I am so planing on wearing these to a few four hour parades!
B006QNQUH2 Look and feel great These are my answer to the common flip-flop.  I can wear these all day long walking and they never bother my feet.  They have the typical modern Puma style which I love.  They do run big so I had to return my original order.
B006QNQUH2 Very comfy! I am on my feet all day for work and these kept my feet comfy all day.They look dressy, but feel like sneakers.
B006QNQUH2 Comfortable, cute, and durable I have had these for about 6 months and love them.  I wear them all the time and they look great, even though I have abused them terribly (I don't think they were meant to be worn while doing landscaping or carpentry).  Also they make my feet look tiny.  That is not a major goal for me, but if you are looking for that in a shoe, there you go.
B006QO2SD6 Poor design These shoes will not stay on your feet! The back of the shoe barely covers the heel! These were poorly designed.
B006QO2SD6 Great casual wear I've begun to like Puma shoes and their other products. The ballerinas and other flats seem to run a bit small.
B006QO2SD6 Puma Puma brand is always true to size and Amazon always sends me messages when they have something new in stock.
B006QO2SFO Looks like little kid shoes I ordered these because I like flat sneakers with some color but when they arrived they looked like bright blue keds for a little girl. They also seemed a bit snug, so order a half size up. I ended up returning them but will keep Puma in mind for future purchases.
B006QO2XP4 light as a feather So light, so comfortable, it is like stepping inside a cloud... I imagine...LOL.  it does not have very thick sole or insole but still very comfortable and enough support.  Don't reccomend for running but a great walking shoe.  And looks, well very cute and I like the no lace criss cross velcro closure.  Cool looking, easy to do and different!  Puma makes so many beautiful shoes.  Who says a sport shoe can't be beautiful?  I love these.  The pink/black was almost half price, though I would have loved to get the purple, but had to settle for hte pink/black for the great price.  NOw I love them becuase I realized they go with so much more of what I wear.  I have tones of pink and the combination of blacka nd white and pink is easy to wear with other colors.
B006QO2XP4 Worth it! Bought these shoes for my fianc&eacute;e, & she feels comfortable in them...very well made expensive shoe for a great deal.
B006QO2XP4 great Exactly what was expected. Only thing to note is the color. Color is more of a pink tint then red, but I liked that.
B006QO3TCK Be ready for wet feet! These boots aren't waterproof, so don't purchase them if you live in a precipitous climate. They're cute and light but not useful for trekking through snow, puddles, rain, etc. I ended up with freezing, wet feet and soaking socks each day. I emailed Puma to complain about this and they said they never claimed their winter boots were waterproof. Oh, Californians...
B006QO3TCK I kept them but... I kept them but...They do not go on easy at all the way they are designed they make it difficult to slide your heel in easily.
B006QOI30I Purple & Black Sneakers Spent a whole day looking for purple and black sneakers on Amazon, and came across these. I usually order a 10 B because of my wide foot. My true size is 9.5 wide. There was plenty of room in the foot bed and they are very comfortable. Didn't even need to break them in.These sneakers are perfect in every way.
B006QOI4L6 Puma Sneakers This is a replacement order for one that was too tight.  Wish Puma made width selections because original shoe was too tight on the sides.  Tried out similar models at local stores and determined size compatibility.  Shoes fit well now.
B006QOI4L6 Love them Lightweight, stylish and comfortable.  The size was right on and fit me like a glove.  I usually attempt to go to a store and try on footwear before ordering but this time I just ordered and I'm happy I did.  The toe box is a bit more pointy than I'm use to but I'm getting use to the sleek look.  The black accent lines give these shoes a nice clean look.  I would definitely recommend and would purchase again.
B006QOI4L6 Puma I like a lot the colors and the design, style and how beautiful they are excellent for any gift or present who want to give
B006QOI4L6 so  light and sturdy im really picky on My shoes..These pumas fit wonderful and are madeto last.(like all Puma items)the color and design are great
B006QOI4L6 Anniversary Gift I gave this out to my girldfriend for anniversary and she loved it. The inside of it is purple (her fav color) and they're very confortable.
B006QOIEY8 Might have worked. I did not get the right size to see if they were really ok or not!I hope you have better luck!
B006QOIEY8 So pretty! Much more colorful than in the photos. A bit longer than expected but the width is just what I expect from puma. Brand new puma brand shoes in real puma packaging! Got them today will wear them to work tomorrow...I'll let you know how they feel after 9 hours on my feet. :)About 2 weeks now.. still love them! Thank you!
B006QOIEY8 Great shoes Love them, but the only thing that i thought was strange was that the areas that are purple on the picture are actually white in real life. Oh well though, they were cheap and are comfortable, so I won't complain
B006QOIEY8 i liked i liked it very much it is true to size, it is very comfortable and looks very pretty :)) It is not big fits well
B006QOIGTG Great Shoe. I haven't worn them yet but, the style is classic and the colors are really cool. Looking for a slick hat to match! A must buy at $31.00 and free shipping.
B006QOIGTG Fit well, look well, feel well I wore these shoes to work for the first three weeks. Never got tired of them. Stylish and comfortable. i even got praise from my boss.
B006QOIL8M Solid shoe Very stylish, but the leather inner might be a tad uncomfortable and hot at first. I suggest using the red laces instead of the white ones.
B006QOIP88 Fabric upper not very durable Love the bright orange color sole, sleek profile and style but shows dirt immediately...especially the cracks in the orange plastic sole.
B006QOIQ4Q look better on the web look better on the web:Looks better in the picture than in reality. but, I highlight its comfort.I recommend it for anyone who is not very interested in the appearance.
B006QOIQ4Q Awesome shoe I bought these bad boys for Christmas. They are light and great to run in. Highly recommended. Can't wait to get another daily deal!
B006QOIQ4Q Can't go wrong! I gave them 4 stars because you can't go wrong with these shoes.  I liked the styling and multiple colors they come in and they were comfortable.  My size 13 fitted as expected.  Why pay double the price for a pair of nike airmax?  I would have been willing to pay a little more if they had air pockets (hint. hint puma) in the front but overall I didn't miss that as much as I thought compared to my old airmax.  I would recommend to anyone who is tired of paying 180-200 for nike running shoes.
B006QOJ3HK puma voltaic 3 have 2 pairs of these and 2 pairs of the 4s. like both styles. fit is snug to start and streches out with use.
B006QOJ3HK Happy Birthday to me! I ordered my normal size, and they fit just right. Comfortable and lightweight, and I have received several compliments on how they look.
B006QOJ3HK Better price here than at FF I purchased these Puma's at at well known outlet (FF). I paid $70.00 for them. You can about imagine the frustration I felt when I could've boughten the same tennis shoes here, at a greatly reduced price! I'm glad I bought them though, they're the most comfortable tennis shoes I've purchased so far. Light on the feet and comfortable walking. You can't go wrong with this shoe, both comfort and cost effective.
B006QOJ3HK Like them, but not much cushion I bought these mainly as a casual shoe, but also to be used for some 3-4 mi jogs.  I like the appearance and the fit over the top of my foot, but the sole leaves a lot to be desired.  I have an average to high arch and there's not much arch support, and I also like some cushion which there's very little of.
B006QOJ3HK Like walking on babies! Awesome, snug fit. It's like your feet are babies and someone wrapped them comfortably in blankets and now you're walking on those babies. Plus these babies are sexy! Great looking shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Great deal! Fit as expected and didnt even need broken in.  Felt like id been wearing them for a week the first time i put them on
B006QOJ8PM Outstanding Looks and feels great.  It was ordered 2 days ago, and took exactly as long as indicated.  No complaints here.
B006QOJ8PM Was a gift My  brother is very happy with these sneakers, he's happy for him use to go to work every day. thanks
B006QOJ8PM These shoes are excellent I've had problems with fallen arches and foot pain.  I also work out 50 hours a month.  I purchased these Puma a size larger than my other cross trainers and the fit is great.  I have no pressure on the outside edges of the foot, no pain in the arches and I'm not dying to get them off my feet when I get home.  And they look great!
B006QOJ8PM High style, low comfort Lots of style. But not so much on comfort. Also, soles are covered with outer vinylWhich makes keeping them clean not easy
B006QOJ8PM Shoe shopping on web Ventured out to buy sneakers from Amazon first time. I have mental block for buying shoes on web. Reasons to buy on web were many fold: Price, Choice of Color and Brand plus no need to drive. There was no disappointment any where. Arrived in time and fit was perfect. I have used it on Treadmill for about a week. No reasons to complain. My Addidas has lasted about six months so i am hoping that this one at least lasts for that much.
B006QOJ8PM a bit pricy. a bit over priced. wish it was a 20% lower.  easy match with clothing especially with tight pants.  high maintenance.
B006QOJ8PM Three Stars Somewhat small but the servece is ok, everythink ok
B006QOJ8PM FIT TIGHT As with some of the other reviews, they run a little tight.
B006QOJ8PM $40 well spent. Delivered on time and fits as advertised.
B006QOJ8PM Not bad, not great Fits OK but the material seems like it will crack and wear quite quickly. The sole is very hard and I would have preferred a softer sole
B006QOJ8PM Tread On! These pumas are rockin! Slipped these bad boys on and good night Irean! Awesome rides & cool looking
B006QOJ8PM The shoes turned me into a Ninja Literally, I am now a ninja. I mean, I am not a "real" "ninja" in the "literal" sense, but "you" get the "point". They fit perfectly, snug but not so much that my feet sweat or swell up, and they are lightweight. Light like air, but a little heavier like a lightweight shoe. I feel like I could jump from building to building or onto rooftops if I wanted to. I have not, and I don't have any plans to do that sort of thing, but I imagine it would be effortless in these shoes.Not to mention that they are totally stylish. People might have mistaken me for Brad Pitt or LeBron James. That also has not happened, but they might if they just looked at my shoes. (Although I think LeBron wears a size larger than my 12, but who pays attention to that.)Bottom line, these Pumas are totally awesome and will change your life*.(*No guarantees, but again... they might.)
B006QOJ8PM poor exchange policy if you buy the shoes on sale and try to exchange them, they will charge you the regular price for the new size or color. So if you're buying these on sale, buy several sizes and just return the ones that you don't like or don't fit as the returns are free of charge.
B006QOJ8PM Not the greatest Do not buy these if you are on your feet a lot, these are for just working out. If you look at the front sole you will see that there is zero cushion, and the back is very hard. These are great for lifting weights, working out, riding bikes, etc. But standing or walking a long time, then they suck.
B006QOJ8PM I am very happy with this purchase I am very happy with this purchase.  It fits really well and is comfortable.  While I am not a jogger, I routinely go for 5 mile walks 3, 4 times a week and really glad I bought these.
B006QOJ8PM Fit as expected They do fit just as expected and feel very comfortable. The pictures were very helpful in picking style and color.
B006QOJ8PM Perfect fit and style. I bought these for the gym, but the comfort, and the fit are so good I find myself wearing them everyday. I need to purchase at least two more pairs thank you puma.
B006QOJ8PM DISAPPOINTED!!! IM A TRUE SIZE 12 AND THESR ARE TOO TIGHT!!! I WAS REALLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE WAY THEY FIT!!! DISAPPOINTED!!!
B006QOJ8PM cheap Puma D. shoes are worth about what I pay for themAnd $39 I really should not expect moreI will be more discriminating next time
B006QOJ8PM Too large I have had many Puma shoes, and before I did the purchase of this item I checked the sizes of them. They were all 11 US. I got these and they were at least 2 sizes bigger. Gave them as a present to someone else.
B006QOJ8PM Puma sneakers I bought these for my husband.  He usually wears a 10.5 but I got him an 11. He says they are comfortable but next time I will get 11.5.  After he wore them all day his toes were hurting on one foot.  He really likes the style.
B006QOJ8PM Sweet kicks These shoes are sweet. My husband saw them and wanted them. He's very happy with them and they got here the very next day!
B006QOJ8PM can't this item be replace? It's a larger 13 size, it's not comfortable for me. What can I do in this situation. Please I need a response.
B006QOJ8PM not leather They are not leather. Very beautiful, comfortable and the size is adequate. Look better than the picture. I am satisfied.
B006QOJ8PM Falling apart after one week I would not recommend this product.  The shoes are frayed and falling apart after less than a week.  The product is also smaller in width than regular tennis shoes.Not happy with purchase.
B006QOJ8PM Functional and Great Looking These are the sleekest looking footwear I've seen in a while. Really cool design. Not your standard cross trainer.
B006QOJ8PM A good buy. First time buying shoes on line. I was hesitant. Received item timely. I though at first I had made a mistake. They felt tight. Wore the at the gym's track for an hour and was comfortable. Have been using  for a few months now and  still glad I made the purchase.
B006QOJ8PM It has all you kan wish from a training shoe Landvetter, the 18th of January 2014Hej,I am very satisfied with Puma's training shoe. I liked the color and it fits perfectely .Thank you very much.Best Regards,Nicolas RenneByv&auml;gen 33SE-438 36 LandvetterSWEDEN
B006QOJ8PM I had to return them I normally wear a men's 7 but these shoes were tiny!  I was sad to see I couldn't exchange them, and was only able to return them.
B006QOJ8PM Hard on the feet Very attractive product but not suitable for persons with soft feet. It is a bit sturdy, so this makes waking more difficult than you would want. Difficult to recommend.
B006QOJ8PM Walking on clouds Literally, my feet now walk on clouds. I never know clouds were so soft until I slipped these rascalls on. Went up 1/2 a size and fit well.
B006QOJ8PM So comfortable! These are very comfortable, however the neon coloring is easily stained/discolored.  In the future I will avoid ordering in that color.
B006QOJ8PM THESE DO MAKE YOU A NINJA! I bought these after reading a review saying these shoes made the buyer a ninja. I can vouch for that. My overall ninja abilities are way up. Very comfortable. Good Cushion and roomy toe box. NInja Approved. NInja. Ninja.
B006QOJ8PM Not For Serious Jogging ... I bought these to replace some jogging shoes that had worn out in the big toe area.  These are disappointingly thin.  They do not have sufficient padding, esp. for running on concrete or asphalt.  I am able to use them for brisk walking.  Another annoyance is that there is not tongue loop, so the tongue does not stay in place.  A nice shoe for general purposes, but not so much for exercise.
B006QOJ8PM These are quite attractive They even passed the eye test of my teenage daughter -and she hates everything.  The quality of the upper is a little suspect.  I have not worn them for long enough to know how it will hold up.  But, it does look pretty synthetic.The fit was fine.  I felt that the length was good.  They are a bit snug vertically, with the top of the shoe touching my toes even when still as opposed to my toes having a gap to rise up and hit the top of the shoe when walking.  But, I rather like that snugness.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoes for Irish dance. I got these for Irish dancing with my wife.  They are not marketed as such, but they came up for some reason when I searched for dancing sneakers.Irish dancing, or Ceili, is like square dancing to Irish music, with a caller and everything.These seemed like a good alternative to real dancing sneakers since dancing sneakers have a split sole, which I'm not sure about, maybe I'll try them later, and it is not recommended you wear dancing shoes for anything other than the dance floor.Personally, I don't dance seriously enough to change shoes in the dance hall so I figured I'd give these a try.For my purposes, they turned out to be perfect. They are light, they don't have a lot of bulk, the soles are thin without a lot of grip. My usual cross training or running shoes that I buy on price alone because they're just for everyday use feel clumsy and clod-ish in comparison.Per the recommendation of other reviewers, I purchased size 11 when I usually take 10.5. This was nearly not enough of an increase, you may want to get 2 half sizes bigger. They fit like a snug glove for me though, with no hot-spots. I think they will feel even better as they break in.
B006QOJ8PM the  pricewas right I'm am not usually s big puma shore fan,  but these shoes fit and the price was right.  Probably would not  them if they were not on sale.  Happy with the but though.
B006QOJ8PM Mandy's thoughtful gift for Me. Perfect fit :) They fit perfect, am very pleased with the product and size. The style was choice and the smile on my face shows it much thanks Mandy. :)
B006QOJ8PM as an older guy, this shoe  adds a youthful touch as advised by other reviewers, I ordered one size larger than what is customary and normal for me.  perfect.  as a confirmed sandal man, my feet get warm to hot on walks of several miles.  I like it-will order it or something from that Puma family again
B006QOJ8PM gd it was perfect and like what i was waiting for.thank you very much for you're services and you're work
B006QOJ91U I have special needs I blister very easily, and am way out of shape because it's so hard to run, so running on concrete paths worries me about the impact I'll have. These shoes have been excellent so far, no complaints. I have hot spots where I blister, but this is no different than any other shoe I've ever run with, so using moleskin solves that problem and my pads never feel too bruised even from long runs.
B006QOJDAW very uncomfortable... i expected a different fit since i have had before puma flats... but these were a disappointment... couldnt walk that much before packing them back... also very expensive for what ended up in being...
B006QOJDAW Blisters after only a few minutes I wore these for a few minutes in my house to try them out and got blisters and red marks after only a few minutes.I have fairly narrow feet and the top part dug into my foot.  If I had ordered a size up the top part may have been better, but the backs would have slipped off.
B006QOJDAW beautiful, but it hurts a little walk from my wife!tksNoquerocomentarmaisnadaporfavorisso&eacute;ridiculo
B006QOJDAW worst fit ever I've owned 3 generations of the espera, this one being the latest (now dubbed "diva"). it is by far the cheapest, most uncomfortable construction ever. The material inside is rough. The toebox is incredibly stiff and unyielding for what is supposed to be leather (I think they added too much canvas or something). The lining is coarse on barefeet. The heel part is too high and cuts into the achilles. The sizing is way off. I initially bought the 6.5 since the previous size 6 was a tad too small. The 6.5 fitted like a 7! Just terrible. I really wanted to love this shoe but sadly I can't.
B006QOJSXE Its too small and straight. It isn't confortable. I don't want to by another of this model. I always use puma sandals but this one not fit.
B006QOJSXE Mrs. I I love them!! They are very comfortable and good looking on, which says a lot because I have a high arch and instep.The best part is that I'm a purple fanatic & this shoe came in 2 different shades of purple.Please continue making them & you'll have a customer for life;-)Sincerely,Mrs. I
B006QOJSXE Not what I thought I have several of the Puma brand ballerina type shoes and these just were not what I expected them to be. Unfortunately, there is a small gap/opening in the side (it is supposed to be there) that just makes these shoes fit awkward. It's like the toes are too tight but the length is too long. I am working to find some sort of insoles that will work the back doesn't flop on and off my foot, they are a cute shoe if they would just fit properly.
B006QOK6TY poor quality suede They were tight on the sides and there was a small tear in the suede chocked up to poor quality. In an earlier review I said they were awesome sneakers, but that's before I noticed the tear
B006QOK6TY webzom the worst seller i ordered the dark gray and blue puma, and they fit big, so i needed to exchange for a smaller size. i contacted the seller about the return label, they said that they do not provide returning labels. i returned them and i had to pay $18 for shipping just to return them. i have never had to return something and pay for it myself. do not buy from this seller unless you want to waste your money. i will never buy from this seller ever again. they do not know how to do business, and have customers come back.
B006QOK6TY Great They are lovely. Some how i feel that the platform of the shoes on my right foot it was not well made. It feels no well cutted, my feet slides to the right. Nice design though. Thanks
B006QOK6TY Limestone grey... Purchased in the Limestone grey color.  From the photos, it looks like the wave/swish on the side is white.  It isn't.  The swish is metallic silver and very cheap looking.  I am always between a 9 or 9.5.  Bought these in the 9.5 and they are still a little tight (for reference, I have NEVER purchased a shoe in 10.)  Hope this review is helpful.
B006QOK6TY Buy it Big The colors are spectacular!  The long vamp makes your foot look really long, but the length of the shoe is very tight.  I wear an 8 or 8 &1/2 in most shoes.  (Usually 8 in flats.) I ordered the 8 & 1/2 but it was too short even barefoot.  Had to return them.
B006QOK6TY Bright and fun Had to return since they were to small.  I liked the look of them but chose not to reorder.  I hate returning things and didn't want to risk it again.
B006QOK6TY I love these..my sore feet do too! I'm glad that I ordered both 8 and 6.5...never know which I am.  These seem to run a little big and being leather will stretch.  When I put the 6 on it felt like butter.  That says a lot in that I have bad feet and they arre really sore now,  I would order these in any color I could get!
B006QOK6TY Great fit and feel, not performance i expected. The sneakers had great fit and comfortable feel. However they weren&#8217;t up to the task for Zumba class. The sole didn&#8217;t provide the right amount of movement and slippage, even on class wooden dance floor.
B006QOK6TY The swoosh was way too shiny These shoes were fairly comfortable, but that shiny swoosh was just too much.  I had to return them, but I may consider them in another color.
B006QOK96Y Ugh Bought these shoes to replace my run down Shoxx, which I adored.  I am flat flooted, so it is hard to find a shoe that works for me.  These will be added to the pile that did not work.  There is limited support, and they run narrow. I wore them around Chicago when I was there, and I had blisters on top of blisters.  I haven't worn them since.
B006QOK96Y Very Comfortable but Puma Sign is coming off On my feet for 7 hours at a time and my feet still dont hurt afterwards. Feels like I have new feet. Great insoles. Great support. But after only two weeks the puma sign is coming off , the thread is loosening with wear. Unfortunate because I love this shoe.
B006QOK96Y extremely uncomfortable This shoe sucks!!!  No other way to put it!  When I received them I couldn't get my feet in them but finally was able.  They stretched out.  After wearing them for a few weeks, I have horribly back and leg pain.  No ankle support at all!  Would not reccommend these!
B006QOKEJ6 puma all the way just comfortable there isnt much to debate if you are looking for good comfortable sneakers look no further pume had always delivered where comfort  and strenght is (puma all the way)
B006QOL57G Adoreable! I would have given these 5 stars but they do run a tad small. The colors are bright, just what I wanted.
B006QP1W0U Changed the Laces Other than that they were exactly what I wanted at a great price. I esp. like the purple sole, livingt in LA, if I wear yellow I represent the LA Lakers in a conservative way. I've gotten many compliments on my retro looking Pumas. I would and intend to buy more Pumas as they are very comfortable right out of the box. I'm wearing them right now
B006QP37LW Wonderful fit and style. The 8-1/2 is true to size.  Feels like wearing slippers from the first time you put them on.  Very stylish.
B006QP37LW Uncomfortable Stiff and dont flex with feet, not at all comfortable... kinda pretty if you want to keep your toes straight when walking
B006QP37LW Love it! Just what I wanted! I can not complain! My sister saw mines and asked me to buy the exactly the same shoe for her!
B006QP38XY Love them What I like about these shoes is the look and their sophisticated style . I can honestly say I am completely satisfied with them. I don't know how long they gonna last because I don't wear them much often but so far so good.
B006QP38XY HIGH TOP FOR YOU AND MORE Great high top shoe and light. True high top unlike other shoes that are mid top and are sold as High top. This look great with jeans.
B006QP38XY I like it It's stylish I bought this for my friend he liked he said it's fit and comfortableI recommend to buy itI think it's price little expensive.
B006QP38XY Hard to put on. I was looking for a substitute for my annual buy of Converse but couldn't find them. so I choose these.At first I liked them, now not so much. I am not using them for sports though, I pretty much wear them every day. First of all, they are very high top, your foot has to go in at a 90 degree angle, which makes them hard to pull on. Second, the velcro straps are annoying. I don't see the reason for them. We played as kids years ago and my sneakers never came off without the straps, so, I cut them off. Third, the laces stick to the Velcro, so you have to yank them off to start tying the shoes.Forth, the soles are quite flat and I have high arches so I bought a pair of Dr. Scholl's instep pads which adds enough support without flattening.Overall, I need to find the Connie's again.
B006QP3CCQ it was ok. It was ok. I don't have any problem bout it at the tim. The color is perfec, nd I like it.
B006QP3CCQ Stylish and supportive I have ankle issues, but I am not ready for an old lady shoe.  I love these purple beauties.  They are comfortable, supportive, and the 12 year old girl next door thinks they are cool.  They take a few minutes to put on, as high tops do.
B006QPLSZ4 Best Puma automaker series sneakers so far These Mercedes series sneakers really fits the contour of your feet, and both feel and look great. I own several puma and these have been good buy.
B006QPLVA6 Great all around I bought these boots for a trip to Costa Rica due to the material for the fact that I would be in rainy and muddy conditions. They held up to my expectations, kept my feet dry and where easy to clean. I also used them this past winter for the NYC snow. They are not winter boots when it comes to insulation, but they work well for grip. I spent a month birding in California, hiking many miles up into the mountains and along the beach and these boots kept up. No sand entered and they worked well for climbing up and down mountain sides. Only downside is that the sole seems to wear down quickly. Had them for a year and I am thinking about buying another pair. Perhaps it is due to the fact that I wear them almost daily.
B006QPLVA6 awesome boots ware well I use them for work, witch occasionally requires standing on ladders for extended periods of time most shoes or boots Iv had end up uncomfortable in that situation, but the puma's ecosole hold up well
B006QPLVA6 PERFECT !!! I BOUGHT THOSE FOR MY SON, THEY LOOKS CONFORTABLE AND PERFECT FOR OUR TRIP TO VANCOUVER IN DECEMBER. THEN I WILL TELL YOU HIS EXPERIENCE
B006QPLVA6 Every step feels awkward These boots seem to be built pretty well, but after wearing them for a few days, the imperfections become obvious. The right boot feels as though the sole on the heel is uneven, and the left boot pushes up against the arch. That makes every step feel awkward. At least it's not painful, so I still wear them at work. I'm definitely not buying them again though. I wear sizes 10.5 to 11, the 10.5 is just the right length, albeit a little snug.Update: After a couple of weeks wearing them at work, theses boots have become quite comfortable. They no longer feel awkward and uneven footed, so I gave it an extra star on the rating.
B006QPM5GA Divine Ferrari Piece To Cherish!~ This shoes is an art piece! Pixs don't do any justice on these.Incredibly light!!!!! The details throughout from every angle of the shoes is nothing,but pure pleasure to everyone's eyes!~
B006QPN3ZW Wonderful product Wonderful service! When I needed to exchange for another size I couldn't believe how easy it was!  A truly satisfied first time buyer!
B006QPN3ZW Very comfortable and lightweight Very comfortable and lightweight. I wish the price was a little cheaper, but that's what to expect when they put a BMW logo on it.
B006QPN3ZW Classy Shoe I bought these shoes for my Husband for Father's Day, I was so excited when I saw how great they looked, I gave them to him early and he simply loved them!
B006QPN3ZW thank you I purchased the Puma mens drift cat 4 shoes in white/blue size 11us ...and they fit and look GREAT!!thanks
B006QPN91K He loved them! Got them as gift for a BMW enthusiast and he loved them.  They look very good!  A def necessity for a BMW man!
B006QPN91K Prepare for compliments; not for the shy Absolutely LOVE this shoe. I have yet to get anywhere (where you'd be appropriate to wear sneakers) and NOT get compliments on them.  The simple styling, bright white, BMW logo, high accent red... I could go on.  Everyone asks where I got them.Be careful though.  Any scuff or mark will be VERY visible. I wouldn't run in these; I wouldn't got to a crowded bar or event in them either.  They are beautiful, but mainly for show.  They happen to be very comfortable, lightweight and durable (as most Pumas are), but they will certainly get noticed. I could do without the fabric label on the side, however.Amazon sells a lower-priced Puma that is a bit less flashy (and not BMW Motorsports), so if you want the style and look of the shoe without the expense or pretense, I recommend them.I wish Audi would team up with Puma and make a pair as well.
B006QQ0WYG to  hight  price  for  all  and also  youare  charge  to much for sent the  price  is  to  much  high  also  about  send  charging  to  hight  I can  but  any  more  i  see  the  shipment  free  just  you  lie  by  sell  after  pay  you  charge  the  shipment  what  class  bussines  is  the
B006QQ0WYG Birthday Gift :) I got a pair for my bofriend as a birthday gift and he loved them! He says their super comfortable and dont way a thing.
B006QQ0WYG street race? something about these shoes makes me want to step on it. they fit me in my regular size but most people say to go up. good support and they look pretty damn awesome
B006QQ0Y7G Christmas gift My son loved these. He keeps saying how comfortable they are and that they are both casual and dressy. He wears them every day.
B006QQ0Y7G Ultra comfort and sleek design I have had this pair for about 3 days and put it through a lot; however, it came out on top on every occasion. They are also great looking and feel comfortable whether you are running or walking. I am giving it 4 stars because I thought they would look much better and I prefer the puma heel design from '07/'08 which is almost impossible to find anymore.
B006QQ11IM great product is a little bit large, but its okthe seller is awful tho,never buy anything at shoe.comthis product came here with a pretty large SPOT (stained)not cool !!!!
B006QQ129K Bought as a gift My grandson loved the product and it fit very well. He  found it stylish and it fit in with what the teens were wearing.
B006QQ13DU Comfortable shoe with good support. I ordered the Puma Terai hiker sneaker as well, so I wanted to try the hiker boot.  The hiker book does fit well and it very comfortable, especially for hiking trails.  Overall it is a good shoe that fits very well.
B006QQ13DU not too sturdy Not too sturdy material too soft the work i'm doing feet needs more support for ankles and soles something inside hurts feet if you tie too tight
B006QQ14NY not the best quality they were tight at first, but seem to fit better now. not the best quality of shoe. but they will do.
B006QQ18MQ i return one puma mens what happenet wiht may money back what happennet  because i returnet a puma mens 11.5 so i need my money back in my account. i ordenig a new puma mens so what do you wan whit my money.
B006QQ18QC puma el rey flexband a great style of puma for the non traditional look.  i love them.  rather flat...but stylish.  goes with khakis amazingly well without the athletic look.
B006QQ1B3W broke through the seam I rarely put the shoes to and disrupted by sewing,beautiful but lasted only one monthall time came fast but I doubt pitifully product quality.
B006QQ1B3W Great for go kart racing! :-) I bought these for my boyfriend to use as racing shoes for go kart racing.  They are much more affordable than actual race shoes made by some of the big name racing brands and work just as well.  If you are a racer, you know a thin sole is very important for pedal feel.  These have a nice thin, flexible sole that make them perfect for racing.  And they look nice, too! :-)
B006QQ1B3W cool shoes Cool and comfortable but highly susceptible for stains.i have many paid for pumas but these I do like most of all.
B006QQ1C5E sneakers These sneakers were given as a gift I would not buy them they have no supports in them at all. You might as well walk barefoot.
B006QQ1C5E Mostly good... I bought these primarily as a biking shoe, for which they work pretty well.  Their main short-comings, in my experience, are that they're not warm enough for cold weather & the soles are very slick when wet
B006QQ1C5E Too thin I was excited at the prospect of getting these shoes, as I don't care for the styles generally available in this type of shoe.  However, even though I tried to err on the large side of my size, I found that the closure wouldn't go all the way around my foot - apparently, the factory simply took the measurements of local people's small feet and then increased the length as necessary to meet the size specification without increasing the other dimensions proportionately.
B006QQ1C5E Not what I expected I ordered these sneakers and they were suppose to be 9.5. They fit extremely tight, and don't look nothing like the pictures.
B006QQ1DKS Great! I loved! The minute I got it I started wearing it.. Confortable, looks good, matches all types of clods and its Ferrari!
B006QQ1DKS Decent but not great... It seems these are designed to appeal to children.  The quality of the uppers seems a bit cheesy in some respects tho overall quallity is decent.  I think these are more about style then function and I wanted DRIVING shoes, they are fine for driving just not my fave.  Only major gripe is the tung doesn't stay up but tends to slide sideways and down.  I like the Puma Drift Cat 4 Fashion Sneaker better despite the punk name, no one knows the name of your shoes.  (Keep in mind these are not comfortable for long walks as the sole is to thin and hard for that and running in them is poor, they are light wt. so that's good but the sole has near zero cush and still thin enough to allow a small rock to cause pain in your step.)
B006QQ1DKS Puma never disappoint me These pair of shoes are awesome. They feel so comfortable and are really well made.The best thing bout them is that they feel really good while driving. They support your ankle really well.They have kind of a wheel shaped detail all the way down from the lower back which looks really cool.
B006QQ1DUI Testastretta III Ducati Puma These shoes are by far the most stylish that I have ever worn and not too bad in the comfort arena either.
B006QQ1DUI Beautiful These are very comfortable...i know that they arent actually riding shoes but they were so comfortable and interfaced so well on the bike.I even had persons stop me while riding to comment on how great they looked.
B006QQ1HZ4 Asymmetrical lacing looks cool, but results in shoe collar digging into foot's cuboid bone. This shoe's collar is made of rigid mirrored plastic, which digs into your forefoot just below the ankle, every time you bend your foot.  It's a shame, considering how comfortable Puma shoes usually are.
B006QQ1HZ4 Cool Kicks Awesome deal on great shoes I like the whole Cat line and these are a must have addition. No better price anywhere
B006QQ1HZ4 wonderfull I bought this shoes for  a gift  and  i  am fascinated.  really  you can't  find this quality + price  i  recommended this  .
B006QQ1HZ4 so interesting to see these shoes are like nothing you have seen before.  they are pretty awesome. so if you think you will like them you probably will.  i did
B006QQ1HZ4 Puma Future Cat These shoes are sharp! Made well and for a decent price. The yellow is bright, but I wouldn't say vibrant.
B006QQ1HZ4 Fit perfectly, great looking I saw these at the Ferrari store in the Wynn Las Vegas.  Checked Amazon and they were in stock, in my size and MUCH less than the store in Las Vegas.  I was concerned with the fit but when they arrived, they fit perfectly.
B006QQ1HZ4 Cat M1 Big 102 The style is to die for.  Great fit with one size larger! I'm going to order a few more Pumas for the gym and outside activities.NOT to mention the price was right.  Maybe Puma needs to sponsor me!  John
B006QQ1MAY inconsistent I ordered 10 for my son and it was too small. so I ordered 10.5 which and it was even tighter in width.the leather was much stiffer for 10.5 and narrower in width. very frustrating to have to return this back to Shoebacca.
B006QQ1NXU Ganster look Puma is classic look and affordable. when i wear them i always get a compliment. It is a very elagant brand
B006QQI3ZQ Amazing color and style My brother very rarely compliments something of mine and he definitely raved about these. The color of them are awesome, very simplistic and contemporary. The only thing is that they didn't have my size which is 8.0 so i tried out the 7.5. They were very tight and uncomfortable at first but they kinda stretched out and now they fit fine. It was mainly the width that was bothering me.
B006QQI3ZQ classic Nothing like classic Pumas...altho more like a track or scuba shoe, fits snug and is unique. Not many have this style or color
B006QQI76Q Seemingly poor quality The sneakers look great initially, however less than 2 months after purchasing a pair the material around the eye loops for some of the laces have already started to tear.  These sneakers will probably not even last half a year which at 70$ is unacceptable.
B006QQIYL4 ok ok very good satisfaced my spectatives  for this item ok all fine, this product the remomend for future  them person
B006QX9KNI Looks used and faded. I was very excited to have seen the package at my door. I was eagerly waiting for it.When i opened it , my initial feelings were - Is it really new??The fit is OK but the blue color is faded. Not sure if the manufacturer meant it to be but it looked a used product. I dont think its a used one though. It just looked like one due to the faded blue color.Another complaint the jacket(fabric) isnt holding firm. A set of keys in my pocket is pulling my jacket downwards.I dont recommend the product. I m returning this even though it costs me shipping.
B006QX9KNI kind of disappointed... Two major issues with this. The Nice Dark blue color shown, is a bit faded. It does not go well with the rest of teh red and white that are nicely bright.Second issue is fit. It is too long, and a just bit skinny
B006QX9X80 For my son ... and he likes it.Not much more to say, just filling the word quota.And I need six more words, this will do it.
B006QX9X80 Awesome Shirt! I came across this when i was purchasing some other things that had Brasil themes. The shirt is cool and i have been asked where i got it and alot of compliments on it! There are other countries you can choose from but seeing how I'm from Brasil it's a great way to show my colors with Puma!
B006QX9X80 Excellent product!! I love the design, very original!!The materials are excellent as usual for Puma.It's ver comfortable and in my case not available in M&eacute;xico.
B006QXOWHC My new favorite sweatshirt I really like this hoodie. Fits well. looks great. very comfortable. I would buy another one in a different color but they seem to sell out fast.
B006QXOWHC Very Comfortable This jacket is very comfortable and is great for the spring months. It's lightweight and doesn't restrict movement. The yellow lining of the hood, drawstrings, and logo on the left arm make you more visible in evening hours, but are not so garish as to look out of place during the day.
B006QXOWHC Perfect. I Got it as a gift and it came fast and in great shape just what i wanted. Thinking of getting one for my self
B006QXOWHC Puma what can I say I love Puma, The only thing, I wish they offer larger sizes for Tall and Big men. The tall sizes which I am would fit men with 38/39 sleeve length and I am sure they would hit an untapped market. If you go to their website they don't even offer the 2xt or higher as well as the XB sizes. Here's hoping someone at Puma reads this :)
B006QXPX9I Fancy! My fiance loved it!  He asked for hoodies for Christmas so he got tons of hoodies and this was his favorite.  It looks nicer than the usual black, blue, or grey hoodie.  Oh and its really soft.
B006QXPX9I Faded Fast Pulled out of the package we were super excited about this hoodie.  It looked awesome.  But just after 1 wash it faded so much.  The color doesn't pop at all anymore.  I am very sad about it.
B006QXPYN8 Great sweatshirt! My husband wants another one but in another color. My husband is a coach and has to have all his sports clothing to match. He tells me that you can not weat Addidas with Puma so I have to buy him all matching brands. I bought him Puma because it is his favorite and he loves to wear it because it is thick.He did tell me that it runs small.
B006QXPZT6 grabage when i open the packeg it does small like cigrate and the paint was dirty .it does have lot  of dirty spot on the paint.
B006QXPZT6 great with the matching jacket These pants run a touch long in the legs for my husband, although his legs are a little on the short side. Waist is fine and the width of the legs is good. He loves these, says they are very comfortable. Looks nice with the matching jacket.
B006QXPZT6 Nice pants. Your choices won't let me say that they were okay except that they were too long.  had to have them shortened.  won't buy them online again, will see them at the store.
B006QXPZT6 Favorite Lounge and Activity Pants... These are quality pants with two pockets. Great as a set of PJ's you can answer the door in, go play sports, or even be seen in public wearing. A one-pair-of-pants for every occasion!
B006QXPZT6 awesome just what my son wanted so thank you for having them for me to order all is great thanks sooooo much
B006QXPZT6 I like theese pants They are pretty thin but I still really like them they have a bright yellow draw string to match the strip you can't see that in the photo it's a nice touch.
B006QXPZT6 Thicker than I thought I was hoping for thin pants these are really nice. Just a little thicker than I wanted. Wouldn't buy if you want thin workout pants.
B006QXPZT6 Perfect very relaxing and perfect size. Puma it's my favorite brand .Thank you Amazon for making it easy for us to find what we need .
B006QXPZT6 Too large and unattractive I was not prepared, from the photo on the web site, for the unattractive wide white strip.  They looked like prison pants.  Also, way too large for a medium.
B006QXPZT6 really long legs im 5'6'' and ordered a small. the legs seem to be about 4-6 inches too long and because of a weird fit they almost feel like they're on backward. Also a very straight cut. The foot hole is from my heal to mid foot witch I think is to big for any type of training.
B006QXPZT6 Way too long I think I will stick with champion.  The legs were way too long.  I realize the American male is getting bigger and bigger, but this is a bit overdone.
B006QXPZT6 Excellent Just perfect!$ very comfortable For exercise!! Is the perfect clothing !!! Planing to keep on buying more in different colors.
B006QXPZT6 I expected more Now, I always buy the same size and the size with these pants ( I bought 2 pairs) just wasn't right. They were too long and and I had to give them away to some friends of mine. One of them also tore up while I wore it the first day at home. I have to note I was studying in bed the entire day so it's weird how that even happened. Nevertheless, if you happen to hit the perfect size, they look great and will be a good buy.
B006QXPZT6 Great purchase This pants fitted as expected.  They look good and perfect for the gym or just to hang out anywhere. I bought more cuz I love them.
B006QXPZT6 it looks good in the pictures but would not recomend it !!!!!!!!!!!!! The medium fits like an XL and the small that i got after returning the medium ones fits like a somewhat a large/medium .
B006QXPZT6 excellent Fits perfect and snet on time! Great pants I bought 3 more in different colors ...I get complimeted on them all the time:)
B006QXPZT6 I liked I liked and comfortable in donning spam that was slightly larger aperture, but did not greatly affect the total very good
B006QXPZT6 Fits big, good lenght I'm 6'1&#34;, 225lbs - length is perfect.The legs of the pants are straight so because the pants fit slightly big...the foot of the pants is also slightly wide. But i'm ok with the pants.If you are looking for a close fitting pants - this is not for you.
B006QXPZT6 a medium is not a large Based on a review about size I ordered a medium. It was to small. I am now returning it to get a large, as is typical. The material is not light weight enough for a hard workout in the gym.  Still looking for light weight gym pants for a man with long legs.
B006QY4AW8 Happy A Must have for Mercedes F1 fans!  Love it and is perfect for those 60 degree chilly days?  Go Hamilton!!!!
B006QY5CPW a great shirt for a great team! i really like this shirt. it's comfortable. details are good. i'm not crazy about the buttons being rubber, but they're hard enough that it works.
B006QY5CPW It's OK The fabric is a very thin cotton. I was expecting a better quality for a PUMA polo shirt.Hope this helps
B006QYHHFU Not what I expected I ordered this hoodie after trying out the exact same model in a store. I delayed my purchase at the store and by the time hoodie was sold out. So I looked up Amazon and purchased from Amazon.What I received from Amazon is a much lower quality product. - The inside lining of the hoodie (the head cover, which is of the same color as the logo on the chest) is of poor quality cloth. The one I found in the store was a very different material and of much better quality.- Size 'S' fit me well when I tried in the store. So I ordered the same size from Amazon. What I received from Amazon is longer and bigger- There is Puma logo near to the cuff of the left arm. This logo was of synthetic embosed material in the one I tried out in the store. On the hoodie that I received from Amazon it was just a thread embroideryOverall what I saw in the store is not what I received from Amazon. Could be that what I found in the store is 'Made in U.S.A. The one I got from Amazon is 'Made in China'. Anyways, i am not too happy about this purchase, not for the price I paid for sure
B006QYHHFU Great This hoodie is really comfortable and loose fitting. For someone how has ulcerative colitis its not very constricting in the stomach area which is a great thing.
B006QYHHFU Headline blah blah Puma I love Puma but for some reason I thought this hoodie was black and blue, not Navy Blue and blue. the wrist area are super tight and make impressions on my forearms when pulled up away from the wrist. Besides that they always are a favorite (PUMA)
B006QYHHFU I like it Ordered on a whim, but was pleased with this hoodie, I wear it once or twice a week now that it's winter
B006QYHHFU FAKE! bought it as a gift for my father. but so disappointed when I got it. it looks so cheap. I know how FAKE puma looks like. Don't buy it. just spent like 15 bucks on it, so i don't even wanna waste gas returning it!
B006QYHHFU Fits amazing I have to say that I love this hoody. It fits amazingly perfect and its so soft. Great for those cold morning runs.
B006QYHHFU Disappointing This Fleece is not a slim fit like u see in the picture... It is fat and improper in shape when you wear it.
B006QYT5B4 Perfect for after workout, lounging and traveling. 5/21/13  UPDATE--I now have another one of these tops and this one is a little different than what I got before.The material is ever so much more lightweight, still nice though.  The cut of the sleeves is looser and the body is a little less fitted.  I still like it quite a bit, but now notice (on the new version) that the weight of the hoodie part is heavy enough that it pulls up the front part whenever I'm doing something active (ie jogging in the cooler weather).For wearing when out and about it's great (and is roomy enough to fit over snugger athletic wear) BUT for actual activity it is a tad annoying.  I'm not changing my star rating as I still like it okay, it's just more geared towards lounging and being a coverup (as the name implies).  Oh, and still holds up to a dryer without shrinkage.--------------------- Original Comments Below-----------------------This is one of the few civilian clothes items I brought with me on a recent trip (2 months) and turned out to be my favorite top.  Lightweight but long sleeves are great for mosquito-icky areas, a nice weight for cooler indoor climates when it's roasting out, and has the added benefit of being just fitted enough to look good, without being overly snug for 'out in public' places.Soft, comfortable and most importantly held up very well to industrial strength washers/dryers.  Despite my fears, no significant shrinkage noted on high heat dryer settings (someone helpfully moved my clothes from washer to dryer and this hit the dryer with no ill effect).  I love this thing and now am ordering a second color (I have blue and now want grey too).Highly Recommended!JTG
B006QYTFSC NIce Hoodie and Great Quaility In addition to my taste in Puma products, I have ordered my GF a few Puma products..(shoes, hoodies and other accessories.SHe was very please!
B006QYTFSC Warm and awesome I have these on three colors and they are warm and are perfect. Can wear alone in spring as a jacket.
B006QYTFSC Great quality This hoodie, was well made.  It is very soft and keeps you warm in cold places.I would purchase a second one!
B006QZ3VDG Great color but its too big on me, i'm too little and it looks weird.. its okay for the gym and with sweats...
B006QZFFOY Love these capris anything puma pink is on my top 10 fashion. please feel free of suggest any other limited edition puma products at  got2balooker@yahoo.com
B006QZG40S Very attractive. My son love this tee; he looks very attractive in them. The material is great and washes well. I recommend this tee.
B006R6RU4K Runs Large The shirt is great.  I followed the Amazon clothing guideline and went with a medium for my six year old nephew.  The shirt is larger than expected and will be going to my eight year old nephew instead.
B006R6TTVW Puma kids boys 8-20 performance muscle tee, blue Nice quality, size is fine, the workmanship is good, the fabric is great for sports as it will dry quickly when my son gets sweaty.
B006R6V32A Puma Boys 8-20 Active Shorts The size Large seems more like a medium to me but it will still fit my son. The material is perfect for football, so I am happy I bought it.
B006R6YOSU love it My son was in soccer this last fall and loved it, he happened to be on the Spain team also. So when I found this online I knew he would want it and he did!
B006R8219C Had to buy another because this one too small But, it was probably my fault, as I replaced this romper with a Junior size 7 and it fit my gd/daughter perfectly. This cute romper she passed on to her smaller best friend.
B006R865R6 Great and comfortable My daughter needed shorts for school sports (practices).  They are very comfortable without being too short (she has very long legs, but is skinny).  Not sure how they would fit on thicker waists.
B006SZ5F5G Excellent Excellent ! I louve it!!!Just what i nedeed!!!!I Will buy more in the future!!!!And the color it's beautiful!!!
B006SZ5F5G Bad Hi .... At first I really liked this watch, but ultimately proved to be of very poor quality and not think it is the original brand, water fall and just stopped working, the screen is cleared, it seems very bad product that unfortunate, not recommended
B006SZ5F5G Cool! For the prize and the sporty look of it + it's PUMA.. Its worth it. I definitely keep wearing this all the time.
B006SZ5F7Y it's soooooo amazing!!!! i gave this to my roomie for his birthday and he loved it! it's perfect for his work and style
B006SZ5FA6 Not worth it. Delicate and useless It said it is water resistant but, totally stopped working when it was little bit wet. Called the customer care which is hopeless. Dont buy from this dealer and dont buy this watch.
B006SZ5FA6 Love it! Exactly what I wanted/expected. It's a straight forward watch, simple, flat, light weight, tells time...period. The light at night is a lot like indaglow, which I love and didn't expect. My only downer was that it came with a dead battery. No biggie, just went to target and got the battery and replaced it myself (total of 4 screws for the back plate, and three screws for the battery). Battery cost me $5.All in all, love it!
B006SZ5FCE Could be better Great customer service by amazon. Had issue with package, but they sort it out and got my package on time.I think this product would have been better with adding component such as alarm. For about 30 bucks, I think it should include.Overall it's a great stylish watch.
B006SZ5JCK Easy to use, Does what it says it will. First off i was looking for something to help figure my calorie consumption, which this does very well as along with the why it monitors the heart rate. I am a pretty good sized guy and the belt could still fit a even bigger person. The belt fits up nice and snug, and you can hardly tell its even there.Now a lot of people have said that its hard to use or hard to see the screen. First its not rocket science, but you do need to be some what technologically inclined. As far as the screen goes I can see it perfectly fine, and not squint or anything to see it from a distance. I got the black watch with the Puma colors (green and yellow) even though I ordered the white one amazon sent me this one instead. Which I am not unhappy about because a review said that the white tends to get dirty.I would recommend anyone that has a interest in tracking heart rate and calories burned to get this watch I use it mainly for when I go on my bike rides and it works great. So I'm sure if your a runner it would be just as great. Great product and defiantly cant beat the price for quality.
B006SZ5JCK They send me not the want I order I paid for the white one and you send me the black one. I'm not returned it because I don't live in USA so it would be so difficult but I hope this will be the first and the last that I bought you
B006SZ5MN6 Like I like it, though not sure if it is durable especially I intend to wear it in the Gym while exercising.
B006SZ5MN6 great! My wife stopped using others watches (hard to believe), so I guess I have made a very good selection definitly
B006SZ5MY0 Looooove it! Love it!! It definitely fulfilled my expectations. Size is perfect for the type of watch, came perfect in the packing, came on time as well.
B006SZ5NAI I'm an ER nurse and it's fantastic for all the gross encounters I have I'm an ER nurse and it's fantastic for all the gross encounters I have...  just wipe it down and and it's good to go... be aware though that the picture provided looks much more pink than it actually is... it's more plum in color
B006SZ5QUU Love it It's the second color I'm getting for my husband, he likes those sports watches very much. It was delivered a day before scheduled, which was great, no matter that the delivery time is not much total.
B006SZ5QXM Looks Nices I like the looks of this watch.  Its soft plastic outershell really sticks to your shirts and coats when putting it on.  The extra strap also comes out of the 2 holders easily.
B006SZ5QXM It looks really cool! I liked how it looks. It says it's water proof but according to the manuals it only resists water splashes like when you're washing your hands. I don't feel like testing though.I'd like it to have a light or something to help you see the time in the dark.
B006SZ5R1S Brighter than pictured This watch is as described, but the colors are much more vibrant. It's more of a dark coral bordering on neon pink. It is soft, so conducive to exercise, and it seems to be made well.
B006SZ5R1S Disappointed I like the look of the watch, but when I went to pull and turn the knob it came out. I was able to push it back in and it did work but now it doesn't work at all, very disappointed.
B006SZ5RYU Compliments often For such a cheap watch, I receive frequent compliments on this one. It's great for casual occasions or in any type of sport related function. I went with the all white (which looks awesome) and it has stayed completely clean the last 2 months. Any kind of small mark on the band has wiped right off. Definitely pleased with my purchase.
B006SZ5V3C more suitable for woman size It is labelled as Men's watch but it is more suitable for woman. Overall, it has a good design. Unfortunately, the strap is made of rubber.
B006SZ5YBG I love it I am realy satisfied and  and this is wall  I want to say, so  i dont wanna write any more.
B006SZ5YNO Beautifully done, comfortable to wear. 
B006SZ610O Easily scratched Not a big fan of the interface choices (Timex has more flexibility and ease of use). Also, I got a major scratch on the face of the watch within a few days. Don't remember doing anything hazardous, so I believe that the design + materials lend itself to damage
B006SZ64BA Like it. My only problem with the watch is that it is rated 5 bar for the water resistant aspect of it.  The manual that comes with the box says that 5 BAR is okay for washing your hands and rain only.  (No swimming, bathing, showering, or diving)Otherwise, it has a large display so it is easy to read.
B006SZ64BA however needed one for work - this fits the bill nicely. It is not too big I haven't worn a watch in a long time, however needed one for work - this fits the bill nicely.  It is not too big, has a light and I can read the numbers without my glasses - well worth the money!
B006SZ64BA it will be good in a rain storm Kinda cheap. Don't believe the product description as far as waterproofing. When you get the watch, the documentation in the box will say that you can't even take a shower with it. So in other words, it will be good in a rain storm, but as long as that rain storm doesn't last for too long. lol
B006SZ64BA No water resistent It doesn't say when purchase that it is not water resistant, i realized it when i opened the product box.
B006SZ6578 Doesn't do what it says on the tin Not water resistant.  A couple of laps in the pool and moisture was trapped and watch stopped working.  Perhaps I got a fluke.
B006ULB7I2 thank you i purchased the Puma mens BMW bonded jacket size large....and it looksand feels GREAT!!....and iam getting a LOT OF COMPLIMENTS...thanks
B006ULQXD6 shirt is so soft and arrived very quickly This shirt is luciously soft to wear.  It arrived very quickly.  I typically wear a women's size 6, or a Small to Medium, with a bust 32E.  For this shirt, I picked Medium.  It fits as I wanted, not skin-tight, a little loose, but shows my shape.
B006ULQXD6 Great Shirt! All i get are rave reviews when I wear this! stylish, light enough for summer but not cheaply made. Great shirt, hope to have it in my stable of Ferrari gar for years to come!
B006VDQNHE Size smaller The same product we bought before was 4,5 and its almostno difference at all, we didn't return the productbecause he had game at that time
B006VDQNHE Awesome cleats Bought these for my son.  I usually wait until the last minute to find cleats for my kids, and this year was I exception. Since we live out In the sticks it was so nice to be able to find name brand cleats online with free shipping that showed up at our door just in time for practice to start.  Love the looks if these shoes, too.
B006VE8YSY Excellent boots for my son! These are so nice and attractive! Plus, the boots are of good quality, and my son wears these Powercats for his training and games as a young football player. Both of us liked Puma Powercat soccer boots a lot!
B006VEP4NM comfortable and stylish Very comfortable and stylish.  I wish I could get this in different colors because the fit is very good for me -- and I think kind of flattering because it's sort of fitted at the waist.  I feel sporty in it, and I think the weird mesh elbows are kind of cool.  (Even though I don't suffer from sweaty elbows.)
B006VEQH42 Great Cleats! These cleats are very light, fit well, and look good.  Being white, they get dirty easily, but the material is very easy to clean.
B006VEQH42 Puma Rocks! Absolutely beautiful, light weight and comfy, perfect for six year old boys to play soccer. Easy to clean and wear!
B006VEQH42 Solid Cleat that Lasts We just purchased the third pair of these specific cleats (different color) for our 10 year old daughter. She plays competitive soccer for a club and has for three years. These are the best cleats she's had over the years which is why we keep getting them. She loves them.We've purchased new pairs only because her feet keep growing. The outgrown cleats always have little wear, even though she is hard on them (lots of tackling, etc.). Cleats from other vendors have worn down quickly in the past. Also, her foot is sort of narrow and these fit her much better than others we have tried in the past.
B006VEQH42 PUMA Magnificent boots and any child will be proud to wear these top of the line boots. Puma have done it again.
B006VESI5I Puma Evospeed 5 IT Junior Soccer Cleat My son just love these sneakers he's enjoying it to the MAX he's in the sunny Trinidad with them on his little Winter vacation
B006VETNCA excellent traction! Shoes are nice and solid with good support. Great traction on both Futsal and Gym floors. They do run 1.5 to 2 sizes small so if your kid usually wears a size 5 sneaker, plan on ordering a 6.5 or 7.The only complaint my son has is that there is not enough padding on the back by the achilies tendon so it pinches his foot on quick turns. I will have to add some gauze to his sock to protect his foot until this shoe breaks in a bit.Oh yea, and they look great too!!
B006VWJSL8 Nice Jacket for the price I guess the only real draw back about the coat is the zipper is a bit hard to get started otherwise it looks tight cheaper than what I would of spent at the mall.
B006VWJSL8 PUMA LOVER Another one of my husbands favorite jackets.  He loves Puma and has about 3 black/white jackets to rotate and has shoes to match.
B006VWJSL8 awesome style Love the style, just too big. Great buy! Its a cool cool jacket and I am an avid collector!  Buy one!
B006VWJSL8 Puma Jacket Navy/White Large I love this jacket, I have owned Puma products before and have always liked there goods, but I was a little skeptical when reading all the reviews about the jacket and especially the pants, I have not ordered the pants yet, but I Love the jacket, I am 5'7&#34; and I ordered the large only because I ordered a medium for my son and I tried it on and it was a bit tight so I went with the large.  the material is good and not to thick or to thin. just right for wear every day or just for light work outs.  Love the jacket and highly recommend the product
B006VWJSL8 I know... track suits are so 80's What can I tell ya, I like comfortable and this (with it's matching pants) are just that!!  I needed an easy to pull on pair of pants when i broke my wrist, and I wanted something nicer than sweat pants.
B006VWJSL8 Dope Great fitt .. I give it 5 stars if i could give more i will. Buy it . You wont be unhappy
B006VWJSL8 as I expected I always wanted a puma track suit and this was one of the ones I wanted. I'm glad I was able to grab one from here.
B006VWJSL8 I liked Excellent and comfortable, Severity excellent Severity excellent feel comfortable to wear them when it is suitable for my need And beautiful appearance
B006VWJSL8 Jacket is perfect This was purchased as a tennis jacket.  The size is accurate; the material just right for a lightweight jacket.  He loves it.
B006VWJSL8 Too Large Size is more than expected. It should be fit as expected but it is more large. so i returned the package
B006VWJSL8 Looks gr8 Slightly big but it looks brilliant. The yellow is bright as hell. Love the color combination. Definitely a gift option !!!
B006VWJURU Wonderful item! The jacket was a gift item and it fit perfectly. It was just what he requested and he wears it all the time.
B006VWLPLE Awesome Awesome fit and love how it is not just a print. It is embossed detail which will last longer and it is light weight which is great for the summer. Again I ordered a large bc it looked like it ran small and my hubby normally wears a med. But recommended for any guy as a gift or for whatever occasion.
B006VWUX6M CUTEST sweats. these look really CUTE on me, especially with the button on the leg - i like to button just the outside buttons on both legs, and i think it looks dope.  waistband is nice and comfy but not loose at all, i like how wide it is, too.  wearing them much more than i expected.
B006VYGLHA Great Concept but poorly manufactured I bought these high tops for my 9yr old because he wanted to use them with his MP3 player.  First of all, the port on the connecting wire is not compatible with all mp3's, therefore, he hasn't been able to even use this part of the shoe. Second, there's an additional techno sound which is played through the speakers of the tongue, activated by stomping.  This button gets stuck and there's no way to quiet the shoe! :(. Not good while in school.  The idea was great, except that there's no way to access the power or substitute another type of connecting wire.
B006VYXUVU 3rd time not a charm This is our third pair as I like the easy on/off and the hi-top ankle support and lite arch support.But the quality on these are not super good. The stitching that holds the green elastic has come off and now the elastic is  open.  All this after one month.
B006VYXUVU Wasn't excited about the purchase Won't recommend. First, the size runs a bit small. Second, the material of the shoe looked quite cheap and spongy! With pink color, it could get dirty quite easily, and might not be cleaned easily. Returning them.
B006W1DT1I On the pic. look better than on reality I give this rate because its Puma my family and I love it and I would recommended but its little smaller size
B006W1DT1I TOO SMALL IT'S NOT LIKE OTHERS SIZE 10,5.  MY BOY DOESN'T USE, IT'S TOO SMAL IT'S A PROBLEM BECAUSE I LIVE IN ARGENTINA AND I CAN'T CHANGE
B006W1DT1I Growing intp He needs to grow a bit more for them to fit.  I was so glad to find them, I did order early.  Mom likes them very much but  is not wearing them just yet.  Now know where I can find them again when I want more.
B006W1DT1I cute sneakers! Arrived on time, look great.  I chose them on looks but also becuase they are relatively flat and not overly cushioned unlike lots of toddler sneakers/runners - i personal don't believe toddlers need it.  Lots of room for the toes.  Seem a bit stiff out of the box, but easily worked with my own hands and with my daughters wear.  Only challenge is getting them on - the little toe can get caught in the inner elastic.  She loves them and we got lots of compliments!
B006W1DT1I Narrow Fit with Inside Elastic We have always loved Puma for my daughter; however, this particular Puma is much more narrower than what we have come to expect.  The inside elastic is very restrictive and have a high arch causes discomfort.
B006W1DT1I should of went bigger I wish I would of knownm I would of bought a 1/2 size bigger.. but quality is great.. I had to cut the inside elastic for my granddaughter be able to get them on without help for gym class..
B006W1DWOW I would recommend this product to everyone I would recommend this product to everyone. Now my 5month old grandaughter and I match when we go out together.
B006W1DWOW Just what I wanted but I received the wrong size The box said 3.5 but sadly I received  a size 1.5 instead.  The shipper was great and send be a shipping label to return them.  Other than that they were well made and flexible.
B006WBB4D8 fabulous love this shoe; actually have a penchant for Puma's especially the ballerina style. comfortable, stylish; goes with slacks, skirts, dresses; dress it up, dress it down. Quite versatile
B006WBB4D8 Work Shoes I have to dress business casual for work and needed something that has more support than most flats you can find. I, however, didn't want to pay $100 for them. These work nicely, are a great price, and I love the look, the only negative thing I can say about them is that the fit around the balls of my feet is a little snug. I don't really have what is considered wide feet, but I think with a little more time (I've only had them a week or so) they will stretch out nicely. I would buy these again.
B006WBB4D8 Stylish This shoe is very stylish and sporty for a flat. I bought them for being on my feet working retail. Compared to other flats I have they were not very breathable so it caused my feet to sweat. Other then the sweaty feet, they were comfortable.
B006WBB4D8 Comfortable and Versatile This shoe is exactly as the picture shows.I love it because it can be worn with jeans in a casual way or dress it up with a pair of leggings and a dress.I am a heel addict, but they have begun to take their toll on my feet.So, I&#8217;m venturing over into the world of flats.These shoes are very cute and comfortable which has made the transition much easier.The only reason I didn&#8217;t give these 5 stars is because I wish there was a little arch support.
B006WBB4D8 i love it PUMA is the global athletic brand that successfully fuses influences from sport, lifestyle and fashion. PUMA's unique industry perspective delivers the unexpected in sport-lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories, through technical innovation and revolutionary design.
B006WBB4D8 Just Okay Bought these and they came quickly (thank you Amazon Prime).  They came in a brown box (not a Puma box), which I thought was strange.There was sticky glue around seam inside one of the shoes that took me some time to get out.  These are not comfy like I had hoped they would be.  Cute but I'm overall a little disappointed.
B006WBB4D8 Not my usual PUMA fit The thread that runs through the top of these caused a lot of pinching on my foot after the first half hour of wear.  I tend to use PUMA ballet flats as work shoes because my commute involves about three miles of walking each day, in 3/4 mile increments.  By the time I had finished my walk to work, I couldn't think of anything but taking these off.  I even took the spare Zandy's I had in my desk out for snow days and wore those for most of my work day. I hope that these will break in, but so far, I haven't been able to bring myself to wear them again...
B006WBB4D8 I'm a Puma fan! The Puma Women's Wynne Pearl Shoe fits a little snug in the toe of the right foot, but it could be that my body is changing size over the years and too, my right foot has always been slightly bigger than my left food. I could have gone up a 1/2 size I suppose, but I wanted them to fit snug. I am wearing a cotton sock on the snug fitting shoe and after a couple of days, they are fitting fine now. I have Puma running shoes that I use at my club for doing a fast walk around the track and they are absolutely great. I feel light and steady on my feet and after years of wear they just get better and better!
B006WBUL1Y Cute and light! I absolutely love it! It's light like a feather! Although, I don't know if it's gonna last much - Light tennis shoes always gimme this strange idea that such light thing it's not gonna last.The size fits me really well and allow use with or without socks.\
B006WBUL1Y So comfortable These are the most comfortable flats I have ever owned. I love wearing them around the office. They are very stylish - but I haven't tried cleaning them yet. The white has gotten a little dirty over time, which is expected.
B006WBWD6A Adorable, comfortable, stylish. So as soon as I got these, I put them on. Lets just say I stepped in something gross in the backyard that same day and needed to clean and wash them.I cleaned them and then threw them in the washer and dryer. Well they have held up and are still comfortable and cute. I did not have any problems with size or comfort and I wear them daily. I have had them for about a month & a 1/2 now :)
B006WBWD6A Thanks You. They're great and very confortable, my wife's lovely with their shoes new. She wants another color maybe blue. Thanks you
B006WCLUYA sucks didn't like at all Shoe fell apart before I even put it on terrible wrote her materials very Poor quality that's all I got to say
B006WCN4LC good It's what u expect from a baby shoe nothing more nothing less. I like them and baby didn't kick them off a plus:)
B006WCN6QK Fits like a glove. I bought these for my elderly husband.  He has hip and leg problems and drags his feet.  These very low heeled shoes solve that problem.
B006WCN6QK Perfect fit and feel I am constantly in search of stylish footwear for my adult son, Raymond.Raymond is Autistic and had never mastered the art of shoe tying.This sneaker quickly became his shoe of choice.  The fit is obviously verycomfortable and the style matches most of his wardrobe.  We are extremelypleased with this purchase.....
B006WDN6B4 DON'T WASTE MONEY These are like pretend shoes. Plastic everything--including soles, very stiff with no give. No padding whatsoever and very narrow and stupid. Don't buy!!!
B006WDN6B4 Not a good shoe Like other reviewers have said, these shoes are not comfortable and seem to be made of some sort of stiff thin material.  The picture is deceiving because it looks like they have some cushion and the material does not appear as it really is.  I've only worn these once since getting them because they are so uncomfortable.
B006WDN6B4 Cheap material I was very disappointed in the materials used to construct the upper part of the shoe.  It looks and feels like the thin mesh material used to make reusable grocery bags. Lightweight shoe, yes, but it does not feel like it will last.Update: I decided to try wearing these shoes around all day.  They are not comfortable and they are really unattractive up close.  It's difficult to believe these are actually made by Puma.
B006WDN6B4 Puma Femme Cross Trainer - Great choice for comfort and walking This is a great, lightweight shoe with cushy insole. It is very stylish in design also. It can be useful for safety purposes also as the panels are reflective and glow brightly in the night when light hits them. I noticed this when outside after dark wearing headlight, and walking dog.Another great deal presented by Amazon!!!
B006WDOIEI Purchased for my Mommie I purchased for my mommie& she  attends exercise classes at the senior Citizen Center& she loves the shoes. She says she has great support.
B006WEI3BQ lightweight when i bougth i am not very sure of the color......... but they are very confortable and lightweight. so i used  to go everyday to go to walk in the park
B006WEI3BQ Classic Sneakers I bought these sneakers because they  fit great and were awesome looking. Little did I know that I would walk for miles in them on a vacation trip and not get tired. I toured southern Florida with my son and I don't think we missed any location. I wore these sneakers every day for two weeks and enjoyed the balance and the  light and easy flow with each step. This is my first experience with Puma and I'm glad that I was able to purchase them from Amazon.We'll keep this brand in mind for future purchases
B006WEI3BQ Super Light Weight, Curious About Durability I love how light weight these are, I will definitely include them in my luggage next time I travel.  I had read that they run a bit smaller than expected and ordered a 1/2 size up, and I am glad I did and at 1/2 size up they fit perfect.  The foot bed is comfortable and protective. I don't think it would stand up to running or impact sports.  They are great for chasing my son at the playground or using the cardio machines at the gym.  The light feel does make them seem a bit cheap, but with examination they seem to be well made.  I will be keeping an eye on their wear and post an update if they are not able to hold up to regular use.A feature that I find interesting is that there is elastic anchoring the tongue under the foot bed insert.  I appreciate the thought of keeping the tongue from getting wadded into the toe, but I am concerned it will prove to be a weakness and put extra stress on the mid foot, breaking down the liner.  Again, I will post updates with further use.
B006WEI3BQ Looks cute , but.... Let me start by saying I LOVE the way Puma sneaks fit my feet...However, these 'training' sneaks had very little bottom support.They were more like fashion shoes, & there is no way I could trust them toBe comfortable for walking OR training.Had to send them back. Got a pair of Asics gel blur33's-- super dooper support, comfort, and style.
B006WEI3BQ yea for PUMA I usually wear size 6 or 7 if I'll be using my inserts.  They did run a little smaller & fit exactely without the inserts.  It's like wearing a confortable pair of slipers!  I will be wearing them a lot :)
B006WMDF9S Great purchase! Good material, great looking, true to size. I ordered two sizes for my daughter, for now and bigger for later, it's so cool, I was afraid, I wouldn't be able to find it anywhere in a yar or two. So I got 2! That's how much I loved this tee :)
B006WTISAC Excelent soccer shoes It is an excelent shoe for sports. It is ideal for soccer but the childs can use for school too.
B006Z66MTG Great shoes! To start, I have bought 25+ different pairs of Puma El Reys/El Aces in the past, and these seemed different enough to warrant a purchase.  The strap on these is not very elastic, and these require using your hands to put on correctly. (I'm lazy, ok).  Only reason they don't get 5 stars in my book is because the sole gets almost no traction on smooth surfaces like linoleum or poured floors, and the design of the sole acts like suction cups that make weird noises when you walk.  I'm hoping that issue will go away after a while.
B006Z699SW Easy to wear! It's spring time in Cali so its getting hot! Wearing these is like a slip-on. I love the color it matches with almost everything I wear that's bright colors.
B006ZNNYPE Ug-O I knew I was taking a gamble on these shoes, they rated well on some running reviews, but man this is an ugly shoe. They fit okay...a bit on the smaller side than I expected. A tad bit stiff in the sole. The picture gives it an appearance of some curve to the sole, but don't be fooled. These look like something your grandfather would wear.
B006ZO2ZJY Sharp! Sharp! Sharp! And lighter than air? I am not sure how, but these shoes almost defy gravity, they are so light!Extremely comfortable and very sharp looking!Clever shoe bag included!
B006ZO35S4 Funky fresh Airy and cool.  And the Usain Bolt point is gangsta!  THE END  and here are the other required eight words
B006ZO3U0C Snug shoe, fits like a glove but--- I normally LOVE Puma sprint spikes. They fit snugly and give great support for my flat, pronating feet I used to wear the Theseus Complete, but Puma no longer makes them. For some reson the EVO sprint KILLS my right big toe. I've tried three pairs of the EVO's in two different sizes with the same results--intense pain in my right big toe. I recently found the Theseus Complete model again and the pain disappeared. The sole design seems to be the same in both shoes, but the Theseus--at least for me--is more comfortable and less painful. Does anyone else have similar experiences or suggestion?
B006ZO3U0C didn't get everything when i received this package everything seemed 2 be in order, but i did not receive an invoice for my order as well as i didn't get the nails order. I find this not up to standard cause you cannot expect persons to order something online and not give them what they expect. What does this mean now i have to spend more more money on nails for the shoes- this is madness. And i am very unpleased with the service i have received froom this site
B006ZO3U0C Beautiful I brought this for my nephew and he LOVED it! It is light & comfy & better looking in person and really meets his expectations. Get this
B007064X82 Well What can I say about this beautiful handbag except that it lives up to it's name.I liked it so much that I bought a black one too.I have many, many handbags but I keep going back to this one because it opens wide and holds a lot too. It's a great addition to any outfit and always classy!
B00709BQFC Good Quality GK Pants This is a good, durable GK pants. I am 6ft, 214lbs. and this pants was a little baggy on me. I had to alter the width of the legs. The length was a little long also. I like have my GK pants just about 3 inches above my ankles, so I had to cut these pants to length.
B0070R9X2M Highest quality carrysack ever Just needed a simple carrysack and pretty much got this one because I like the Puma brand.  But it exceeded expectations.  The material is heavy duty with a reinforced bottom, has red on the inside for some style, and has an outside zipper pocket along with two more on the inside.
B0070R9X2M The material is good and it works I bring this bag whenever I go to theme parks or camping.  I am able to fit many water bottles and snacks to keep everyone happy.  Also, there are zipped pockets that are very handy to keep smaller items like keys, phones, etc. so they do not fall to the bottom or get squished.  The strings are thicker than bags I've used before, and I'm assuming it is so it is not as bothersome when carrying very heavy items.
B0070T0FP4 fresh I really enjoyed this jacket its fresh. I love puma period. Now I need some puma kicks to go with it. Also good for windy days since its a wind breaker.
B0070T0GNA Puma training pants My husband doesn't like the material and the netting inside. He wanted to send them back but it would have cost him over half the amount to return them. Very Unsatisfied.
B00712KYXI compare chart error The size info for kids in puma is up to 5.5 and the options for select are 5.5 - 6 - 6.5.
B0071BUDRG Very comfortable The shoes are very comfortable, especially for my long commute. However, I am worried about the longevity of the very thin soles.
B0071BUID0 I am very much pleased I bought it for my boyfriend and he LOVES it. He was very much surprised and i had him grinning from ear to ear,lol. He had it in his amazon cart from last year December, and i just surprised him and bought it. Personally, i really like the design of the sneaker, the colour combination works really well with each other. So all in all, he was the one who i sought to please and i did it.
B0071BUID0 A Nice Change! Haven't worn Puma's since I was a youngster, Have now bought two pairs in the last month thanks to cool offers from Ferrari and Ducati. Both look and fit amazingly well and the price compared to the standard fare offered in chain shoe stores is fantastic! This shoe feels very comfortable despite its narrow look. Also very uniquely constructed. Love it!
B0071BUID0 Excellent I would recommend this product to anyone...it fits as expected and very stylish... The 5 star rating is justified ...
B0071BVJ10 Small fit and lighter colour Colour is much lighter grey than in the photos which didn't bother me but unfortunately the sizing was too small.
B0071BW1OY Tennis shoes My brother asked me to order this for him, so far he seems he really likes this product. 1233 323
B0071BW9KK vERY BAD very uncomfortable, my feet feel tired when I walk .. and swollen. untied shoelaces .. not recommend them, they feel like soccer shoes
B0071BW9KK Not too bad Got if for my gf. She gets compliments on the look, but the left side rubs oddly against her achilles tendon.
B0071BW9KK after wearing, my feet hurt and were very tired.. i bought these to help me feel active, and they did just the opposite..love their looks, but the arch was in the wrong comfort spot for my feet, and they almost hurt my feet..I was bummed!
B0071BW9KK OK Fits great, but it has the tendency to tear up your pinky toes after walking in them.  Do not buy if you have a job on your feet all day.
B0071BW9KK low in heel Thought the shoe was good looking but the heel bed felt lower than the foot bed hance, felt like I was falling backwards
B0071BW9KK Amazing I adore Pumas. At the usual $70ish per pair, I was Thrilled to find these. True to size, expected quality, arrived before schedule. My only regret is that I didnt think to look here before!
B0071BW9KK great color combination They wore a blister on my back heel rubbing on the piece of fabric above my ankle.  Comfortable after I broke them in.
B0071BW9KK Not like the picture The picture makes it look like they're dark grey with dark pink or a maroon like color- they're actually really light grey, closer to silver, with hot pink, like flourescent pink. The little tag on the back in the picture will rub on your achilles tendon for at least the first 4 or 5 times you wear them, so they have to be broken in thoroughly before you can walk far or run in them. Otherwise, they're comfortable, but if you have wide feet I'd suggest against them as they're very narrow.
B0071BW9KK Yuck Ok, these are rather cheaply made, run very big; and make my feet look like boats. They aren't extremely uncomfortable; but have significant dents on the top from only wearing them around the house a few times. I don't know what Puma is doing with their laces on some of their sneakers lately; totally cheap ones! Color not bad; but they look so bad on my feet that they are 'closet sitters;!  Will eventually either toss them or give them away!
B0071BW9KK Wearing them right now! These are great for the price, and I've received lots of compliments. But, they aren't very comfy. They rub on the back of my heels (but this has gotten better with more use) and the tongue is annoying.
B0071BW9KK back tab hurts had to cut the back tabs off and have to be very careful to make sure shoe tongue in place when tying up
B0071BW9KK Cute but a little snug I liked these, but they are a bit narrow in the toe area. I bought the gray/orange and the gray/purple. The purple is dark and the gray even darker, so the distinction is not as pronounced as in the photo. They otherwise feel like they have good arch support.
B0071BW9KK Disappointed I'm a big Puma sneakers fan and currently own 2 other pairs that have lasted me years. I was very excited about these but when I put them on I was immediately disappointed- the front part where my toes are is too big and the little leather part sticking out in the back rubs my heels raw. I tried to wear th one day but it's impossible. What a waste!
B0071BW9KK Uncomfortable These are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn. The first and only day I wore them I got blisters on my heels. I will never purchase this brand again. Waste of money!! :(
B0071BW9KK These Shoes are PINK Pumas run a bit small, they are on the narrow-side. I do like the shoe, but these are TOTALLY PINK, even tho the description says RED. I&#34;m considering returning them as I am not as pink is not my color. It's too bad as I totally would have loved them if they were red.
B0071BW9KK Very Nice! These shoes are quite comfortable, and are also appealing to the eye. The tab on the back rubbed on one of my heels for a while, but after being broken-in are just find. Also, the colouring is lighter than shown in the picture.
B0071BW9KK loving IT!!! I'm loveing my shoes, they are so comfortable, i would say pick these however i saw the pink ones and now want them.
B0071BW9KK Uncomfortable Hate it, very uncomfortable. wont recommend it. Hurts when I walk, it is a waste of money. Worst puma ever
B0071BW9KK heel rubs Shoe looks great, but as other reviewers said, it rubs a blister on the heels. I have tried stretching, padding, band aids, everything.  Too bad because it would be perfect otherwise.
B0071BW9KK Comfortable and good looking! Yes, the first time I put these on, the backs rubbed against my heal and was uncomfortable.  But, after they broke in (only one day's wear) they were super comfortable, like the Puma brand is very well known for.  I have received so many compliments about these sneakers.  Love the colors and look of this shoe!
B0071BW9KK Worth the Break-in Time I carefully read the other reviews before ordering, so I expected to have some breaking-in issues... and I did. They tore up my heels big time. Even when I wore band-aids and two pairs of socks, they were excruciating. But after about two weeks of wearing them every day (and dealing with the pain), they stretched out and I have no problems. I ordered them to wear to Zumba, for which they work perfectly. But, I love them so much I wear them with jeans too and get a lot of compliments on them. I have no regrets about buying them&#8230; they&#8217;re lightweight and I feel like I&#8217;m prancing :)
B0071BW9KK got blisters from flap on back of shoe i chose this item for the brand,the tongue and flap on back of shoes gave me blisters, i like color and style and price
B0071BW9KK Pretty light and modern design This pair of excercise shoes looks and also feels pretty good, great quelity materials used, Its a Puma, what else you need?
B0071BWI1U Great quality, perfect fit As with puma, most people know to go up at least a half size to make sure they fit perfect. Thats what I did. I'm a 10.5 and I picked up a set of these in an 11. They fit perfect. Also, they don't crease as much on the toe (maybe because I haven't worn them enough) But they are excellent to drive in, and feel natural.
B0071BWI1U Best Pumas I've owned yet I've had speed cats and drift cats that have always been very comfortable but they seem to fall apart at the seams and on the sole but these ones are durable and so comfortable you forget you're wearing them the shoe is all one piece so there are less seams to rip out and they are shockingly light.
B0071BWI1U Evospeed BMW Sneakers I usually wear size 10.5 US and 11.5 was going to be a perfect fit. Since they are still new, they might stretch over time. or I will have to put on thinner stockings. Otherwise great gear, very fashionable as well as compliments my 5-5eries.
B0071BWVYY Sweet kicks These shoes came in as described and look great.  Can't wait to wear them for Valentine's Day on the Vegas Strip!
B0071EAEFO Awesome Totally recommend this article, fits perfect, looks amazing one of my favourite pair of shoes, if i can say anything bad about them is that they get dirty very quik, but the material is also easy to clean. The colors are the same as the picture the design were jus what I was looking for.
B0071EAEFO I love it! I bought these shoe for my little brother for his birthday and he absolutely loved them! They fit great and are excellent for indoor soccer. It is a shame he likes them so much, that he doesn't want to actually use them to kick the ball around.
B0071EAEFO Legit Light Lightest shoes I have ever had.  They have very little for support b/c of this but that is understandable.  The tongue of the shoe is very odd and rarely stands in it's place b/c of no attachment area.
B0071EAEFO Puma soccer cleat The best and comfortable sneakrrs I ever have. Everybody look them and like the color. I am going to buy in another color.
B0071EAEFO my kid loved them my teen son loved them. I was surprised at how light they were, like they were made of nothing, and I fully expected them to fall apart quickly. but they are still in one piece. he does rotate which shoes he wears, but they have lasted way longer then I thought.
B0071EAEFO No complaints Pros:Sizing seems correct, good grip on floor, decent sweet spot.Cons:I'm not a huge fan of the tongue, but it's not a deal-breaker.I've had better indoor boots, but I've had worse ones, too. A solid shoe for the price.
B0071EBGNS Cheap plastic feel The seller shipped quickly and was fine.  The product itself leaves a lot to be desired.  The shoes are not comfortable, the tongue has a cheap, sharp plastic feel that bites into your ankle and foot at times.  I wanted a flash of color, which these have, but am disappointed otherwise.
B0071EBTCG Great shoes! Bought these cleats for ultimate frisbee, they do the job well and the break in period was minimal. Just what I needed.
B0071EBTCG Beware of Shoebacca Soccer boots were listed as Authentic Kangaroo leather, they are fully synthetic.  Due to a time commitment, I had to wear them immediately.  Shoebacca was not willing to replace them with the boots they advertised.  Not good business.
B0071EBTCG Good cleats They're a little snug, but my experience is that cleats are supposed to be.  There is room for my toes, which is more than I can say about my old cleats.  I expect that they'll be quite comfortable after they're broken in.The one downside is that I can't figure out what color of socks to wear with them.Also, it says that it comes with a cleat bag, and mine most definitely did not, so I'm a little disappointed there, but I do like the shoes.UPDATE 7-24: They rub on my achilles tendons and are leaving some minor blisters.  I think that'll go away once they're more broken in (and when I don't play for 2 hours straight in them the first time I wear them).
B0071F07VE Awesome! I just never expected it would be as such! I was somehow pessimistic about it. But I found it extremely beautiful from all perspectives.
B0071F0IN6 Great, comfortable and light boots. These Puma shoes are styled beautifully. They also seem to run true to size. I vary between 10.5 and 11 depending on the brand and model, so I was nervous when ordering 10.5 online. But they fit me very well (maybe a problem for people with wider feet).The Pumas are also very light and comfortable. These are probably my first football boots not to cause me any blisters on first use. I've enjoyed playing with them.The only downside is that they synthetic, as I would have loved the leather version but cost was a key factor for me.
B0071F0IN6 Great, affordable shoes for league play I am a goalkeeper for a men's league team and I needed some decent outdoor shoes.  These fit the bill perfectly.  I don't feel them at all when I am wearing them.  I generally have a tough time finding cleats that fit as I wear between a size 13 and 14, but these cleats seemed to mold themselves to the shape of my feet.  My toes are well protected, but not cramped.  I can run freely and I have no pain after playing in a 90 minute match.  The surface color did scuff up a bit during the very first game, but I don't care about the appearance of the boot.  These appear durable, although I have only worn them in 5 games so far.  You can't beat the price!
B0071F0IN6 Quality and Value These shoes are of sturdy construction, stylish and fit as expected. they are comparable to higher end brands, I am pleased I got these for my husband.
B0071F0IN6 Great boots These boots have been performing very well for me. I am on average an 11 and these in 11 fit perfectly, they were a little snug at first but the loosen up with use. I love them.
B0071F0IN6 Nice looking shoe but it blew out towards end of the season! For the price this isn't a bad shoe, but we didn't get a whole season out of the cleat because the toe box blew out.  Granted my son had a growth spurt and shoe was tight, but we were trying to get two more games out of them before the end of the season.  Unfortunately I had to go to Play-it-Again sports to get him a backup pair until indoor starts this Winter.  I found a decent pair of Nikes for $9.99 that were barely used and normally sell for $100.  Anyway, I would recommend these cleats for younger athletes that won't be too hard on the cleats.  If you play a lot of tournaments and regular season games then I'm not sure these will last a full season.
B0071F0IN6 puma men's soccer cleat Once again a uniquely design and colourful finish it fits very closely to my feet its so comfortable it feels like nothing is on your feet.
B0071F0K66 A little small but I just got these cleats and tried them for the first time. Overall they do the job. The fit is snug, maybe a little too snug as I've got a couple blisters from just an hour's wearing. But that is normal for first-time cleats and importantly my toes weren't pinched and I ran smoothly. They're thin on the toes, so when you get spiked you'll feel it.
B0071F0K66 awesome I bought these guys to use when I play paintball since I needed cleats and I wasn't looking for expensive one's since I knew they were going to get dirty and trashed easily but I will buy these guys again since the design is pretty cool too.
B0071F0K66 gets the job done This item was pretty good.  My only complaint would be that I did not realize how thing the shoe is.  It gives very little protection agains getting your toes stepped on.
B0071F1H9A Soccer Shoes Perfect in every way. Very comfortable. Great looking and compliments are always swormming in. I am very happy wit my purchase
B0071F1H9A Fell apart I bought this shoe thinking I was getting a deal, but in playing indoor soccer (on a gym floor, which is slightly harder on shoes), this pair fell apart after only 15 or 20 uses. The sole on the left foot completely detached to halfway down the foot, which made running goofy and hazardous for the rest of the day. The laces nearly ripped after only a couple uses. The finish on the toes peeled off continually throughout the time I played. The shoe was comfortable and inexpensive but cheap and certainly not durable.
B0071F1KYC Great Product My daughter picked these out and they were everything she wanted.  The site represented the sizing, color and style very well.
B0071F1KYC LIGHT WEIGHT and 1/2 SIZE TOO SMALL FORTUNATELY, I READ PREVIOUS REVIEWS. This helped me to choose the right size.  My 13 year-old wears an 8 1/2 medium in athletic shoes.  I purchased and 9 medium and it is a good fit.  The shoe is lightweight and there is no padding in the toe area--hopefully this will not be a problem.  For the price, it is an O.K. buy.  Of course, I would feel better if this purchase were no more than $25.  I received the item fairly quickly through the mail and the shipping was included through Amazon Prime--no problems there.  With the discounted price, I expected a much better cleat that just happened to be on sale.  What I got was a medium-Quality shoe for a price that I normally expected to pay including shipping.
B0071F1KYC They are what they say Sizw was just what I wanted, very good looking very fast comingthe feel great whwiwle playing soccer mold to your foot easy
B0071F2DOS content The color is perfect and the size is exact, it is excellent quality and reasonable price. it costs me 35 bucks.
B0071F2DOS Very Good Cleats They're light, which I love, and very durable, as I have been using them at least once a week and up to three times a week since they arrived, and they've held up very well.
B0071F2DOS EXCELLENT!! These PUMA soccer shoes are excellent and arrived very quick.I appreciate your fine services and will buy again.MT
B0071F2DOS Tight, nice quality, great ball control I have just played with these one hour, so I still have to test them for their resilience by using them more, but overall I am very happy.These soccer shoes look very well, are very tight (I bought a size 10) and build quality seems good. They still have to resist many more games, so that is still to be evaluated, but I used them a couple of days at home to get them used to my feet and then took them to the artificial grass.There I can say I am delighted. They are a bit tight, but thanks to the previous use they did not cause any issues with my feet. What I noticed is that they help ball control a whole lot, I noticed that by lobbing the ball a couple of times with precision, three or four long assists are proof.If these costed 35 bucks would be 5 stars without a doubt.
B0071F2DOS After return - great I'm usually a 10-10.5, but these were a tad small at 10.5, so I had to opt for the 11's.  After receiving the replacement pair, I can say that these are light, comfortable and well worth the money.
B0071F2DOS about the boot The shape is nice and the colour very beautifulAlso I mean the shape is strong when you play not damage
B0071NUWD4 men's velcro wallet My husband could not find a new velcro wallet to replace his old, tattered one so I went on line to amazon.com & found a Puma one close to the one he has. I didn't give it 5 stars because it is a little smaller than his old one, but it does do the job - he's pleased.
B0071QJ2PK it hurts in the back of the ankle I don't know what to do because they are realy nice, great quality and colors are cool, but it hurts on the back of my daughter's ankle!
B0071QJ2PK Puma Benecio Glitzer Fantastic shoe!  I bought it for my daughter to wear to school.  It is very comfortable, versatile, and, so far, durable.
B0071QJ5GQ Very cute and the girls loved it! I liked these shoes so much I wish I brought two!  They have had it for over a month and it already looks like it was run over by cars!  My girls do not complain about the fit and believe me my younger one would have something to say if they were uncomfortable!  The pair we got were fine and cost $24 no the $34 that is listed cvurrently!  We love them!  Happy kids, Happy mommy!
B0071QJ5GQ uncomfortable Very stiff shoe. Not like any of the other Pumas I've purchased for my daughter. The heel was narrow and hard, and it cut into her Achilles tendon area.  Turned out to be wasted dollars for me since I couldn't return them after she wore them, however briefly.
B0071RGGYY Just what i expected Shoes were pretty, just what i expected fit perfectly i couldnt find these any where else turned out i found them here
B0071RGGYY puma I love those shoes but I order them twice and they were to small the second time so make sure you get them big but I don't like the fact that my son walking And to have a solf bottom
B0071RGWAM Adorable! These shoes were absolutely adorable! They shipped and arrived quickly, and have received so many compliments!! I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone and everyone.
B0071RGWAM Puma for Little Feet These sneakers are just beautiful!  What can you say about Puma? Quality, construction, beauty, wearability.  My only issue with ANY children's shoes/sneakers online, is that if you do not know the specific designer/manufacturer's size range, it will be hard for you to choose a perfect fit.  The Puma sneakers seem to run a bit smaller and more narrow in toddler size range.  The sneakers are beautiful, comfy and as usual, Amazon delivers on time or earlier than you expect and packaged beautifully.
B0071RGWAM Love the style The shoe is really great and she says comfortable and she can says she can run fast.As a parent my biggest complaint was the straps they are kind of hard for her to manage which means I'm helping more then not which defeats the purpose of me choosing Velcro.
B0071RGWAM Looked like they would fit a 6-7 yr old New mom here. I guess I thought little kids was for baby/toddlers but it's not. These went back. Looked like they would fit a 6-7 yr old. Nice color and design though
B0071RGWAM These sneakers are adorable. They run true to size, and look good with all kinds of outfits. Very girly.  Will be great for Spring and Summer here in NY.
B0071RGWAM disappointed I purchased these for my nephew not realizing because it was not advertised  that they were "sparkly"....more for a little girl.  kinda dissappointed.....
B0071RIL74 too hard on the top the material on the top of the shoe is too hard and hurts since it is not comfortable for kids
B0071RIY44 I love them Lovely and very beautiful shoes for the baby. Well made. Convenient to put on and take off. Supplied in a plastic blister pack with a zipper. Suitable for a gift. I recommend.
B0071V44LW Great looking It's a great looking, well made "wallet" although I would not call it a wallet.. it's more of a mini-purse, a little big for a wallet, bbut I like it anyways. Has enough space inside for all the cards, ids, cash, zipped pocked inside as well. Overall good stuff. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is, because it's too big for a wallet, especially that it has that stripe on the side for holding/caring on hand thingy.. Wallet woul not need it, little purse - yeah, why not.
B0071V44LW Goes great with my new purse Got this along with the purse, and they go great together.  Wallet fits nicely into the purse and has room to hold everything.
B00721GPCW Excellent Narrower than usual shoes, very easy to clean and to match with other outfits. Will definitely stick to this one for a while.
B00721I2JG True to size, but not as nice in person. They seemed true to size, but they looked nicer online than in person. We returned them because we thought they were ugly.
B00727EJIS Cell Tolero 3 These shoes are ok for a wide foot and do not have much of a foot bed.  They are a little stiff and therefore not as forgiving for a lot of activities.
B00727EJIS Personal Preference I like the shoes, but not the color. The picture brings out the lime green and yellow, but the actual shoe doesn't look as distinctive as pictured. I'm returning only because of the color issues, my personal preference.
B00727EVWM My daughter won't take them off They fit perfectly.  Great support.  The picture shows the shoe exactly, no surprises when they arrive.  She is sleeping in them!
B00727EVWM Puma Cell Tolero 3 V Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Black/Bright... My son had tried theese snickers on in the store, but they did not have his size.After ordering theese online, we recieved thim in two days and he is loving them!We had free shipping/ no tax, so the price turned out to be less had we bought them at a store.The fit is comfortable and they are well made. My son puts them on/ adjusts fit himself with the velcro straps.I would definetly recommend theese.
B00727EVWM THEY LOOK REALLY CUT ON THEY WERE BIGGER THAN WHAT I EXPECTED BUT ARE OKAY. MY DAUGHTER LOVED HER NEW PUMA SHOES. I HAVE ALWAYS BOUGHT HER PUMAS
B00729PH1Y Great pack From its style to its seams, this backpack is fresh to death. Feels pretty well made, just be aware of its dimensions. This backpack will really only fit the younger crowd, you probably won't be able to make it work if you're looking for a college/high school backpack.
B0073FRPX0 Weird fitting shoe I wear a 14 D - even in other PUMA shoes, but this 14 D was simply not like the others.It was shallow at the instep and narrow for the stated size. Not sure what happened with these....it's a shame, as it cost me a discount code that I probably won't get back!
B0073G9NNO awesome.price Awesome price, awesome product. When the time comes, I intend on purchasing replacement(s) item when needed. Asnlong as pricing is consistent.
B0073G9NNO Junk..... I am a track coach, and bought these on clearance for one of my runners who could not afford them. The first time he ran with them on the track, 1/2 of the spikes fell out! Literally came flying out! When we tried to put them back in, we found the threads were stripped and they would not hold any spikes at all.They really are junk I am sorry to say. They were not worth the $20 they cost me. If you buy them assume you will need to use them as a spikeless track shoe.
B0073G9Z4Q no miracle worker these shoes are rather cheap looking, they twist a bit the foot when you ran, almoust like they are made for pronators,except they are not. overall they are well enough coushioned and can be used for gym. wouldnt recomand them on concrete. for that use asics,the old models,they protect the feet better. would not purchase again. if you have knee problems,avoid these puma
B0073G9Z4Q Puna Package was deliver very fast,very happy about that. As for the sneakers I got I can't  give a review I just only wore them once , they seem to be ok
B0073GAUC2 Much lighter than others in the Complete series. I like the light weight of this shoe and because of that there isn't as much cushion in the sole as I'm used to with others in the Complete series, and thus why I rated it with 4 stars instead of 5.
B0073IO2VK Not good for serious runners. I bought them for the price. They are generally attractive, but don't support my 3 mile run 5 times a week. I use them for no impact work at the gym now and they are fine for that.
B0073IO2VK Perfect for exercise classes Skeptical of the low price.  But after reading other reviews, decided to try them.  Turns out they are as everyone else stated.  Ordered my size, and they were a perfect fit.  Very comfortable right out of the box.  Wear them frequently to both Zumba and kick boxing.  Great shoes!
B0073IO2VK Comfortable, but fell apart. First off let me say these shoes are ridiculously comfortable (which is why I'm so upset about them falling apart). I had only wore them twice to take my dog for a walk around the block, and I loved them. I felt like I could walk forever in them, they are very light weight, and supportive. Well I went to go running in them on my treadmill, and I felt like I was stepping on something, I kept looking on the ground and I didn't see anything, I looked under my left shoe and the bottom black part of rubber was hanging off! I purchased these particular shoes because they are Puma and I expected them to be higher quality, I was wrong. These were my first pair of Puma's and they will be my last.
B0073IR6PE These Pumas Rock! These Pumas are better than any  Nike's. I have  bought  great  for riding  mountain bikes crosstraining . etc  these  Pumas are  outstand ing  ,
B0073IR6PE It is everything everyone has said before It is everything everyone has said before. Light, comfortable, stylish. I do not regret buying this product. That is for sure
B0073IR6PE Comfy & light Just what I was looking for! They fit well, are perfect for an evening jog, or for a run on the treadmill....and affordable too!
B0073IR6PE I love this shoe Sleek enough that it looks good on a woman and is not clunky. More comfortable than most sneakers/fashion shoes and goes with anything casual although I wouldn't buy it in other colors (I have Black/white). I'd buy it again but Puma seems to have stopped making this model.
B0073IR6PE Boom for your buck! Bought on sale! My husband is very pleased he paid less than $40 for these. They are esthetically pleasing &  comfortable. The yellow trim gives it that perfect suddle pop of color.  Couldn't be happier.
B0073ITVP2 Bought it as gift As far as I know, the person who received the gift loved it and will wear it as part of their Summer work casual.
B0073ITVP2 HI QUALITY PUMAS LOTS OF REFLECTIVE MATERIAL, GREAT OVERALL LOOK WITH OLYMPIAN GOLD  USAIN BOLT FLAVOR,COMFORTABLE,CUSHY BUT STILLFIRM ENOUGH FOR LONG RUNS. YET, AFTER 20 PAIRS OF GREAT FIT  PUMAS @8.5  THESE ARE LITTLE LOOSE. SURE WOULD BE NICE IF THERE  WAS UNIVERSALLY CORRECT SIZING FOR ALL ATHLETIC GEAR ! OF COURSE THAT MAKES SO MUCH SENSE IT WILL NEVER HAPPEN.
B0073IUO62 Like them I like them.  They are a little stiff when you first wear them but so stretch a little after some use
B0073IUO62 They are purple... not blue.  I expected the shoe to be as described, white, blue, aged silver, but the blue portion is actually purple.  They fit snugly and provide good heel and ankle support.
B0073IUO62 Tight and uneven Tight in every direction--probably by a half size.  Cushioning seems to be pretty good, though.  Forgot that I needed less leather in the upper for breathability.  This shoe is pretty much an ALL leather upper so I cannot see it having any breathability whatsoever.  There was also an issue of quality regarding them being uneven.  The left one was significantly thicker/higher than the right one.
B0073IV9FM Totally love these These shoes are stylish. I changed the laces to green, you could too if you fancy. I am going to try gold/yellow next.
B0073IVJFM PUMA H-Street i have 3 pairs of this brand but they are old and need replacingthey are the Best shoes i have ever had as they are very comfortableunfortunately PUMA do not make these any more (and that is a shame) but some stores around the country may have some inventory.
B0073IW118 Not bad, but I doubt the authenticity of this shoe This shoe is use for training in the gym. With the size of a little guess. Footwear is one size larger than usual. I liked that when walking is the front of the ventilation - not hot. I have little doubt in the authenticity of shoes ... on the bottom in some places tread glue ... Details seats are not made carefully ... but in general, if you do not look closely - shoes looks
B0073J7FK4 great gymbag stylish and unique. Wife is very happy. Also affordable so i am very happy! Big enough for soccer gear or just going to the gym
B0073J7VFS Gift for nephew I picked this up as a gift for my nephew, who has a larger laptop without a carrying case for it.  Given the 17&#34; capacity and the fact that he can also use it as a travel bag for sleep-overs, it will get plenty of use and from initial appearances, it should be able to handle it well.
B0073J7VFS More bang for your bucks Looking for PUMA backpacks, I stumbled upon this one and I liked the design and the amount of space it has for my textbooks
B0073J7VFS Comfortable backback, multiple uses I'll start by saying that this is a solid backpack.  It is sewn together well, and I have not had any trouble with loose strings, or anything falling apart.  This backpack can be used for skaters who need a place to put their board, general use, or even a laptop backpack.Personally, I use this backpack for work so I constantly carry a laptop.  There is a good amount of padding in the laptop slot, although there is not a strap over the laptop slot, which shouldn't matter unless you plan on hanging upside down.  It securely holds your laptop in place.Pros:Place to keep board (for skaters)Solid stitching, not likely to tearSlot to keep Ipod/etc.Laptop slot with good paddingMultiple zip up pocketsZippers have extended rubber gribs to make it easier to grab and zipCons:Side pockets only have 1 zipper, so you cannot put a water bottle in or it will fall out.No padding on the strapsAll in all, it is a great backpack and well worth the money!
B0073J7VFS Love it really comfortable! At the beginning I had my doubts about this model but once I used it , they disappeared, it is really comfortable, It doesn't feel like you are carrying a big laptop and other stuff inside (seems really light).
B0073J7VFS High Quality Backpack Nice, High Quality backpack that I will feel comfortable carrying my computer in when I travel. And there is plenty of room to haul along the accessories.
B0073J7VFS Great Ridiculously sturdy.  When I fly, I only take one bag, and this backpack has yet to show any signs of stress&#8212;and trust me, it has seen plenty of reason to.
B0073J7VFS Lasted the whole year! This backpack is strong enough to have carried some very large and heavy nursing text books without anything breaking or digging into the carriers shoulders. If you want something that will last the year this is a great backpack.
B0073J7VFS Great backpack at a value price Pretty and sturdy backpack at a value price that I bought for work on short term projects in Washington DC to stow my stuff and it works great with several zippered compartments.
B0073J7VFS Good backpack Just received this backpack great value for the money I paid 20$. Overall nice mix of style and durability. Haven't worn it much yet but seems comfortable.
B0073J7VFS ROCKING !!! Quite unusual . I like the camouflage look it stands out . also love the compartments.. awesome product by PUMA
B0073J7VLC Only three compartments I bought this pack and it is okay- nothing too great about it although the color is quite nice. I used to have a hurley skate pack which is about 2&#34; larger and had way more compartments but this one carries my books (college) and a water bottle just fine. I got this one on sale for $25.00, I would never had bought it for the full $60.00.
B0073J7VLC Backpack for the packer This was a great bag ( was stolen a few weeks after I got it) I loved the massive space inside. It had smart zippers, little loops to allow zipping and unzipping easy and quick. I did get it for a steal on Amazon but know the price is obscene or not available anymore. I do want another one.
B0073J7VLC I love my new backpack. Why?-It looks great, better then in real life (it's a bit boyish, and I'm a female, but I still love it); my boyfriend was jealous, I might have to buy him one when his backpack gets old.-Very sturdy material-Roomy. I fit my 19&#34; laptop + other school materials in here, no problem. No bulky look either-Comfy; granted my shoulders still hurt from carrying heavy weight, but it doesn't hurt as bad as the other backpacks I've hadI adore this backpack and would buy more, if they had it in different color.
B0073J87QU Nice product It is a average backpack very light And well made I got the blue one, the shipment went without problems
B0073J8SG4 It arrived before estimated shipping it is a massive and great product it fits and  it is cosy.i get it in a perfect condition before estimated arrival.I am satisfied with this shoe.
B0073JM59K Not what I expected. Item arrived on time.  But I think for the $35 it was just too much to ask for.  The quality was not what I expected and they were very uncomfortable, they actually hurt.  Enough said.
B0073JM59K Gold Laces Rock! These shoes are awesome. They fit true to size and very comfortable. The gold laces they came with make them look even better!
B0073JM59K fashionably fabulous Like them alot, got them a Lil too large , but overall they are sweet. like that they included extra set of shoestrings
B0073JM59K Great shoes. I'm only saying that they're somewhat small is because I have wide feet, thanks to my Doc Martens. They'll stretch out after about  a month. Goes well with EVERYTHING. Yes, even suits... but try to go simple on the suit.
B0073JMIMO Bigger than it looks bought this and it was big but, I'm able to take it on my frequent travel trips and put my laptop, and I Pad and Purse in it :) and thats my carry on.
B0073JMIMO Unfair It started as $30 when I added it., then after probably a week it become 60 dollars, I don't think it's fair. I was about to buy it today but after I saw the price I change my mind
B0073JOH7I LOVE it It is everything I wanted this product to be through its pictures.  Can't wait to explore Europe with it :)Thank u
B0073JOKRA Nice! Bought this for my S/O for Christmas-she absolutely loved it. Scored major points wiht her, and her gal pals. Treat the leather with a protectant to make sure rain doesn't spot it or wears it down. Seller was prmpt and courteous. Bag arrived well wrapped and protected.
B0073JOVS8 excellent product! I bought this product for my mom, she loves it. Easy to carry, the strap is adjustable and have enough space for keeping her stuffs. Fully recommended.
B0073JOVS8 super amplio me fascina es super amplio y comodo, siempre lo utilizo, es amoldable, tienes varios compartimientos... i like so much !
B0073XDY6Y Good value I bought this for my mom and girlfriend some months ago and by all accounts they have no complaints. They often comment on how comfortable it is. So I guess 5 stars for comfort, style and well durability since they shoes are still going strong after frequent use after a few months.
B0073XIHRA Too small I am a true size 8.5.  This pair felt like it was a 7.5 or a narrow 8.  I could barely squeez my feet in the shoes.  Had to return the item and exchange for a size 9.  After filling out the return questionnaire on Amazon, I realize it didn't offer expedite shipping & a place for me to put shipping address.  Had to send Amazon a seperate email to remind them that I need it in overnight shipping and to a different address.  Got a call next day that size 9 was sold out & they offer me a shipping tag over email to print.  I was very surprised when I looked at my band email that night that the seller has already refunded me the same day.  Wow!
B0073XIITC SNUG FIT A little tight. I'm hoping they will loosen with wear.  Leather is a little different than I'm use to. I was expecting a little snug because of the support feature. Keeping fingers crossed because they look great on me.
B0073XIITC Loved them! I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and soft for being on my feet all day long. The only thing I would say is I thought the color was a little more coral and it came a litte reddish orange to me, but other then that I have no complaints.
B0073XIITC favorite shoes finally a leather/plastic leather? shoe over the toes that doesn't look like a nurse shoe ...versus the mesh material that are so popularno my feet do not overheat in these........wipes clean after the dogs step in mud (and god knows what) and step on my feet...repels water in the rain bettercomfortable to run or walk in
B0073XIITC So Many Choices I was interested in replacing my old light blue Pumas. I decided I wanted white. Then started seeing all the neon sneakers out on the streets, so began to think I was being too conservative. As u can see, I ended up going conservative with a splash of red. I love these sneakers, they fit great and look terrific. They're not bulky and heavy looking!. The feel light and flexible, and don't make my feet look twice their size. These Pumas were the right choice for me.
B0073XIITC Got it for mother She loved it!Perfect fit,Feels smoothbeautiful bright colors!Although the price seems a bit too much in my opinion, I would still recommend these shoes
B0073XIITC Readily accepted Fits well.  comfortable.  Little more white than I wanted but price right.  Would also like to see a wide width version as well.
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Tazon The shoe looked like I expected, only problem was I needed 1/2 size larger, and it was not avaiable.  Return process was easy enough.
B0073XIITC I love them and plan to buy more! It's hard to shop on line and wonder if it fits.  I deffinately fits for size stated. I am very satisfied!
B0073XIITC CJ's opinion... These Puma's are lightweight and very comfortable. I believe anyone that wants a comfortable and lightweight shoe will be very pleased..............
B0073XIITC The wife reports these are a bit on the snug side. Not small enough to return but just a little snug. I'd expect them to stretch a little after some use and fit just right.
B0073XIITC They just don't fit correctly... I am not thrilled with these shoes.  They are stiff and my foot lifts out of them when I walk.  I know I can't return them because I've used them but I am not happy at all with them.
B0073XIITC Wrong material Fits good, but the problem is that the material at the site is leather and synthetic. But it is made of synthetic, rubber and other materials (I can see it on the shoes). I am very disappointed with this fact, it was very important for me to get leather shoes((((
B0073XIITC Comfortable and cute! I never order shoes on line.  The reviews said to order a 1/2 size up, which I did, and I was glad.  Good looking shoe and comfortable .  I kick box and do yoga.  Looks great with Yoga pants and works well in Kick Boxing!
B0073XIITC Not very happy I was a little disappointed when I got them,  I was so excited just to see them,  they were not what I expected,  there are marks on them,  and the logo on the side is fading,  and they are a foam like material,  impossible to clean,  wouldn't have purchased if I knew all this
B0073XIITC Fantastic I needed new comfortable shoes to wear around as my pregnancy goes on......hopefully these will help with any swelling that may occur.
B0073XIITC Support I think they are adorable, that being said I don't think there is enough cushion in them for me. I am an X-tech and on my feet all day long with lots of walking after wearing this for a day or two I had shin splints. I am not sure if it's because I am a heel walker or what. I tried walking on the balls of my feets and it seemed to help. I wore them to zumba and they were ok.  I put arch supports in them today and trying them to see if this helps.  I am just not for sure that they were the ones for me.KarolynKansas City Mo
B0073XIITC tight I love the shoes but they are a little tight around to sides of the toes. They pinch and after some time the begin to hurt.
B0073XIITC not sure how to review these shoes They fit.. .. .I wish they had more support because I can't walk all day in them without my feet hurting. .....but I can't get over the description of leather and synthetic.  Then having the description change to synthetic leather?  really?!!!!  I think that's a bit odd, but maybe it's just me.
B0073XIITC happy customer I have always liked puma and these are no exception, they fit perfectly and the color is fun. I have been very happy w/Amazon and will continue to shop for best prices here.
B0073XIITC Disappointed in condition I purchased these shoes and they arrived today. I took them out of the box to try them on and as soon as I looked at the right shoe, I noticed the sole is peeling from the leather. I hope that this is an isolated quality issue, and that once I return them and get a replacement, I will love them. I didn't even get to try them on.
B0073XIITC Super comfortable I am very happy with the appearance, support and color of these.  The fit was perfect.  I have never worn Puma brand before and was a little apprehensive about buying them online - but they are a perfect fit!
B0073XIITC It is not for long distance race I run 3-4 hours in a mountain area. It hurt my foot. I am a marathon runner which means I need special kind of shoes. It is ok for walking. It is pretty nice.
B0073XIITC not as good as I thought Compared to the pair of reebok slimtone I was fortunate to have gotten before the old slimtone style was discontinued (with the newer slimtone manufacturers from Vietnam), puma tazon is a disappointment. Harder upper and sole, and much heavier than my old reebok. Also fits on the small side. Shoe is nice looking nonetheless.
B0073XIITC Cute, like them, but small I'm definitely an 8, but these don't fit perfect. I want very much to like them, but after wearing them to work all day (thankfully I sit for 90%) of it, my toes feel like they're ready for flip flops. They are most likely just a little narrower than I'm used to at the toe.
B0073XIITC Could use a better arch support. Pretty comfortable, wish they had a better arch support, had to put in one in. Not sure if I could wear them all day at work in the Lab.
B0073XIITC Love it!!! Squeezed my toes only on the first day. Adjusted quickly though. Looks really well with wide leg jeans. I wear it for the snow mostly.
B0073XIITC Didn't fit me well Love the look and color of these, but they just didn't fit right.  Rubbed kind of funny on the outside of my foot.  Had never tried Pumas before, and was expecting good things, but it didn't work out.  Only docking one star, because it might just be the shape of my foot (though I haven't had this problem before) and they were comfortable otherwise.  And it was free to return them
B0073XIITC .... extremely comfortable shoe. I'm on my feet all day and usually go home with tired feet. With the cushion at right places they provide the support I need
B0073XIITC delivery was on time no mishaps. They are very comfortable. The with is perfect they've Run on regular size. And support your feet. Heels and arch.
B0073XIITC Comfortable I am a nurse and these are super comfortable.  I wear Pumas often for that reason.  I can also buy Puma and know they will fit.
B0073XIITC Perfect gym shoes Fit was perfect for my size six foot, I was able to put them on and go right to the gym.
B0073XIITC Came alreadt torn. Although the shoes fit normally, one of them was already torn. An eyelet was gone and the lace was tearing through the shoe. I had to send them back.
B0073XIITC Poor sole I only wore once i dont know if i can return them. The small  design in the sole was torn plus my size 8 is kinda small. I dont know if amazon can replace this since its been with me for less than 2 weeks. DONT BUY THIS!!!!!!!!! My 1st time to give review on a product:(
B0073XIITC Luv my shoes !! I normally wear 7.5 but I read a review about them being small so I ordered an 8 and I luv them!!!!
B0073XIM5W not what was pictured... I wanted these exact shoes... I got grey and teal canvas shoes... I am so mad right now I cant stand it! will be returning tomorrow! EPIC FAIL AMAZON!!!!!
B00754HMH8 Puma Men's Cell Oliz Running Shoe,Black/Steel Grey/Golden Poppy,7 D US Hello, thanks very much for this productthe model shoes is very nicethe Price is good for me thanks
B0076B8MFG wounderfu Puma shoe is comfortable, easy to wear, it is arrived as it was described on Amazon page, color is alittele shiny, quality is excellent, it worth the listed price, I believe that I would purchase puma shoes again and again
B0076D2OKI Sporty!! Great product. I a coach and the kids love it.  They all want me to get them one.  Get it if you like it.
B00772NHWW These cheats are great fits perfectly u can notice a difference when it ... These cheats are great fits perfectly u can notice a difference when it gets what since the outside is made of plastic
B00772NHWW Terrible Life These shoes are not even a month old are and falling apart. I'm extremely disappointed with this product, don't waste your money!
B00772NHWW What can you expect Cheap material, cheap boot. That being said for what I paid for it is an excellent product. If i'd paid a dollar more for this item I'd have been greatly displeased.
B00772NHWW The lightest and most comfortable cleat I've ever worn I googled the lightest cleats on the market and these evospeeds came up in the top 3 so I started shopping for them. I wanted all whites and was happy to fin d these for $80. When I received them they were a little big (I usually wear an 11.5 but I had to order an 11). They fit great and are superlight. No breaking in necessary so they are game ready. I still think Puma cleats are highly underrated. Don't always bite on the Predator and Mercurial hoop-la. Buy some Puma cleats.
B00772O5E6 getting better had a previous style in this cleat and it didn't make it more than one season. these are still going.  love the color
B00772O5E6 Good cleats This is my first pair of cleats and they worked out well. They were comfortable enough for me to play ultimate frisbee for an hour and I did not get any blisters (famous last words).
B00772O5E6 Pretty The cleats are very attractive, but they don't have very much padding. That makes them slightly uncomfortable, but other than that I love them!
B0077BWNFA comfortable well advertised, comfortable and as in picture, no problems nor complaints, look sturdy and easy to clean, well vented all around
B0077BXRKK Comfiest run ever I like the support of the Nike Huarache, but thought id change to the puma and these are perfect - light and you dont have to mess about with laces (and the cat doesnt scratch them up either!)
B0077BXRKK a1++ a super bargain ; it makes me feel like a young man once more ; this type is a pip
B0077BXRKK Puma Disc The puma disc came damaged. The disc which tightens the sneaker on the left shoe was not working. U turn the disc and it doesn't pull the wires which tighten the fit in a laces kind of way. Right one works fine - u turn the disc and it tightens the shoe but the left one wasn't functional.
B0077BXRKK Great shoes Ive been eyeing the disc blazes for a while but couldnt decide on a colorway. This is easily one of the best ones and had to add it to my collection.
B0077BXRKK Almost fantastic, but fundamental feature is flimsy Got the sneakers admittedly a little out of nostalgia but more out of the need for a new pair of sneakers that would present as little a barrier as possible to going to the gym.For this purpose they ALMOST worked perfectly. Except for the fact that the first time I tightened them around my foot, one of the plastic ties broke. I didn't tighten it unreasonably much -- and all of the other bands hold tight.The shoes have not become completely unusable, but the quality testing on this needs some work.
B0077BXRKK White material soaks up dirt most comfortable shoes on the market, but the material used for them was... just silly, why would anyone make a shoe out of a material that soaks up dirt like these do? expect them to get dirty in two days of wearing,,,
B0077BXRKK One word... comfy This shoe is soft and light, and i will be buying other colors. No down side I can comment on at this point.
B0077BZLB8 These are too cool. I'm just a t-shirt and jeans man, but for some reason the style of these shoes are different, but not flashy. Since they are green, I view it more flashy than any shoe I have. I tried them on and they fit perfectly.
B0077BZLB8 I love Puma Sky Always loved the brand wish they could bring back so colors from years ago especially the all red and white .
B0077BZLB8 poor quality These shoes are made poorly. They are uncomfortable and cheap. I would not reccomend these to anyone at any price.
B0077C0KYA Candy for the Feet Puma is one of the only major brands I support. If they only made BJJ gear. Call me CEO of Puma, I will take you to the promise land, or something like that. Super shoes.MOPOP
B0077C0KYA Trying to ruin them Got these because they were close out.  Pinkish shoe only was in my size.  So I took them on a forty mile hike, off and on trail.  They still look new, they even hold the water out surprisingly well.  I will continue to kick rocks while I hunt for quartz crystals.  Hope to wear them out, but it looks like it may take a couple of years.
B0077C0KYA Great! I would love these sneakers at regular price however for $26 and change is a dream!!! I primarily wear them casually with jeans or shorts but they are comfortable and light enough to run in if you wanted to!
B0077C1BN4 Came quickly and correctly My order came quickly and was the correct size and no problems at all.  Awesome.  And they were cheaper than Puma and had these shoes when Puma no longer did.
B0077C1BN4 Old School Cool updated White on blue was the standard in the 70's. Two years ago mulberry on purple floated my boat. Black/Quiet Shade/Blazing Yellow, more discreet. Oh...comfortable.
B0077C1BN4 i was so excited to see my sneakers but i was  quickly disappointed I couldnt wait to get these sneakers. The pictures online of the sneakers look soooo nice but when i opened the package they dont quile look the same...They definitley dont look they were made with the best material in the world and i would expect that they would be for the price and the brand. I dont think i will be purchasing anymore sneakers online.
B0077C1BN4 I LOVE THE SUEDE PUMAS These sneakers, laced properly, look absolutely beautiful. I own 9 different pairs, ensign blue & white, vivid blue & black, medievil blue & grey, high risk red, birch & grapeleaf, black & white, steel grey & black, quarry white & medievil blue and burgundy & white. All laced with 2 pairs of fat laces in each shoe. The trick is to heat up a screwdriver and enlarge the holes to fit the extra laces. It gives the shoes the perfect look if done correctly.
B0077C1BN4 Makes a statement without being too flashy I have wide feet. I ordered size 12 although I typically fit 11.5. That was a great decision because you'll want some space to hide your laces!
B0077CKYK0 Bad I always buy puma's from stores when they have a sale..and usually during sale you get a good dealThought I would get beer deals on net as it cuts store expense ..it was the reverse.The prices listed..never show up when you select the size..Make sure you got to stores than on their site
B0077CKYK0 Comfy Comfy, great street shoes.  Definitely like the look and feel.  Have gotten a few compliments already as well (which is always nice :)Also, for folks with bigger feet - I am a 14, and they don't look clunky or massive, which is often a problem I find.  They fit well for day-to-day use.
B0077CKYK0 LOVE THEM Just got these in the mail for my hubby (his Xmas present). They were sold out on Nordstroms website, and I was so happy to find them on here. The picture doesn't do these shoes justice, look them up on another site!
B0077CLH3I Very comfortable and sleek Being leather uppers, they tend to feel very tight when you first wear them. I actually developed blisters because they didn't stretch as fast as I am used to, but I chalk that up to me not breaking them in first. Afterwards, they are incredibly comfortable and they hold up quite well. They are easy to take care of and clean, and the stiching is solid all around. And you definitely can't beat the price!
B0077CLM2E Good shoes All and all, its a shoe. Not quite as dark brown as it looks in the picture, but not a problem to me. Its more milk-chocolate/light brown. Fits well for the size I got, right on.
B0077CLM2E Look good but fit quite tight in a size I always wear I've only tried them on. Will attempt to were them at Disneyland next week. Hopefully my assessment that they are a little small will turn out to be incorrect.
B0077CLM2E what i was looking  for Great price cool looking retro sneakers.delivered timely to my front door.better than going shopping .reminds me of a pair of Joe namath clydes I had in 8th grade
B0077CM29Q I actually love it Price was right. Fits as expected. Arrived ahead of time. Very comfortable. No complaint so far. I cant speak to the durability but just hoping that it will last a long time.
B0077CZI6K Perfect This shoes come in the same conditions you expect from buying from any show store....The material is genuine and not fake
B0077CZI6K Comfortable Solid construction and comfortable shoe. Quickly slip them on and your off in style. The price is also much lower than at any of the chain or specialty stores.
B0077PKLE6 Puma El Reylite Mixed Sneaker, Ribbon Red Speedy delivery, Puma factory packaging (each shoe is individually wrapped). nice fit, comfortable. bright color.I wore this out to a few places and got some comments from the youngsters "Yo, those sneaks are TIGHT!" "Look at those kicks!!"Does that make it cool and eye-catching? you be the judge. :)
B0078SEE2M Great sunglasses The glasses fit me perfectly, i have a slim face and they fit exactly as I wanted the lenses themselves aren't too big just the perfect size. The color is great not too dark with just a hint of green and the carrying case is really nice...it is puma after all. The glasses are unisex so if you're a guy with a big face i wouldn't recommend it....i have a pretty slim face so it fits me well.
B00795KALS Inaccurate descriptions I purchased these socks because the description said they were 80% cotton.  They arrived quickly and were the correct socks I ordered....but they were only 28 or 29% cotton.  I contacted the seller immediately and he was very pleasant, apologized and I was refunded quickly and completely (for merchandise and return postage).  I notice now the cotton content has been changed in the description for the product and for that...I thank you.  I rated a three because the customer service was absolutely excellent - even though the product was not what it was said to be.
B0079XE7NM order two and I get only one Order and pay two and sent me only one, I wonder what happened to my other article, because I pay but I sent him. Ordene y pague dos y me enviaron solo uno, me gustaria saber que paso con mi otro articulo, porque lo pague pero no me lo enviaron
B007A7TX0O Nice I love monoline! I returned this because I did not notice this was a youth monoline flat brim cap. But this product its great
B007A7TX0O Perfect for young child Perfect size for my 5 year old nephew. He is a big fan of Rickie Fowler.The path to success is paved with pavement.
B007CTSFRW Quality and attractive. I bought this for my niece, fits true to size and is made of high quality material. The color is very bright and bold. Holds up after washing too.
B007CTSHLG Great Gift I originally wanted to purchase this shirt from a major department store to match a track suit from the same brand. When they sold out I was very disapointed but turned to trusty AMAZON they always have everything you desire and I even found it at a much better price. My neighbors daughter was very pleased with this gift and looks cute as a button in her new outfit!
B007D2BN9K Nice Glasses I am a fan of puma apperal, these sunglasses were really cool for casual look or playing sports. When I put these on when i am behind the plate, it does not really interfer with fly balls when the mask comes off. The only this about these glasses is the material. Feels kinda cheap and doesn't really protect the sun from your eyes that well.
B007D42MP2 Great looking glasses Excellent product.  The only reason for the 4 stars instead of five is that the color is more of a goldish in person.  Looks more yellow in the pic, still great looking pair of sunglasses though.  I wear them all the time, I work on top of rail cars and they work wonders for me.  Would even like to get the other colors!
B007EVJLEO Puma shorts Shorts do not include inner lining.  That was not considered in the description of the puma shorts and it is important, at least for me.
B007FDVIDI Fit well, stay up I read another review which said they last a very long time. I hope that will be true!They fit very well, and the elastic varies across the foot of the sock. They're a little bit hard to pull on, but they seem to fit really well.I got tired of the WallMart socks wearing out so fast, so I thought I'd give these a try. So far, I'm happy!
B007FDVIDI airflow socks are very important in everyday life! these ones are nice and light, they also provide excellent Airflow so your feet dont overheat! i bought 3 packs so far and might get one more because there just so great!
B007FOSIJE Puma - Kids Boys 8-20 Ferrari Logo Tee, Black, Medium right size, right color and excellent quality. Excelent shipping time, I loved it , Puma - Kids Boys 8-20 Ferrari Logo Tee, Black, Medium
B007H91YW0 Its modern. I love it. Bcoz its make me comfort and cool.There's blue colour, feels like on the sky.Cool.Awesome.
B007H920U0 Puma Bubble Gum Watch My previous experience with Puma watches has been great and this model is no exception.I like the watches soft rubberized silicone case/band with its dark face and bright contrasting hour/min/sec hands.Puma also stands by their products with a better than average warranty, especially for the price point.I highly recommend the Puma PU102881003. The item arrived promptly from the seller in great condition.
B007IVNI26 Puma quality is great These kicks were for my wife and she really liked it.  They really look cool, just as in the photo and very comfortable as well.
B007IVNI26 Great Item, Just as Described This was the first Puma product purchased in several years.  I was pleased with the style, feel and support of the shoe.  I was specifically impressed with the deep tread of the rugged, lug-type soles of these runners, which I expect to be perfect as the running that I do often involves gravel paths.  I followed the sizing guide provided by Puma and the shoes fit exactly according to expectation.  My order was shipped promptly and arrived within a week of purchase.  I am very impressed with Amazon's customer service as well as Puma's product.
B007IW7LLE Great walkers!! These Pumas are exactly as described, fit well and comfortable on first walk!Always prefer leather for comfort - very light weight as well.Amazon purchases continue to amaze with satisfaction of purchase, expedientshipping and quality products.I always read the reviews prior to purchase.
B007IW8NJS Stylish It's comfortable and stylish. I like the color and the designed. It feels a little small at the beginning but after awhile it fits perfect. They should have more colors.
B007IW8NJS Comfortable and Great Look Have been VERY happy with these shoes, and I'm kinda picky because I have flat feet. I can insert my custom arches and wear these w/o my heel slipping out. I took them on a trip to Europe and wore them all over the place with comfort. Totally worth the buy!
B007IW951S just what i needed these shoes are comfy and cute! i have a summer job where im chasing down kids all day so i wanted sneakers that had support and a bit of style. they are comfy and don't cause any pain than any other regular shoe or standing for long periods of time causes on my feet.  side note:the fabric has dye that runs off for a bit but the company warns you of that and it only occurred twice  so if you're gonna wash em make sure its by hand or nothing is in the washer with it.
B007IW951S somewhat large It is somewhat large, it is not that usually look tis sie. I like Puma's shoes a lot and I never had any problem  size, but it is n excepcion.
B007IWIH1W Great hoes These (like all Pumas, in my opinion) run a little long. That being said, I love them, and wear them to work often. I've gotten many compliments on them, and am very glad for this impulse purchase.
B007IWKBK2 It's okay It nice and simple. A great fashion piece if you want to wear a summer dress with simply yet classy sneakers. The fit is ok as well however you have to choose a half a size larger. I'm an 8 and I bought an 8.5. Puma is funny that way. Their sizes are very inconsistent.
B007IX3572 too tight Humn first of all these shoes arent for long walks n second too tight around my toes im living abroad so didnt bother to return them anways whoever has a bit wide feet like me should go for one size big
B007IXCZZU Thank you! Shoe looks just as pictured and arrived promptly, thank you for the positive amazon experience!  I wear anywhere from a ladies 8 to a 9, and the size 8 fits perfectly.
B007IXCZZU Not leather!!!! I returned these shoes immediately!  They are NOT leather, as advertised.  The entire shoe is man-made materials.  Very stuff, almost no padding on the soles.  Definitely not as advertised!
B007IXCZZU Sleek They are sleek and well fitted to the foot. It is like wearing a ballet slipper, except obviously, you have more support. It makes the foot look small and neat. We bought her regular size and they fit just right.
B007IXCZZU somewhat too small when you walk, back of shoe slides off, it is not comfortable at all. donated the shoes to goodwill. just wore them one time
B007J39P2U awesome jacket great puma quality! love that the jacket is styles exactly like the away jersey that italy wears. lightweight and comfortable!
B007J3GCR6 If the shoe fits... Sneakers are comfortable, stylish, and lightweight. The only complaint I have is that the soles are extremely slippery when they are wet, on virtually any floor surface.
B007J4AVMW Love them. I'm a 12 and I ordered a 12.  They fit perfectly.  Great quality and comfy.  I really like them and their classic style.
B007J4B1QM stylin Package arrived on time. Very pleased with the shoes- super comfortable and stylish!  Packaging was good- even had both black and white laces included: black looks better.
B007J4BK6I Lifelong Puma Guy I've been wearing the same Puma sneakers since High School. Well not the exact same ones, every once in a while I buy new, but same model. Suede Classic Eco Sneakers in black. I bought these to switch it up a little. If you are like me, you should know this model seems a bit more narrow than the other Puma models. But, they seem to be breaking in relatively quickly. Other than that, they look real good; the picture doesn't do them justice. The all black look makes them a little more versatile than the black w/ white stripe that I am used to. I just wish the soles were black too, I think that would be a great improvement PUMA could make to them.
B007J4J2G8 OMG These looked even more dope when i got them. it got here on time and they fit so well. gotta get the white ones next!
B007J58WA4 Tiny loves it too My son Tiny usually wears a 14, or 15. This fits him really comfortably. The perforated leather upgrades this from previous canvas design, and looks both polished and casual. And blue shade is his fave. Perfect for those who are not cognizant of finer points of sartorial elegance. There is no tongue to look askew, the band actually provides some additional support as well as providing structure. Mom did good. Price was very welcome too.
B007J58WA4 Puma El Rey L. I had these in fabric for years and loved them. I was excited to see the leather option. They fit perfect and Amazon offers fast no hassle shipping.
B007J58WA4 This is Puma? The sizing was so far off that I couldn't believe it passed a manufacturer's inspection. Back to the drawing board!
B007J599HY "WOW" Great fitting Boot! just what I needed well order two more pairs for my father and son. Must have feel good on my feet.
B007J599HY Water resistant It was a fantastic climbing shoe and good ankle support but need to be more water resistant for those rainy days
B007J599HY Nice looking boot This style of boot exceeded my expectations...appears well made and looks good in the olive green.  The green was my third choice because my shoe size was unavailable.
B007J599HY cool boots been looking for a comfortable and stylish boot the can be worn casually or dressy. and alsoto match my olive green leather coat.  hit a home run with this purchase
B007J59M8A Perfect the shoes are totally perfect, I like them. The quality, design and, of course, the comfort the offer are incredible
B007J5A6OE 4x4 I love this boots somuch that I buy my self anotherone because they are so constable to where. I was worry for a minute..I though that puma did not meke them any more
B007J5A6OE Manufacturing Defects This item has manufacturing defects in the seams of the tongue of the shoe, this different skin color from one shoe to the other. The walking is fantastic softness and but for these defects would be a good buy.
B007J5A6OE puma boot Bought this boot for my husband and he loved it. It's not a true BLACK color is has more of a dark grey color and the Puma detail is silver, it definitely has more canvas than leather and he wishes the tongue was a little more sturdy and that's the reason for 4 stars all in all he is pleased and would recommend this boot as it is STYLISH and COMFORTABLE...
B007J5A6OE Style and Fit They feel as good as they look. I own lots of Puma sneakers, but these boots are comfy and stylish. Wow
B007J5AFKO Puma lovers Great buy if you want style in your profile, smooth in your walk and talk as you leave the scene.
B007J5B2QU Awesome I bought these hiking sneakers for a recent trip to California and used them to stomp around Yosemite, Sequoia, and Joshua Tree national parks. The grip is absolutely fantastic - I used them to climb up and down rocks and never slipped once. The shoes are also very comfortable and require little to no breaking in. I would definitely order these again.
B007J5K734 Great artistic, funky design. Not as comfortable as I had hoped. This is an attractive shoe that is not as comfortable as one would hope. Despite how funky the design is, I had to return it. It was slightly loose. And the sides cut into my feet.
B007J5K734 I like the style I like the style, but my feet are wider and the inside cutout rim gets into my big toe and is too tight. I was thinking about returning these shoes.
B007J5L1H0 AMAZINGY LIGHT! They are super light! They look fairly heavy duty.  I love them!ProsCostLooks greatDurabilityWeightConsMesh
B007JAN2PO I'm a Puma convert This is the 2nd pair of Pumas I bought in as many months.  The first was the Fast Cats.  The two things I love most about Pumas are 1) they fit like they're custom-made for your foot, comfortable like a second skin, and 2) they come with shoelaces that are a reasonable length - unlike most sneakers that feel they have to supply you with laces the length of a garden hose.  Both my white Fast Cats and these black Future Cats get compliments all the time.  The black Future Cats, in particular, when worn with jeans &#34;elevate&#34; your style from merely casual to stylish, honest.  The way the laces are off-centered give a Euro vibe.  The little Ferrari insignia and racy stripes on the side, which are Puma's trademark, lend a sense of movement - like you're wearing a little black sports car.  You won't be sorry with the fit or style.
B007JASSKI Perfect pected time is arrived at, the product which is described as. I have used it and are very comfortable, recommend
B007JASSKI all I ware are Puma's they fit, and look great. The Puma wave on the side is made of cloth and dirty's easily and is difficult to keep clean other than that there  awesome.
B007JASSKI none i like it for a gift becauseit was a little small for my feet but other i like everything else
B007JASSKI Dual Purpose!! Great shoe! I've gotten the most attention wearing them in a nightclub vs strolling in the park! Slightly narrower than expected, but all-around satisfying!
B007JASSYO i like that excelent product , I liked very much and I recommend, are of excellent material and look greatand one of the things I like is the silver, as the name says, are the future.
B007JASSYO Absolutely BEAUTIFUL When I first saw these shoes, I added them to Cart, I paid for them and then I realized that I&#8217;ve bought them. The reason why? This shoes are so sexy that every that every single person that see them have to look down to know what are they, that grey color with the pattern at the back are so rare and unique, they are really comfortable , one thing I don&#8217;t like, is that for me, since my foot size is 11 when I wear them it&#8217;s tight and I have to put on a really thin sock be make it less tight. I really love them.
B007JAT2EY size is small by compariso to an European product Choose beause of the name..I associate Puma with quality.  Less well made than usual and would wear out very quickly.Nevertheless still an attractive looking product.
B007JATJWE too small the design is not made to fit all feets. too small the design is not made to fit all feets.  I have bought other stuff like this by internet, but this time it cause an issue for me, the design is not for all feets, so despite it was my size I cannot dress up those, so I have to sell those, but nobody likes this.
B007LWLZZ4 Quality T-Shirt Sometimes the quality of the shirt is very thin and you can tell corners were cut.  In this case that is not true.  The shirt fit as expected and the fabric was heavy and durable.  I am also pleased to have a shirt with a Monster on it, most Ducati shirts have the 1199 or Diavel.
B007M6AH2Q Son's ecstatic over these cleats My son tried several types of soccer cleats for wear during his senior year.  After settling on this model, he was very pleased with Amazon's quick delivery, allowing him to receive that cleats prior to his team's next practice and has bee very pleased with the fit and how the work for him on the field.  The plastic molding has several key design points where the molding allows the shoe to break naturally - this means less stress on the toe and more accuracy in ball-handling.  He was very happy with his purchase.Unfortunately, two weeks after purchase, the right cleat separated from the boot - from the toe to the ball of the foot.  I was less than satisfied with the approach taken by Puma, by Amazon continued to meet my expectations in handling returns.  Completely satisfied with Amazon's response to the situation.
B007M6AH2Q Puma Evospeed K Leather Have not played with it as yet but feels great..lovely material.. just as described by the seller. great packaging..i would recommend..i bought it because in comparison to other thugs i have bought.. the model has a stronger base to me.. kina hard tho.. but the inner sole of this boots if u were to take it out ull see it has extra padding a the bottom of the inner sole..extra comfort.. so im already satisfied by seeing it.. :)..
B007M6AH2Q great fit Was looking for new cleats for ultimate. hued puma was good so thought i'd try them out. After a season of pick up ultimate playing in rain, snow, dry. I def like the fit better than the other cleats that i have gotten. i don't get the rub on the side of my big toe.
B007M6AH2Q Poor Quality After recieving the items and my son wearing them twice, they stated to come unglued where the leather meet the sole.  On a positive not, Amazaon customer service was great at returning them.
B007M6AH2Q smaller than evo speed 3 but the k leather is great It is a little bit smaller than my previous evo speed 3, but it fits my feet when I wear thin socks. The k leather is great
B007M6AH2Q Top-class These boots are top class. Great, soft K leather (which covers all of the boot area above and in front of the Puma logo; the rest of the boot is a synthetic leather that matches the feel of the K leather remarkably well). The leather is just a slight bit thinner than true heritage boots (think the King Finale), but the quality, touch, and lightweight feel are first-class.The boots fit extremely well from the start. They should fit a bit snugly at first but quickly stretch nicely to a perfect fit. The boots have an anatomical toe shape that really hugs the small toes and fits my slightly wide foot perfectly.Soleplate and mixed conical and bladed studs are brilliant. The Sole flexes just slightly at the forefoot but is nice and stable, while the studs provide perfect traction on the relatively firm fields I play on in Central Texas.The padded insole and synthetic suede heel make the boot really comfortable, as well. No stud pressure, even on the aforementioned firm Texas pitches.If there is one downside to these boots, I'd say the thin K leather may wear out a bit faster than a true heritage K leather or a calfskin, but I think if they're taken care of they will wear just fine. I've worn mine biweekly for a couple of months and they still look pretty good.
B007M6B9A0 Amazon customer rating. i have really wide feet and my feet are to cramped. I like the style and color. would like to get a size 11 if possible.
B007M6B9A0 AAA I bought them for my daughter and she's very happy with them, comfortable and everything is as described in ad
B007M6BCZW Comfortable and Sharp These shoes are great! They make your feet pop with the vibrant color scheme. The thin sole makes them a pretty flexible and comfortable shoe as well. I was originally going to buy the Powercat 3.12's, but the finish on the shoe was glossy and it appeared to require a bit of maintenance to keep their look. These, on the other hand, share the same color scheme, and don't require the same amount of upkeep to look sharp. If you're considering the purchase, take it from me -- they're worth it!
B007M6BCZW Either a knock off or just poorly made James TurmanThe shoes arrived in the allotted time, but the quality and fit were suspect as soon as I put them on. For $30, my expectations weren't very high, but these are the kind of shoes found at the flea market masquerading as the real thing. I would not recommend them.
B007M6BCZW Happy teenager again She loved it online and even more when she got it!! Comfortable and vivid. Fit was great and it matched most of her funky color style.
B007M6BCZW it was ok, I had what I wanted it was ok, I had what I wanted at the time that I required..I loved it..it is perfect productWJ
B007M6BKT0 Great looks, great feel, somewhat tight at the toe box These boots are really nice looking (less flashy than many others), and I got them in synthetic (leather is an option). They provide good footing on grass and artificial grass, have a stable footing and are really really light. Good ball contact as well. They feel sturdy but are somewhat smaller than expected. I generally wear 14, and got these in 14. They fit OK (in any case, 14 is the largest offered) but the toe box is somewhat tight. Nothing that will stop me from using them though.
B007M6BKT0 GREAT THANSK FOR THE DELIVERY TIME, IT S FITS PERFECT, THE PRODUCT WORKS AND SEEMS LIKE THE ADVICE, THANKS AGAIN ,MARIANO
B007M6BQXK Puma Men's Evospeed 4 FG These cleats are great, they are lightweight easy to work the ball with.  I like the material they used around the heel.
B007M6BQXK Comment I really like it. It is my desire and order. Thanks and always make people to be happy like you have made me.
B007M6BQXK Great Cleat I bought these cleats to play both Soccer and Softball. They have exceeded my expectations! Very light and stable shoe. Shipping was fast and easy!
B007M6CB3E Puma is back Puma is back after the disappointing line of v1.10(in my opinion) and an improved v1.12, the new evospeed line fulfills the promise of a light responsive shoe,I am no stranger to Puma since v1.06 turf , v1.08 trainers and Puma King Diego trainers. It fits to size, the leather touch gives u a very good feel to the ball, plus it looks very good.
B007MAYD2C cheap fabric....will not last My daughter had numerous holes in the mesh fabric on the toes within the first 2 weeks.  Very cheaply made.  Beware!
B007MAYD2C Love the sparkle shoes Purchased as girl sneakers.  Looking for a product that was girly and functional.  They go well with leggings and casual dresses.  The side has a tear after a few weeks of wear but it goes unoticed due to material type.  My duaghter is rough on her shoes.  My only complaint is I don't think you can wash them because of the material.  I will be looking into it.
B007MAYD2C Glitter and pink Perfect shoes for my daughter look is very girly,  but they are athletic, she has them in both colors, they go with everything and she says they are comfortable.
B007MAYD2C Fun and stylish! These shoes are even cuter in person. The sparkly threading add fun to any outfit. I get so many compliments on them. They are so unique and stylish!
B007MAYD2C PUMA does it again My granddaughter had these Puma's, but with the laces.  We took her to view cherry blossoms in the park and one of the restroom buildings had recently had construction/updates done.  We did not know we walked her through TAR! So I re-ordered these with the velcro straps.  They are so comfy and well constructed for the little growing feet. The way they sparkle in the sun is just precious. Not a tacky looking glitter, they look like they are sprinkled with diamond dust!  A real winner that matches most little girl outfits and keeps their little feet comfy on long day trips!  Thanks Puma, and Amazon for the sale price!
B007MAYD2C Disco Bubs! It's cute. But there was a HUGE mud stain on the shoe that we are unable to get rid of so we are kinda disappointed to receive it. Unfortunately we shipped this shoe overseas so it doesn't make sense to pay so much for shipping to return it back to the seller in the US. *Sigh*
B007MAYD2C Very shiny my daugther loved it. Canot comment on durability, but in the case of smal kids they will outgrow the shoe anyway before it is weared off.Main focus for this age is the looks, in this ground the purchase was exact the right one...
B007MAYD2C We can't get enough of this shoe! This shoe is the best ever! We are on our second pair! Our daughter loves them (because of the sparkle), she leaves them on, gets excited to wear them, and they go with everything! We initially bought them from a retailer in our mall paying $45 for them Amazon $25 plus shipping still cheaper! You can't go wrong with these shoes!Last summer my daughter was playing at the park and the shoes got scuffed which I thought for sure the scuffs were there to stay. My husband had mild shoe cleaner and the scuffs came right off and the sparkle stayed. We have had no problems with the mesh ripping but I'm confident if we did that Puma would make it right.Give them a try!
B007MAYD2C Mum and daughter both agree on this one At this age, we disagree on many fashion choices but this was one we both like. As good or even nicer than the pictures! Looks well made and like it would support those growing feet well. Will continue to buy Pumas (this is our 3rd pair)
B007MAYD2C These are the best! We love these shoes! They have stood up to my 6 and 8 year old for months now in school. My 8 year old chose white Puma's for returning back to school and they didn't make it very long. I knew I shouldn't have bought white but she was excited about them and they were on clearance. So I decided to buy these. I am so glad I did! While they didn't stay perfectly black, they are intact, Velcro works and they are still cute. I also can trust Puma when it comes to size. I bought these a half size up and both girls are fine. My oldest actually told me they help her run faster in gym :)
B007MAYD2C puma steeple glitter v sneaker in steel gray Adorable, versatile, and durable.  My super girly daughter loves the sparkle, and I love that the sparkle is actually part of the fabric, not glued on sparkles that get everywhere.  I love that they can go with a dress, leggings or whatever.  Much better quality and cuter in person than the photos.
B007MAYD2C Even Cuter in Person They are even cuter in person, they are very sparkly!We have washed them, and the sparkles don't come off!
B007MB1QVM Stunning Sparkly Silver Pumas for little girls Okay, these Pumas are GORGEOUS.  The glitter is superb, they absolutely sparkle like diamonds in the sun!  My granddaughters adored these sneakers!  I say that in the past tense because this weekend we went to see the cherry blossoms in the park, construction had been done on a rest room building, and they got covered in TAR!  Bummer!  Came on here to order the exact same pair for her, cause she'll accept no others!  They really are beautiful, super comfy, fit like a glove and please God, let there be another 11.5!
B007MBU5VE Trendy My son loved the sneakers and , as usual, has run them into the ground like all his other pairs - boys !Next time I would set them aside for more special occasions rather than everyday use.
B007MC1CHE Sleek style. I always like to purchase pumas for my daughter. The only thing I would say is that they look purple in this picture and when I received it was blue but other than that I love them!
B007MC1CHE Great for new walkers The picture look purple but they are definetly blue.  I love these because the sole had a little give and it was perfect for my 1 year old.  He had no trouble walking in them and they were not bulky.  Very happy!
B007MC1CHE Dreadful - fell to bits after 3 months This shoe looks great and we initially were very happy with it. After 2 months the bottom came off the shoe - we glued it back together then a week later the whole side split both shoes were after 3 months completely unwearable. I live in Australia and therefore shipping to return would be costly. Very disappointing and a waste of money.
B007MC1CHE Happy daughter Our daughter is well pleased with these sneakers. She likes the look of them, they are comfortable and she particularly likes the reinforced toe so she can kick things.
B007MCNL6O Feedback Though the shoes arrived (5) days later of what we expected our daughter really liked them. Great price and stands out from other brands we have previously bought for her. She is already excited to going to school with her new shoes. The only problem was that we requested the (2) delivery and we didn't get til (6) days later. I don't know what the problem was this delivery. Just takes away from the enjoyment if had received it before this date. Anyway great product for a reasonable price is my reason for (5) star(s) rating . Delivery?
B007MCOO24 Buy a little bigger Extremely comfy and light, but the slip on area is not as generous as I would have liked so just round up when buying. It's been three weeks if wearing and they are perfect for my three year old. She gets compliments wherever we go. These would be great for all ages and I hope they make them in my size!
B007MF7IRY Love my pumas Totally like them they ferl so winderful ..And i recommed them to all .. Great price And very beautuful .
B007MF7IRY Supercalifradulisticexpeallidosious!!!! The absolutely best fitting shoe I've every placed on my feet!!!!!!! And on top of that, a significant savings over any store price, between $99.00 - $115.00.
B007NCECBQ Don't bother So incredibly uncomfortable. I bought these by mistake. I had tried on my sister's Puma Espara which are incredibly comfortable and thought these were them. Big mistake. The mesh on the top of the shoe is so hard and cuts into your foot. There is nothing that can be done to make these more comfortable. If you like the look, please buy the Espara shoes instead of these. Your feet will thank you later!
B007NQ658A wife loved them my wife loved them so much I bought a pair for one of my managers.  really sharp shoe, pretty in pink
B007NQ658A the fit was odd there was extra space across the width of my so every time i kneeled down, the space would gap out from the side of the shoe.  also, the shoestrings ALWAYS untie.  i have had these shoes over 1 year and i always have to re-tie them everytime i wear.  ive had to double-tie the shoestrings now..
B007NQ658A Confortable as well as stylish These are one of the most comfortable puma sneakers I own. I walk a lot and these are perfect for walking a lot in the mall or at an amusement park. They fit comfortably and do not scrape my heel like other shoes do. They look great with jeans as they do with shorts. The price is perfect, have seen them in stores for $20 more!
B007NQ658A Exactly as Expected Item arrived exactly as the photo and description indicated.  The sizing runs true.. I ordered my usual size and it fit perfectly.
B007NQC2OQ i like are as we expected but the size was not, we were a little big so it was replaced by otherI just hope that if they do send promotions with sealed box or report they sent some kind of discount or promotion because during the course gets lost
B007NQC2OQ somewhat small the straps don't reach all the way and the ankle slides off when I walk, I wore them once, and put them up to donate to goodwill
B007OX4Y12 new favorite sweats what more is to be said these are my new favorite sweats they fit loosely around the legs, not hot.
B007OX4Y12 SO COMFY Bought these as a present for my husband, but I steal them occasionally because they're like wearing something knitted from cloud nine, mother's love, and kitten tummy fuzz. Very cozy, nice length. They've stayed soft through lots of washing. Their only drawback is a tendency to shed fuzz all over the wearer's legs.
B007OX5YDO Primary red puffy Puma jacket Comfortable & warm. I love the white stripe & zipper detail. The internal pocket is a bit chintzy, but that is the only failing. I want to order another one just in case anything ever happens to the one I'm wearing.
B007OX5ZJM good quality i travel a lot..i used this jacket during winter..no problem..its a classic jacket..no need to worried about old fashion..this jacket always maintain..RECOMMENDED
B007P0Q516 Puma's always #1 in our book A great looking track suit and fit perfectly. Pumas always wear & wash well and perfect color combination for little girl.
B007P0Q64M &iexcl;execelent product! The product fit my daughter very well and without problem super comfortable, the fabric is super fresh for days even caloroso not mind my daughter being Flannel Shirt
B007P0T0XQ Didn't fit quite right. I had this type of shirt before and it was awesome, this one however did not meet the same standard.  The fit was off, the shoulders stuck out.  I would stay away from this seller or shirt style unless you are buying off of a rack somewhere and are able to see the quality.
B007P1CGWM They are Ok but Thes shorts are ok, but be carefoul, they are fare more longer that in the picture, im about 1,75 mts and they look like basketball shorts to me. Besides that, the shorts are nice looking and confortable.
B007P3O1OG Wide Foot Hurt my feet after working about six hours into my 12 hour shift. Not a comfortable full-time WORK shoe. Great for cutting grass, very small lawns of course. Waste of money.
B007P3OLOQ Finally a boot that fits Amazing fit. So happy to find a larger sized boot ie size 9 which fits skinny legs and doesn't look like a gumboot.
B007P3OLOQ fake? i have several puma boots. these do not resemble puma quality and the materials resemble typical knock-offs. if these are real puma boots, you fooled me. sent em back. just awful.
B007P3OLOQ Loved them! My 17 year old daughter loved these and has received many compliments on them. Very comfortable and good on the ice.
B007P3PQHC Love the boots I bought these to walk in snow this past winter and they work great. The fit is just as it says.
B007P3PWUS Perfect and confortable Super soft, light and confortable. and they fit perfectly. I really really love them. Gonna wear them a lot from now on :D
B007P44GBI PUMA Size true "M"Price expensive compared to some products and modelsFinally surprised of color .... Is displayed in the siteAnyway I am satisfied
B007P4L4L8 Nice and thick This model of Puma velour is just what I wanted. The velour is soft and of a good quality. Not thin like the other variations made by Puma. Husband wears a 2-3x, this 2x fits fine in both length and waist. Highly recommend this model.
B007P4L4L8 Sooo comfortable These pants are so soft and comfortable, its too bad I can't wear them to work. The workmanship is first class and the rubber waist is thick and sturdy. They do run true to size in the waist, but they also run very long as well. If you're over 6 feet it will be perfect, otherwise you may have to have them shortened.
B007P4L4L8 Sold out SOld out before i could order like 4 more pairs. Great fit and soo.. comfortable. If they become available I would order more for sure
B007P4L4L8 comfortable Very comfortable. The waist area is only slightly stretchy (you need to tie the drawstrings in order for the pants to stay up. I personally prefer this over having a very tight elastic band. The waist is very big on me and I could easily fit into these pants if I had another 50 pounds added to my belly. I have to tie these tighter than they were intended, but they do not bunch up or look bad at the waist as you might expect).They were a bit long on me as well, as I expected after reading the other reviews. I had to hem a couple inches off. I would have preferred a men's XS or boys large 14/16, but I could not find them anywhere (in black). I was able to find some boys large 14/16 gray colored Sean John velour suits on Ebay that fit perfectly (without any alterations), but nothing in black.Overall very happy. I wish Puma (or any other brand) sold some black velour pants in men's XS or boys large. I checked out Puma's website and a number of other places but was unable to find them in my size. I usually wear 28x28 or so in jeans I think. It's been a while. I prefer comfortable sweat pants :)
B007P4L4L8 Navy blue color too light My husband wears these around the house, but if I'm going to nitpick, the color is a really light navy blue, to the point where the new pants look a few years old.  The length is probably 4 inches too long on him (he's 5'11&#34;), but better too long than too short.  If these were for me, I would send them back, but he will wear anything.  He likes the pockets.
B007P4L4L8 Warm and Fuzzy I enjoy wearing these pants.  They are nicer looking than average sweat pants.  They keep me somewhat warm.  The only issue is they're larger than expected.
B007P4L4L8 Not enough velour in our lives! man, I love this velour tracksuit, it's wicked comfy, and I feel like a 90's rapper, lol! buy one now!
B007P4L4L8 Fun to touch You might need to have these hemmed because they come with a lot of extra length to accommodate all sizes of people, but this is a good thing. That means everybody is covered. Good thing I have your mother to do this for me. The excellent, wide waistband is a sign of quality. The extra large is a perfect fit for a waistband of 38 to 42 inches, but they can accommodate a little bigger or a little smaller if needed. Extremely comfortable and soft, these could become your favorite pair.
B007P4L4L8 Too loose Material is very comfy, but the cut is voluminous.  It's not about the waist size, it's more that you could use these pants as a tent.
B007P4L4L8 Had to get them hemmed I'm 5' 7&#34;  about 160lbs so I bought small; I still had to get them hemmed and raised about a good 3 inches.  The waist is perfect.Other than that they fit and look great and are really comfortable to wear.
B007P4L4L8 Too long They are several inches too long.  If I pull them up to just under my nipples, they are the correct length, though.Bob
B007P4L4L8 Sweet The waist is true to size but the thighs could use a little more room.  But other than that these pants are super comfy!
B007P4L4L8 comfortable enough for a cat to wear... great lounging pants.  VERY comfortable and well made.  NOTE:  they run very long.  if you are not well over 6 feet you will need them shortened...  (size medium)
B007P4MT4Y GREAT QUALITY AND STYLING I thought a might be paying too much for this shirt - - until I received it. The QUALITY AND STYLING are totally in-line with the price and I'm very happy with the the product...
B007P4O2LM Totally worth it For the price I got it, it totally meets my expectations.The materials feels comfortable, very soft.More of a casual wear, not for any activities.
B007P4O2LM very soft!! The most soft and comfortable jacket I have ever had. High quality made, also 4 pockets, (2 inside).  Highly recommend!
B007P4O2LM The softest, most comfortable jacket you will ever wear The material is creamy soft, nice and thick, and the workmanship is first class. The rubber around the bottom and sleeves is thick and very well sewn. The zipper is heavy and sturdy. This jacket runs true to size around the chest, however the sleeves are very long and so is the jacket. It is best to read the &#34;size information&#34; chart before you buy because the sleeves cannot be shortened very easily with their rubberized cuffs. (I imagine a good seamstress could shorten the sleeves, but it may not be worth the expense). If you're tall with long arms, this will fit fine.
B007P4O2LM soft and stylish I love Puma in general and this product worked perfectly - it is very comfortable and fits snugly on the body.
B007P4O2LM Feels good but doesn't fit well The velour definitely feels very, very good but it doesn't fit well. I bought the small and it runs larger (especially around my arms).It's thin but the velour makes it look thicker.Features two inner pockets and two outside zippered pockets.
B007P4O2LM It's large I am not sure if the sizes from Puma are a little different. I usually get 'M' size, but this one is larger than one expect. I had same experience when I bought track pants from Puma at Amazon sometime back. This purchase makes me think twice before doing any cloth shopping at Amazon.
B007P4O2LM Great for relaxing....very comfortable  and cozy I purchased this Puma Velour Jacket and the Pants for my husband for Christmas.  Both items fit perfectly and are so soft to the touch.  Received both items quickly and on time.  We are older seniors and, at this stage of our lives, we value comfortable clothing.I'm sure I''ll be ordering from this vendor again.
B007P4O2LM Sweet I got my fianc&eacute; this velour track suit for his birthday and its all he wants to wear.  I think the jacket runs true to size if not a little tiny bit small.  Awesome zipper pockets too.
B007P4O2LM Perfect When i bought this jacket i did not expect it to be so warm and soft when i put it on i felt so comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone who likes comfort.
B007P4OF5A Why did I wait so long to get this Wow so comfortable and warm.  I would buy it all over again, in fact I rarely wear anything else and really only need a ski jacket other than this awesome hoodie.
B007P4OF5A Want one for myself! This was a gift for an 85 yr old gentleman who is always cold.  I honestly couldn't tell you how it fits because he didn't try it on.  But when he opened the present everyone there oohed and aahed over its appearance.  It's gorgeous!  And such high quality in material!  A lot of us made a pledge to go online to find the same hoodie and order one for ourselves!
B007P4OF5A awesome for the price I purchased two of these(grey and white) for $30 total. other sizes weren't nearly as cheap but the two XL's I purchased are very high quality hoodies and fit as expected. steal at that price point.
B007P4OF5A Excellent for the price. For around twenty bucks this is great especially for cold weather. It's very warm.I bought it for quality but I wish it was logo-less or maybe a smaller puma logo.
B007P4OF5A Great Jacket It's super warm on the inside, and awesome PUMA style on the outside. It's one of my favorite winter picks
B007P4OF5A It's for colder weather, but very nice I bought this hoodie for summer nights in California when it is in the 60's, but the Sherpa lining(like sheepskin) makes it much too heavy for that purpose.  But, it will be great for those colder winter nights.  I need one that is unlined.  Met all my other expectations and is quality made
B007P4OF5A Bad A$$ for the Price! Fits like a dream, feels amazing & is quite warm.I think I got this on sale for $49.99, so for that price plus free shipping: this thing was a winner!100% satisfied
B007P4OF5A Great Hoodie I gave this Hoodie 5 stars for the design and price. I liked how the arms of the Hoodie is not lined with Sherpa, it doesn't give that bulky feeling around the arms and shoulders. I would definitely recommend this Hoodie.
B007P4OF5A Warm and Comfy Really like the lining- the arms are a satiny smooth material and the chest, back and hood are lined with the warm sherpa fuzzy stuff. Great in the winters after the gym or just for walks outside. 6&#34;, 170lbs and medium fit perfectly, as usual with Puma gear.
B007P4OF5A Awesome! Love it! It's super soft on the inside and it's warm and comfy. I LOVE it! It's a great alternative to a fleece, it's actually warmer than my Columbia fleece jacket. I am using it as my "in-between," before I pull out the winter jacket.
B007P4OF5A somewhat large for me I'm pretty tall 6'2 and the arms lenght is alright but the size of the chest is huge hehe, after that, GREAT quality very comfy to wear
B007P4OF5A it is so confortable i like it because its kind of thick yet not so hot like it looks, great price also, i like the puma logo
B007P4OF5A size corresponds! size corresponds! height 180, weight 80, size L. perfectly came up! Free! fur-super! quality, super! height 180, weight 80, size L. perfectly came up! Free! fur-super! quality, super!
B007P4OF5A Super Soft Loved this hoodie! Very soft and right on size. Bought it super cheap, so Yay for me!  Would def buy again!
B007P4OF5A great and comfortable for $14 This hoodie is great, soft and comfortable.  The sherpa lining is pretty awesome, although it does not line the sleeves, just the hood and body.  Too bad that only the 2XL was on sale for the cheap price since I usually wear a xl, but $14 for a Puma hoodie, even if it is a little baggy, is a great deal.  I like the full zipper for easy-on/easy-off.  I've been lounging around the house in it since I got it and it's been perfectly comfy and I've loved it.
B007P4OF5A Soft, comfy and Warm! Soft, comfy. warm, and stylish!!  The fit and finish are perfect and the sherpa lining is extremely sofy just like the out shell.
B007P4OF5A Average looking in person The fit is okay and the material is not as good as my J.Crew sherpa. I'm 6' ft tall and slim and the medium is loose. It is okay on the shoulders but loose around the hips. So not the best cut design. Perhaps a S (small) would have ben better for me.But for the price I got it, it serves the purpose of doing work around the house and lounging around on a cold day. I wouldn't wear it for anything else.
B007P4OF5A Cant like it more Most of my clothes are L in US size but I choose a XL for the super cheap price. The jacket also fits me well. It is perfect.
B007P4ZEMI Nice Sweater This sweater was not cheap but lived up to my expectations.  Great quality, comfort, warmth, and fit.  My new favorite.
B007P52ZHY favorite This has become my husband's favorite tee shirt. Nice logo and fabrication. A tee guy will be happy with this one.
B007P5BBWY smart sweatshirt Very pleased with the sweatshirt, good fit, warm and dressy . Love wearing it. Would very likely buy more things from this manufacturer.
B007P5C2VS Not my fav top i don't get the front lose part ...it looks weird... The color is okay, i mean the shirt is comfy and all, but its not to be worn outside the gym .. not very flattering
B007P5FHHY Mercedes Benz Formula 1 Racing Tee If you are purchasing this item you are either a Puma fan, Mercedes Benz, and/or F1. Maybe all of the above.****White Tee-Shirt******PUMA for Mercedes Benz.I like F1 and I drive a Mercedes Benz. Puma always makes solid products so I did not think twice before purchasing this.The Tee Shirt quality is a bit better than your average Tee. The collar is really neat. It has a small but sharp design right at the center of the collar. I have never seen this on a Tee Shirt, maybe on a sports shirt, or soccer jersey.This is a shirt by PUMA for Mercedes Benz so it has both of their logs on it. It also advertises the official Mercedes Benz F1 sponsors.I did not buy the shirt because of my car or because I watch F1 steady, I bought it because it was a nice shirt.If you are reviewing to buy this item I am sure something about the T-Shirt interest you as it is.It is good quality. So far it has not lost any color or texture from being washed and it fits very well. I really like the physical collar design, I think you will to.Buy it.*****5 out 5*****
B007P5QIUE LOVED IT Great fit :). The jacket was exactly as described. Perfect for a jog and everyday wear! I would recommend :)
B007P5QIUE I like it Such beautiful blue sports wear . Touches so soft and wears comfortable. I like it very much. the size is just ok
B007P5QIUE Love the jacket - fit is snug I ordered the pants and the jacket in a medium.  I wear between a 4 and a 6.  The pants fit comfortably - I could probably have gotten away with a small.  The jacket is snug!  A large might have been more comfortable.  The medium is flattering, but tigher than I would have liked.
B007P5QU9S Too thick for me! I was looking for thinner material but ordered these because of the price.  These are better for winter wear because they are so thick (think thick sweatshirts and you will get the picture).  They were way too long for me.  I'm 4'11" and these were about 6 inches too long.  I ended up returning them.
B007P5QU9S Sizing not right Ok, I normally order a small in pants, I'm a 5 and small equals 4-6, however this fits more like a medium, just to big. Otherwise the quality and cut of the pants is good, looks like these will be going back to Amazon.
B007P5REYI Sleek Got this for a friend at Christmas time. She wore it as soon as she opened the present.Looks great on her.
B007P5S2JY Puma pants I would have chose the higher rating, but, this pants did not specify the length. However, this is a minor problem, and, I love the fit. Yes, it came before the estimated date of delivery, and in good condition.
B007P5S2JY Rocking velour trackie pant This are fabulously comfortable, warm and soft. the fit is good I normally wear a 5 and the small is perfect. Aside from being a little long in the leg but then again pants always are on me, I'm 5.5ft. As per the top, I  purchased at the right price on sale, yeh!
B007P5Y5WW Nice I love this hoodie and I am so glad I got a large because I like mine a little baggy and the large seems more like a medium compared to others I have.
B007P5Y5WW Pretty This is a pretty hoodie, but too form fitting. Super soft and durable. Prefer it to be bigger, I bought a men's one too which is perfect fit.
B007P5Y5WW Way too small This hoodie is excellent quality. It's thick, lined with soft fleece on the inside, except for the hood, that's cotton. It's definitely made for cool/cold weather. However, it is most certainly not true to size. I ordered a Large, since I like to be flexible in my workout clothes, and it looks and feels like a Small! Seriously. It's such a bummer too, because its such a great quality, even fitted and pinned to look feminine but it's a very tight fit. It's not a stretchy fabric either. I think I'll be wearing this as more of a dressed down casual look with jeans because I don't think it's workout material.
B007P5Z5DU Perfect for my needs Needed a quality hoodie for workout days as I really don't like wearing a bulky coat (just more stuff to carry). I saw this first on the site that begins with a Z. Price was little steep. Then I found it here, again a little steep. Found it at a certain retailer's "Rack" store for $20 cheaper and I couldn't be more pleased. The sleeves are kind of snug, so I bought a size up from my normal size which is OK b/c I don't like snug hoodies. It says black, but just like the photo, it's really a grey shade. It's just as neutral as black, though, so don't let that deter you. I am so happy to have found this.
B007P5Z5DU Puma hoodie, Size M Usually I wear size S or XS of pants, but..Too tight at the bottom.Too loose at the top. Hoodie doesn't cover the neck, so you're NOT protected from the wind , etc. I returned this item. Sorry, Puma, it's not your best trial.
B007P5ZFZS Arms not as long as pictured. I love this jacket.  It feels like i am wrapped in a nice comforting blanket.My only complaint is, in the photo it looks like the arms are extra long, but they are actually too short.  By my own admission i have unusually long arms, but i was still surprised at how the arms didn't fit.  I am 68&#34; tall and my wing span is 71&#34;.Everything else is wonderful, the material is soft and warm.  The color is spot on to the photo.  The pockets are extra big (this should make up for the shorter sleeves.), and the body length fits nicely.I can't wait for it to be cold in 2 days i can wear it to work!!
B007PK5T0Y No Response from Distributer # 1  I contacted this seller 2 times (2) weeks before the shoes were even sent out from the facility. He did not respond until AFTER he sent them, knowing I needed a size change. The shoes look great, but if they don't fit...what use are they? I have been too busy to send them back and will not use the seller again considering he chooses to not respond!
B007PK5T0Y Don't Tread on me! Not a good experience from initial order to having to retrieve them from a driveway in the rain(Not Mine).  The redeeming factor was after a delay being credited back my money.  Oh did I mention they were 3 sizes to big!
B007PK5T0Y Sixe runs small I ordered a 9.5 for my daughter for Christmas. They fit her feet but just barely...kind of a bummer, oh well.
B007PK5T0Y Not what I expected I ordered 1/2 size bigger based on reviews and I should have ordered a full size larger. I was going to return them but the cost of postage plus their restocking fees (Which are not explicitly stated when you buy them), added to the postage cost I spent to get them, would add up to more than the cost of the shoe, so I'll give them to charity. Besides being smallish, I tried doing my morning walk in them one day (without the spikes) and ended up with a horrible backache since they are balanced different than a normal sneaker - through me out of alignment or something. I guess they must be only for running - maybe they are balanced right for a runner. I'd wanted the spikes for walking on ice when the weather's bad, but I don't intend to wear these sneakers ever again. (I'm not a runner, just a fast walker)
B007PK68MW super comfortable you can feel the air in your toes really breathable really comfortable!! they were a little smaller than i thought they'd be i usually wear a 5.5 so ordered them a 6 and they were still a little snug they have stretched out a bit now that I've worn them awhile.
B007Q36ALC Velcro came off within the first month of use Love Puma in general and have bought the light up sneakers for the boys earlier which lasted a long time. These looked great on the website and my son loves everything Ferrari so I went ahead and splurged. Did not expect such poor quality. These were larger than expected to begin with but I figured he will grow into them. When he finally did manage to wear them the velcro area became all fuzzy with threads coming out in the first week itself and it came right off within a month. Very disappointed. Unfortunately I was past the return point so I couldn't send it back. The other pumas I had bought have very good quality velcro straps so I wonder if these are knock offs or a very bad design/quality choice by Puma.
B007Q36ALC Very fashionable Puma really design shoes that does not go out of style, I bought this for my son and I like the way it looks.  It fits just right, never hear any complaints about it.
B007Q36ALC Looks cheap Quite disappointed with this sneakers. It looks way better on the website than in reality. The Puma picture print looks fake and cheap and the general look of the sneakers looks like its not an original product. Only the packaging was nice.
B007Q36ALC Excellent Received on time for Christmas. Size perfect. But quality is so and so . They get scratched very easily by active kids. They are not heavy duty
B007Q36ALC Great product We got exactly what we were hopping for.This is the third one my son has got of this brand.
B007Q36ALC Perfectly fine The shoes are lovely, i was a bit concerned from the reviews i read about it but when i received it i loved it and it fits perfectly. Many thanks for Amazon.
B007Q36ALC Nice shoes Velcro already coming off and this was a Christmas gift, which it's only been two months.  The velcro was actually coming apart since last month (January).  That's why only 3 starts.
B007Q36ALC Excellent This puma covers all the expectation we have of it. The colors and quality are perfect. And we receive it on time
B007Q36ALC Nice shoe for Toddler! They look great, and so small. Getting these at twenty bucks made it worth as a gift for friends. They will not wear these out as they grow out of them in a few months, but boy ... they are fantastic.Looking for a gift to make somebody happy and appreciate the Ferrari brand - buy this!
B007Q36ALC Fell Apart These shoes look great, and I've always been a fan of the Puma brand, but this shoe simply fell apart. The velcro didn't last a month, and, while the shoes themselves still look great, they are useless because the velcro was so cheap. It really kind of sucks that I can't return them, because I bought them on 02 December, gave them as a gift for Christmas, and it isn't even March yet.
B007Q36U4Y my son loved it Nd he is happy to get it on time nd the product arrived perfect.I totally recommand it, they do send it on time that wat I really love that it is on time
B007Q47Z9M Made for thin feet They are beautiful and extremely well finish, we got the same shoe for my eldest (7yr old) and they look great and apparently is super comfortable but the toddler sizes come in the smaller side, I recommend ordering 1 1/2 to 2 extra sizes, we are bummed that he couldn't use it right away and are in the process of returning it for a larger size.
B007Q48118 Sport shoes It fix perfectly well for my son and he is using for schooll. The only thing that I would change is the BMW logo because is only painted
B007RFLJL0 Well shipped and great looking as described well packaged and very strong with a great case as well. Compared tom ore expensive glasses these are a deal
B007RUV686 Puma - Kids Baby-Girls Infant Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set, Pink Puma - Kids Baby-Girls Infant Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set, PinkPuma - Kids Baby-Girls Infant Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set, Pink
B007RYDSWE Boyfriend loves his Puma Gear Bought ths shirt and other shirts, sweatpants, and Puma shoes for my boyfriend for his birthday.  He's a devoted Nike wearer, but had to admit that the shirt was very comfortable and stylish (for a workout shirt). It fits true to size, as do the other Puma products I got him. Great price too!
B007SI1WWW Overpriced but sleek looking Nice, sleek looking, elegant. So, if you want to be in 'style' that is OK. And ready to pay $50.On the other side: :-( the dial face is plastic - get ready for scratches( you can polish them later), the battery you will replace eventually, only 5 Bar water resistance ( to go under shower or swim in the pool/sea you need at least 10 Bar).Would it cost $20-25 with a shipping that would be reasonable price.For comparison look at one of Casio, like Casio Men's WS200H-1BVCF Tough Solar Powered Multi-Function Digital Sport Watch.($28)Solar (battery forever), mineral glass - you need work really hard to scratch watch face, and it is 10 Bar water resist.. So judge by yourself...
B007SI1WWW slim and comfortable I like the look of the face, very sleek.  I have small wrists and it fits well.  trying to figure out the timer and the chime options is confusing.
B007SI1WXQ Okay for the price The face is slightly smaller than what I expect but it's okay. Would have wanted it bigger for my wrist type
B007SJK51K Runs a little shorter than expected - but well made. Great for the school yard black rubber surface and for the child that beats up the toes of shoes when riding bikes.  Very happy on how it's holding up!
B007SJK51K Light weighted Beautiful and light my girls loved them. i thought at first it was going to fir my youngest but it didnt so i just gave it to my oldest
B007SLGLX4 are some shoes that are well suited to the child's feet I recommend them with closed eyes they loved my daughter. are some shoes that are well suited to the child's feet I recommend them with closed eyes they loved my daughter.
B007SLGLX4 Great shoe for my busy toddler! I am impressed with these shoes. These are the first pumas that I have bought for my daughter, and I have nothing but good things to say:-strong Velcro that she can't open-the 2 Velcro strips open in opposite directions which allows the tongue to fold up : putting a squirmy toddler foot is a breeze-the sole covers some of the heel and toe so minimal scuffs on the shoe-very stylish-easy to walk in (my daughter has been walking for about 9 months).-materials used on the shoes are durableThe sole is a little firm so I don't think these would be good for a first walker,
B007SLGLX4 Puma Not as described they are not leather and not the best quality por the price, but they look ok and easy to put on and off.
B007SLGLX4 Perfect shoes for my daughter I purchased these for my daughter as I was so over all the pink shoes out there for little girls with sparkles and princesses. These are AWESOME. The black and yellow is so stylish and I love the way the straps adhere in opposite directions. They are thick and solid, these will withstand toddler play. I will be ordering these in bigger sizes and other colors :) But I have to say the black and yellow is boss :)
B007SLGLX4 Really I want more big than this I think that It was number 5 for kid, and really seem to be like a little baby.. it is very bad
B007SLGLX4 LOVE these shoes for a new walker I adore these shoes--everything about them, that cool gray color, the hot pink stripe...we've gotten lots of compliments on them.  They don't seem to get a speck of dirt on them.  That material really repels dirt.  The best part is they're comfy and she is really good at walking in them.  They have a low profile and great flex for early walkers.  The double sided velcro is great because she can't figure out how to get them off and chew on them, unlike her stride rites!
B007SLGLX4 Gray color is great. Easy for kids. The gray color goes with almost everything. The velcro makes it so easy for my five year old to put his own shoes on. I don't know how comfortable they are on him though. They seem to not have much padding.
B007SM2M2W my mistake I made &#8203;&#8203;a mistake to order them, I ordered size 3 kid and what i need is 3 toddler, i try to contact the seller but received no response, the shoes are beautiful only was this detail
B007SM2M2W Comfort, style & quality Great sneakers! We've been through many sparkly shoes of equal or greater value, and none were as durable or comfortable. Most begin to show wear within a week; soles separate; sparkles dislodge. I bought these 2 months ago and am impressed that the soles are well in tact. The sparkles are safely protected under a clear vinyl coating which prevents them from falling of and keeps them shiny longer. My 8 yr old was reluctant to try them on at first (mom, I do know how to tie my shoes you know) but her eyes widened when she slipped them on and discovered how comfortable they are!
B007SM2M2W Wooooow Awesome shoes.The Perfect one for my active daughterI really like itSo comfortableShe is so happy with it
B007SM2M2W Wanted to love these, but they are horrible.  :( When I saw these shoes, I HAD to get them for my little girl.  They were adorable.  But within three days of playing, the plastic coating on the sparkles started to rip, and by the next week, they were pretty gross looking.  Also, they started to stink horribly... we were really disappointed.  They are very cute, but only for a couple of days!
B007SM2M2W Great Buy! My seven year old is such the DIVA so  when we came upon these Glitz Sneakers but Puma, it was a must that we buy them. We are ever so happy that we bought them.
B007SM2M2W puma glitz review I got these for my daughter, she walks great in them and I love the grips on the bottom. They arrived in a timely manner. I like them a lot but more than likely the last time I pay 40 dollars on shoes for a growing toddler
B007SM2M2W Not as sparkly in real life These kiddo kicks seem to fit well and run true to size, but they're not quite as sparkly as the picture makes them out to be thanks to a layer of clear-ish plastic over the sparkly material (presumably to protect it). My daughter and I like them, but we don't love the look as much as we thought we would - a real disappointment at this steep price.
B007SM6GFG super cute and easy to clean i brought this shoes for my 2 yr old son. as soon as he saw them he put it on his foot and wore it for hours. everytime he sees it he wants to wear it so i have to hide it from him. its lightweight, strong and surprisingly easy to clean ( i just wipe them with a damp cloth). everyone who have seen it wants a pair for their child.
B007TH1UYC small these shoes are very small mold, skin tight left me, I am 11 1/2 and all related marks are either me or a little comfortable but with this brand puma, or will the shoe is really very little left to me tight ... did not taste much
B007TH22WQ Short on Size, but  Long on Potential These rare sneakers were hard to find in the Men's Dept of Amazon.  But I did overcome all odds and secure these size 4.5 running shoes in a medium width.LINK:B007TH22WQAs a private investigator, who just happens to be a little person, I am always on the run.  These light-weight (mostly black) sneakers are great for snagging a target's trash at night without being seen or heard.  I can zip in and out of hedge rows, and under bushes, long before anyone pulls back the drapes or opens a door to locate me.I simply can't tell you what a goldmine-find it was to find sneakers in my size in the Men's Dept.  For decades, I dreaded the thought of buying my footwear in the Little Boys Dept., only to find that even they were out of size 4.5 (US) shoes or sneakers.Thank goodness for the Internet !!I am jumping for joy -- but you can't see me, behind the garden gnome.
B007TI70AO Broke too fast!!! I received a defective product!This cleat broke the first time i put them on.The didn't last even 10 minutes of the game.I'm very disappointed!!!
B007TJLSBU AMAZING These fit true to size.  They are Kelly Green on Puma mark, berry on bottom, Italian square on back tag (red/white/green striped), and shiny metallic gold on inside...come with both green and white shoe strings, both with gold string-ends.  SUPER cute and comfy.  Got them outta the box, and wore them all day Christmas shopping in the mall.  Barefoot.  And not ONE ounce of discomfort.  I LOVE PUMA!
B007TJLSBU Nice Bought these shoes for my son.  Very light weight and appear well made.  Very little arch support though.  Comes with two sets of laces, white and yellow.  Recommended.
B007U1TFAS Great product received fast I love this jacket & receive compliments every time I wear it!!The fit is exact and I've washed it a few times now and it hasn't faded. Satisfied customer!!
B007UM6PAK Hopped for a bit more support The price and look is great! But if you need a supportive shoe, I am sad to say, this one should be a pass over.
B007UM8E1S excellent product excellent product, filled my expectations, recommended and tailored to my needs, when I received that I thought would be great, unlike orm are small and take the foresight to buy a size bigger
B007USEG6E Pumaflage! Bought this a little on a whim because I am a Puma fan and wanted something different.  Very pleased, especially for the price.  Lightweight, comfy, and stylish!  If you are like me, your feet can run a bit hot in them and there isn't much venting, but that's my only complaint.
B007UTW59S Goodbye Nike Hello Puma These shoes are so comfortable, True to size. Looking forward to spring comming soon so I can really put these to the test!
B007VL3IBE beautiful, not durable I love these shoes - they're a pretty deep purple color and have good support. They also seem true to size. I bought them because I wanted fashion sneakers to wear with pants - these are slim and subtle but still functional - I wear them to work and also to the gym.I have noticed that the material seems to be fraying. I have only had these shoes for a month, though I wore them almost every day, I wasn't hard on them. I'm worried that they may not hold up well with frequent use, but for the price ($35, on sale) I'm thrilled with them. My coworkers have all complimented them, too!
B007VL3IBE Hapy about it Not what IO expected, but still happy about it. Thei'r quite beautyfull and stylish, thanks God I don't run, because they don't offer the propper suport for that practices, but for trainning they are very much okay.
B007VL4VOW little ones well the material it is perfectl the color the Price totally correct but something happended with the size... they are kind of Little ones... : /
B007VL4VOW Puma Shoe No complaints; the fit is comfortable, the style classy and best of all it is reasonably priced.  Pleased with purchase but then the brand speaks for itself.
B007VL5BI2 very comfortable. these are great. the suede gives where other shoes rest on pressure points and hurt the feet. i noticed that my pace when walking has gotten faster because they are so light weight and the face they are eco friendly doesn't hurt one bit.
B007W1CBKC Grandbaby approved Bought this for Christmas for my Grand son, and it fits him perfectly.  Adorable!!  Very good comfy set for a traveling baby !
B007W1CBLQ Nice and warm This outfit is great for my lil man. Keeps him warm and clean. Cleans pretty easily whenever he has a diaper blowout as well
B007W1CBLQ Well made... This set is perfect for fall/spring layering, when going between home to car to store and back mean baby's comfort requires adding a sweatshirt or taking it off frequently.
B007W1CBLQ Happy I am very happy with the trac suit. It arrived in a very timely manor, and the quality is what I expected from puma. The only thing that I was disappointed with was the size availability in the other colors choices.
B007WQDYQM xo I changed out the laces in these case the green was not as flexible but i get complements on them all the time.
B007WQDYQM Looks Cool and Hip Just got my sneakers, LOVE!!!! Considering i got it for under 20. No complains for now, will see how it wears and lasts.
B007WQGKQI Boots of a lifetime. I bought these boots as a replacement for another pair so i could stop borrowing boots to play football. They fit nice. I get exceptional touch when receiving the ball and even juggling and freestyling.
B007WQGKQI good cleats Great cleats for the price. Fits a foot that is on the verge of being a wide but isn't. Solid traction for quick cuts and doesn't slip. Would buy again
B007WQGKQI Great cleat for the $ I ordered these as a cheap firm ground rugby cleat. They work well and are comfortable. Fits true to size keep in mind most Americans prefer a slightly bigger shoe. These fit snug on me and keep my foot from sliding around in the boot. Made not with leather butwith a durable synthetic upper they are more comfortable and flexible than many comparable Adidas cleats (I own two pair) and Nike cleats. All around a solid boot for the price.
B007WQGKQI Great boots! I purchased these so I could start playing football (soccer) again and I really enjoy these boots. This is the first time I tried out Puma, I'm normally an Adidas guy and frequently purchase Nike products. I have to say these are one of my favorite boots I've owned. they handle abuse well and protect my feet well! The weight is nice and they broke in nicely. These are a good solid cheap boot for recreational play and use. I would defiantly recommend these, especially at the price.
B007WQGKQI those are a little soft or something like that.... it has to be stronger to kick harder i like it but could be better if it was not too soft.i think it is confortable but i havent used yet
B007WQGWG6 Not bad The sole is OK for dry dirt and low grass fields i.e hard to medium grounds as designed for. Not so good for wet weather. I bought an exact fit (as i always do for football shoes) and was initially tight in front which was quite painful but by the second use (and with some lacing adjustments) it was more comfortable. Would advice you to buy a half size bigger. Also, the front profile is thick and a bit bulky making it difficult to get under the ball but if you don't intend to do much crossing then this is not a problem. Overall the shoe is well made
B007WQGY96 Love them Playing football in them for several weeks now.  Comfortable but great performance for my game (long passes, corners, free kicks and precision power shooting).
B007WQGZRW Great but... These ripped the 3rd time I wore them. Come on, PUMA!! I expect more, even from the middle line of boots that Puma offers. Shouldn't have to spend $150-200 to expect cleats to last a full season.
B007WQGZRW Excellent soccer shoe My 13 year old son wore these cleats for a whole season, playing for his middle school and travel teams.  From the first practice, he noted how comfortable they were.  Will definitely look for Puma cleats for next season.
B007WQH1SY Three Stars Too small but well made
B007WQH3GE PUMA lovers It took some getting use to with the bright yellow but once you break these puppies in they are on POINT. Awesome shoes that show awesome flare on the indoor turf if you got that skill sOn.
B007WQH6KW Do not live up to the price Ordered these for my son to play indoor soccer. He's had them for about a month now and they are falling apart. He's had to black tape them and shoe glue them to keep them together. Will NOT spend the money on these again.
B007WQHCIS BOOOOOOOOOOO! SO UPSET. Bought these last summer after the rugby season for my son to play for the CT state team.  He ended up not wearing them at all as they played on soft natural fields, so he wore his Canterbury metal cleats. So they were BRAND NEW for this season.  While playing his FIRST TURF GAME the ENTIRE SOLE ripped off of one!!!! How the heck does that happen!??? HORRIBLE. SO UPSET. Can't get through to anyone to replace them because I bought them last year. He wore them ONCE for 30 minutes. Had to sit out the rest of a DIV 1 A side game. SO ANGRY.
B007WQHWIS Loss a Stud (it break) It broke to the left shoe a stud (in the first game).These shoes are very expensive for their low performance.
B007X0C5MQ great suit Love the fit and fabric.  My 4 year old granddaughter thinks she can now work out with her mom and big sister.
B007X0C5MQ Perfect and So Adorable! -No issues with delivery and product. The material is better than expected and I anticipate my daughter growing out of it before I see any wear. Little sister will sure to be wearing it in a couple years too.
B007X1BCBU Not well made This fabric is very thin. I had expected it to be sweatshirt material. The workmanship is very poor. I doubt that it will last very long and won't be surprised if it shrinks when washed. It was definitely not worth the high price - $44+
B007X1BCBU Great thin sweatshirt This sweatshirt has been great for my active daughter.  Often times sweatshirts are too bulky.  For when you need a light cover-up jacket, especially for PE or gymnastics on cooler days, this fits the bill perfectly. Colors are unusually almost neutral in grey/chartreuse and match many things.
B007X1BCBU Very Comfortable I bought this jacket for my daughter, she wears it everywhere.  It is nice and warm withough being too bulky.  She is very persnickety about her clothing, especially her jackets and it was a hit.  In fact, I am having a hard time getting her to put it away for the winter and transition to her winter coat.
B007X1BFZS Poor quality with high price This fabric is very thin. I had expected it to be sweatshirt material. The workmanship is very poor and I doubt that it will last very long and won't be surprised if it shrinks when washed. It was definitely not worth the high price.
B007X1BHWO Really unsatisfied It is not a original Puma product, and the size it is not as expected: it says 'M' but really is more for a 6 year old girl.
B007X1BJVS Awesome shirt for the price!! I've been generally pleased with the prices of Puma apparel on Amazon and this shirt is no exception. My daughter loves it, and I save about $8 from what Puma.com was offering on the SAME shirt!!! It what you would expect in a shirt. The graphics look great, too.
B007Y7BINU Puma Paradise Very good fit, in fact we bought 2 pairs, different colors of course, because we liked these shoes so much for our baby. A definite recommendation from us. Stylish, cool color choices and comfortable fit :)
B0080BML44 Thanks! this was for an 19 years old boy and he just loved it.. thks for the great price and quality
B0080LMQ58 Big hit! My son really likes these shoes and I was impressed with the quality of the material of the upper part of the shoe.
B0081Q1WFW Comfortable My picky son liked them, that says a lot right there!
B0081Q1WFW Teen son likes these for wrestling My son likes these better than regular boxers to wear under his wrestling singlet for competition. Seem to be sturdy and well-made, so they'll hold up through the season.
B00822FCP6 Low quality, breaks just if you look at it I bought this watch and on the moment I opened, on the first time I was setting the correct time, the piece that adjust the time went off on my hand. Low quality. PUMA is famous for its style and design, but should be careful for its quality too.
B00822FCP6 can't change the time It looked ok, but the knob to change the time was broken straight out of the box.  I returned it.
B00829AQQ4 great product this is I was looking for this back in  the fall of 2012 in October at Macy's but I couldn't find it anywhere.
B0084CXICS great shirt Its nothing i dont like about this shirt pretty colors i love what it says i feel like that about my daughter feels like strong material and it will last thru washes!!!
B0084CXJ72 Thin Nice product, but way thinner than led to believe from the write up.  its not going to keep anyone very warm except on a fall day.
B0084CXKA8 like it Light color and very soft . my girl has put it on every second day from the day she got it
B0084CXMLK Puma-Kids Girls 7-16 Girls Slider, Black, X-Large I was very dissapointed in the sizing of this top. I bought it in a -large for my 9 year old granddaughter, and it was way too small!  I had to give it to my younger granddaughter who is 5, and of course the sleeves were to long. The quality of the shirt was good just the sizing was all off. I'll think twice before I buy another Puma product.
B0084CXN8W bright and pretty unusual color. i bought last year and my girl refused wear it for color. this year she so got bigger and decided its quite cool. fits well and decorations are pretty.
B0084D5BZY Perfect I really love this shirt - Colors stay bright, durable and eye catching.  My daughter wears it all the time!
B0085V3HPQ nice colors i bought his for my bro in law and he loved it , he says it fits perfectly ..the colors couldn't be better..the colors of his fav soccer team, the wind jacket he needed to go to to the stadium to see his fav team
B0086FN9MW Loved that Puma Hoodie! Great quality and granson loved it!!!  Would order another one.  Very well made.  Worth the extra money.  Holding up well also.
B0086FN9MW VERY HAPPY MY TWO BOYS 10 AND 5 ARE VERY HAPPY WITH IT! THEY SAY IT'S VERY COMFORTABLE AND WARM ! WILL BUY AGAIN.
B0086FNBQ6 A bit short in length I bought these for a 12 years old boy and they are a bit short in length.  These should have been made another 1 to 2 inch longer.  If the pants are too long, they can be cut short but nothing much you can do if they are too short.
B0086FNBQ6 Very Happy Very Fast and just as described. I am going to order more as soon as I can. Today even! Very Happy
B0086FNBQ6 True to Size My son is 5 feet and 85 lbs. These are perfect with a little room to grow. Arrived on time and in great condition.
B0086FNFL2 Well made and sized. I purchased these for my growing son.  He was very happy with them.  They fit well and appear to be well made. I was confident that they would fit because I had purchased a similar Puma pant for him in a store.
B0086FYO0I puma hoodie My son and I like this a lot. It is perfect. The price, the quality and the cuteness. Love it.
B0086FYO0I Great Quality This is a high quality sweatshirt and well worth the money. I bought two for my 4 year old grandson
B0086FYO0I PUMA Full-Zip Originals Hoodie Very nice for branch and price. I offered to my two grandsons to use during those more warm days. They look lovely.
B0086FYONU Well Made My grandson is very small for his age and gets cold quite easily. These sweats are much thicker than the average pair you find in the stores. I am very happy with the great quality and fit of these sweatpants. I plan on buying more for him
B0086FYRD2 jacket display i found that the seller who displayed this jacket should in the future give customers front an back view .. even side view because i bought this not knowing the back has a USA print on it.
B0086VGCRA Very light Extremely light and therefore hard to get your foot into w/o opening up the laces extremely wide.  Also color is more towards purple then blue
B0087E3YCC My hair gets caught in the soft plastic on the sides of the temple tips! I would give the glasses frames 5 stars but every time I take them off, my hair gets caught by the soft plastic that is on either side of the temple tips. Extremely annoying! I bought the glasses frames at Costco and I tried to look up Puma to contact them directly about the poor design but it will take more time to follow through. I think I will take them back to Costco to see if they can help. I would not buy these frames if you have hair that will get caught in them.
B0088XOPQG Excellent Choice Is an excellent brand, I had another one that last me 5 years and this one is exactly the same quality.
B0089GNAUE Gift for nephew I bought this as a gift for my nephew and he loved it. He wanted to wear it right away and the size was just right. It's a very cute jacket!
B0089GNAUE Disappointed.... I purchased the jacket and the pants for my 7 yr old son and ordered a kids 7 using the sizing guide. What was delivered was a massive Puma Boys Jacket and Pants, that I was able to fit into (5'3 and 105lbs).
B0089HEVYM Great shoe If you have had leg surgery these are the best to get back out there! I stand all day in these with ease.
B0089TIUA6 Es re lindo!! My wife said that, and she loves it, specially because it measures heart rate, she will never use it but it feels great to have it, ha ha!!
B0089TIVXC Obvious manufacturer's shills posting positive reviews Puma's watches draw my interest as they are unique in looks and design, but their penchant for having shills making positive posts on behalf of them sucks.  Most of them look like they came straight out of their marketing department.  Further it makes one hesitate to seriously consider the product.  Puma, do yourself a favor, and cease the overwrought propaganda efforts.
B0089TIZAG Super Slim, Simple, Beautiful This watch is so slim that it can almost be used as a bookmark.  The band is very comfortable.  The numbers are in negative, so that the screen is black and the numbers themselves are lit by the backlight.  (I do thus wonder if it uses more battery power.)  My only sure issue is that the large face can be easily scratched...and already has been, within a week of owning it.
B0089TIZBA I love it Very light, very attractive, but I would prefere if you can see the month and the day at the same time with the time. The only thing that I didn't like that they charge over 5$ for tax and they charged me 7$ for shipping even that I choose the free shipping :(
B0089TIZDS Meh... The face is much bigger than it looks in the picture. I was hoping it would be sleek and athletic, but it's a bit bulky for my taste.
B0089TIZDS It's OK For The Price If you like big watches this is a fairly big one.  Only problem is the arms are black and the background is black.  It makes it very hard to read.  Looks cool, just very hard to read the time.
B0089TIZDS This Is A Great Watch Very eye catching design with the black/gray colors. Nice diameter and thickness. Comfortable. I like the stem location as it does not dig into your hand when you move it back.
B0089TJ12C Not recommended Work to day tommorrow who knows! it work sometimes it tend to lose time, not sure if it is the battery or what but I called the vendor the will not let me return it after is open.
B0089TJ190 pedrobbarreto25@hotmail.com Traducci&oacute;nvery good product hope to buy from you are very diligent LIABLE and prices are excellent but if it were cheaper was better much better thanks
B0089TJ2M6 very comfortable This watch is supremely comfortable, but too big to wear with long sleeve dress shirts.  Perfect for what I bought it for, and UNLV Rebel colors to boot!  If reliability lives up, I would rate it 5 stars.
B0089TJ2QM nice style at a decent price i like it; looks good and fits my wrist just right; i have a small wrist so I need bands that can adjust quite a bit to not be lose in my wrist.
B0089TJ2QM sweet my wife really loves her birthday present!...it is sleek and elegant but kinda sporty like she is so it really fits her well...thumbs up
B008A6488Q LOVE THEM As part of the line of my new signature shoes, I can't say enough good about these.  They are absolutely awesome, comfortable & a dream on a swollen, pregnant foot.  Think of these as the yoga pants of your feet!
B008A64J6M I wanted them so bad but they hurt all the time because of the elastic I saw them @ one of my Cruises for 3 times what I got them for. When I was able to get them on Amazon.com, I was so amazed that I could get them so cheap that I bought them in 2 colors, but when I finally got them, I can't get to fit them right, they hurt and feel so tight, that I can't get over it...I am so sad...but I will continue wearing them to break them in. The top elastic is what makes them to be uncomfortable. So sad. :(
B008A64X0Y good fit its somewhat comfortable a bit low in front hopefully it will strech, with time. love the style as well. wish there were other colours available.
B008A64X0Y Style is cute, but the fit cuts Like so many of these ballet flats the fit over the big toe is way too low and cuts into the big toe joint.  The photo of these shoes leads one to believe they may come up just enough for a comfortable fit ... but alas, they do not, so back they go.
B008A64X0Y Great Work Ballet Flat I would like just a tad more cushion, but for the money, these are a fantastic little work flat.  I highly recommend them.
B008A6BA64 Ehh.. Pretty mediocre for a tennis shoe..I work on my feet 8 hours a day and my feet usually hurt a little when my shift is over, but better than the toms I wore prior. Cute and sporty, just wish they performed in comfortably and support like a real pair of tennis shoes!
B008A6BA64 Looking forward to giving them a real workout in Italy next month. I was looking for a good comfortable walking show for my trip to Italy next month and these really seem to fit the bill. Comfortable, supportive, cool, lightweight, and stylish.
B008A6BB9U Great sneakers It was a gift for my daughter, she loved them. She doesn't take them off. She uses them everyday. Thanks
B008A6BB9U BEST TRACTION I have very wide and uncomfortable feet, most sneakers i cannot wear through my day, these however are amazing. super light weight, breathable, easy to clean, theyre stylish and fit me perfectly. I work out at home, yoga, weight lifting, and light cardio. These shoes are perfect for me! most sneakers also, i found, were too intense for me, the purpose of them exceeded what id be doing in them. If you have wide feet and need traction in your workouts, these are a MUST BUY
B008A6BB9U Very comfy shoe Very comfortable shoe for a woman with wide feet like myself, however they are extremely slippery if they get even slightly wet so proceed with caution otherwise you will take a nasty spill. I wore them for a very long day site seeing around NYC without any pain or discomfort . If you need to clean them you can hose them down and they dry fairly quickly. I would definitely recommend these shoes, however as I stated before beware any wet or slick surfaces or you will be sliding.
B008A6BB9U Cute and Comfy shoes! I've had the shoes for almost two months now and tried them out in various situations. I've worn them to work, to dance, to exercise/walk, and I wore them in Disney World. They don't appear to have much arch support, but they are soft and flexible. In fact, my friend who was developing blisters walking at Disney World, switched to my shoes for part of the day and commented on how comfortable they were.Pros:Color is vibrant and fun and I get lots of compliments on themComfortable--no matter how many hours you are on your feetFit is good for my slightly wide feetCons:Might be too wide if you have a narrow footSome decorative stitching on top is coming looseNot enough grip in slick conditions
B008A6BB9U Affordable stylish shoe! These shoes are super comfortable and very stylish. I received a lot of compliments when I wore them out for a hike with my friends. Highly recommended!
B008A6BLMW cool shoe the fit seems to run a bit large but the comfort is very good.these would be great if they would make an all black version. I may put new black laces iin just so i can wear with more outfits.
B008A6BLMW Look @ me... I love these shoes,stylish but not to off the wall for my 66 year old feet...Can't wait for the snow to be gone.
B008A6BLMW Very Comfy I commented somewhat large is because my real size is 7 and these shoes go for 'half sizes' only, the cords are too long but overall, I like it and will order the gray/white too if the price goes down later.
B008A6BLMW Love these sneakers! First day I wore these I walked a lot and had them on for about six hours, and they were super comfy. I had been looking for open toe sneakers for quite some time - I hate having my feet all closed up. A big plus: the little platform lifts me up a bit as I am only 5'3&#34;, but the heel is not too exaggerated. And I got compliments too! I usually wear a size 7-1/2 and that is what I ordered.The quality is great! These are perfect!
B008A6BPJQ Love them! These pumas have a definite retro look. i wear them with everything from skinny jeans and a grey leather jacket to maxi skirts. Clean up is easy on the white part as well, i used a mister clean eraser. Great buy.
B008A6BPJQ Black are so elegant, hipster, fancy. Love it! I knew the size from previous munsters.  The best shoe that makes legs look so nice. Enjoying it so far
B008A6BPJQ Wowowow greattttt look!!! My wife was crazy when she opened the box!! great surprise!!Pretty cool colours and fantastic look!! Pure fashion!! I thinkI`ll have to order another ones!!!!!
B008A6BPJQ Comfy It's really comfy to walk in. I even bring these to my trip to the jungle. Received compliments from friends too.
B008A6C4RS Not what I expected These shoes were pretty, as one reviewer has previously written, but I didn't feel as though they were very well made. I expected a more substantial material. They did not provide enough support for me. Not a bad buy for the price, just not for me.
B008A6CBUI PUMA!!! What can i say i like PUMA!!! Now what else to type to fill the area up hmm i am done!!
B008A6CBUI Good Loking, Nice Price, And Looks Like They Going To Last Forever But They Just Last 25 Days Just What Happened.Ok The Shoes Where Fine! My Girl Friend Love Them, But Suddenly We Were Walking To The Car And She Told Me Stop This Thing Just Broke. And As You Know All the International Buyers Have The Same Problem, The Shipping Is Too Expensive To Send It Back. So They Are In The Trash!
B008A6CIL0 Puma Red Nylon Shoe Very disappointed in this shoe, and ended up returning them as soon as I received them. They looked so cute in the picture but when they arrived they looked VERY cheap. Upon trying them on they were uncomfortable and are made out of some kind of bizarre, papery, thin material in some parts. ?? The material they are made out of literally made a papery crinkling noise as I walked around! So ridiculously cheap.
B008A6CIL0 Christmas day They are comfortable and lite weight a Christmas gift for my daughter the right colors and they were affordable thank you
B008A6CIL0 Cheap looking Both the fabric and look is very cheap and makes noises every time you walk. Was returned with no issues.
B008A6CIL0 Disappointed I have two other pairs of Puma Romas, I have had them for years.  They are great sneaks.These are not the same at all.  They are mostly nylon, they are feather light.  I was really excited about the turquoise, but once you put them on your heel covers up half of the turquoise on the shoe.  I have an 8 in my other Pumas, I feel like I should have bought an 8-1/2.  They are also a bit uncomfortable on my heel.If I would not have been able to get them at such a cheap price, I would have returned them.
B008A6CIL0 This is a gift for My friend This is for my friend's child, she liked the color, size is also very suitable to wear very comfortable, she was very pleased.
B008A6COO6 it was a gift I was told it they fit perfectly and are very comfortable. The color was as pictured and the recipient was happy
B008A6COO6 Very satasfied I got these in a hurry, but they were a great purchase, I wear them everyday for jogging and exercise, they're light and elegant
B008A6JOWQ Perfect I have just received them and i found them very comfortable, i will start using them the next time i go to the gim
B008A6JSFE Great summer sneakers!! I am not a fan of wearing sneakers without socks but I tried these on at DSW, loved them AND amazon had them for $15 cheaper! I was going to save them for our Disney trip in a couple weeks but decided to wear them mini golfing / go carting with the kids yesterday and they were still Incredibly comfortable and the mesh keeps your feet as cool as a sandal would - great sneakers!
B008A6JSFE Very comfortable Puma tends to be my go-to brand for sneakers and this shoe is just as I expected it to be... lightweight, comfortable and perfect for summer.
B008A6JWU0 Love them! They are light weight, hug the feet and comfortable! I am glad I made the purchase! I will be wearing them to the Breast Cancer Walk!
B008A6JWU0 these shoes are amaze balls Money talks, but it can't sing and dance and out don't walk...and I would rather have you here with me. I'd like to be.-Reverend BlueJeans
B008A6JWU0 Red ! I ordered red one 7.5They are pretty lightweight but.the medial arch support is missing and the bottom is very narrow (especially towards the inner side)5 stars for appearance and design3 stars for comfort
B008A6JWU0 i like it. it is very comfortable and price is very reasonable. I am planning to buy one more, but different Dolores one.
B008A6JZG6 Waste of money I have only wore the shoes 3 times and the threading is already falling apart. Total waste of money, I didn't even go running in them. Just wore them to work.
B008A6JZG6 SOoo happy i am in love with my puma shose i always wear puma shose and every time better than befor BUT this one is really really GOOD it's SO light and comfey.i recomend it to every one.
B008A6K4HU Disappointed Poorly made-The sneakers that I received are definitely not black. They are more of a charcoal grey, so if you were looking for a black colored sneaker, these are not them. The material is so poorly made. I am thinking that I will probably get a max of a months worth of runs out of them . They are very narrow as well and are not worth the price if you are using them to run indoors or outdoors .
B008A6KHRC Great! I just have a minor issue with the left heel. It digs into the back. Ouch. Working on stretching that out though, and what else can you do with internet shoes? :) Otherwise they are great. super light. small, good grip on the slippery gym floor. All is well.
B008A6KHRC kickboxing bought these for a high impact kickboxing class. they are light and very flexible with just enough support. i'd recommend them.
B008A6KHRC Sat high around the ankles Great looking lightweight running shoe (they do run about 1/2 size small) but they sat very high around my ankles and I experienced some rubbing and redness on the back of my ankles just from walking around the house. I haven't exp. this before with any other pumas (all I wear). They would have killed me after a run. Had to return.
B008A6KHRC Love them I bought these for a exercise class and they have been great, not slippery on the wood floor, comfortable and would recommend them to others.
B008A6KTKC fit was good, but the style was strange i liked the fit somewhat, but the style was strange and made my feet look fat.  i also wish they had a little more tread on the bottom. I am returning them
B008A6KTKC Low-cut around the ankle... If you like a shoe that is really low cut around your ankle, then these are for you.  I felt like it didn't support my heel as much as I wanted, so I returned them.  But the colors were cute!
B008A6KTKC Fits amazing It's perfect fit. They were a little expensive but well worth the price. I also like the blue. its pretty.
B008A6KTKC Painful I bought these for work as I walk about 12 miles a day just from 7 to 4. I loved the looks, and the initial feel. However, after 2 days of wear my feet hurt like crazy. I had to wear my old shoes for 3 days to undo the damage. I have always loved pumas and have never had a problem like this. I kept them just to wear for a day at a time outside of work, but they are no good for work or running...shoulda sent the suckers back...
B008A6KTKC Pretty Awesome! These colors are just as bright as pictured. They fit my wide foot pretty amazing and they have great ankle support for those who need it.
B008A6KTKC comfy with style one of my best sport shoe purchases In a long time.  either just to run errands or just for the gym.
B008A6KTKC Boats on my feet These are really big! Cannot run in them. Granted, ordering shoes off the internet is not smart but they shipped really fast, I mean next day fast.
B008A6KTKC Not quite as comfortable as the Voltaic 3NM This shoe also fits and probably will take some getting used to, just had to buy some black laces, since I am not into bright colors
B008A6KTKC Changed design These are different from Voltaic 2's and 3's.  Notice the netted foot sock design...Not like the soft satin-like lining of the older models.  Also, the ankle depth seems more shallow so my heel slips out.  I like wearing these without socks so I am sadly going to have to send back.  I like the colors though!  The 10 women's in this model seems to run smaller...In the past, it seemed ok.  For you 10 gals out there..who don't want to go to a women's 11, try the men's 8.5 and you might be happier!  UPDATE:  I decided to give these a try and without socks...Took a little getting used to but I will be keeping these since the colors are awesome (cabaret/liberty blue).
B008A6KTKC Clunky Fits as expected, but the shoe itself is a bit clunky and not as lightweight as I prefer. Great for walking but take a little bit to get used to.
B008A6KTKC Perfect fit, exceedingly comfortable LOVE this brand of sneakers. I discovered PUMA probably 10 years ago and I have never purchased any other brand of sneakers from that point on. Fits just right, snug but not loose, the laces are high quality so i never need to double tie them, and the COMFORT! I have stood for hours in other sneakers and I begin to feel my heel really hurting, but PUMAs... no way, never. The heel is very well cushioned and my feet never feel pain in them. HIGHLY recommend
B008A6KTKC Too small.  Sent back I loved the color, but didn't realize there was a tight elastic insert to fit your foot into.  No good for me.
B008A6KTKC Returned these Beautiful to look at and although it was supposedly the size I ordered (as marked on the inside) these were large and loose fitting. I would not order Puma's on line again, would make sure I was getting what I wanted.
B008A6KTKC Great so far! So comfy! I have PF and tend to have a lot of arch pain. I have not had any pain in wearing these! I have also not needed to put in special PF insoles that I normally need when working out. I have only been wearing them about a week consistently, will update review in a few months.
B008A6KTKC Comfy Shoe I was looking for a cross trainer for bootcamp classes.  I've never owned Puma's, saw these in a magazine thought I would try them.  They are a little snug in the toe, but I put on thinner socks and wore them all day and my feet were comfortable.  can't wait to get them into the gym.
B008A6KTKC Heel slips This shoe felt great except when I walked or ran.  The heels slipped every time, no matter how tightly I laced them.  And the size was perfect, not too wide, not too long, etc. It's too bad.  I really liked them.  I returned them.
B008A6KTKC shoe fit shoes are very stiff and inflexible. also not very true to size. I am keeping in hopes of softening them
B008A6KTKC Wonderful Zumba shoes !! Not too heavy, not too bulky. Fit just right the very first day!! I was able to do one hour of Zumba the very first day with no problem at all. Love them!!
B008A6KTKC Really like them, but don't work for my intended purpose I really like this sneaker. They are comfortable and I love the look (color). You definitely stand out in a crowd when wearing these. When I first tried them on I was skeptical about the elastic top but now that I have worn them a few times it is fine. They fit well. I can't say how long they will last since I have only had them a couple weeks. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I had read a review where they were supposedly great to wear on concrete floors. I bought these for that purpose. I am on concrete floors 8+ hours a day and a lot of shoes hurt my feet. For me, these sneakers didn't solve that problem. They are better than a lot of sneakers I have tried, but believe it or not, the best I've tried were Sketchers Shape Ups. I suppose I will use these sneakers for another purpose and invest in some more Sketchers. But otherwise, I am happy with them!
B008A6KTKC Super Cool but Snug I LOVE the colors!! This sneakers is comfortable but the only thing that prevented me from giving it a full five stars is that it is a very snug fit.  Also keep in mind that the tongue and laces are integrated into the body of the sneakers.
B008A6KTKC Not just right for my feet. These were the things that factored into my returning the shoes.  I was not expecting the all-in-one tongue to be a problem.  But it made it difficult to easily put on and take off these shoes.  Also I need a well-defined padded arch, which these didn't have.  The heal was just a little too wide for my heal.  Otherwise, I thought they were well-made.  The colors and style were terrific for a more stylish running shoe.  Had these problems not been present, I certainly would have been very happy with them.
B008A6KTKC excellent confort some friend recommend this cross training , are very light and  the most i like is the Removable ecoOrtholite sockliner
B008A6KTKC Not for high arches! I have very high arches and the way the tounge is designed, I literally couldn't even get my foot in the shoe! Completely bummed, returning them immediately. Very cute though for people with normal/low arches.
B008A6KTKC Ok for the price They are slightly smaller than other Puma's I own at the same size. Grey color is a lot darker than the photo
B008A6KTKC Snug but still compfortable. They are a little snug for a 8.5 but still fit and wear compfortable. They are very light and easy to wear.
B008A6KTKC Hard to put on The shoes looked just like ordered; quick too.  I didn't realized there was no toung, it's all one piece. I have a high instep which made this very hard to put my foot in, even with laces loose. The sole is very stiff and not flexible, which can be good depending on what you are doing.However, they are very cute and lightweight.
B008A6KTKC Lovely These came in in decent time.  They fit nicely and are comfortable.  The bright pink and black color is lovely and I enjoy wearing them.  They are a little more stiff than something I would like to run in, but I got them for the weight room so it works quite well.
B008A6KTKC Shoe color matches the color in the picture.  Both pairs fit well. I do not like to receive shoes only to find out that the color was exagerrated in the picture. Both pairs fit well.
B008A6KTKC Uterine Cancer Awareness Bought these for my daughter to represent and bring awareness to Uterine Cancer!  They did the trick as she ran a 5K Cancer Run with our Team T-Shirt (black and peach)!
B008A6KTKC Runs a little small, cheaply made Although they were a little tight, they are very comfortable once broken in. I would recommend buying a 1/2 size bigger, than you would normally wear.Update: bought these shoes, three months ago, and they are falling apart. Contacted seller and I was told they could not do anything for me because, the shoes have been worn. Duh!!! I expected for what I paid for these for them to last more than three months. The rubber is coming loose from the mesh in the toe area. Looks like it was just glued together. The mesh has also ripped in the toe area.Like I said, cheaply made. Would not recommend to anybody, unless you buy in a department store where they can be tried on, and if they do tear up, most department stores will take them back. Or at least trade them for another pair.
B008A6KTKC Comfort in the end After a few runs, the pumas are not uncomfortable by any means. They fit snug but feel great at the end of a workout which is important.
B008A6KTKC I can dig it I bought these trainers for my far and few between gym sessions. They are .5 too big, which makes sense because I am typically a size 7. I opted for the .5 extra because my last size 7 Puma's seemed snug. I'm going to naturally assume that my feet lost weight because I am wonderful.The shoes are aesthetically pleasing and very comfortable. I will maybe, possibly, someday, workout out in them on a regular basis.
B008A6KTKC A little snug The shoe is very pretty and the color looks even better in person. However the design doesn't allow for much adjustment or stretch across the instep because it s a slide-in she with no tongue. It fits a bit snug but will likely stretch after a few wears. The length is as expected. Feels nice and light while running.
B008A6KTKC Disappointed These are real comfortable and I had great expectations. After wearing to the gym a few times a week, the canvas came apart at the top. These are like brand new with a hole. Bummer, I'm going back to New Balance
B008A6KTKC I get tons of compliments These shoes are so cute.  Unfortunately they were not comfortable when I first put them on so it took some breaking in before they were comfortable.  I don't use them for working out, rather to wear with jeans when I want to be casual.  I always get a ton of compliments on them b/c the colors are so vibrant and fun.  I may try to work out in them over the coming weeks so fingers crossed they are good for that!!
B008A6KTKC Not exactly what I wanted  ;-(  but kinda' attractive-looking  ;-) These shoes are short in the toes for me; otherwise they fit like a 7.5.  It's difficult to tell from the photo, but the design on top tends to make my feet look wide (when other shoes do not) .  I'm hoping my toes adapt or that the toe area will stretch out a little with time.  I wore these for Zumba, and I'm not sure their soles are as smooth as they should be for Zumba in particular.
B008A6KTKC Her pick...can't go wrong What she wanted so can't go wrong with that approach! Fit a little snug but experience with Puma we knew that; maybe a 1/2 larger than you would normally wear. However, shoe will expand some with wear.
B008A6KTKC awful... i NEVER received these at all... I sent all of them back for a return and now they are asking where they are!!!!! they are like a mans shoe... they are soooooooooooo wide and way too long... they are like a womens size 10!!! you need to order down a size... I requested a refund... JUS AWFUL!!!
B008A6KTKC Bought them twice These are so great that I bought them for myself and for a friend as a gift. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable to wear for extended times or to work out in.
B008A6KTKC Perfec The shoes are perfect, the person who is using'm delighted.In personal opinion is very youthful pattern, color and design make them very comfortable.
B008A6KTKC Would buy again for Zumba Broke down after about 8 months of wear 3 times a week for Zumba. But for the price, worth the eight months. Not allot of arch support, but overall comfortable and appropriate for Zumba. Had the 'Zumba' brand shoes, and they were terrible...and very, very overpriced for such poor quality. Advise NOT to buy the Zumba Brand Shoes - The Puma Voltaic's are much, much better.
B008A6KTKC Sublime Very surprised by how much I like these. They seem tight at first but after 3 wears and a workout in them, I am very pleased.
B008A6KTKC Great color and function I bought this pair to use for Crossfit workouts in the morning because they looked more minimalist and flat on the bottom so I could do power cleans and push press...and they work perfect for that purpose!Recently, however, I wore them while helping my sister move, and all the up and down the stairs, being hard on my feet all day in such thin-soled shoes was murder...my feet ached for days!  Don't wear them moving/for long runs/or for a day of shopping...another side affect is since they are a cinch close-top shoe, they fit very snug on the top of your foot for the first month.But like I said, great for Crossfit purposes...so light-weight, box jumps are a breeze now compared to my heavier, clunkier ASIC running shoes. Go get your sweat on!
B008A6KTKC Comfortable These sneakers are very comfortable and looks just as shown! Te colors are bright and stand out when jogging at night.
B008A6KTKC Not the color I expected to recieve I ordered this shoe thinking it was mostly white with pink and a little grey on the sides.  Viewing the picture they look mostly white but imagine my surprise when I opened the box and they are mostly grey.  It was not the fault of the manufacture so I did not return them but beware buyers if you are looking for a pair of pink and white tennis.  They do say gray when you read but I think the picture is too light and confusing.  They do fit as expected a true 8.5 and good quality.
B008A6KTKC Wouldn't buy again. I bought these in January. They lasted 6 months and the inside is tearing already. There is no tongue in these shoes. They are all one piece. I would not recommend these for anyone.
B008A6KTKC Quality Being that the brand PUMA is known for it's style and quality, these shoes did not disappoint. Past the fact that they are more vibrant than the pictures that don't really do them justice, they're incredibly comfortable. I love them so much that I sometimes just put them on so I can look at them while I do housework. It seems silly, but they make my feet happy :)
B008A6KTKC Can't wear, way too small Don't waste your money unless your feet are much smaller than average. I'm disappointed and I will be returning for a full refund.
B008A6KTKC Love the color The colors are vibrant! The tongue is sewn in which is new for me so that takes some adjustment.The heels are a bit too large and my right foot slips a lot and can be annoying but other than that they are great sneaks!
B008A6KTKC not happy Look alot better online! Expected them to look do eide sfter you put them on !  very small opening gor your foot .
B008A6KTKC Pretty in Pink!!! Great colors and comfortable fit... I am a fan of Puma for women and I am loving the bright colors.
B008A6PN1C Not the same material as older versions I own I got these to add to my collection of the same basic flip puma makes but instead of r soft matte material'ish feel of the older ones for foam these r slipperiest and shinier which makes walking and sweating not as good. Still comfy but wish they didnt change the foam
B008A6QIV6 They're cute... I got these shoes for about thirty bucks. I'd say it is money well spent. Great low profile shoe.The material on the upper leave a little to be desired; I am constantly cleaning them. They do run a little large. I normally wear an 8, but ordered a 7.5 bc Puma' tend to run a little large. But, even after going a size down, I have a noticeable amount of room...and I have wide feet. But other tan that I am pretty pleased.I use these in my boxing class. So i run, move and evade a lot with little to no problems.
B008A6YAFW Look great, durable, could use better arch support. Love how they look and feel. I'm a bit flat footed so I wish they had more arch support. Soles are great though, went to a junk yard that was covered in broken glass and didn't get a single puncture.
B008A6YAFW My nephew is a cutie I got these for my teen nephew. They are very unique actually quite beautiful. They looked much better than the photo,very expensive looking. I got him a chocolate Levi's t shirt with red writing and Levi's shorts to go with them. The smile on his face was worth it! He said he got compliments from the girls(thats all that matters)LOL
B008A6YAFW Great choice Excellent lived up to my expectations and beyond . My supporters love them also . I am now going to try to get other colors
B008A6YAFW Nice design, but the yellow part doesn't seem to look exact color in the picture. Pros: look great and stylist, might last at least 1 year.Cons: ugly when you tied it, and if you hide the shoes laces it is doesn't stay in your feet when you walk.Other Thoughts:  My feet is kinda fat ( somewhat not long but the width is wide), so if you have that kind of legs, order one size larger than yours.
B008A6YCRI Exactly what I expected I particularly prefer Puma for how light their designs are and how they feel a little more wider in the toe area than other brands I've tried. But the right Puma cleats are hard to find for women as it is and when you find a style, it's hard to find them again next season, but these turned out perfect. They had the same treading as my last pair, which I loved. I got these in my regular size 6.5 shoe size. They were exactly like I had expected and I couldn't be happier. Usually when I buy new cleats, the leather isn't really as flexible right off the bat as these and takes some serious time to break into them and get my feet adjusted. But with these, literally the first night I used them, they fit like a gem and were flexible enough to give me plenty of room to move around in without leaving a single blister. Not too tight, not too lose. I found myself needing to either double layer thin socks or wear a single thicker pair to keep from sliding my feet around too much. The only thing I'd change out are the laces. They're more plastic threaded and so I find myself needing to double knot, otherwise the laces loosen while you play.
B008A6YCRI For my Daughter my daughter played Varsity soccer and these didn't last through the entire season. The shoe part started coming apart from the sole and just would not hold up to heavy use. I would not recommend these for anyone that plays a lot. Perhaps these would be ok for younger soccer clubs that have less games, and therefore less use of the shoes. I will not purchase PUMA again for her soccer shoes.
B008A6YCRI Satisfied I chose this rating because the shoes I order fit to the correct size I requested them. So in conclusion, I am satisfied with my order.
B008A6YCRI Satisfied The picture don't lie! These are comfortable, light and for me personally I have better control wearing them.Just beautiful black and coral color, great for the price
B008A6YCRI not ideal The sizing has a (M) next to it, which made me believe they were in men's sizes... they aren't (which would make sense since they are women's shoes, but why the M?) Needless to say, I was surprised to receive my cleats in a women's size. Oh well, not the end of the world since they were so cheap.
B008A6YFQQ Wonderful Cleats! I got these for ultimate frisbee, and they've been great!  I am a student and thus on a VERY tight budget - these were affordable and have served me well. I'd definitely recommend them!!
B008A6YFQQ Fits awesome! My daughter plays team soccer and this shoe is a very good cleat based on her requirements. She wants me to get her the same pair for the next season!
B008A6YFQQ ... around the front of the foot than I would've liked, but over all they serve they're purpose pretty ... They're a little bit thinner around the front of the foot than I would've liked, but over all they serve they're purpose pretty well. If you're looking for really comfortable cleats they are not these, the padding is nearly nonexistent, but they do make it easy to keep your footing.
B008A6YIFO AMAZING works well is very nice my daughter plays with them for every game and won the mini championshispd in them! hey make her 100% better
B008A6YJDU Arrived on time and fit true to size I ordered these for my daughter.They fit.She has not used them yet.They arrived quickly.She is pleased with the bright color.
B008A6YJDU Awesome for Rugby I purchased these cleats for Rugby and so far they are great. I got them in my size and they were pretty tight at first but after a few practices they fit nicely.
B008A6YRP0 Daughter Loves Them My daughter was looking for lighter cleats to help her speed on the field.  These shoes fit the bill and according to her are so comfortable it's like she's not wearing anything.  Easy to clean up when they get dirty and so far they've held up pretty well through bi-weekly practices and tournaments.  Her favorite thing is the color combination which matches her team colors exactly.
B008A6YSR2 Fits but kind of hurts Bought these for rugby, bad choice, they run a little small and the back hurts, also narrow at the front but after wetting them a couple of times and softening them, they became better. Good for soccer or something, but not heavy duty game like rugby
B008A6YWMI ripped The shoes fit fine and I like how they look but they were made very poorly. After wearing them twice the fabric ripped from the side and made a hole in the shoe.
B008A6Z2KE NO EXCHANGES?! The review is not for the shoe, puma makes the shoes and not backstreet shoes. As for backstreet shoes, they do not offer exchanges and force you to order a new shoe? I understand policy is policy but I have never come across a shoe store that does not offer to exchange its products.... anyways if you know your size exactly then order here if you do not know your size then oh well you have to go through a hassle to get your money back. In addition these people do not return calls whatsoever I called twice left two voicemails... horrible customer service! good luck with future sales...
B008A6Z2KE wears quickly the size is ok but it took few months to totally wear out. I didnt expect that Puma it might be the last time because it is the 2nd time to happen
B008A6Z2KE Perfect shoes, fits as expected. Love the color The shoes is one of the most comfortable one I ever had. The bottom part is comfy and feels great. The style is similar to polo brand, but is not the exact the same. I used to have the polo and it fell apart in two weeks. this one seems to be solid and good quality. would try other colors if budget allow me. so far I have used this show everyday for a month and no problem yet.
B008A77PNA Sick shoes Awesome, sick stylish, comfy the perf looks cool and keeps ur feet cooler then other shoes too, and cuz of that they bend easy at the top of the foot so strait out the box they're good to go with no brake in period, for the money they r just a strait deal
B008A77SH8 terrible product this product is the worst I've ever bought in Amazon in terms of sneakers, with just 1 month of having them the cloth was torn. I'd never recommend this product to anyone. dont buy it!
B008A77SH8 too flexible for my feet If you have thick feet like myself the soft nature of the shoe does not hold its shape and looks somewhat deformed if you have skinny feet than it is great but if your feet are thick dont get it
B008A77TYK Much Appreciated A company that holds true to their word is one that I will return to. The size I selected fit perfectly sine I did a size chart comparison to Nike since that is what I mostly wear and I'm very satisfied. Classic look with a lil hint of a new school edge.Great buy,Vanix
B008A77TYK Fell Apart Nice style and comfortable. The sole started to fall apart and tear away from the heel quickly.  Too bad.  They only lasted a couple months.  Wish I could get my money back.
B008AH398A Cute warmups for toddlers! I love this warmup set for my daughter...color is pretty accurate on-screen; is more of a violet-pink color (read: a lighter shade of the &#34;magenta&#34; from the Crayola box) than a bright pink. It's just cozy and warm enough for cooler spring nights. When it gets too warm for the whole set, I hope to at least use the jacket or pants by themselves! I will note that I'm on my second order of this set - the first one that was sent to me ended up with a hole in the rear after the first wash (she hadn't even worn it yet, since I wash her clothes before she wears them). Amazon customer service (I used the online chat) was great about the return, even shipped the replacement set the following morning without even having my damaged one returned yet!
B008AH398A Functional but not very fashionable This kept my 4 year old warm but I wish it had more girly features - like ruffles or something else.
B008AH398A Sporty This set is exactly what it should be. It is well constructed and is exactly what a sports outfit should be.j
B008AH398A Clothes is too tight It is soft and feels good, I like the color too. However, the pants and clthoes don't fit. The pant is too long and clothes is too tight,
B008AH39YE Perfect for After Ballet I purchased this for my daughter to wear before and after ballet as her leotard isn't warm enough in the winter, not do I like her wearing a leotard and tights if we have to go run errands. Perfect fit!
B008AH39YE Puma for Girls Super Price on these  items! Sizing runs small though.  Buy larger one or even two sizes. My grandaughter loves them!
B008AHA8A2 advisable The quality of the fabric is divine, washed and does not affect the texture, fantastic colors besides being very warm for winter.
B008AHA8A2 So sporty My son looks so sporty in this outfit.  It fits him great and everyone compliments him on his sporty fashion sense.
B008AHA8A2 My son looks like a Sicilian mobster I bought this for my 12 month old son.  He looks great in it.  The ladies at daycare love it, they call him Hugh Heftner.  I think he looks more like an Sicilian on vacation, especially when i add a gold chain to it.  Gotta get some matching kicks too!
B008AHFYLA Too small! I would love to see my baby wearing this lovely Puma. She is 1 year, and I purcheased a 12 month. It is too small,and may fit a 6month baby.
B008AHFYLA Looks great This looks adorable on my toddler. The quality is wonderful and we get loads of compliments whenever she wears it.
B008AHFYLA Love this suit! I originally bought this size 12 months in a different color and loved it so much that I bought this one in 18 months for my daughter. G
B008AHIV9M giant I don't know what 2-7 these are for but they are more like 12. would not rec. and would have sent back but not worth it.
B008AILF9Y great color, light shoe but too large I usually take a size 9 shoe, this one had about 3/4 of an inch to an inch too long for a nine.  Also, the fit in the width was a little sloppy even with wearing summer sport socks. Since the inner sole/footbed is a rubberized material, the foot may sweat (like a pair of my summer crocs do) in the summer heat.  The cushioning and the somewhat pebbled texture of that rubberized insole is fine, as is the inside of the top and sides.  I chose to return them instead of trying a smaller size, since an 8.5 was not available; only an 8.0.
B008AILK7Q Great boat/water shoe I took these fancy kicks to Key west and did some flats fishing. They are very comfortable and now prefer these over my Sperrys. They also look great roaming around the streets. Just remember your feet will get dirty from the open holes and if your dry try to not step in any puddles.
B008AILK7Q Light and cool, but not soft enough inside I bought them looking for comfortable shoes due to foot pain. They are soft, but not a good option if you have to walk a lot or go uphill and inside they are not soft enough for a shoe, it is impossible to me to thing about use them without socks!
B008AILKZ8 Tennis shoe purchase I liked it a lot it fit well and I use it every day. The price was right and I like all puma product.
B008AILQJI Great quality but one fatal flaw The overall design and quality of the shoes is fantastic. However the tread on the bottoms are in a diamond shape and they create a suction to any flat surface you step on. This is not a problem outside but inside it creates a loud annoying noise. I really wanted to love these but it's a deal breaker for me.
B008AILQJI Suck untill broke in Very uncomfortable until they are broke in but once you break them in they get better. They are really light shoes too.
B008AILQJI Good, lightweight shoe Very lightweight and good looking shoe. The only thing that kept it from 5 stars is that the insole fabric quickly peeled off and had to be replaced by store bought ones. Gods show that is holding up to abuse.The sneakers do squeak when you walk on hard surfaces like the bottom is made of suction cups.
B008AILQJI Got for ~ 20$ I am glad I got theses for a decent price. I like how light the shoes feel on my feet like they are nearly weightless. Maybe its just me but I think the soles on certain flat surfaces make weird noises. I would really enjoy them more if they didn't have that issue.
B008AILQJI Noisy, hard, overall good. They make a lot of noise, like walking on a thousand mini suction cups; people tend to look down to see what's happening. I liked them though, they are extremely light, but tend to be hard on the back of your ankle (Band-aids sometimes needed)
B008AILQJI Grandson's Favorite Shoes Our grandson opened these with excitement. He put them on immediately and wore them the rest of the day. He is a freshman in college.
B008AJ5B4S It is decent Good comfort with a closer feel to the ground to get more grip on the ball and helps with not slipping. Just be cautious with the terrain you are playing in, can really rub away.
B008AJNR0I I love it This one is completly ok. And i loved it and i recomend to all.I am realy glad and happy...
B008AJOHXO Snappy Sweet design - fits a little snug, but can be expected since I have wider than normal feet. Limited Edition.
B008AJYN8I Beautiful this shoes are so beautiful,,,,when I used it...instantly I can run so fast...never can imagine that this sneakers was marvelous
B008AJZ5OO Pumas shoes looked  for a long time for the cheapest price I could find anywhere on the internet I am very happy
B008AJZ5OO I love it It doe fits very well. It is like in the pictures; so pretty and so classy.it is so comfortable.
B008AJZ5OO PUMA rocks The style is cool and size fit as expected, I like the color very much!!!! last puma rocks as always
B008AJZ5OO puma future cat These shoes are the best fit for me and I have purchased all the various colors and am always on the lookout for more colors. This is the only brand of shoe I buy because I can always count on the best fit every time.  Keep doing what you do well.
B008AJZ5OO Great item: Amazing fashion look so sporty and you can wear them with shorts, jeans, puma sport pants and combo jacket Puma or Express.
B008AJZ5OO WOW DISCLAIMER:  This review is bias towards Puma. First Of all, 90% Of My footwear is Puma. They should Make a motion picture about The story Of This two brothers, Rudolph and Adolf (Adi, The founder Of Adidas) Two Germ&aacute;n brothers who start a shoe Company in The 1920's One joins The war and rumors Claim he Was a Wafen SS Member,The other like everyone else is forc&eacute; to convert his Company into a combat boot manufacturer for The Nazis. At The end Of The war both brothers ar&eacute; at odds WITH each other about their roles in The war that They split The Company and form two companies, Puma, Adidas. I Love Pumas for their slick slipper like design. Just sitting in My closet They look like They ar&eacute; running LOL in My opini&oacute;n They ar&eacute; The best looking sport Shoes in The market. Bias Or not THE BEST BUY.
B008AJZBG6 Perfect They're original. I brought them to Europe and it's hard to find similar ones. Looks and wear great. Just love them.
B008AJZI5K awesome look Like that style and its material. Dont know whats wrong but shoe size is somewhat smaller than all other sneakers that I have.Only good for few hours use, If I use this for long period of time (more than 3-4 hrs or walking fast or make some movement) i can  feel it kicking in my toe. Quite annoyed.  was going to return however love that outlook so keep it for some event. not recommend for daily use.
B008AK6Q8C .. Can't complain they were perfect . Now need to get the rest of the family pumas. See what other styles are out
B008AK6Q8C small/tight little tight.look  ugly when i wear with jeans. if possible i want to return it.thank you .no more this item.
B008AK6Q8C my favorite everything arrived in good condition thank you very much continue to work wellthis was my best productmy favorite
B008AKO0BM Well suited for it's intended purpose Let me start by saying, these are driving shoes. They are not designed for walking or running. I wouldn't want to do either for a very long distance in these shoes. They do not have enough padding for that. They are designed for driving and are well suited for that purpose. The heel is well rounded making it easy on the carpet in the footwell and easy to pivot your foot from one pedal to another. The soles are narrower than the upper part of the shoe which makes its very easy to maneuver your feet from gas to clutch to brake in a car with close pedal spacing and a narrow footwell. The soles are smooth on the sides and are thin with a slight tread on the bottom.There are no sharp edges or lugs on the soles, so they won't catch on the pedals. There is a very thin padded insert inside the shoe which gives good feel for the pedals. These shoes are snug by design. If in doubt as to size, I would order the next 1/2 size larger.
B008AKO0BM Advices This is an amazing shoe! get lot's of comment and look really nice! These are not walking or running shoes, I only wear them when I go out with friends, or go to the mall etc.I got the black ones however, if yellow is your second choice go for yellow, it will have more attention and easy to spot. Also, my black ones are a bit too tight, that is why I advice you to get a 1/2 size bigger! ;)
B008AKOFGW runs small Not for daily wear but they are ok
B008AL2UCC Little different than what I expected. The shoe actually looked a lot longer and more skinny than it did on the picture. But I have no complaints. It fits well on my feet and it is pretty comfortable. Sole is pretty thin so may want to get a different sole to be more comfortable if you have flat feet or something.
B008AL2UCC mariauxi puma s opinion I highly recomend this product because  of its quality and also well desing . comfort . price and brand name
B008AL33QE Awesome Just awesome to wear
B008AL33QE it pays to pay No matter what puma I buy they are always the best comfortable from the get go no need to break in
B008AL36G6 UPPER IS NOT LEATHER Price was okey, but uppers is posted as leather, and is not, is a sort of PU and looks very cheap, have used them only a couple times and looks like the material is going to crack.
B008AL36G6 Sizing off In most pumas they run too small.  These ran to big.  There also wasn't much lining inside the shoe which made them uncomfortable.  Had to return.
B008AL36G6 Puma Mens Jiya Sneaker This is a great looking shoe. It fitted OK, but it would be good if it was available in a wider fitting. I purchased another similar Puma shoe, except it had a double strap. The problem with both styles is getting the velcro straps to sit flat. My right foot is slightly misshaped from an accident that I had many years ago, and the straps pucker badly and won't sit flat when fastened. Even with my left foot, which is a relatively normal shape, the velcro straps don't want to sit flat. I think I will look at something with laces.
B008AL36G6 Shoes okay. Very beautiful, very stylish.Workmanship not imagine better.Foot lanky person wearing the shoe fit.Will recommend to my friends.
B008AL3L0C quite stylish... and quite tight Puma has spoiled me with their Mostro shoes.  The Mostro is a low-profile model that has become my standard by which future sneakers shall be judged in terms of fit and comfort.Unfortunately, my driving style wreaks havoc on the Mostro's knobby heel/sole, and I grew tired of prematurely wearing them down.  The Mostro Reluxe doesn't have the knobby sole, but it's too pricey for use as a daily driver and has rather thin/short rubber at the heel, so I went on the hunt for an affordable wrap heel shoe that would better endure my pedal-pivoting tendencies.  I also wanted a nice looking and unique shoe.There's no denying the attractiveness of the Hyper Driver. It's a pretty shoe, to be sure.  Puma is a master of creating good-looking fashion sneakers.One reason I ordered from Amazon is because I couldn't find them in Shadow color anywhere else.  Not only do I prefer this over the black version, but the fact that shadow is apparently somewhat rare also boosts the shoe's overall appeal.Although I wasn't expecting the Hyper Driver to fit exactly like the Mostro, I did have high hopes that it would at least be wearable.Sadly, that is not the case.  Whoever designed the lasts for this model cannot be the same designer(s) of the Mostro.  The two models are worlds apart where comfort is concerned.One thing I immediately noticed as I stood in the Hyper Drivers for the first time was that the insole, which isn't removable like the Mostro's, is cut in such a way that one's big toe and ball of the foot ride on its edge.  This is very noticeable while standing or walking.  It is at least highly distracting and annoying, and has the potential for becoming uncomfortable, though perhaps not painfully so, after wearing the shoes for a while.The length is fine -- caveat: as with the Mostros and Puma in general, one typically needs a full size larger than competing brands.  The width is fine.  The heel counter is fine.  The arch support is fine, although it seems a bit shallower than the Mostro.  The tongue feels ok, but tends to slide in toward the toes and thus get jammed during foot insertion; it's difficult to avoid this.The worst problem with this model is the metatarsal (instep, or vamp if you prefer) section.The areas of the metatarsophalangeal joint (big toe lower metatarsal knuckle) and cuneonavicular joint (upper knuckle) are tight enough to hurt.  The discomfort in my case continued for about 15 minutes after I removed the shoes -- I only had them on for a couple of minutes test fitting them.Yes, they're slip-ons and one should expect a certain amount of pressure to keep them on one's feet.  However, other slip-ons don't have this problem and they stay on just fine.Furthermore, my test fitting was with the thinnest GoldToe lo-cut PowerSox I own (old version, before the more heavily padded redesign) -- for those who don't know, these are some of the thinnest sneaker/sport type socks available -- which means my feet would be even angrier at me were I to ever wear thicker socks with these shoes.Contrary to the seller description, this model does not have a hook and loop closure (the Mostro, however, does).  The pics don't lie:  the Hyper Driver has non-adjustable elastic straps that are permanently sewn in place.At first I thought the elastic straps were mostly responsible for my pain.  Upon closer examination, I found that the seams/cuts are such that it would take a spot stretcher to loosen it up enough, if even possible, and using one would certainly distort the lovely profile of the shoe.Put another way, spot stretching a comfort bulge would put a serious dent in the shoe's aesthetic appeal.The only other pair of shoes I've had this problem with were leather Reeboks from many years ago.  They also looked snazzy, which is valueless if they hurt too much to wear.  I never did attempt to stretch them, instead wearing them for a time in an effort to break this area in.  It never happened.Lesson learned: if the shoes constrict, you must convict.So, back to Amazon they go.If you have small foot bones and flat feet, these shoes might feel good on you (except perhaps the insole edge).  I have average/normal arches and these shoes are tight enough to hurt my feet.The 2 stars are for aesthetics alone.
B008AL3L0C hard to put on I do not like these shoes. I have a high instep, and putting them on is a real struggle. Once on they fit well however, when they are on, at every step, the heel rubs against the slipper backside, making walking unpleasant and ending up with a chafed heel.Maybe they are intended to be kept in the car and worn exclusively when driving: that option does not suit me.Of the several pair of driving shoes I own, including two loafers, these are the worst. If they were available with velcro straps or regular ties they would definitely be better.
B008AL3L0C Puma has great products  this is not one of them! Really like everyone else said:  One of  those things where its a great concept in design not very practical  in day to day use.  Very narrow width..uncomfortable to wear..I had to purchase shoe stretchers to see if it will help..but al in all I would not reccomend them to anyone.
B008AL3L0C OK OK
B008AL3L0C too tight on the sides. Too tight on the sides and when the shoe bends during a natural forward step, it gets tighter on the sides.
B008AL4BLU Puma fanatic I love Pumas, and how this shoe looks.  The only problem is the sole seems to be thin, so I feel everything I step on. I would give it a 5 star rating if it wasn't for that.
B008ALI936 Comfortable and Puma made quality I like the shoes for the comfort, no break-in time, and classic look. Think the classic mat shoe for a dojo. Comfortable, easy to move your foot in. The only down to them is they are so bright white and tough to keep pretty pretty.
B008ALI936 all is ok All right I'm perfect the size and color I like I will continue buying from amazon i have mis shoes in ba&ntilde;os ecuador in this moment
B008ALI936 High quality shoe! These Puma shoes are awesome! They looked better than pictured.  I've received lots of compliments on them already.  The product is just as described in the listing. Quick and easy delivery.
B008ALI936 It fit as I expected!!! The size fits perfectly, Color its cool. I do not like much that is synthetic leather and lightweight, but it's okay.
B008ALI936 i got cheated fake shoes, not real Puma, is like plastici got it, and i used one time,,simply i got cheated
B008ALJ8S6 Better than most I have tried I have had a lot os surgery and still have steel pins, etc in my feet.  This is, so far, the most comfortable shoe I have tried.  Most reasonably priced shoes only come in Wide width and I require a Mediun (D) width.
B008ALMBVM Bad product DO NOT BUY this product, it won't last. These boots fit perfectly and they are light and stylish but after only 5 games the sole on both cleats came unglued. Not sure how it happened but if you are going to spend money look for a different pair of pumas.However, Amazon did send me a refund.
B008ALMBVM Good for Wide Feet Finding boots for a wide forefoot is a nightmare.  These are a godsend.  They are as light as a feather, and they were relatively painless to break in.  Yes they're expensive, but in this case you get what you pay for.
B008ALMBVM Awesome shoe Light as a feather, fits like a glove or sock however you want to put it. Great grip and traction.
B008ALWBFS Excelente producto PUMA Men's Universal IT Soccer Cleat,Black/White/Ribbon Red,8 D US Excelente producto PUMA Men's Universal IT Soccer Cleat,Black/White/Ribbon Red,8 D US casi q juegan solo estos zapatos y mas nada
B008ALWBFS Fits well. Comfortable. For a soccer shoe the size is perfect. Not large, but not too tight. It also has good grip.No longer information, because I`ve just started to use.
B008ALWBFS Good job!! Came exactly on time shoes fit very well and the most impressive thing was that they looked identical to the picture that was posted
B008ALWDZG Great recreational cleat No one should expect a 45 dollar cleat to excel at the D1 or professional level. However, the cleats fit well on my wide feet, are comfortable enough to walk around with for hours, and seem to grip the turf just the way I want them to. Bottom line, if you aren't in one of the two categories listed above, you should save your money and get these cleats.
B008ALWDZG Tournament I purchased these cleats before a tournament and they felt comfortable. Ive had these cleats for about a month now and they are great for the price.
B008ALWEDW Try you wouldn't cry In the begining, I was thinking it would be good enough, but after I put it on and play with it, I loved it exteremly. And I'm thinking to buy another one for my friend as a gift.
B008ALWEDW preliminary review The material is good, a little softer and tackier than your average cheapo synthetic leather. The fit is great for an average foot, not as wide as mine, but it can stretch. The sole seems grippy, I haven't played with it yet, so I will update accordingly, but it has the right amount of flex for indoor soccer. There is a Momentta that looks the same but is real leather for $65, so you can check that out as well. I didn't mind the synthetic because it's half the weight, and half the price as well...
B008ALX6SO Good universal shoe for soccer Like others purchased this for coaching kids soccer. Is this a serious soccer shoe? No. Is it good for demonstrating moves, roaming the sidelines and having decent traction in the grass and dirt? Yes. Like other soccer shoes, the fit is tight so size up a bit if you purchase these and don't expect that these are comfortable all-day shoes. They are purpose-made for soccer and not for hanging out (like the Adidas Samba's for example).
B008ALX6SO Small fit Ran very small for an 11.5 Traction ok not great on field turf, better for real grass or indoor surfaces
B008ALX6SO Great for artificial turf Deeper cleats tend to hurt my feet when running around and playing sports. These have an even, flat feel with no pressure points that is nearly as comfortable as my every day shoes. They also give great traction in rain/snow on artificial turf. I don't use them for much else so I couldn't say how they might perform on other surfaces.
B008ALX6SO Very soft and confortable It is a great soft shoe for high level players. Great for sintetic court... I realy recommned it for any type of court
B008ALX6SO Poor quality for my $$$ I wasn't impressed with the quality of the product. feels flimsy and lacks actual playing support.For the amount I paid it is not worth the money.
B008ALX6SO PUMA Men's Universal TT Soccer Cleat,Black/White/Ribbon Red,11 D US review very nice shoes i already used and they are wjhat i was looking for.thank you so much for it. as usual amazon is my best shopping friend
B008ALX6SO soild cleat i use these to coach on grass outdoors so i get a little better grip although the kids got a kick out of me busting my ass with running shoes on. What youd expect from a puma cleat not much padding but durable and the fit is a true to your size. Got it for the price it was well worth it instead of spending 100 bucks on a pair of shoes
B008ALX6SO perfict still exist I choose this rating bc puma is a great brand plus amazon did every thing in order to ensure great setvice. I scored 5 golas already hmm.Eather i am good soccer player or my puma cleats is good hmmm.
B008ALX6SO Siza seems to be wrong I bought a 10.5 US men size shoe but it looks like a 9.5 US Women..... It doesn't fit!!!!!!!!!!! I lost my money...
B008ALX6SO Comfortable, Good ball control, Poor laces It is very comfortable. Moulds to fit your feet. good handling and control of the ball. The laces slip a bit so you often have to retie your laces during the match. also it doesn't have much padding so be prepared to feel some rough tackles through the cleats. All told, I am happy with the purchase.
B008ALXEBS not such great quality we received my husbands soccer shoes and noticed they LOOK like plastic! I mean, sure they are man-made, but super cheap looking. I'm not sure I would have purchased these in the shop. There is a wrinkle in the seam, perhaps a mass manufacturing miss-hap, I suppose. they serve the purpose, they are comfortable but poor looking quality.
B008ALXEBS I wear these instead of my $200+ SLs I like these cleats. They are solid shoes, with a good touch. I've been wearing them alot instead of my Addidas F-30 Turf cleats, or my Puma 1.11SL + my Puma 1.12 SLs. These cleats are good solid buy. They are comfortable and don't look like they are about to tear (all my $200+ SuperLites are usually just glued together, these are glued and stitched). Common ball shots and passes are normal. Can place shots well, and slot passes through tight gaps. As for unusual shots or passes, my Tres-Dedos (striking the ball with the outside 3-toes of my right foot to get a good crescent moon swerve) has been more reliable than with any cleats I've owned for the last 2 or 3 years, but not as wildly physics defying as with my puma 2.10(i) from a few years back. Ok, need to rap this up before I start getting all sentimental and telling stories of the awesome things done with shoes past. I like these and recommend them for everyday wear and for soccer anywhere. Big selling point, I can wear them anywhere, and get in a game anytme, anywhere.
B008ALXEBS These shoes were exactly what I ordered. They were delivered promptly and the size was correct the first time.
B008ALXEBS Solid Shoe In a world of some really terrible turf/training shoes, these are pretty solid. 2 months in, and they are very solid with a great touch.
B008ALXU2Q Good for futbol Been using boots all my life, different brands and all and Puma is one of my favorites, if not the favorites. It has the special curve downwards that make the kick closer to the ground and better control of the ball. No wonder Maradona always used them.
B008ALXU2Q Great cleats I liked these cleats. They fit true to size. I would recommend buying these cleats. T hey were exactly as described
B008ALXU2Q eh...  not overly impressed They fit a bit small, so order a 1/2 size up.  Also, I haven't broken them in yet so that is something to consider.  One thing worth mentioning, one shoe almost feels as if the sole is crooked.  It feels like your foot is falling to the side of the spikes.  I haven't had a chance to fully use these yet however.  All in all, I can't recommend purchasing these based on initial impressions.
B008ALXVMK Nice boots Great light boots. They also have a good touch on the ball too. My only complaint is the way they cold at the top of the foot near the lacing can rub a blister on your toe knuckles. I'd probably run some tape round the middle three toes till the boots are properly broken in. Also, you could wear thicker socks... Other than that , good price am solid light weight boots.
B008ALXVMK length was right, but too small everywhere else Not a fan, too small in the volume, the length was right on though. seemed like decent cleats, the mix of synthetic half way up the forefoot with leather seems like it would have been problematic over time so I sent them back.
B008ALXVMK Amazing Cleats, Fit Like a Dream I don't think I've ever had cleats fit as well as these do. Ordered my size and was extremely happy with them. They perform superbly and are durable. Puma switched from k-leather to calf-skin leather to cut costs, but don't let that scare you. You won't likely notice a difference in performance or durability, and you'll save quite a lot of money over comparable cleats. These are high end cleats at a mid-level price.
B008ALXVMK Move over Copa Mundials, The Puma King is my new shoe I wore Copa Mundials for years and decided to try something new and am glad I did.  The fit is similar to the Copas but I like the stud pattern better and I feel like I get a more solid hit on the ball with the Pumas.
B008ALXVMK Decent shoes, good touch. The first pair arrived with a broken shoelace eyehole.  Amazon was superb with immediately sending a replacement.I'm still breaking the boots in.  They are very true-to-size (measuring against the giant metal shoe sizers in shoe stores).  If you're between sizes go with the smaller one, as the leather stretches.Beyond that, these are much wider than Adidas or Nike shoes I tried on, so they should be great for those with wide feet.No input on durability yet.
B008ALXVMK diferent shoes Hi, I just get my shoes. I try them today and just noticed that one of them is Puma spirit and the other is Puma KIng. I tought both was Puma king.I want a full refind of my money
B008ALY0ZM some what small i do like my shoes just wanted to see if we can swap them but at  the website it said they didn't have it on stock, that's the only thing I didn't like, other than that, I thought it was going to be easy to swap, but so far no answer
B008ALY0ZM Dig these Love the look of these! Got them primarily because of the colors - Colombia! But they are comfortable and well made too. Overall very happy with this purchase.
B008ALY0ZM Great soccer turf shoe Bought these for our 10 yr old daughter for winter indoor league and these have been the best ones we have purchased.  To a point were she wears them to school as well.  True to size...
B008ALYJQW Good for the price I have never owned cleats before, so I didn't/don't know what I'm fully getting in to.  I use these cleats for playing Ultimate Frisbee three times a week for up to 2 hours at a time.  At first I was worried about the shoes being too tight a fit, maybe not wide enough.  But from the get go I didn't have any issues while playing.So, these cleats after months of plays are amazing, great for the price.  My only gripe is that the shoes don't seem to breath, they hold in the sweat, and after time will reek incredibly.  People will be looking around for the nearby sewer leak, and you'll try hiding these without anyone noticing.  So, I'm trying to clean them, but the smell isn't coming out easily.  Any suggestions would be helpful.
B008ALYJQW Timely Delivery. No problems with it so far. Will recommend others to purchase. Worth more than how much it actually costs. Great buy!
B008AWU21W Comfy, Light, and no laces I wear them to work and stand in them all day. I hate laces and these slip on and off easily.
B008AWU21W good look.... how many black shoes with white soles can one own? well it turns out i have about 10! lol these make me happy everytime i put them on. great construction. great comfort and they look fantastic. my only gripe is, they run SUPER LARGE! i usually wear 13-14 and these feel like 15s on my feet. next time, im getting a size 13.
B008AWU21W shoes this is the best sneakers i have own for myself my friends and family wants to still it from me.
B008AWU21W Always on point! One of my favorite brands for tennis shoes. Colors of my favorite NBA team - New Orleans Pelicans. Geaux Pelucans. Puma is always on point!
B008AWU21W All that and more. Well padded interior; Great foot support; excellent for walking and light sport activities. Most importantly, a fashion statement. Get it if you can at Puma's website. It is cheaper there...also on sale at Foot  locker's website for much less.
B008AWU21W The Bomb These shoes are the bomb. I couldn't design a pair better than these. I have been looking for a long time for a slip on mid top that was easy to get on and off and fit good. I don't like wearing boots in warmer weather when I'm riding my Harley and shoes with laces are always coming undone.
B008AWU21W they are cool if you know what i mean it was cool. i would reccommend it to anyone looking for some cool stuff.. its fashionable. yeah i like it.
B008AWUB54 Puma Faas 350S These were a gift so I am not able to provide information.  Sorry I cannot be more specific about this purchase.
B008AWW7Y2 cheap and poorly sized These are lousy sneakers.  I usually wear a 10.5 and these must be a 10.5 mens even though they were listed as womens.  They are cheap, have no lateral support and are made terribly.  I threw them on and wore them out so I can't return them. Total waste of money
B008AWW7Y2 Great buy! Perfect fit, exactly as pictured, my favorite pair! Matches my #3 in the nation Az wildcats gear! Can't wait to sport them for PAC 12 tourney in Vegas!
B008AWW7Y2 Fit perfect, comfortable, tons of compliments. I don't know if the picture is universally appealing for this, it was to me.  Glad I got these because EVERYONE tells me how nice they look.  Just like the Reebok R12 TXT sneakers I got, I wore these at Comic Con in Salt Lake City and they were way comfortable and made it so my feet didn't hurt after being there 8-9 hours walking and standing a lot.They actually look way awesome in real life if the picture doesn't show that.  They worked very well walking around Salt Lake City streets as well while going places to eat and shopping.
B008AWYIXU Hot Buy If you love puma these are hot and need to be in rotation. I say make it happen if not you are missing out.
B008AWYIXU COLORS ARE AMAZING VERY VERY COMFORTABLE AND STYLISH TOO, I ONLY WEAR THESE ON SUPER SPECIAL OCCASIONS!!! Thanks puma keep coming with high top styles!!
B008AXTOQ0 One of PUMAS Best! Comfy, stylish, and one of my favorite styles made by PUMA. The color scheme I got: grey and pimento orange are great and stand out in a crowd... Just how I like!
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Voltaic 4 Scores I've had multiple shoes from each of the Voltaic model series since the first one. Voltaic (1) was awesome, and then came some fairly miserable tweaks that actually degraded comfort and ease of putting them on or taking off. Really happy to say that Puma nailed it once again with Voltaic 4. It's tongue-less, lightweight, and high level of comfort makes this design top notch very much like the first Voltaic. Now that I found these are so good, I am looking to buy more before they disappear. I'm not at all convinced that you can get a more easy and comfortable design than this, so I am betting the next Voltaic model will be worse, or at the very best, the same. Buy these while you still can. Note: I always buy these Pumas 1/2 size larger than my normal (e.g. leather) shoe size. They do run on the small side.
B008AXTOQ0 Amazing This shoes looks amazin in real, much more that u can apreciate in the pictures. Really Confortables, and so easy to use. I love it so far!.The size fits as expected.
B008AXTOQ0 Front is tight Front is little tight I can't wear the shoes  . They lying under the bed. Want to send back tell me how
B008AXTOQ0 I bought yesterday and I am loving it. I liked these shoes, its design and fitting. these are comfortable and balanced, i feel like cushion while walking.Thanks PUMA!
B008AXTOQ0 its Alright The fitting is nice although i have room left in the front portion. The shoe looks amazing thought. Beautiful color combination and strong side soles. The strapless is pretty new to me and it looks and feels a bit different, but hopefully get used to it. Not that light in weight as i hoped but not also very heavy. Its rather good for a Puma.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe comfy, i bought it on my recent trip to new york, so it came in handy better than wearing dress shoes for walking 4 hrs.the only caveat is it was very snug and tight, but i guess thats ok.
B008AXTOQ0 Couldn't ask for anything better I purchased three pairs of these shoes for each of my very different sons.  Running the gamut, my three boys' age span from 18 to 28 years of age.  All three liked the style and fit.  I liked the price.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe, i have never purchased a PUMA and this will not be the last! i have never purchased a PUMA and this will not be the last!SHipping was a little slow but not out of reasonI will purchase again and if this vender has the best price and low cost to no shipping it will be with them
B008AXTOQ0 uncomfortable The product looks cool but is not functional. They were stiff and uncomfortable. I hope other puma products are better.
B008AXTOQ0 it fits my needs perfectly I bought this item for me and my entire crew.  I own an event management company and our colours are blue and orange so it fitted my needs perfectly.  The fit is extremely comfortable.  At first, one may find it somewhat tight as the tongue is not separate to the shoe.  This simply takes getting used to...in very little time, the material stretches to fit the individual and the entire crew is happy with it.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma snickers because this model have three different color that you can use witch different pants and I feel comfortable witch the Pima brand , it's my second pair of snickers
B008AXTOQ0 Compared to Cortez (gangster nike's) I buy Cortez and the same size. The shoe looks great in every way and feels stiff at first but that's a good thing to me.
B008AXTOQ0 Thanks I like it a lot ! The style is a color I favor. Not fitted as I expected though but it's very stylish
B008AXTOQ0 puma voltaic 4 already had 2 pairs of the 3s and liked the looks of these. these pumas tend to be very snug but seem to strech out a bit as you were them. after first couple uses dont pinch much and fit well.
B008AXTOQ0 perfect for me I've purchased Puma's for years now their fit and feel are perfect, and like the puma style,  I buy nothing else
B008AXTOQ0 Pretty comfortable, but they do have some workmanship issues The stitching around the tongue started to pull out not long after I got them. They are comfortable and I still wear them, but they look like they're coming apart near the top of the laces. They do seem to fit well though and I like wearing them, just wish they were more durable.
B008AXTOQ0 fitting you do need to buy at least a size larger. fits perfetly as suggested by other customers who suggested this.
B008AXTOQ0 Bought for my son My son wears a 10 1/2 shoe...the Puma Voltaic 4 M fit perfect. He likes them better than his prior Nike's or Adidas. I like them for the neon reflective blinding green that showed in the pictures. He wears them running or riding his bike, you can miss him. Of coarse he likes them because they are annoying.
B008AXTOQ0 Great gift@ I bought these as a gift for someone and they fit very well. He likes Pumas and has them in at least 10 different colors. We will keep watching for new colors that are not normally available in regular stores.
B008AXTOQ0 new pumas are great They fit as expected.  They were sliding off the heel at first use, but 10 min on a treadmill solved that.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome shoe! Exactly as expected.  Replacement for my Voltaic 3 sneakers.  These are actually better.  They slip on better compare to the Voltaic 3s.
B008AXTOQ0 amazing for the price well....i use nike since many years and i buy this puma because the style was amazing and the price to 53$...and wowww i feel better in the puma,i want buy 2 or 3 others,the look and the confort is so good,everybody in the gym flash on my shoes green black fluo.i recommended,the size feet well!!
B008AXTOQ0 attention getter Beautiful design....but a little too snug for a size 12. The shoe does get a lot of attention.Over-all pleased.
B008AXTOQ0 EXCELLENT NICE SHOE EXCELLENT PRODUCTTHE BEST PURCHASE IMPOSIBLEPUMA VOLTAIC IS AMAZINGTHE COLOR LIKE EVERYBODY SPECIALTLY YOUNGS PEOPLEJUST IT PUMA
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Pumas always seem to run small on me, but being aware of this I ordered half a size down, and these fit perfect. The black seems soft but solid while the orange does its job well by simply popping. I can't speak for the quality of the material yet. I got these to replace my last Pumas which I wore daily for four years, including in the studio and working outside in the Texas heat, and they stood up til the end.
B008AXTOQ0 well.............. So this is the 4th pair of these i have bought for work and 2 for play this newer version looks alittle better but it definitely runs runs buy a 1/2 siz bigger why they had to change a good thing
B008AXTOQ0 slight  break in period Love the color... Some what tight at first Comfort increases as I wear them and I wear these eight hours a day cleaning carpets and my feet felt fine at the end of the work day
B008AXTOQ0 love it Feels like im wearing flip flops, great support stylish and confortable. I hope they last as long as Nike shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Fits well but a bit brighter than I thought After seeing all of the warnings and after owning another pair of puma's, I decided to buy these at a half size larger than I normally would buy. They fit correctly and perform well for my purposes, which are light running and working out.As my headline warns though, the color of the shoe was a bit brighter than I thought it was going to be. I bought the cherry tomato color and when I got them they are basically a brighter color of the ones you see. No entirely disheartening, as I know it will fade a bit after some wear but something you might want to consider.All in all it's a great shoe. I'd recommend for light to moderate activities.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe Fits wells, comfortable, attached tongue is cool. Slips on and off fairly well even when tied tightly. Lots of bright colors.
B008AXTOQ0 He loved them! I was a little reluctant buying someone else shoes online but I went ahead and got these. He loved them! Said they were comfortable and fit perfect and for the price, how could I pass this up! :)
B008AXTOQ0 BONITOS ME ENCANTA EXELENTE DISE&Ntilde;O BUEN MATERIAL
B008AXTOQ0 As advertised and on time Bought these shoes to match the junior voltaic 3's bc my 7 year old wants me to match him. Nice value for the money and came on time. Fit well...haven't actually run in them yet but they seem well built. Most of the cushioning is in the heel section and they are fairly low to the ground in the front box. I have a wide foot but they seem to fit fine.
B008AXTOQ0 yup it does if I had to buy this in my country I would of paid a pound and a crown, it fit perfect, love the material
B008AXTOQ0 Bright flashy kicks Very bright shoes that fit comfortably. Everybody at the office got a kick out of them. They also turn heads at the gym. Wear them with all my green outfits!
B008AXTOQ0 Very fitted. Got to wear the right pair of sucks. The fit is very fitted, so it MUST be worn with low cut, thin sucks. They are very light on weight and comfortable to wear. I am very pleased.
B008AXTOQ0 Poor quality!!! With very little time to use, these shoes already damaged, I need to provide any response to this situation. refer pictures of the damage.
B008AXTOQ0 I had the Voltaic 2s. The 4s are much tighter in the toe box I don't know why these are cut differently from their previous versions but I couldn't wear them and had to return them
B008AXTOQ0 Quality This shoe is great for any exercising in way of comfort and style. The only down side is that in between moving they do get hot but once you get moving the air vents on the front cool your feat down good.
B008AXTOQ0 Love these shoes The shoes run kind of small but I knew that before hand and ordered two sizes larger than what I would normally wear.  I fit them fine when I have my socks on.The sides are kind of a disappointment.  They aren't like the original Voltaic design with individual stitching on the side designs, and more like one giant plastic design that was sewed on.  But even then, it still looks good, just not what I was expecting when comparing to previous generation of this shoe design.
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Product Puma shoes has always been an excellent brand and has continued to honor their commitment to customers and maintain high product standard.
B008AXTOQ0 very sad about when i saw them for real. they look amazing in the the picture. i want to exchange this for some other puma of the same price or nike of the same price. can i do that. i am in seattle every friday. let me know if i can come to the amazon office and return and ask for different shoes. very unhappy with this choice. broke my heart. I M A SHOE PERSON. and they were not up to my standard.
B008AXTOQ0 Falling a part!!!!! Best shoe ever for about 8 weeks. I have a lot of shoes, so I am not wearing them daily, but just after 8 weeks the backs are falling a part, My be Puma will see this and give me a other pair. I have about 14 pairs of Puma's. Mite be time to try something new.
B008AXTOQ0 I can deal with. Hi,I don't know, I am always wearing size 41 (7.5 us) , but this shoes fell tight on my feet, i think it would be better if it was alittle wider.
B008AXTOQ0 Tongue free design is awesome. These are perfect for weights.  Strong sturdy and a solid design.  The tongue free design is awesome I wish all my shoes had it.  The only thing I don't like is the shiny section on the front (green in my color) is prone to creases.  Other than that I got nothing I highly recommend these if you doing any sorts of cross fit activity.
B008AXTOQ0 Sleek and supportive The black/lime shoe looks good with nicely tailored lines and comfortable support. Worthwhile when I bought it two months ago at $65, it is now $58.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfy and quality. Bought these for my husband as he works at the airport and is on his feet constantly. The second he put them on he was amazed at how comfortable they were. Will definitely be buying these from now on.
B008AXTOQ0 as requested perfect fit, arrived promptly, no issues, gave as gift, much loved, very happy, super awesome, really easy, click and done.
B008AXTOQ0 My son's favorite shoe My son has been wearing this style for several years to work out in (he does not run, but does a lot of other things). They last a long time and probably do not stretch out that much it you actually tied and untied them (just saying!). He liked this particular one so much that he started wearing it to work instead--he is on his feet for hours as a guitar tech at a large music store. They look great with jeans.
B008AXTOQ0 Style color &#128077;&#128077; There perfect size color style I've orders the other style n didn't quit fit right like this much much better
B008AXTOQ0 Been almost a year still holds up well! Been working out every single day now for a year gained 30lbs in the process! These shoes have held up really well through it all the only part that is start to wear is that little tab on the heel; thats it! Really love these shoes the only thing you should know about Puma is that the middle portion of the shoe is a bit narrower so it can be a bit tight on some people.
B008AXW9PI Very affordable and stylish They were everything we expected. They are very lightweight. We bought them for our teenage son, they weren't his first choice. But he liked them when he saw them.
B008AXW9PI Puma TFX Sprint 3 track Shoe These shoes were purchased for sprinting on the track only and the performances was great. Don't try them for other track events they are not designed for.
B008AXW9PI No frills, get the job done, track shoe These track shoes aren't the highest quality of craftsmanship, but they're still holding together well, fit right, and get the job done!
B008AXW9PI Puma Track shoes Son hasnt had a problem .. so far 2, 3rd place finishes and we are expecting a 1st place real soon
B008AXW9PI Amazon is grey Everything I order works flawlessly I love this sight for everything in my house and only regret you can't buy auto parts
B008AXW9PI Track Perfect My son said he likes them alot, the color is what atrracted him, and he has been in 2 meets so far and said they are very comfortable.
B008AXW9PI Puma Men's Track Shoe It is very comfortable and the price is cheap. My son likes it very much. The service is quick. Thanks.
B008AXW9PI Track Spikes My son doesn't care about the color but my daughters really like them.  Shoes had both quality and the price was awesome.
B008AXWA8O Don't say I didn't warn you. First let me say that almost everything about this shoe is exactly what you want and look for in a Puma. The singular flaw of these particular shoes is that the fabric on both sides of the laces is physically wavy when worn; it's these vertically diagonal waves in the fabric over the three neon yellow stripes. It's noticeable from a short distance, so it bothers me. I would normally say that it must be because I got the wrong size, but that's not the problem. I've almost exclusively been wearing Pumas for six years now as my primary shoes. I ordered two pairs of Pumas at the same time two weeks ago, and both are the same size, and the right size, which is the size of all my other eight pairs of Pumas. AND yet, this feature is unique to this pair.When you look at em in the photos they look fine. When you take em out of the box they look fine. When you put em on they don't look right. Don't say I didn't warn you.
B008AXY38Y Mens PUMA Cell Surin CT Shoe I bought these for my son for Christmas and he was extremely happy with them. The truth is I knew he was interested in a pair when I caught him researching them online! We find PUMA shoes very comfortable and reasonably priced.
B008AXY38Y Puma Cell Surin A typically well constructed Puma shoe. The styling is somewhat unusual . It is eye catching and colorful yet has a vague resemblance to golf or bowling shoes. Nevertheless it is appealing and I have received many positive comments at the gym. As usual Puma delivers excellent value for the money.
B008AXY38Y Pumas are good shoes. I have always liked Pumas.  The only ones I don't like are the ones without any padding and no real heel on them, which Puma has quite a bit of out right now.
B008AXY38Y Great shoe, great price............... And super fast delivery. My order was placed on Friday evening. I used the standard free shipping and my ETA given was the following Wednesday-Friday.Sunday morning, a day and a half later, I almost tripped over the package as I walked out my front door. Nice work Amazon warehouse employees and USPS, feel free to use this review when negotiating your next raise, you earned it!!
B008AXY38Y Three Stars Wish I could trade for a 13
B008AXY38Y Returning The shoes are fine they just run large for the name brand. Sometimes these are so demandingLater good night
B008AXY38Y Super sport looks and feels very resistant and comfortable It is very sophisticated ! Super sport looks and feels very resistant and comfortable
B008AXY38Y Three Stars this style felt a little smaller/tighter than my other style puma 11.5 sneakers.
B008AXY38Y Classy I bought them for my husband cause I like the appearance of them. He says they are very comfortable and fit true to size.
B008AXY38Y ok Excelent
B008AXY38Y Looks Great. Wore them only 2 days and already had 3 people ask where I bought them !!!I wish that they were mesh though, they might be pretty warm for the summer.
B008AXY38Y Very Comfortable I am a big guy and typically find it difficult to find sneakers that fit comfortably. These are great. Very comfortable and the size (11-1/2 M), at least for me was true. I've had them for over a month now and have not had any issues.
B008AXY38Y Next level Which is what this PUMA is. The next level up from there swede originals...a staple still! Gotta love their progression.
B008AXY38Y Puma men's running shooe Shoe seems to be of good quality,a bit high priced..Might be hard to keep clean,I suppose i'll find out. Other people seem to like them.
B008AXY38Y What I paid for I have a great show. Nothing bad to say about it. Comfortable and won't fall apart easily. Buy it now or something.
B008AXYILQ sweet bolts love all my puma purchases...waiting for size change on bolts..........they were for my grandson...he loved them he thought they were awesome.........
B008AY1ZNY I should have paid attention to the reviews People said they run a little small. They do. That said, I didn't return them and they stretched a bit and now are a good fit. Very stylish and very comfy.
B008AZD5ZE Great Pumas These sneakers are awesome. They are very comfortable and relaxing. You will not be  unsatisfied buying these kicks. They match with most of my clothes.
B008AZD5ZE One bad feature The inner sole can't be lifted to fit my orthotics under them.  Since so many runners use orthotics when running it's short sighted for Puma to not have the inner cushion removable.
B008AZD5ZE A new fan Was a little worried about them being puma because I hadn't had a good experience with them in the past. But they are great! Fit so awesome! Shipping was insanity fast!
B008AZD5ZE Good shoes. They run a little (very little) on the smallish size, but not unusable. Stylish. Lots of comments and people asking where I got them. People either love them or hate them. Nice conersation starter.
B008AZEC1U Love the design, but... I forget how inflexible the synthetic material is. I've had the shoes since Christmas (3 weeks) and they're still not broken in. Cool design, though, and pretty comfortable even though they're a little stiff.
B008AZEC1U You get what you pay for... I bought these for work. My job is very active, and I am constantly walking back and forth on a concrete floor. So I prefer a light weight running shoe with good cushioning/bounce. But because they are for work, I don't like to pay too much and typically browse items on sale/clearance. I like the way these looked and fit my budget. I've worn Pumas in the past and liked them. However, the picture on here is a little deceiving. The front toe cap looks to be some sort of ventilated mesh. But when they arrived, that obviously was not the case. The whole shoe is this fake, plastic/leather material. It's quite cheap, the shoes are not breathable at all, and after only a week of wearing them, they already display serious signs of wear and tear. The logos and stitching aren't even embroidered; the whole thing is one uniform piece. They almost seem fake; cheap knock-offs. I'll never buy another pair of these and will invest more money in my feet in the future. I don't recommend these at all.
B008AZG59W Pumas rule I have become a Puma convert. Love the lightweight and comfort. The high style and excellent fitis a plus too.
B008AZG59W 1 week soles seperated I like the design, color, fit of the shoes. Unfortunately after one week of wear the soles separated and fell apart. The upper is well made but the rapid separation of the orange outsole and disintegration of the white midsole was very unexpected and unacceptable. After many years of loyal Puma patronage I am very disappointed.
B008AZG59W so confortable They are a little larger than  I need, but they are so confortable, pretty good matterials and it makes my feet allways suepr fresh!!
B008AZG59W Light & durable / not much arch support In person, this shoe is beautiful and everyone is complimenting it. Great fit, very light and durable. However, even with new insoles, it does not provide much arch support. Just something to keep in mind.
B008AZG59W Awsome Cool Colors, feels great when you run. Will buy this shoes again when the one i have starts tearing. Also feels lightweight.
B008AZG59W This puma men. s fill all my expectations Are ... This puma men.s fill all my expectationsAre very comfortables.
B008AZG59W Soft and Light So far it's been a great show!  A lot lighter than expected!  Love the colors.  Been on 2 runs and a long walk so far in them and so far so good!
B008AZG59W piter delgado Good afternoon, first accept my best regards, I am writing in order to express that two (02) days bid this product: PUMA Men's Radius Running Shoe, Dark Shadow / Black / Yellow, 8.5 D U.S., which had a price of 43.00 $, when the boy to pay today with my credit card, I am informed that the item's price is $ 77.50, I would like you to please review the day I bid, to see what I can leave on the previous price for proceed to buy. thank a lot would know, because I want the shoes.Without further reference to goodbye to you, waiting for a prompt and positive response.Sincerely.Login.Cyberpiter.com @ gmail.com
B008AZG59W Watch out for the size The product is respectful and reliable. Good material and comfortable to wear. However, I was unlucky in finding the exact size I wear for my feet. The return process was fast and easy. Hope this helps.
B008AZLCBI Don't fit, too small!!! Shoes were way too small.  They cut into my Achilles the first time I ran in them, blood soaked my foot as I ran.
B008B0MGQ2 Not really what I expected These are the shoes I saw in the store (they didn't have my size) or what I expected to get. The red stripes on the sides are a separate panel sewn on, not really a part of the shoe. They are OK, but not as good as they look in the photos.
B008B0MGQ2 Comfortable I've always liked Puma they are very stylish and comfortable shoes, the red however looks like reflective tape on this design I was not expecting that from the display of the design, but its not really that bad of a difference its just that it has a glossy finish to it other than a solid red stripes.
B008B0MGQ2 didnt receive my order of: PUMA Men's Super Elevate 2 Running Shoe,White/Twilight Blue,13 D USSold by: Amazon.com LLCCondition: New- 1 item Gift options:- Gift-wrap: None- Gift note: run yaddy for kaye$65.00i didnt receive my shoes and there was no refund im not understand this please help me thanks
B008B0MGQ2 Puma Shoes Fit Well And Comfortable. The shoe is stylish and comfortable. Haven't had them long enough to see how long they hold up. We shall see if they stand the hands of time.
B008B0MGQ2 Perfect purchase! My husband did a bit of research before picking these shoes and with him in Army training he LOVES them! He said they are really comfortable!I used my Amazon Prime and had them shipped directly to him and he got them in 2 days!
B008B0MGQ2 puma Got this sneakers on time and was just as impressive as advertised well done puma, will definitely be ordering again
B008B0MGQ2 good quality and design I bought black with red stripes for gym workouts and boxing.They are very comfortable and look very stylish.For boxing they are a bit heavy but they are not designed for boxing so no complains here.Overall - they are great, will report how long they will last.
B008B0MN9M Decent They look nice and are pretty comfortable. When I first got these, they were the most uncomfortable shoes I'd ever bought. Tried the microwave trick and it helped a little. Now they're starting to break in and I feel like I'll wear them till the soles fall out.
B008B7NC4K Durable Fit my daughter well and have have not wore out before she out grew them.  If you want high quality children's wear, These are for you.
B008B7NEWU Perfect Legging Set This puma set fits my granddaughter perfect. What i like best is how the top can be worn with  other leggings and still looks good. Many compliments; highly recommend
B008B7NLV4 Adorable! I just received this, in record time, and it is beyond cute! Mind you, I don't actually have children and this is for a gift, but I cannot wait for my friend to open this present. This is a great price for this 2-piece track suit.
B008BXRZ9W slipped off heel 9 too small, and 10 and 10 1/2 both slipped off my daughters heel.  Darling but had to send back because they didn't fit right.  Would not recommend.
B008BXRZ9W Girl shoes Got these for my daughter and she refuses to take them off... she said they're comfortable, and of course 'cool looking' with the purple pink and blue.
B008BXRZ9W The best! Ok these shoes are amazing.  So comfy and stylish. So many compliments. Sporty and sweet at the same time.  You will not be disappointed.  Fits true to size.
B008BXRZ9W Super Excellent shoes. Soft, flexible, comfortable. Quality of materials and tailoring .is perfect . Look more expensive than the price. I recommended.
B008BXRZ9W Adorable These are adorable little shoes.  They appear to be well made.  I like that these are very easy to put on.  Our daughter is going into kindergarten and these are very easy for her to put on and take off.  They are comfortable and go with quite a few of her outfits.  I am thinking about getting some in different colors.
B008BXRZ9W Resolve my problem Great texture inside and outside. Problems with my little girl because she don't like sneakers, she loves ballerinas, and this one looks like, so she has a ballerina and I have sneakers for her. PROBLEMA-SOLVE
B008BXRZ9W Desperately wanted to like them!! I was finally happy that I found the perfect shoes for my little girl! BUT...I was wrong. These definitely look great and have beautiful colors. My daughter even liked it for some time, but she started complaining that it hurts. My little one is 20 months and can show us signs if something is hurting her. She would not wear these for more than few minutes.The problem is the elastic part on the front. For some reason that is too tight on her feet :(. That is not adjustable either, I wish they would have made that adjustable for a better fit.
B008DLTRCK good wallet, could be better The wallet looks great. It is very well built. My only complaint is that if I put my license or credit cards in the little card slot, I am worried that they would fall out. I think it would be better if the card slot faced the side that is closed and not the open side.
B008DLTRCK Nicely done. As a user of velcro wallets for over 30 years, I gotta say that this one is one of the better wallets I've owned. The velcro perfectly satisfies the sound of opening the wallet. I do like the design and also like the PUMA tag. The embossed puma on the back of the wallet is okay, but i can feel it slightly when I sit, which does make it uncomfortable - but only slightly.This wallet does a great job at holding my things such as credit and debit cards, ID, and insurance cards. With the zipper pocket,  important receipts can be kept securely.The only thing missing was money that already came with the wallet.
B008DLTRCK This wallet is truly awful This wallet is an un-wallet. A wallet is supposed to keep your belongings safe, in one place. The card holder is so loose, that I put literally every card I own into it to hold them into place and the un-wallet would throw them on the ground each time I would take it out of my pocket. Or the cards would fall out into my bag/pocket. Very concerning.The velcro is also obnoxiously loud.Lastly, I was looking for a small wallet and it turns out this is very bulky and stiff, but that's my issue to deal with.Don't buy this un-wallet.
B008DLTRCK Great looking, quality build, needs to be broken in Pros:- Great looking with bright vibrant colors (actually looks like photo)- Sturdy, thick nylon that feels substantial in your hand- Velcro is really strong, it's not flimsy or weakCons:- Bit heavy due to the thick sturdy build- Velcro is so strong, you have to pull quite hard to open it- Definately needs breaking inUndisclosed:- You can't see from the photos but there is a large raised imprint of a puma on the backside of the wallet. It is strictly a rise in the material, the pattern continues uninterrupted and from a few feet away you wouldn't even notice it. Personally I think it looks cool but if you're a minimalist, you might think it's a bit much.
B008E5VWTG I don't like I bought this product some months back, It is little bit large size. Any way i have manage this product
B008EXQBU8 Puma sneakers These are so comfortable.  Holds your foot securely without squeezing.  The colors are amazing.  What you see is what you get.  They look great with jeans.
B008EXQTBO shoe review lots of Cushing, great leather , good for my bad knees . going to use  them for walking, and might try jogging
B008EYO4TW Comfy sporty flats Fits great with more support than other flats. I have flat feet so pumas are the only ballet flats I can wear with their  comfy support. Good for weekends or casual day at the office.
B008EYO4TW Too close for comfort First impression upon slipping these one was that they hurt, but I decided to walk around a little and they quickly felt more comfortable. However, after a few minutes, the binding of the toes on my left (larger) foot was very noticeable. I could see the pressure from the change in color of my toes after removing the shoe and letting me toes re-expand. The shoe fit near perfect on the right foot, but I can't get over the discomfort of wearing it on my left, similar to other shoes I've owned in the past. The shoes are super cute and well made, but these will have to be returned. Going up a half size would cause them, especially the right foot, to be too large and they would rub. Very unfortunate. :(
B008EYO4TW Get a half size larger! I usually buy the cheapest black flats I can find because it doesn't seem to matter - they always give me blisters!  These are the first flats (other than Toms) that didn't give me blisters on the first wear!  Like an idiot I wore them for an entire 8 hour day at work, but voila!  My feet felt amazing!  They feel sporty but look very stylish in my opinion.  I usually wear a 9, but sized up to a 9.5 based on other reviews, and they fit perfectly!
B008EYO4TW got compliments the first day I wore these I read the other reviews before I ordered and I'm glad I did.  I am a solid 8.5 in most brands, but after reading the reviews I ordered a 9 and they fit perfectly and they are CRAZY COMFORTABLE.  I have bone spurs and plantar fasciitis, and it felt like I was wearing a sneaker, not a lot of arch support but good cushioning.  The first day I wore these a total stranger asked me what brand they were and where I got them.  The dark shadow color is lighter than I expected and is really a middle grey, not a dark grey, much lighter than it appears in the photo, but because they were so comfy and worked well with both black and navy pants I kept them.  I will be buying more of these stylish and comfortable shoes to wear with skinny jeans.
B008EYO514 Comfortable and stylish Great flats! I wear them almost everyday lately!
B008EYOK2S looks smart I got this as a birthday gift and it was a great hit , it fits well and looks very smart
B008EYOK2S Sharp I needed a nice polo for work and this polo fit the bill.  I am about 6 feet tall and around 200 lbs, I run a L typically and purchased the L version of this.  It fits perfectly, the sleeves are a wee bit shorter than standard, but the way the shirt is cut around the core and chest is very sporty and slimming.  This is perfect for anywhere from the office, to the golf course, to happy hours.  As always, excellent Puma quality.
B008EYP1K8 Takes a little wear to stretch out, but a good shoe. I purchased these based on the thin sole an the color.  Of course, for this type of design one would have to expect it to fit a little snug upon first wearing them.  In the past I have purchased similar designs and they have always stretched to fit better.
B008EYP1K8 puma peach/pink/mint leaf patent mesh flat I tried a size up because my size wasn't available but it was too big and the color over all wa not peach it was more of a light pink and in the picture it looked almost beige so I had to return it
B008EYP1K8 PUMA Slip ons These shoes are the best...this is my 6th pair!  I wear them winter and summer- rain or shine- to the grocery and to the gym.  They are sooo comfortable...great with everything..even a sundress with all the different bright trims...no break in time for me...out of the box and go.  Clean them with soap and a mild abrasive and they look like new again.  For someone with endless foot problems these are perfect!
B008EYP1K8 takes a day to break in but perfect! I love these shoes.  however, the first day I did get blisters from rubbing on back of feet.  but by the second and third wear they were worn in and are now perfect.  super comfy.  when the weather gets a little warmer, I will definitely be wearing them often.
B008EYP1K8 Toebox is too tight I am trying some home remedy methods to stretch these out, to make room for all five of my toes.  The color combo is nice and I feel I could wear them to work easily, if they just had a bit more toe room.  I had heel blisters starting to form the first day I wore them, so a few bandaids were needed.
B008EYP1K8 Puma versatility cannot be beat I bought these shoes for a trip to Asia where I need comfortable shoes with some support and tread.  I had purchased the Zandy style in the past, which I use for the gym and running errands and there is never a time that I don't receive a compliment.  Since the Zandy did not come in a light color other than a light-gray, I opted for the Bixley,  They do not fit quite as well as the Zandys, but I can fix it with a small insert and prefer not to go down a size, which is something I usually regret later on.
B008EYP1K8 Weird color.  Weird fit. Please pass on these shoes.  They are a totally strange color.  Not really beige.  Not really pink.  They run large as well.
B008EYP1K8 I'll reorder... Unfortunately a little too short but I think they were worth reordering in the next size larger. After I am able to wear them will I be able to truly evaluate.
B008EYQHY2 Visual specialist The pumas I ordered were a little tight but I wore them all day at work I got blistersI would not order that style again
B008EYQHY2 Disappointing These were so uncomfortable, the usual padding on Puma shoes like this was not there & they didn't come up as far up on the toes as they used to.  Overall they appeared cheap looking. I returned them, maybe next year Puma will bring back their original shoe.
B008F05Z5M ... in the waist for me and I do not like having a draw not enough elastic in the waist for me and I do not like having a draw string
B008F05ZMA liked it The jacket is very nice  well made , however for beein an extra -large size  it runs a Little small, although that happens with everything mado overseas now, but I liked it so much I ordered another one in a different color Thanks for your concerned.-
B008F05ZMA Comfy jacket for doing sport in the wind &#128077; I like it a lot &#128077;&#128077;&#128077;. Nice color, quality material and fit just right. Great price too! Was hoping the hood can be rolled and hide under the collar, but it's not a big deal: still look cool unrolled. Just curious: Anybody happen to knows where to find the matching pants? Thx.
B008F05ZMA Mixed Results A good windbreaker; lightweight & well made.  The drawback is that it does not breath; I found myself overheating with it zipped up.
B008F05ZMA Great Jacket for the price for the Xlarge I ordered a third one.  Now I can keep 1 in each car just in case.  There are 4 left on Amazon as of this update.  I'll give someone else a chance, but if they are not gone tomorrow, I'll buy a 4th to keep at work.I ordered XLarge, although sometimes I wear large.  The XLarge fit great.  I was looking for a cheap windbreaker shell to replace one of mine that was torn.  I came across this which just so happened to have a great price for XLarge so I ordered it.  Excellent construction and looks great, so much better than my shell windbreakers.  My wife stated it made me look younger.  I don't know about that.  I ran the sleeve under the faucet and water just ran off.  No absorption.  Waterproofing may be why some reviewers said the jacket was hot.  It may run warm for a light windbreaker, but will be excellent in rain or if it is cool and windy.  It cuts out all wind.  I liked it so much I ordered a second one.  The jacket is not just a shell.  It is fully lined inside.NOTE:  The jackets I bought were Golden Poppy/Hawaiian Ocean/Midnight Navy, X-Large, which sold out.  For the normal price I would have rated it less (4 stars) because the hood does not detach or fold into the collar, and there are no inside pockets.  However, I bought 3 because there was a sellout at $24.95 including tax.  At that price, I would give it 6 stars.  I should have got greedy and ordered the 4th one.
B008F061QO to much small than i expected I did not expect that the industry like this T-shirtPredicted that the industry is completely differentBut also i said its not bad .. thanks alot for speed in ship
B008F061QO COLOR DOESN'T MATCH, LOGO IS TOO SMALL I'm not happy with the quality of this shirt. My girlfriend gave it to me as special gift to match my Ferrari bike. But there are two major drawbacks - color doesn't match and the Ferrari logo is too small and is overweight by the Puma logo. Do not recommend if you are a Ferrari fun.
B008F061QO very cool T-Shirt very cool T-ShirtT-Shirt gorgeous and beautiful shape, but had a great measured.But very cool T-ShirtThanks to all
B008F061QO Father's Day Got this for my dad for Father's Day 2013.He's in shape, not overweight, but I got him a large just in case.It fit but seemed snug on him.I recomment this shirt for more slimming manly figures.
B008F063BM Got them for my mom! Got them for my mom for Christmas and she LOVED them! I was scared they were gonna be to small but they were perfect!!!!!
B008F063BM Wrong What I ordered and what I got where two different things, I ordered an 8 and received a 61/2 and a different color and style than what was on the box. Big disappointment for Christmas Day :( Now I will have to reorder and ship these back...
B008F068WQ Very happy with these I wear them all the time for my workouts.  They don't have enough support for a serious runner, but for my purposes -- walking, gym machines, fitness classes -- they are great.
B008F06A5Q nearly perfect I chose this color because it was a better deal. The laces are still fun and there is rainbow/glittery fabric woven under the black mesh. I sometimes have arch pain and haven't had a problem yet.
B008F06A5Q puma women wylie infinity 2.5 The shoe is comfortable and lightweight. is cheerful and colorful. mold to my foot. Model for the gym and go for a walk
B008F06A5Q PERFECT WORKOUT SHOE Just bought this in black as I wear black workout pants at the gym.  Cute without being over-the-top neon-crazy, just enough neon and bright color on each of the these PUMA Wylie Infinity shoes to make them pop.  Perfect for Zumba, and other gym classes, really most anything we ladies do at the gym.  Light weight, breathable, the toe is not too tapered like some of the Puma's, so NO big-toe-rub for me...yeah
B008F06A5Q NG for Zumba I am looking for a 'dance/exercise' shoe that allows me to do Zumba dance moves with ease without my toes getting numb.Even though I buy the right size, I did not like how these sneaks squished my toes when I made certain feet movements.  Also, the bottom wasn't slidey enough for me....Had to send them back.  Still searching....
B008F06A5Q So many compliments! I am  in love with these shnazzy sneakers!  I walk a lot during the day and since my recent knee surgery I live in sneakers during the week. Only switching to heels for date nights or an event.These sneakers are so very comfy!  Of course the first time I wore them there were a bit stiff as new sneakers tend to be, but the next wear and every one since then has been a dream.  I work in a corporate environment and these compliment my mostly black wardrobe with just the right pop of color!I've been complimented on the street as well for my cool colored kicks!  GET THEM!!  I would purchase again in a heartbeat!
B008F06AY2 Bulky When I got it, I thought it looked more sleek in the picture.  It's a little bulky, but practical.  It'll make a great cold rainy day jacket.
B008F06BB4 present it was a gift for my mom shes a nurse so shes always on her feet. and she thought the colors were weird but i figured it could go with any outfit she wears. and turns out she loved them. very comfortable at all times.
B008F06C7C Great Fits awesome and i love them, obviously chose wisely , wouldn't change them for anything, really satisfied with my purchase
B008F06C7C Have to wear a thick shock and tie the shoes tight. Love these shoes. Perfect for Zumba! The ball of the foot is smooth. I receive several compliments I actually have this color and the hot pink/purple design also. They do seem to fit a little big. I just have to wear a thicker sock and tie them tighter. Most important I actually got these on sale!!!
B008F06C7C my puma i love my puma i wear it to work very comfortable got a lot of loveee from co-workers i have three pairs and i am going for the forth
B008F06C7C Had to return Bought this shoe for zumba.  They did not fit and the sole was not conducive to zumba sliding.  Very attractive though.
B008F06C7C Not too sure... I originally bought these shoes because they were supposed to be for my Zumba class, according to the Puma reviews/description and customer reviews. I've used them for Zumba and for regular stair climbing exercises and they're just okay. For the Zumba classes, I have noticed that my arch starts to ache after 10-15 minutes of jumping around. I used a different pair of Puma's for my Zumba class (Puma Skylaa Mid tops) and they were MUCH MUCH better for Zumba. I would like to return these, but don't think I can after using them a handful of times. They're comfy for walking but that's it.
B008F06C7C satisfied customer Used a few times and love them.  They are light weight and comfortable .  The laces are thin and sometimes difficult to untie.  I almost didn't buy these because of the reviews on the fit but I didn't have a problem.
B008F06C7C Kit Heel came up way too far for comfort. Would have loved the fit otherwise. Sorry I had to return them. Good bargin.
B008F06C7C Marvelous color combinations! I love these shoes and field tested them at the Philadelphia Flower Show this past weekend!***** Puma has amazing color combinations!
B008F06C7C Not a good fit Shoe was okay when I first put it on. My heel kept slipping out although I doubt I could have done a smaller size. Tried the trick with the shoelaces to keep the heel in place but that didn't work. In addition, my feet started to ache after about 30 minutes. Didn't work for me although most of the reviews I read were positive, so the problem could be me.
B008F06C7C Perfect gift I have buy it for my daughter. She's really happy to see the shoe she want. And i'm happy to pay the bill. It's really cheap!!
B008F06C7C I like this product I bought it for my friend, and she was very happy with the fit and the comfort feel. And they look just like on the Internet.
B008F06I1M gift A Christmas gift for my 11 year old cousin, she loved the shoes and I got them a half size up which worked out perfect, they fit well!
B008F06KB0 It's OK In the picture, the color looks more blue, but in fact, it's kind of purple. Anyway, they're okay because they're light and comfortable.
B008F06KB0 Very plastic You get what you pay for! I bought these to replace a pair of Reboks that are many years old. I was looking for a split sole shoe that I could dance in but still have some support. These are not too bad except that the uppers, being plastic, are not very supple. They'll work, but not as well as the Reboks did!
B008F06KB0 large for a puma These were longer and wider than expected. The colors are true to the image colors, and the craftmanship was as expected for the price.
B008F06KB0 Awesome kickboxing shoes! I have this shoe in multiple colors. I absolutely love them! I'm surprised to see people wear it for street-wear. These have little to no traction. That's what makes them perfect for anything from kickboxing to zumba. They're good for jumping around in and won't tear up the mats.
B008F06KB0 disapointed First of all why do they say Leather sneaker? they are not leather, they are vinyl, and size 9 was to big so I return it and got size 8.5, they fit better, but they are very uncomfortable, the way the outsole is, it hurts the feet, I'm really disapointed with these shoes, Im going to return them
B008F06KB0 poor quality I am very disappointed.  I always buy puma shoes but these are to big and they leak.  It is winter and my feet are wet and cold.  Will be sending them back.
B008F06T0W So Comfy Fits perfect and looks great! It will be hard to keep them clean. I already have a small scuff mark on them.
B008F06T0W Perfect choose my mom choose, the model, the colors and I choose the technologie merge for options and the price. very good
B008F06T0W 1st wear was 5km run & loved them I got these without ever trying on the shoe. Just from my research, and desire to go more minimal, I chose these and figured they would do what I expected them to do.
B008F06T0W The colors are not what the appear on the picture 1- The colors, especially the pink, are not soft and pastels like in the picture2- The colors are bright and blinding. No my type3- the shoes are uncomfortable, stiff and hard4- I try to return them and the return was denied. Now I have a pair of shoes in the closet which I will never wear.5- I would like a true reason as to why I cannot return merchandise which does not fit my preferences.
B008F0IKWM Beautiful Jacket The only reason , I gave it a 4 stars was due to the sleeves which were very long , other than that , the jacket is very fashionable and expensive looking , a perfect piece for the collection. Shipping and service was outstanding very satisfied with the product same jacket is going for 100 plus at the puma store.
B008F0KUOS Concrete approved I work at a fulfillment center, 10 hour shifts, only sit for breaks and lunch. Walking, pushing, lots of starts and stops and changing direction. In the areas at work where it's not feasible for anti-fatigue mats the Faas 500 V2 cushion well for me. There are 3 shoes in my rotation and added these in the Twilight Blue in Jan. 2014 and they are performing better than expected for the price. Many complements from coworkers  on the look of these. I can read all about Faas foam but I like the V2 design because the sole is not as thick as other running shoes yet yields fine cushioning and that increases my reaction time on the floor. Glad I bought these and will consider another fast, courtesy and hassle-free purchase with Amazon, prolly the Faas 700 V2.
B008F0KUOS Support For Parkour My Parkour trainer has the Faas 300s...I needed more support for my heels and balls of feet. These shoes are perfect. Lite, flexible, added heel and balls of feet support, I'm Parkouring all over the place... Spent over 20 hours finding the right shoe...These fit the bill...
B008F0KUOS A great beautiful Puma running They have really been exposed as my favorites. They are very soft and he has a design of making small foot. Almost neither they get dirty and the price is very right. 100% advisable! but do not regrettably manufacture themselves. Excellent!
B008F0KUOS So so Too stiff/ too hard- not cushy like many reviews... Disappointed, I wish it was more comfortable for my long morning runs!
B008F0KUOS Spouse is happy! My husband used to wear a pair of PUMA Faas 550. As these were no longer available, we got the PUMA Men's Faas 500 V2 and he is pleased. That means they're good!
B008F179O6 Great shirt This shirt is wonderful. It is a very thin dry weave that fits perfectly. The print is reflective so it is safe for evening jogs.
B008F17R2K Slightly snug, but overall great! These shoes fit a little snug, but not too tight.I love the design, and they are pretty comfortable to wear.The only thing i can think of making this better is if there was a little extra padding in the tongue.
B008F17R2K i like em but... these are cool shoes and ive always known this but puma arent very comfy. these are better than most other pumas and you can really tell they take most of the pressure off your knees. i am definitly happy with this purchase like i said i wish they were more comfy
B008F17R2K Spring in your step Love these shoes. But I must admit that I am a shoe hoarder. A lot of compliments from others. Has a weird pushy feel to them giving you the sense of higher movement. There is a slight side arch that sort of gives the feel of one way springs. I do feel as though I walk slightly faster because of this sensation. I bought a second pair in red and now I am looking for a dark or earthy color if possible as these are mostly available in bright colors.
B008F17R2K Comfortable design, slightly narrow. The plastic webbing on soles serves little purpose as far as I can tell and makes a clicking noise when I run with each stride.  Until it's worn down, it's annoying.  Not a make or break at this point though.
B008F17R2K These sneakers are awesome!! These sneakers are awesome!!  I used them while I was deployed in Afghanistan and they worked like a charm and are still running.  I work out with them regularly and they match my PT&#8217;s too so that&#8217;s a plus.  I bought them a size too large as Pumas tend to fit a bit small for me and these are only slightly larger than I would&#8217;ve liked so a 12.5 would&#8217;ve been a perfect fit but I bought a 13, and I wear a size 12 normally.  They are durable and withstand the harsh Afghan elements, the crappy rocks we have to walk on, and the dirt and mud throughout the seasons.  I highly recommend these, an overall great sneaker at a great price.
B008F17R2K Very unhappy with these shoes There are two main problems with these shoes.First, they're sized wrong, as other reviewers have noted.  They're at least half a size too small, which obviously makes them uncomfortable.  I should have sent them back immediately, but thought maybe they would stretch a little as I used them.  They did not.Second, they're poorly made.  I've only had my pair a couple of months and noticed today that the upper has a HUGE crack in it.  I haven't even used them very much.  I walk for about 45 minutes, 3 times a week, and that's the only time I wear them.  Now I've had them too long to return them.  That's $55.00 out the window.My review in a word:  Poor
B008F17R2K great Excellent. Better than expected. Feet were comfortable and the style was just as advertised. Fantastic transaction. Rama lama ding dong
B008F17R2K You Get What You Pay For I bought these shoes because they were relatively inexpensive and I liked the color scheme. I have a a few pairs of Pumas and they feel great, but there is so much cheap plastic on the outside of these that they don't mold to your feet at all. Unfortunately, these will collect dust in my closet because they actually hurt my feet to wear.
B008F17R2K Heel backing is so stiff it leaves a rash on the Achilles I'm an 8 1/2, and these were quite snug compared to, say, my Avia's.Pros: lightweight, good cushioning, looks goodCons: feels cheap at close inspection, and the back heel is so firm that it rubs against my Achilles and actually takes off skin if I don't have a sock high enough to cushion it (even then, it still hurts)I didn't realize how bad it really was until a few hours after I had already started wearing them on a camping trip, so I couldn't really return them after that.
B008F17R2K No worries...vendor supplied as promised Shoes showed up as described. They fit a little snug but researching prior to purchase it was expected. Everything was on time, packed very nicely and was as described. I would recommend this vendor to anyone. I have been skeptical when not shipped directly from Amazon due to a bad experience but researched this vendor and didn't see any negative feed back so I proceeded. Again they delivered as promised.
B008F17R2K Sale! I like the fit of the shoes. Not sure why only this color was on sale though. The color is not the best
B008F17R2K Not what I would pay 100 for Ordered 10 1/2 too tight,run narrow.  Suggest ordering 1/2 size larger if you are a wide.  Good support, shinny plastic with fabric, not sure how it will hold up in elements.  Solid sole sturdy lace, optional high up eyelets if you like it tight. Good rise and contour to rear support, well padded, good comfort on top of sides. Too new to evaluate longevity of use. Soft, thin flexing over top of toes, not a work shoe, designed for running, or long rapid walking, best suited.  Front has small reinforcement band for some scuff resistance.  Wicking material adequate on sole interior.
B008F17R2K Incredible value Walking on cus huions and air ! Gr&eacute;t feeling, it was a gr&eacute;t surprise such a good deal and quality
B008F17R2K Fake Puma Product! Hi Amazon people,this is Edner cesar.Sorry  to tell you that I am going to return  the sneakers again. &#34;PUMA MEN'S Elite  Running Shoe,Black Silver,10 D US.It is a fake Puma tennis shoes.May be is too cheap.I am going to add more money,buying  real Puma Sneaker &#62;Please,send me a return sticker or bar code.I will myself bring it to the UPS to return it to you.THE PAIR is so fake,sorry.Return the money to my bank account.Sorry again for any inconvenient that may cause.You find me a difficult customer to be satisfy,if I have something I don't enjoy it better not to have it.Otherwise,I am not going to use it.
B008F17R2K Looks great, but the web breaks easily. I love to look and feel of these shoes, but the web around the sole of the shoe is a hard plastic that broke in just a few days of wear.  It was making a clicking sound as the 22 ends hit, so I just cut one piece a little short and no more click (and you cant tell I altered them)
B008F17R2K Awesome Awesome! Took a few days to break in.. But now that they are. My fav kicks. Give me an extra bounce in my step
B008F17R2K Exactly what I expected Fit was where it needed to be.Look great, light, comfortable and lots of support.Also, performed unexpectedly well in a few inches of snow, keeping my feet quite dry.
B008F17R2K Awesome I got these for a great deal while they were in the gold box but now that I have them I might get them regular price. I will warn you ahead of time that the style is very wierd. there is a lot of emphasis placed on the balls of your feet which is really how it should be. there could be more ankle support honestly but I run all the time and I dont really have a problem with them. they did assist in decreasing my run time for a 3 mile run. I also did see other reviews saying the plastic tears where the shoe bends but ive had the shoe for about 4 months and I havent had that problem.
B008F17R2K Very very stiff at first I have only run about 5 miles in these so far and the break-in has been difficult. Very very stiff sole that I'm hoping starts to flex soon and cushion more. Very supportive to walk in, but taking some time wear-in
B008F17R2K Fit issues. I like like this shoe a lot, but the problem is an 11 is somewhat small feeling but an 11.5 is too roomy. So order accordingly.
B008F17R2K Poor quality The Good:The shoes look nice and I got a lot of complements on them.The Bad:Had the shoes for 2 days and the printed webbing on the tongue came off. I decided to just pull the rest of it off cause it was to much has hassle returning them and no one could really tell the webbing was missing.3 weeks later the rubber webbing by the toes is now coming apart. Very poor quality.This is the second pair of Pumas that has fallen apart shortly after the first few weeks of use.
B008F17R2K Almost perfect! They are perfect for anything that involve running and jumping. I do crossfit so for weight lifting they are not flat enough rat the tip for optimal balance but other than that they are perfect.
B008F17R2K Incredibly undersized... Have worn an 11 medium my entire life...no matter the shoe.  These were still way too small even one size up, to a 12.  Further, the medium width was ridiculously narrow.  Then, upon further inspection, the construction was shoddy and i bet they wouldnt hold up to any kind of hard workout.  There's a lot better out there.
B008F17R2K Marvelous I saw some commentaries and mayde i had a doubt when received them....buy affortunately everything it's good with my bioweb elite, i like running and i haven't felt unconfortable in facts, they are great.
B008F17R2K Can't run in these Not meant for a big man to run in.  Comfortable kick around shoes.  Or use as cross trainers - webbing material takes away support.
B008F17R2K more less well the I dont like the material look like plastics and looks like not original , but I need to take time for more reviews
B008F17R2K I love it I bought these shoes for my brother who has a very demanding taste .... when they saw for the first time I loved, have excellent design and my brother says it is very comfortable
B008F17R2K Very pleased with the product Excellent product, is more than I expected. The use and remain very pleased with the performance in sport practice I perform daily.
B008F17R2K looks awesome stylish perfect, the neon are soft but the confort its not as expected, really bad cushioning heel, and sometimes would be so tight
B008F17R2K cheaply made -sent back cheaply made and uncomfortable. sent back. just didnt seem like they would last and hurt my feet. and thats it.
B008F17R2K Quailty Quality with style. This shoe produces, and promotes properissappoint ambulation. Puma has been around for awhile and has never failed ,
B008F17R2K Bioweb Elite I really like the look.  It's a bit tight but I expected that - I usually have a broad fit.Generally very pleased.
B008F17R2K Little tight I'm sure they just have to get broke in other than that I really enjoy the comfort like them a lot.
B008F17R2K Cheap construction. The front lip on this shoes has already started to come loose. Its poorly constructed and I only wear these indoors (medical office setting).  Time to switch brands as I've been Puma loyal for many years
B008F17R2K Give them a chance: felt small at first; very firm shoe but very comfortable--fit better after breaking in. I wear an 8.5, rarely a 8 and rarely a 9...so when i put these on i wasn't smiling because they felt small. I have a thin heal and they felt good there (they felt baggy at my toes though). I wore them around the house with the intent of sending them back if things didn't change about them. The arches felt good tight (good!) on my feet.  When I went to bed, they felt OK. I checked my toe just before taking them off and strangely they were the typical place they should be.I decided to give them another try. So I wore them to work--I am the tech guy at our school and rarely sit down so this was the perfect test. These shoes DO LOOK SWEET! I got the Ohio State looking ones (awesome!) and I just got home and my feet do NOT feel tired one bit! I plan to be testing these on the road when Spring gets here for I am keeping these shoes!
B008F17R2K Perfect for the gym or work. I bought these for my boyfriend and they have quickly become his all day every day shoes. He wears them to the gym and to work at the hospital (12 hour shifts). He says they are extremely comfortable and easy to break in.
B008F17R2K Disappointed My son purchased these shoes 7-1-13 to have for college.  He wore them once, and a rubber tread on bottom came loose.  We should have returned them at that time.  Instead, since school was starting soon, we took them to a shoe repair shop and had it glued back.  Now at college, he wore them for the first time, and now several of the treads have come loose. I wanted to return them but now it's too late.  I just wish he would have worn them more before he started college, so we could have seen what poor quality they are. It's too bad, because these were comfortable and he liked the way they looked he got the black ones). But to only last for two wearings,definitely not worth it. Very surprising, because we have bought lots of Puma soccer shoes over the years, and they held up pretty well.
B008F17R2K SO much cheaper HERE than the stores I just bought about a week ago for my brother and I should of known to look here before I bought them at the store . They are way cheaper HERE!!!. This shoes are really stylish and my brother the sole is not the best but they are comfortable and you can use them for a while before some wear starts to show.
B008F17R2K Ughhh These shoes aren't comfortable at all, the upper parts near the tongue dig into my ankle. I'd recommend not buying these things...
B008F17R2K Worth A Shot. Coming from a die hard New Balance runner I like these alot.I in previous reviews have stated I have Plantar Faciitis  which hurts like hell.I tried them this Monday with my Powerstep inserts, nothing.3 miles 26 mins. 55 secs.Give them a try .
B008F17R2K a bit disappointed bought these mainly because of the price. they fit perfect and feel comfortable. when i went jogging on the treadmill at the gym, i ended up with some serious skin irritation on my heels due to the constant rubbing of the shoe. i had proper socks on that i normally wear when jogging so i knew it wasn't that.
B008F17R2K Not to pleased Too smal not really a jogging shoe after trying them on a mile jog my feet where in pain something not experience with my old shoes ..not worth the price would not recommend
B008F17R2K PUMA I wore them once, i have blisters on both feet. I wished I would of got size ten. Oh well.
B008F17R2K Just ok Considering the price I can't give a higher score of it. I looks great but it always squeeze after exposing to some water. It is so embarrassing that walking with that weird sound all the time...
B008F17R2K Nice and bouncy for running but not sturdy enough for cross-training. I like them but the outsole wasn't sturdy enough. A little portion of the sole ripped off during cross-training activity (body combat), just above the lateral plantar fascia.Nothing else to fault in terms of quality.
B008F17R2K As smooth as Clyde the Glide Very comfortable out of the box.  I haven't used these much yet, so can't comment on durability but I do like how they fit and the cushioning they provide.
B008F17R2K Pretty great shoes! I actually went to a Finish Line and tried these on before buying them on here. Good thing too, the sizing is a little weird.But anyway, bought them, and I've gone running in them a handful of times now. I've worn nothing but Asics for probably 3 years now so it was a weird switch (but they were on sale!) and I'm pleasantly surprised.They're light, provide good support, look cool (with exception of the off blue/green strip of plastic near the back. Don't know why they changed the color from the bright blue the rest of the shoe uses for my model)... and yeah, I'm happy with them so far.I keep my reviews updated so if they suddenly fall apart on me or the sole wears out months too early, I'll make sure to update this.
B008F17R2K too small their sizing is off--they are not correctly sized way too tight for the sizeI don't know what else to say.
B008F17R2K The stripes on the side The stripes on the side actually start coming off if you use the shoe what it was meant for, speed and agility training, THe first week I had them, the bottom part of the stripe started to come off and is now fully torn at the bottom and flaking. Good shoe overall, however, they should not use cheap rubber material for the decoration.
B008F17R2K Pretty legit They are good shoes. Great support. A little cheap looking in my opinion but definitely do the job. They may run a tad big but not by much. I'm between a 9 and 9/12 and these work fine. I got em half off so I am pretty up on then but if I would have had to pay 100, then idk if I would be as stoked on them.
B008F17R2K Great Style But Not Perfect Fit I bought these because I loved the colors, and also wanted a comfortable all around sneaker to wear. While these were my correct size, I noticed that they were tight on the top of my feet, yet shifted around in the heel. This sounds confusing, because it doesn't seem like things should be tight and loose at the same time, but our feet are funny and unique. I'm going to try and break them in some more, and see what happens.
B008F17R2K thin plastic web strings broke out few days after being use Shoes are light weight and have a nice design, but plastic materials are not glued properly to the fabric that the shoes have already few front broken strings.
B008F17R2K Just as expected I LOVE the Puma brand. Whether it be Puma flip flops or Puma sneakers I have not been unsatisfied with their products. The same goes for these sneakers. I've never bought shoes off of the internet before, but when I saw that these were 45% off my credit card magically appeared in my hand! They are very comfortable, fit the size I thought my feet were (10.5) and they look amazing.
B008F17R2K Lightweight, Comfy but eaisly Breakable I love these shoes, I've had them for a few months now and they are lightweight, well ventilated, fun looking and comfy. Down side is, that lattice looking trim is made of a hard plastic and breaks quite easily. Now every step I take I hear a loud *SNAP*
B008F17R2K Lightweight & uncomfortable Positives: looks, lightweight, appears well madeNegatives: This shoe is mega uncomfortable. I went from sketcher shape ups to this & regret it. Im on my feet 12hrs 3 days a week on tile & my feet are hating me. I couldn't imagine running in them. I won't buy these ever again. I got what I paid for
B008F17R2K Kinda tight I saw some of the reviews listed Pumas on the smaller side. I had seen this before with other shoes and never had an issue before. These DO run on the smaller side. I still use the and like them but they are kinda tight.
B008F17R2K Good value. Seems to be holding up well, my grandsons are happy with them will re evaluate back in in a few months.
B008F17R2K A lot of compliments I have received many compliments with these shoes.  They are extremely confortable and amazing that they have acheived this with only memory foam type soles.
B008F17R2K Not what I expected from PUMA. The product needs to be a little wider and needs more arch support.Just not what I expected size or fit
B008F17R2K almost perfect I think Puma really nailed the design and aesthetics with BioWeb.  I only have 2 little requests (and they don't even apply to everyone):1. The toe box should be made a bit wider or a bit more stretchable.2. The heel wall is too high, it rubs against the back of my heel.If you're used to the New Balance fit, buy this at half a size larger to be safe.
B008F195AW GREAT GIFT! I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and it fits him perfectly. The material is awesome quality! 5 stars! I'm thinking about buying another in a different color too for him even.
B008F195AW LOVE IT !! I ordered this for my boyfriend. he looks great in it. He is a hevaier guy and this slims him. It shipped super fast. The material is light weight so he will wear it in the lighter fall/winter months. Wouldn't look to this jacket for outside warmth in very cold weather, but perfect if you don't wanna blast the heat inside or wearing outdoors in chiily but not cold weather.
B008F2AJ9W It's a Great Hoodie It's a Great Hoodie, is exactly how in the image and description. am very happy with my hoodie Puma. Thanks
B008F2BB4Y AWESOME jacket LOVED LOVED LOVED how this looks and feels. For the price, it's a tremendous deal. If they had it in other colors, i would buy them all!You will not be disappointed with this purchase!
B008F2BWV6 To Thin Did not meet standard of Puma gear previously experienced. I have lots of Puma gear & this fell way short.
B008F2C8KK Too large Keep in mind you have to be a very big guy to wear this. Fortunately my brother bought a similar one but fixed too small one for him and we exchange, everybody happy... by luck...
B008F2DOOE I live in these at home. I don't work out or run in these, but these are my throwing on as soon as I get home capris.  I love them because they are so comfortable.
B008F2DOOE just ok The sweat pants are beautiful unfortunately they didn't fit as expected, they look big,not a true size, they look more on me like pajamas pants.
B008F2DOOE sweat pants They came in the bag too small even though the black ones fit perfectly. Also the material was too flimsy as compared to the black ones.
B008F2DOOE Comfy fit! This Capri answers all of my needs for an easy going day or workout at the gym. Fabric is great and it's really a comfort fit..
B008F2DOOE Great fitness pants As expected a good quality pant from Puma, however be warned Cabaret is not red or even close to it, it is a vivid hot pink, even though I wouldn't have ordered hot pink I have kept it anyway.Other colours are true to screen model.
B008F3QOAE Great buy This fit just as expected, Its very lightweight. I got it in white... so I have to wear either a sports bra or a white tank underneath. Very comfortable and breath-able..loved it!
B008F3QOAE So breathable The fabric is great, so lightweight and I love the hand covers. Pockets don't lose things either which is nice
B008F408WS love it! im wearing it  right  now . i did 2 hours workout! so comfyperfect  for  run and lift weights.recommend it 100%the colours are very bright. i like it
B008FUC2G2 very thin pants The pants are very thin and see through. They are super inexpensive so I decided they would be better used as sleepwear or under a dress. They are more like stocking tights than pants. 3 stars because you can repurpose them.
B008FXBQM0 Good, but not durable These pants looked great when we first got them, but the fabric is not durable enough for an active 4 year-old. They showed obvious signs of wear after the first wearing and collect all manner of foreign objects like leaves and lint. We have only had them a few weeks and we are already thinking that they are too awful looking to keep wearing. Fit is good and they are soft, but that's about it.
B008H27JZW awesome lightweight sneakers My son really likes these sneakers.was thinking twice about ordering for him on line but no regrets. Will be ordering more
B008H27ODO Hardly found this The only white with red lines and middle placed strings kids Puma I could find on ebay and Amazon. Normally and in local stores this color is available only for adults. So I finally could fulfill my kid's insistence on this configuration. The quality seems excellent, lets hope it would survive usage.
B008I3WQX0 Did not advertise material correctly The product is incorrectly advertised.  The shorts are polyester not cotton.  I am allergice to polyester and now have to return and pay for packaging costs myself because the site misadvertised the shorts.
B008I3WQX0 i like are what you see on the page, it was i order, I taste and I were well. i like it
B008I55LHQ Strange waist, but like the pants otherwise These pants are great in hot weather or cool weather.  I wore them for the first time today and it was a hot day and then a cool day.  It was great to convert them from capris to long pants.  They fit nice and loose in the legs but the waist is quite strange.  The waist is very tight, like they almost took the waist from a smaller pair and put them on these pants.  It takes me a minute to get them up over my hips doing the wiggle dance and then they are fine but the waist is snug...
B008I55LHQ Casual style or sports warm-up I'm nearly 5'5&#34; and 137 lbs and the size 8 fits perfectly. Really happy with these pants. Styling, detail and color were as the photo and model displayed.
B008IU9BP4 Awesome buy! Great quality and style for a terrific price.  I have repeatedly ordered this item and have been more than pleased by its style, durability and performance!
B008J0VC0A Awesome This jacket fits great.  Loose enough to run in comfortably but still cut true to size.  The mesh breathes really well.
B008J0VIQS Puma is fantastic Great price for an f1 shirt!  Wear it out to F1 party's here in NYC.  Go Mercedes!  Lewis is da man!
B008J0VIQS petronas It feels like a member of the team... Go lewis and the mercedes AMG petronas team... nice fit and good design..
B008J0VIQS Ok, just a ordinary T-Shirt The fabric is too thin (cotton). I was expecting a better quality for a PUMA product.I hope this helps.
B008J0VIQS Beware of iron When I ironed the shirt the black Mercedes Benz wording came off the shirt.  The other logos were not affected by the iron.  Needless to say, the shirt is ruin.
B008J0VM28 Happy Im a huge F1 fan and this is my favorite jacket to wear when I goto my f1 bar for the races.
B008J0VMP0 don't bother After buying this item it was too short and no elastic in sleeves or waist. The inside felt like scratchy cardboard
B008J0W0XS thank you i purchased the Puma mens BMW lifstyle polo white in size large....and it looksand feels GREAT!!....and iam getting a LOT OF COMPLIMENTS
B008J0W1F0 5 Stars Great quality jacket, I got it a month ago in perfect condition, it looks like the picture, and the red color is attractive.
B008J0W23G Very happy with this Puma tshirt This is a well made BMW t-shirt by Puma.  True fit size, very soft and comfortable, excellent quality on the logo work.  And, the price is just right.
B008J0W4P2 loved it My husband lived this. It's soft & looks so much nicer in person. He looks doesn't good in this & is perfect for fall/winter climates...not too thick or too thin.
B008J0W7IQ well made The polo shirt arrived and was delighted at the material used.  Not cheap material and looks great.  This shirt is well made and would love to buy another shirt again for the future.
B008J12WVM Forza Ferrari Indosso questa maglia con grande orgoglio come ho sempre stato un ferrarista, &egrave; molto confortevole e fresco nella stagione calda.
B008J12WVM Product does not match description from display Product does not match description from display, its a simple polo shirt , and not the one from the photo
B008J2Q5EG Soccer coach perfection I bought this watch in order to keep track of the time while coaching my son's soccer practices and games.  Sweatproof and easy to read with a timer that can either count up or down.  Perfect for the job!!
B008J3C0I0 Perfect fit and length Granddaughter wore out last pua pant so I got her 2.  Soft, well fitted and perfect length.  She likes them because they are so comfortable and fashionable
B008J3CJ7C 5 yr old gift Got this as an xmas gift for my boyfriends daughter who is 5.The material is extremely soft and comfortable. The zipper is easy to use and she is able to zip it up on her own. I suggest hang drying this to avoid shrinking.
B008J3CJ7C good lightweight hoodie I actually thought that this hoodie was going to be a little bit heavier/warmer than it is.  It is more along the lines of a track jacket than a sweatshirt.  That being said it is very nice and looks absolutely adorable on my daughter.
B008J3CVWK Okay I thought the product would be made of a higher quality material. A bit disappointed since it's suppose to be a brand name apparel.
B008J3GD92 Fits Perfectly I purchased this product for my daughter who is taking jazz this semesterand I wanted her to have a few different, comfortable outfits to wear. Herfavorite color is purple so I thought that the Puma pants would fit my needsperfectly.When my daughter tried on the pants, they fit perfectly! The purple colorwas very bold and beautiful. The only thing I didn't like is that I also orderedthe purple hoodie, but it ran small. I was happy with the pants and my daughterwas happy with them as well.
B008J3GD92 Great pant A little pricy but they wash and well so nicely. Soft and comfortable. Grand daughter prefers these over stiff jeans
B008JGM4X8 No problems ..really enjoy this shirt I love this Puma shirt. It is VERY comfortable to wear. It makes a great statement in the gym if you need to feel cool from all the yoga classes that you might take (like me)  or just throw on when I want to be comfortable . It washes well and doesn't shrink or fade much. I have it in the blue color. This shirt is true to fit but get one size larger . If you are looking to make a statement and be comfortable doing it...I say get this shirt!
B008KABT7U Great for sport in fall I bought this short for allmy boys in every color. Its rare to get long sleeve top in this kind of fabric. would be really great to play sport in cooler day. However for general wear  prefer Puma cotton blands one.
B008KABZ9M great for tennis From all sport cloth brand of Amazon.com, Pumais my favourite. Its always fits well, good cut, quality of fabricks, nice desins. kids likes to wear it and its comfortable. this top will be great for playing sport inless sunny weather.
B008KH204O It's warm! This coat showed up packaged very well and with tags to confirm size and cleaning~very helpful.  Nice info to have right off the bat.
B008KH204O Runs Small I purchased this hoodie for my daughters P.E. class.It looks so cute and fun and matches the pants perfectly.Unfortunately, the jacket runs really small so even by orderingthe x-large, it didn't quite fit right. At the time when I ordered it,that was the largest size available.Kids being kids, my daughter just wears a t-shirt and then wearsthe hoodie on top of the t-shirt without zipping it up. That lookactually works too. I was just disappointed because I wanted herto able to zip it up in case she wanted to wear the outfit while shewas taking classes during the winter.
B008KIE4FQ Great outfit I love the kids puma outfits for my little one to go to cousins basketball games or great for lounge wear and traveling
B008KIE4FQ Great Buy Exactly as described. Arrived on time. Just need to find one that matches for his dad. Looking for pink ones to match his mother and sister.
B008KJ5MWY great product good products!!!!! However, this sizes are for girls under 9 years old because the sizes are for little girls no for teens
B008KJ5Q5W Nice but a little short I bought this for my 10 year old and though it fits her and is very comfortable it is a little on the short side.  The XL would have been too big but perhaps would have been a better choice.
B008LBN6ZQ Nice shorts I joined a new soccer team that wears white shorts, so I bought these. I usually wear a size small (5'10', 130 lb), and these shorts fit perfectly. They aren't too short or too long, and compared to other women's soccer shorts I've had, I like that these have a slightly more feminine cut.
B008LBN6ZQ Very See-Through More see-through than expected.  Have to wear spandex shorts underneath them.  So I don't wear them as often as my other shorts, however the material and everything else was as expected.
B008M7S5NC PUMA Serve Pro L/S Shoe,Black Coffee/Whisper White,9.5 D US Men's/11 D US Loved this shoes. It's really comfortable. One issue is that it's a bit bigger for me. Oh well, just put on the right socks and it's should be OK.
B008M7S5NC The red die bleeds the red die on the sneaker bleeds - so since I cross my feet a lot I now  own pink sneakers. Hard to believe a name brand like Puma would do this...may be a counterfeit
B008PEJOKK Love these sneakers! The brown is suede perfect for the fall or back to school!Puma sneakers are great quality & wash up well with little boys :)Got these as a lightning deal also, super happy with this purchase!
B008PEJOKK Quality... The quality of these pumas are really bad! I got them for my 5 year old and after just 3 weeks of wear they where in terrible condition. They got daily toddler use as one would expect they should be ok with but sadly not. Contacted Amazon and got a total refund so I was very happy with that. I wont be buying puma again anytime soon tho for my kid.
B008PFWBGS Sad not selled anymore This was one of the best pants. True to the size and special fabric - nice t touch and stay in shape after many washes. Price was great too for them.
B008PG37C4 Pants My son is 10 and I bought him a medium.  They are a little long but I hope he will be wearing them soon.He likes them
B008PJIJIS perfect the blue part is kind of like wind breaker material which is great as it offers extra protection against cold weather for back and chest.  fits great on my soon to be 7yr old.
B008PJJ220 Thick and warm These are great. Came in new package. Being that winter is supposed to be over, ( it is still cold!) it was hard finding good warm track pants. These fit well and are soft.
B008PT3SCU Beautiful Colors!! My son really liked the colors on the jacket, it goes well with his school colors. He also like how it fits and how comfortable it is.Thank you!
B008QX8VWM Looks great Lightweight and comfortable. Looks greats also. Only negative would be that they are a little stuff our of the box but still are comfortable.
B008QX8VWM Perfect Fit - very comfortable for walking 18 Perfect Fit - very comfortable for walking 18. Great style and vibrant colors if you aren't too shy. These will certainly turn a few heads; I hope your game can handle all of the attention.
B008QX8VWM Buy Puma golf gear! Best shoe I've ever owned, comfort performance durability! The colors available are more than any other brand, style and class.
B008QX8VWM Happy One shoe has a small black stain on the orange part. It's very noticeable but I an still very happy with them.
B008QX8VWM Excellent Excellent product. Very comfortable I get many compliments. I've played 4 rounds in them highly recommend. I would definately purchase them again.
B008QXBTF8 Terrible... The second time wearing these and during play 2 cleats popped off. The cleats just click in, so if you swing hard the cleats pop out.
B008QY0KMK Very Comfortable! Most comfortable golf shoe I've had.  Seems a bit warm and it's winter time.  Hopefully it won't be too hot in the summer.
B008QY0MWS They look awesome and the colors are vivid but unfortunately it was ... They look awesome and the colors are vivid but unfortunately it was the absolute narrowest shoe I've ever tried on. No chance of fitting.
B008QY0MWS great product Love the style and comfort. Best of all,light weight. i recommend this shoe to anyone loking for som color in their golf attire and some comfort for their feet.
B008QY0MWS Sizing issues The shoes fit at least one size smaller than marked. I was forced to return even though I live abroad.
B008QY0MWS snug but ok A little snug compared to 11 1/2 Regular shoes in the store. They are leather and stretching a little. They will be ok.
B008QY0MWS Very impressive Comfortable and stylish, but what really impressed me was the grip. I was doubtful whether the shoes would be that stable to play in, but they are really solid. Even playing in heavy early morning dew there was no sign of any slipping. Straight out of the box they were  comfortable for 18 holes.
B008QY0MWS Comfortable and as described Wore them the first time for most of the day and fit comfortably. Don't second guess yourself when buying these as they are great!I recommend with confidence
B008QY0MWS Otherwise perfect. Super comfortable and stylish yet discrete Just a little long in the toe. Otherwise perfect. Super comfortable and stylish yet discrete.
B008QY0MWS AS expected Love these shoes. Not only do they turn heads but they fit and feel great. Can't wait until football season to wear these with my Bronco gear!!
B008QY0MWS Shoe size not as advertised.  Return policy sucks I ordered these shoes in a 7 D, the size I have worn on my small wide feet my whole life.  They were anything but.  I could hardly get my foot in the shoe, and when I did, the heel was way too wide (hmm maybe this is where they come by the advertised "wide" width).  I tried wearing them on a round of golf and got a blister on the bottom of my foot and heal, so I went back to Amazon and said I wanted to return them.  Unlike the stated Amazon policy of "all shoes can be returned at no cost," the sub, Hurricane Golf, terms were anything but.  I pay the return shipping cost - $18.75.  In addition, I pay $6.75 restocking fee and must return them in the condition they came in (guess I'm not supposed to have tried them on).  I spent half an hour retuning the shoes to brand new condition.  I have just learned from Hurricane Golf, the Amazon sub, that they do not consider these new and will not accept the return. I STRONGLY ADVISE YOU, if you are considering ordering from this vendor, BEWARE.  Sizes are not as advertised, and the return policy is not standard Amazon.
B008QY0MWS Love these shoes!!! I have switched from a pair of FJs on the golf course to these bad boys and am continually impressed in all conditions. They hve a great feel, and balance. Not to mention the very sleek look. I would recommend to others 100 times over!
B008QY0MWS Standard Sizing is true to Puma (about a half size larger than Nike's). Comfortable but I wouldn't say theirs any kind of wow factor. Grip is Okay. Overall for the price its whats to be expected but nothing more
B008QY0MWS Cost effective for a newbie I picked these up before my second lesson. Fit is just fine, I wear a 10 to 10.5 and these work. Had a 2 hr lesson and no blisters or friction and a sturdy platform for balance. Would buy again and may in another color
B008QY0MWS Great golf and daily shoe I played 2 rounds of gold in these shoes, loved the traction and the comfort.And of course the classic Puma design looks simple and awesome.
B008QY0MWS Puma Golf Very casual and comfortable, not the same support of a traditional golf shoe but if you are buying these you are not a traditional golfer.
B008QY0TJO Seem like great shoes! I bought these just before my first child was born so I have tried them on and they seem to fit as expected. They also seem stiff so may take some time to break in.
B008QY0TJO Tux Lux Very nice golf shoe for the price. I feel that the sizes ran slightly larger than I expected, but not too bad. Haven't tried them on the course yet, but they feel good wearing them in the backyard.
B008QY0TJO Not my best purchase... The shoes looked better on the website than when I recieved them. Additionally, they were about a size to big. I guess I didn't do my homework, but for $43.00 They'll do...
B008QY1N9O Would reccomend. Somewhat to be expected but come pretty stiff as with most waterproofs. Great design and no slipping as with Adidas.
B008QY1N9O Orange is bright...A little Ricky Fowlerish, or Tennessee Volsish, but still These shoes seem to fit fine, and seem comfortable (although it's February in Montana, and I have only worn them for a few hours around the house and at an indoor range).  I took them to an indoor range and hit full drivers until I was tired out, and the shoes felt great.  I roll up hard on my left shoe, and they are flexible without being soft, and I discovered no rub spots.  Seems to be pretty good lateral stability, and the insole cradled my feet well without undue slop and slide.
B008QY1N9O great shoe true to size, super comfy. no break-in needed. for the bucks, it should be illegal. style, eh. with all other advantages, who cares what it looks like.
B008QY1N9O Bang for the buck THese shoes fit exceptionally well, and were as comfortable as the $90 Nikes I tried on.  After 4 rounds they are still snug but are breaking in quit well.  Highly recommend them.
B008QY1X0S Puma AMP Golf shoe Great fit. Very comfortable and light weight. Stylish design and the color of my favorite team - SF Giants! Recommend to all.
B008QY1X0S Can't go wrong exactly what I wanted.  Fit is what I expected.  Always buy golf shoes 1/2 size larger.  Got this tip from golf pro years ago and have never had a size problem.Same shoe and color was worn by golf pro at the Masters and they really look sharp.  He had blue laces to match.Must be a good shoe if a pro wears them!!Price was better than at my local pro shop.
B008QY1X0S Awesome Very comfortable!  Have not played in them yet, but I am very happy with the feel and appearance of them!  Also glad I ordered the wide which I could not find in stores!
B008QY1X0S 1st pair of Pumas since 1978 nice leather upper, shoes are well supported in arch and laterally in swing.  The cleats hold true on wet ground.  Very happy with the shoes so far early in the year.  Would definitely purchase again.  Quick shipment very pleased.
B008QY1X0S My new Puma I wore them this weekend and was impressed with the traction and support. I like the appearance as well. Great price and value!
B008QY1X0S Great job Shoes are the expected quality and perfect fit. Arrived earlier than forecasted and already put them use. Extremely comfortable, a must have for dedicated golfers.
B008QY1X0S Slips right in. I have gone through 2 golf shoes, and wore some Nike Freerun's on my last game simple so I wouldn't fall apart on the 16th hole with arch pains.These PUMA AMP sport shoes are exactly what I was looking for. They glue to the ground as needed with a swing, and feel light as a feather when I'm running after a squirrel who stole my ball.I wear a lot of size 10, size 10.5 and 11's and average around a 10.5. If you average here, stay here and get yourself a 10.5. I can slip into the shoes, but they won't slip off in a swing. It makes it easy for me to swap in and out before and after a game, and stay with me everywhere in between. I have have been walking on eggshells lately doing my best to keep them clean. I'll be updating this in the future with how they clean off, and how the wear mark comes in just past my toes.
B008QY1X0S Looks great and feels the same. Iliked the look of the golf shoe and was not disapointed when I got them.I give them a five star rating.
B008QY1X0S not good for puma the toe was a little small and it just didn't live up to my expectations for puma.  sent it back immediately.
B008QY1X0S Great Golf Shoes I am a PUMA nut, so this is a little biased. I have multiple pairs in all the crazy colors. They are comfortable and provide the support I need. They also are flashy enough to detract from my golf game...which sucks!
B008QY1X0S Not The Best Contrary to what others say, these shoes are not true to size in my opinion. I wear a 12M and the toe box on these is too small. They crowd your toes.And what's worse, they squeak loudly when you walk. I suspect that is because the are made of an artificial material instead of leather.  It was very irritating and even if they had fit, I still would have sent them back for this reason.I had tried Nike, Adidas, and Asics and none were a good fit. I went back to my original brand FootJoy. I ordered a 12M and they fit perfectly.
B008QY1X0S Disappointing Experience Probably the last time I try ordering any type of shoe product via Amazon or any other mail order. It was just too costly and too complicated to return a pair of golf shoes that were too tight and I believe the size on them was incorrect. For the record: I own 12 pairs of various brands of golf shoes and they are all the same size as these Puma's that I had to return. The Puma's were nice looking and well constructed just too tight for the sizing marked on them. Between the outlet store Amazon used charging me what appears to be a restocking fee along with the shipping costs I occured it cost me well over $25 to return them. In the future I will just purchase these types of products at sports store or pro shop where I can first try them on for fit.
B008R07Z44 Totally wrong description - ripped off!!!! Terrible!!! These shoes are not leather as described in the listing, they are made of some synthetic material. In a few wears these shoes are going to stink to high heaven. Also, their detailing is SILVER, not WHITE as described.I have NEVER bought a pair of Pumas that are not made of leather before. They are probably fakes. I could return them but Amazon won't return to me the full postage costs, which from my location exceed their limit of $15. WILL NEVER BUY FROM AMAZON AGAIN!!!!
B008R9Y0V6 Tangerine Puma Wedge Trainers I purchased the My-66 Puma Orange and White Wedge trainers for my asian &#34;exotic beauty.  She loved them on the spot.  They are a very tall shoe, much like a high-top basket ball shoe.  So in order to get the look right for these shoes,  it's short short dresses (like a crisp white tennis dress)  or in a Tank Top and a White pair of short mesh Soffee Shorts.  My girlfriend loves these Puma Wedges.  She'll be taking them on the cruise with her this April 2013.  Maybe you'll see us she'll be the gorgeous one in these incredible PumaTangerine Puma Wedge Trainers. Size 6.5 is perfect for her little feet.  Enjoy!!!
B008R9Y0V6 It's all the rage I like the feel and fit of the shoe except that it seems to be a higher lift than 1 inches - more like 2-3 inches.
B008RAGKBS Colors are a lot brighter than I expected Shoes are super comfortable.  The blue and orange are almost neon colored.  They are really bright.  Came with orange and blue laces.  Great Puma shoe.
B008RAGKBS excelent Thank for the product, i am very happy, i recomended,it is perfect and confort, i love puma, always buy puma
B008RAGKBS Safety, too These shoes fit great and are excellent for long distance walking.  The bright color makes me more visible to drivers, and therefore safer, especially in the city or other contested areas.
B008RAHE8Q shoelaces don't know if it is the fashionable style of the shoelaces, but these shoelaces are really flat yarns. sometimes when i tying my shoes, it feels like i'm about to break the shoelaces. they are flat yarns. no inner core. might get some $2 replacement shoelaces. also, it doesn't come in a shoebox, it comes in a red recycled bag from puma.
B008RAHE8Q hot this is a very very comfortable shoe its very classy and simple great quality as well didnt regret the purchase
B008RAHSN2 VERY UNCOMFORTABLE I bought these because of the look / style plus my other pumas were very  comfortable.These hurt my feet!  Very uncomfortable!Wish I didn't buy them!
B008RAHSN2 Flimsy and unimpressive Got these and immediately returned them.  The bulk of the upper is a cheap synthetic that is thin and flimsy.  I hadn't tied it yet and the toe was creasing and I knew they wouldn't last a month.  Very unimpressed with the construction of this shoe.  No Pumas for me thanks.
B008RAZL0Y AWESOME! I got this as a present for my boyfriend and he looooved them from the first moment he saw them, they fit perfectly and he says they are super comfy!
B008RB17OM Beautiful finish The picture online simply does not do this shoe justice. It has a beautiful smooth matte satin finish. The colors are spot on. My husband loves them and wants to wear them all the time.
B008RB3A1A Cool Everything's fine, but euro 45 fits to me. My real size is euro 42. Expecting more similar designs from Puma.
B008RB3A1A Nice sneakers I am returnig the product because it has a fabric damage on one side.I dont blame Amazon, but i think they should keep an eye on what they ship.I will try to get them somewhere else
B008RLXJCK waterproof?? I bought these shoes on Ebay, they are beautifull,easy to clean, but my feet got wet the very first day I wore them.Therefore although described as waterproof, they are not.
B008RLXJCK Not worth it. Comparing to the other puma I bought, this is definitely a no no. Quality used seem cheap and doesn't fit well even though I bought both puma in same size.
B008RLXJCK Perfect Fit!!! I normally wear a size 11/12. These are so amazingly comfortable and I am so glad I bought them. I haven't tried them out on the course yet, but they are so comfortable I might just wear them around the house!!!! The insides are well supported and comfortable!
B008RLY7NK Wonderful! Fits well and looks great. Haven't wear on course yet but already love it while trying it on. Value for money as well
B008RLY7NK Matched my golf set! They fit perfect !!!!! Also match my golf set just right!!! The colors are perfect and not to bold. :)
B008RLY7NK mimi feel great the size was perfect
B008U5K30O shoes Loved these bought these for my grand daughter but had to send back they were way to big.Hoping they have a smaller size.
B008UR8U6Q great One of my faves ima women that wares a large i bought a small fits great looks just like photo strong material!!!
B008UR96XW SomeWhat Big Not bad, but there is a defect sizes because I like what is measured is written sizesI hope to put exact totally Ahead measurements
B008USM89A quality is somewhat poor. I hoped it was not so light.  I really disliked, quality is somewhat poor.  The brand has many best clothes
B008UT7P9C you send other number that i buy and i don't think that is good send other number i choose number 3 very bat you send other number that i buy and i don't think that is good send other number i choose number 3 very batWe welcome your honest opinion about products - positive or negative. We do not remove reviews because they are critical. We believe all helpful information can inform our customers&#8217; buying decisions. If you have questions about the product or opinions that do not fit the review format, please feel free to use the Customer Discussions feature on the product page.
B008UUH4FQ Stylish (however thin material) LOVE IT.  Great jacket.  Well designed.  I wouldn't call it very functional necessarily as far as warmth.  The material is very thin.  Transparent even.  You could see right through it.  I mean that quite literally.  Any shirt you wear will be clearly visible - its pattern, its cut, its texture.  But besides that, it's a great fit.  And it's a cool new take on the Jamaica jacket.
B008VBZPVO poor quality It came to me witg a hole in the both sides, i am shocked of the poor quality which provided by Puma
B008VOEY2M winter cool This is a great urban winter boot. Love the blue and lime accents, and the black goes with everything. They're very comfortable, but I do wish they had a little more arch support (I have high arches). That's the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. I've only worn these in light snow and sleet, so I can't vouch for their weather worthiness-I have a more heavy duty boot for big time snow. But light winter snow and rain, these are fine.
B008VOEY2M Very nice I have not used them yet but plan to when it snows. They seem very comfortable when I received them and tried them on.ncant wait to use them
B008VQ01M2 Cool Version of the Desert Boot Love the subtle Mini Cooper design cues - bought them to drive along my new Mini but now find myself wearing them all the time. They're comfortable, albeit a little narrow. Get them 1/2 size bigger them what you normally wear because they are Euro sized and run a little smaller. All around comfy, casual desert boot-like shoe.
B008VQO9AC Simply amazing! I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and were so cheap! My only complaint is that I have a hard time matching them to outfits, but is that really a problem? I have wide feet and these were perfect. Not only that, but they were nice and flat on the bottom, unlike some of the other Pumas that have the "ball" or whatever in the middle. In my opinion you can't find anything better for the price!
B008VQO9AC Great Shoe Style for Sesamoiditis I already own a pair of Fast Cat Pumas, but these are made of nicer material. They have a very solid sole (which keeps my toe from moving too much). They are great for anyone suffering from sesamoiditis. Also lovely and comfortable. I will wear these daily.
B008VT3A54 I expected better. Its ok.But not more...I expected better one.Quality in my opinion is not the same what I expected.Sorry but I cant recommend this to buyers...
B008VT3A54 Colorful but The shoes are Puma which I normally associate with quality. The rubber soles were ok if a little thin but I guess one can expect that from a fashion sneaker (football cleat indeed).  The leather uppers are ok, but the stitching looks thin and might wear quickly over time.  Lastly, the tongue is some kind of polymer and very cheap.  I don't expect to get much mileage out of these shoes as I bought them for looks to wear to a baseball or hockey game.  I would have waited for a price drop though, definitely not worth the money at $50.
B008VT3L4O Great Fit and Broke in Well I've never liked Puma's fit for casual shoes, probably due to having somewhat flat feet, but I took a chance on these and was pleasantly surprised.  They took a playing in them several times to break in, but I like the way they fit my feet now that they have.  I'm not a very experienced player, so I can't gauge more in depth aspects of how they are in play.  I have been playing on a harsh surface (some small rock riddled loose dirt), but I still thought that the cleats would be holding up better to the wear and tear.
B008VUG4FG ms. Lonnie You can never go wrong with puma shoes for boys, my 5yr old, also got them for school last year and this year, and they last throughout the whole school year, what more can you ask for, especially in this economy:-)
B008VUG4FG just like dads and perfect They are so durable and fit perfect. Our son is two and shoes typically bother him , however these do not bother him at all. Im in love with them. The price is great and beats anything I found local
B008VUJBLA Puma They do not fit well or comfortable. They don't carry all sizes either. Sock thickness will definitely matter with these shoes.
B008VUJBLA Very Bright Red Fits to size; very bright red color, tends to stand out; very stylish, great buy for any Puma ol'skool fan
B008VUJBLA bad deal amazon Amazon-  I was very disapointed- these shoes started to fray and the stitching to come out within weeks of getting them.
B008VUJBLA Great for rough kids. My sons are shoe destroyers. We have tried quite a few different pairs/brands and few lasted more than a few weeks. Yes, weeks. You'd think they walk on the top of their shoes. These Pumas are ver resistant with their suede construction and no stitching up front. Unlike running shoes, the will not come apart by the toes and the suede is much stronger material. Fit runs normal to slightly small. Only other alternative would be the Adidas Superstars but my sons like these better since they are softer and more flexible.
B008VUJBLA Pumas Rock These are the best old school Pumas love them. Comfortable and go with a lot best ever Tara Thank You
B008VV0TJ2 fell apart in 3 weeks These sneakers were really cute, light weight and comfortable, except the velcro ripped off and shredded in the first three weeks. My child is not hard on her shoes, and we have never had this happen with sneakers. For the price I don't believe this should have happened. I would return them, but I don't think you can after being worn 8 or 9 times.
B008VV0TJ2 Poor Quality!! Fell apart in less than a week.  Yes, I have an active boy, but the rubber wore off the bottom and the sides ripped.  The fit is narrow and there is no cushioning on the bottom of the shoes.  The sole is very flat. Very disappointed!
B008VV0TJ2 not agood shoe the tongue constantly slips..CMON PUMA!!! My kid hates them..here are the rest of my 15 words..blah blah blah blah blah
B008VV1KZE suggestion good morning and could not receive the product because no tube to electronic signature and took longer than usual for the near future putting on the firm to avoid disappointment
B008VV1KZE Comfortable It is very light and so comfortable. My daughter liked so much wanted to order next size up as well.
B008WYGTCY Great for the rain I have taken to wearing these flats with plain work dresses - they spice up the outfit.  Rubber upper makes these flats nice for rainy days.
B008WYGTCY like the shoes Like the shoe but I am 7 and I bought it 7 1/2 thinking that would it fit perfectly... but I felt discomfort on the back of my feet for a few days and then I guess they stretch from the use...
B008X04KR8 Good all around Bought for my son. He loved the color combo and says they are very comfortable to walk in.Happy with purchase.
B008X04NE8 excellent quality Very happy with all my purchases
B008XAUJB4 So comfy my daughter is so happy with her new sparkle shoes.They are soft and comfy, very satisfied with these purchase.
B00903XD6Q Gift to my Boyfriend My boyfriend loved these and I loved that I got them on sale! They seem to be made of extremely durable canvas and look great on.
B0091Q2UZW Puma youth pants Very happy! My purchase came right on time. They fit my son perfectly.  I have purchased plenty of these types of pants and they are great quality. I will buy these types of pants again.
B0094FBNGC AHMED , DUBAI this one is a bit bigger , I hope if I wash 10 time it well get a bit smaller :)
B0097EJ7M2 Not water resistant - poor quality. Not water resistant. Water filled the face when only worn in shower. Quit working after 2 months of regular/normal use. Otherwise looks good.
B0097Q306Y Fits perfectly to most of the people... Fine class materials, in accodance to the high profile of the Ferrari blend. the design is italian... What more can I say?
B0097QBGO2 Is Original the sweater is beautiful just like to know if it is original because it says made &#8203;&#8203;in china thanks for your comments
B0097YHQ16 awesome Bought these as a gift for my daughter & she loves them! The color combo is delightful & the style just what she was looking for. At first they felt a little small & I thought we might have to exchange, but after wearing around the house for about 20 minutes, she said they settled into her foot size & were fitting perfectly. Thanks for making my girl happy!
B00985DY0Q Grey Puma Tee I really like the way the shirt fits its really comfy and the puma logo on it is pretty cool...I kind of wish it was a bit more fitted, but I'm still very happy with my purchase
B0098IBSTM Winning Cat! i have worn these to work thrice & been complimented every time! they attract a lot of attention&#8230;so if thats not something you're comfortable with you shouldn't be wearing this one.they are really light & very comfortable for all day wear. (i spend quite a bit of time on my feet on certain gigs)they fit just right, provide good cushioning/support & come with an extra pair of blue laces&#8230;these cats are really cool!
B0098IBSTM Thank you I hope I understand but I just want them back for now because I had a problem .. but I want to give my apologies for this little problem thanks
B0098IBSTM Manufacturer Error These shoes were great for the first two weeks and then they slowly fell apart and I had to return them.
B0098IBSTM Don't like them There ok not what I expected hurt my feet they look good don't wear them muchIt's hard contacting to resolve
B0098IBSU6 I love it My first time buying online with Amazon and not the last the Puma boot was just as I expected the fit was good super lite and great comfort.
B0098IBSU6 Featherlite First off, I wouldn't run in these. They look good , come with hiking laces that are brown / yellow colored.Not sure how Puma came up with that matching or even a good contrast to the black and gray shoe color.They are the lightest size 13s I own. Almost as light as my reef flip flops.The do run a little small and a bit wide for Puma.Well see how they last up to the Summer
B0098IBSU6 Nice light weight shoes Pros:- Light weight- Comfortable material- Length true to sizeCons:- A bit on narrow side (hope will looser after break-in)Would rate 3.5 stars if Amazon let me to rate this way (half-point)Hope this helps.
B0098ICASK Puma toori Comfortable, innovative, stylish, while its one ofThe top shoes I own out of 27.. Recommend mostly because of feel
B0098ID10G cool style, but.. I love the design of the shoe. i love that fact that it is so light and colorful, but the sole is very slippery. It is fine when walking on cement or dirt, if you are on a smooth like tile or wood floor, it tends to slip, so you might fall on smooth surface.
B0098X597Y SUPERIOR QUALITY AND PRICE!! I bought this as a present for my son and he is very picky and he just loved it ... quality was superb and the price was surely right.  I have confidence in Amazon.com products, and that is why I always order from them.
B0098X597Y Well Made Product Very well made product.  Hard to find 1/2 sip hooded sweat  My son was shocked when he received in for Christmas.  He had one that he finally worn out
B0098X5NMU very light and warm, but too large I bought PUMA Men's SF Padded Jacket, Black, Medium, It's very light and warm, but too large. It's looks  like Large size. I sold to my friend.
B0099MPSJS Buy if you're on the large size The quality was amazing but too large. More of a 2XL than a large. I usually wear large this was too big.
B009A8GG1U Excellent Tee The color and fabric ok. It fits perfectly. The description matches perfectly with the product received. Excellent choice for exercise.Looks great. I like it
B009CMXOAK Looks good! Actually it looks pretty good, it has a nice size, and colors looks pretty cool, but the thing is, the piece that keeps it in your wrist, jumped off when I took it off for the first time. Didnt want to take any chances and replaced it with another one (a watch I never used).And another thing, you cant go to the pool with it, it only handles rain, and some splatters, keep that in mind.
B009CMXODM Love this watch! Light, operates in 24hr time, waterproof and can be disinfected easily after handling a dirty patient!  Would definitely buy again.
B009CMXODM great white sports watch So yes, it is white. White= gets dirty faster than black. Not shocking. However, my magic eraser restores the pure white. I've had it for about 6 months of heavy use and it barely needs to be cleaned. I also love the large face and I have tiny wrists. I wear this to work as a physical therapist. It's modern but not too sleek or "fashion-y". Good timer/stopwatch function that is easily accessible.  And GREAT price.  I wish they made some more in funky color. And I don't understand the reviews about the uncomfortable band. I find my metal band watches to be more uncomfortable.
B009CMXODM Misleading Product states it is water proof, but is only water resistant.  There is a big difference.  I want to use this while swimming for aquatic exercises....can't do that if it isn't water proof as it was indicated to be.
B009CMXODM amazing I bought it for my wife and she loved.Very beautiful and usefulThe brand is also goodI recommend it
B009CNN1QG Attractive pant I bought these athletic pants for my son and they are easy and comfortable but most importantly aren't too short like other sport pants.
B009CNUQAA Great fit firm around the waist and a little but not a lot of bagginess toward the bottom..that's what best about these is that they are not too baggy.
B009CNV816 Very Cool Looking I am jealous of my son, I wish they had a jacket in my size.  It is so stylish.  It will keep my little man dry and warm on those rainy days while still lokking cute!  Plus every moms dream it was a great price!!
B009F9O7RY Poorly made within a few months of playing ball with this poorly made boot, it started coming apart, was very disappointed as this was a birthday gift to my hubby...will think twice before by puma again
B009FD25EC Wrong Color So Headed Back..... These shoes fit okay & are really lightweight...however, I had to return them because the picture depicts black & mine were a light/medium slate gray...I would have kept them if the color was black...
B009FD2LM8 Pumas These are sharp white on whites. I have many pairs of Voltaics & these look the best in my opinion.
B009FD2LM8 Not what the Voltaic 3 was I purchased these expecting to like them as much as the gray Voltaic 3 I have in the closet. Turns out that Puma switched from a very nice mesh fabric to a cheap-looking and feeling vinyl type material. The shoes aren't nearly as comfortable and will probably have ugly crease marks after a little more use. I haven't worn them much considering my disappointment.Otherwise, they're a decent shoe. They're fairly comfortable and look stylish at this point, while they're still new.
B009FD2LM8 Very Pleased and Satisfied As usual all my Puma's are true to size. Will definitely be ordering more pairs in the future. Especially when the price is right.
B009FD2LM8 Bought for someone else... He seems to like them...so much so that he couldn't find them in a store anymore and asked me to buy them online for him. That is all I know..
B009FD2LM8 Not like previous Voltaics I ended up returning this shoe because there is very little ventilation.  My Voltaic 3's are mesh on top and I love it.  This has some crappy fake leather on top with tiny holes and polka dots.  NO thanks.  I'm a man.  I need my man shoes.
B009FD2LM8 Review They are a little tight nothing to worry about though! After I break them in they should get a little better.
B009FD2LM8 Great product! I have had some problems with my foot's circulation, and the integrated tongue allows me to wear these sneakers without laces, making them easy to slip on, and slip off, without any fear of having them fall of during use. Of course, laces would need to be used if jogging, or running, but I love the Voltaic style to go without laces, be fitted snugly, and extremely comfortable. Puma has also had crazy cool colors too!
B009FD2LM8 tight on the ankles Around the ankles were tight and over all it feels a little small but the rest of my feet were ok
B009FD2LM8 Not quite right The toe-box is too small. As a result I have damaged toenails on both feet.  Also it doesn't breathe as well as the Voltaic 3. Should have stayed with the Voltaic3
B009FD2LM8 okay They feel okay once I get them on. That is the trick. They are great for the treadmill. I would buy something similar just bigger
B009FD2LM8 It is not red. Igot these sneakers there cool on the picture like it could be black on red but is more like black on bright pink.
B009FD2LM8 Not to my taste. I don't care for the no tongue design.  It's not comfortable for me.  The design digs into the top of my foot.  Still like Puma shoes, just not these.
B009FD2LM8 Very comfortable, but foul odor after 2 1/2 months. At my job as a valet parking attendant we run a lot and that includes up and down stairs, ramps to the garage and even in the rain. These shoes are still holding up, but they are releasing a foul odor it could have a little to do with the amount of rain we get in South Florida, but even after being washed frequently the odor is still present. This is a great alternative to Nike Air shoes and they look better in my opinion.
B009FD2LM8 the Shoes are too small I think the way what we are looking the site is quite opposite when it comes to reality. Since it is small
B009FD2LM8 From the 3 to the 4 I bought the voltaic 3NM some time ago. I called Puma and they told me this is basically the same thing with a few touches added. The old shoe started to peel due to the top being cloth, these don't. They are soft and have great cushions. I wear them everyday and would eat them if I could.
B009FD2LM8 Way to small of a FIT I really like the shoes colors and the brand .The shoe was really light weight but was way way to tight and my feet could not breath .I would have return it but just didnt feel like messing with it .Probly will not shop with them in the future !!
B009FD2LM8 Beware These are bulky for a puma shoe.  If you are looking for the sleek slim puma fir men, these are not it.
B009FD2LM8 The Pumas went back . . . I am a 13.but Pumas are just small and I have to go with14. and that will fit me exactly.
B009FD2LM8 Oh well Not a big runner by any means. But i do work 12 hr shifts and walk on concrete all day long.  If anyone else is having this problem I found these to be in my 3 place so far just under nike shocks and kswiss tubes.  Cant give them a bad review because i dont really have anything bad to say except they were a little snug.
B009FD2LM8 Its the difference between my foot and the Puma build Its great, gave a 4, not a reflection of the seller but the maker. The top part of my foot gets a little squeeze because of inner socks, apart from that, ITS GREAT. Took 1/2 size bigger because of it
B009FD2M4U too big Its a little larger than my feet. Doesn't fit right.Did not wear it. During trial it was too big.
B009FD59H2 Great Looking!!!!!!!! Bought it here on Amazon! In realality, it looks just as it is shows in the picture! I Suggest to everyone
B009FD59H2 Amazon Rocks Hi.... Thank u very much for delivering us such wonderful goods... Just a small suggestion dat please do provide some extra colors for the shoe... Hope u'll look into it... Thank you once again
B009FDO3U6 Super Turnschuh Passt sehr gut, ist sehr bequem und hat ein super Fussbett.
B009FDO3U6 My Toe-Topper Shoe! This is my bear essential, flamboyant orange, blue and white shoe to enjoy leasurely and at the same time express my righteous indignation towards the "Nassole Toe-Low County", NY corrupt police, DA and Courts. The shoe shows dare colors to demonstrate dare "Key-rime Fabric8n" everytime I exit or enter my pickup truk identified by foot symbolism inside and out. The Judge allowed the bogus case to continue at trial knowing full well that the Ly'n "foot touching the ground seated in" dare perverted detective's pickup truck sank the case. He told my attorney when he asked for a demonstration to the Jury: "Don't get too energetic Counseler, that could be dangerous."The other great thing about this shoe besides standing out flamboyantly, is it has no laces and still fits perfectly and is most comfortable.
B009FDPVRK Awesome service Overall, I am very satisfied with amazon. It has not dissapointed me once, very user friendly. It has fulfilled my needs adequately.
B009FDPVRK SMALL Nice shoe .TOO SMALL. I guess I'll never learn that an 11.5 at one company will be an 11 somewhere else. Ordered a cleaning spray + sneakers & food. 2 of them can't be returned ,thats cool.The sneakers are stuck in the middle of the order and the return drop [ reason for return ]won't open ! So now I have the chance ,to spend a little time calling on this.......But first time it has happened in hundreds of orders ,having a return problem .
B009FDPVRK Quick Delivery and Excellent Product The Puma Men's Running Shoe deserves nothing less than five stars.  They fit perfectly and perform well after several intense runs.  Additionally, they arrived MUCH faster than expected which allowed me to hit the tracks and trails that I had been missing for days.
B009FDPVRK too small too small as 9.5 goes.  worn 9.5 for over 30 years and these were not even close.  Shame as it looked like a good shoe.
B009FDPVRK Flimsy and not what I expect from Puma. I have purchased Puma shoes for almost all sports and activities and i can say this is the first disappointment.  The shoe is not just lightweight it is flimsy.  The back of both ankle cushions at the collar broke down just putting my foot in and never have returned to shape.  I can feel the heat and the texture of the ground through the ball of the shoe.  Not pleased with the product at all.
B009FDPVRK Too Small But got a exchange THe shoes were too small at first, but I expected that based on previous comments, but got a quick exchange and fits good
B009FDR416 Perfect Gift, Perfect Fit I purchased these for my 21 year old grandson's birthday.  He said he had never had shoes he liked this much.  Once more, choosing Amazon paid off!!!
B009FDR416 Good purchase Quality ok. Love the tread on the bottom makes it perfect for the type of running i do. Very light weight. Can see what people mean about the glue on the soles coming loose eventually can see that happening but still over all happy with this purchase
B009FDR416 Never had sneakers like this. Love it and it don't ware down easy.  I have never seen sneakers like this. I will be buying more thanks.
B009FDR416 "Great" shoe !!! I usually wear an 8.5 and the fit was perfect!!! I wear them three times a week when I go walking five miles and then three times a week when I go to the gym. I'm happy with my purchase !!!
B009FDR416 Nice one, looks great just like in picture but finishing is the only concern, the sole might come off on rough use I like the looks and as usual have to order 1/2 size bigger for PUMA shoe's. I wear 9 but ordered 9.5 and fits well. It feels good and better traction. but the way the sole attached / glued i suspect it may come off with rough use. I not yet used this for games, will see how it lasts.
B009FDR416 Very comfortable roomy matches  very nicly with jeans. This show was roomy and is exact sizing to fit. i Iwould order this brand again. I like the other colors they have also and the pruce was well worth it.
B009FDRKJ2 Comfortable, but poor stitching Stitching on the front toes is coming loose after one month of use. Worn maybe a dozen times. (- 1.5 stars)I love the comfort and fit. Would give 3.5 stars if I could, but can't give it 4 bc they will be junk in another month.Great stability for the road and for walking, but poor workmanship.
B009FLJ68M awesome style and comfort but not so good quality I loved this sneakers the moment I got them, they were very comfortable and, to me, they didn't cause any type of fatigue; they were absolutely gorgeous. unfortunately after 2 weeks of very light use , the stripe began to unstitch. I still wear them and I love the style and comfort but I'm afraid it will continue to rip and make a bigger gap. it probably was a manufacture defect, but after that, I would not recommend this product.
B009FLJA06 like the fit and style very stylish and comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone. They were somewhat pricey and I hesitated because of the price but glad I bought them.  I hope they wear well.
B009FLJKWY Slim fit I really like these pumas. Puma has several models but this one is really slim and fit. I wouldn't recommend it to someone with a big flat foot or someone with a high instep, because these are flat and slim. I usually wear a 8.5US or 9US, so ordered 9 on these. It fits really well, really snug but with enough room in the tip. So I'll recommend ordering half size bigger than you will usually order, but not more than that, since the tip of the shoe will be very far from the tip of your toes. This shoes are really well made, with clean and non-wrinkled leather. The green accents are really nice. The sole is also really flat, no cushioning altogether, but this doesn't mean they're uncomfortable, just not meant for long running. On the other hand this kind of sole is extremely durable (I have another pair since 7 years ago, and I can't just throw them away because they are still good). Overall I definitely recommend this shoe, just have in mind that these are slim fit on the sides and the instep area, but not small, just slim, like a good fitting shirt.
B009FM3NPI Almost fit... The puma stile is great but there are many odi&oacute; le like me that chooses other brands because our feet are too broad, but in general terms I like the shoes
B009FM3NPI sorta strange - its a slip on type with elestic top i was looking for a good solid driving shoe - this was sorta cheesy styling - my girl liked it but i am very picky with my shoes typically by 100$ plus range but took a shot since low price - get what you pay for
B009FM3NPI Not happy It wasn't what i want to be honest the hurt my feet from the bottom, back and the r so thin and flat...which I didn't want I wish I could return these shoes. I wear it 2 times only...
B009FM3XO4 smaller than I think somewhat small
B009FM3XO4 Classy, comfortable, but Pumas tend to run small in width Bought these for an outdoor wedding. They are classy, not distracting, they look great with a suit. Pumas tend to be a little tight width wise, but I've been wearing them for a very long time and they're pretty consistent between styles.
B009FM4BCW It fits! These shoes are so freaking comfy. I am slightly flat footed and these shoes provide the prefect support. I notice no pains in my arch. The laces are woven perfectly, just one knot and it holds all day. #PUMAlyfe
B009FM4BCW Chinese made pumas vs Indonesian made I own a couple pairs of these. I order the same size and they fit completely different. They are to tight. There are other minor differences also.  I realized that the others that I have no problems with are made in Indonesia and this pair is made in China.
B009FM4BCW great chews Prompt shipping and as described.  Great price and I would consider shopping w/this user again.  I'm wearing them now as I travel and their purpose is fulfilled; utter(udder)? comfort and warm!
B009FM4BCW good shoe fits well.  the sole is flat, without arch support.  old timeless classic. very long shoelaces.  worth the price I paid.
B009FM4BCW super cool love'em. these are really roomy without slipping off your foot. perfect. unlike some of the clyde's, these are just as bright in person as they are in the picture.
B009FM4GK4 Not very durable Had a pair of these for about a month, and they're very comfortable. Unfortunately I happened to look down today and noticed a hole forming on the outside. I have not been doing any extensive walking or running in them, and I have only worn them approximately every other day, so I am very surprised that they're falling apart so soon. Definitely not worth $60.
B009FM4GK4 Uncomfortable Ugly and uncomfortable shoes. I am not sure why I bought them. They are the worst sneakers ever. Already in the garbage.
B009FM4GK4 super comfortable! Very comfortable shoes, a tiny bit large but not to discomfort. The front at the toes isn't hard so there are fold marks as you wear it more.
B009FM4GK4 Ripped apart after on a few months The insides of both shoes just ripped apart awfully after only a few months of daily use and removed all sense of padding for your foot on the back of the heel. Would not recommend, better to just buy another shoe/brand.
B009FM5D60 Very Stylish, I like the accent of opposite colors of gray and orange. Its quite comfortable and very casual. Its not too far from being attractive and really far from being an eye-sore. Its just the casual shoe that most people could wear anywhere on any occasion.
B009FM5NTM nice touch good vibes from the puma, i do hope they keep pushing forwards with this type of styling.the sizes are correct and fit well, i've handy as a shoe look; can be used as smart casual.
B009FM64EK Wore a hole through the top and not great in rain Within 3-4 months of wear, a hole developed on the top where my big toe is on the right shoe. the fabric is not very strong at all. Also, these shoes are not great in the rain, as they are made out of fabric rather than rubber or some other material. If it weren't for the hole, I could deal with the rain thing, but that was a HUGE turn off for me. I like my shoes to last at least a year before I start thinking about new ones. 3-4 months just doesn't make the cut.
B009FM64EK Great fit and style. Dirties extremely quick. I love how they fit and look, but I will say that the white soles get dirtier more quickly than any other (white soled) shoe I've had before. I seem to always want to clean these. A normal shoe cleaner (I use a citrus based product I bought at Foot Locker awhile back) cleans them just fine, but be prepared to use it after/before every wearing if you care about your kicks!
B009FM64EK Good Pair These shoes are comfortable. I've walked around them for two weeks now and though the sides (where it is white) easily get dirty it simply requires cleaning at whatever interval you wish for cleansing maintenance.The rubber sole is built in a manner where if you were to walk on anything that is not flat on the sidewalk, such as patterned physical layers, you can feel the dips which overall is not to bad though it may feel the rubber sole mind be to soft. The shoe is secure to your feet and the design is very simple without the Puma logo popping out being a distraction. As a result it is great to supplement with whatever clothing composition you see fit for your style.
B009FM64EK Great look These shoes look sharp but leave a little bit to be desired as far as comfort. They fit a half size smaller than previous Puma's that I've owned before. They also have zero arch support so they are built for show, not comfort.
B009FM6GKM Satisfied Customer...PUMA great fit...comfortable...wear them all the time...thanks a million :-)
B009FM6GKM king b I been loving puma sense day one and I always going to love puma because I am a puma my self
B009FM6GKM Puma to the world. These would be perfect if they were made with a bit more width. But I will make them work for me.
B009FM6GKM oh yeah!!!!!!!!!! perfect i found them in ar store . They did not have them my size. they had them for 70 dollars and i ended up saving 30 dollars buying online!!!!!
B009FMR6D8 jacob love the color reminds me of the nike's i had look forward to sporting them out with shorts jacob from san antonio
B009FMR6D8 Get them before they stop selling lol Every where I go  nothing but compliments and people want to get them but if I could make a suggestion to the makes of this design purple would be another color they could look in to awesome fit and looks good with short or long but the ladies love me in the short
B009FMRF0M Confy Love puma flip flops.  They are very true to size and ultra comfortable. Would definitely buy again but colors available are a little limiting
B009FMRIS6 Didnt get the shoes i ordered They sent me the wrong color scheme i wanted the black/steel grey and paid the price but they sent me the on sale steel grey/black/yellow variation which is unwearable for me so seller has wasted my time and money now that I have to send in a return wouldn't buy from them again. The only positive thing is it did deliver on time just wrong product.
B009FMRIS6 Great deal thanks! I don't really too much to say about it cause I like it, but it a little bit too large for me.
B009FMRIS6 satisfied Im am satisfied with these shoes perfect fit and comfortable its what i expected to be couldn't ask for more
B009FMRLQU Nice sneaker Fits great, extraordinarily comfortable. Very thin sole and light material make this a great shoe for walking long distances. Very little padding or support (but technically your supposed to be walking around barefoot anyway). My only complaint is that they wear out fairly quickly, however you can extend their lifespan by throwing them in the washing machine. Well worth the price.
B009FMRLQU expected suede material instead of canvas its light and comfortable for walking,i will recommend it for an aged person and for someone who does a lot of walking.
B009FMRLQU Nice colors, aesthetic but kind of reluctant about the material I'll give it for the moment a 4 star review since i'm finding the material somewhat weak in terms of textures but the colors and shape are OK so far....!!
B009FMRLQU Lamberfeeties They fit pretty good. Ive never really been a fan of Puma's because they never seemed to have enough support, they are super comfy but still lack the support needed.
B009FMSK1A its ok I love the look of these shoes and how lite weight they are but i have to say that they run on the smaller side. i wear a 11.5-12 normally a 12 due to having fat feet but these fit more like an 11 in terms of width
B009FMSK1A PUMA Glyde Lite...an awe inspiring shoe! $21.98 w/ free shipping, being that they are PUMAs I knew this was a steal. This is an incredibly light shoe. Excellent for any strenuous activity or possibly prolonged standing. They resemble sk8er style shoes w/ quarter top ankle support, lightness & durability. Check them out you will be glad you did.
B009FN5ZT4 Convenient shoe with nice design Pro:- Convenient (no need to wear socks & yet don't have to worry that it'll become smelly, perfect for hot-weathered country)Con:- From what I read, Puma shoe runs a bit small, so just feel a little tight on my Right leg, but it fits nicely on my Left leg.
B009FN614C Comfy The Size fits perfect and they are super comfortable despite the fact that they are wedges actually. Best choice ever made
B009FN614C Very comfortable It was a gift I purchased for my daughter and she loved it! She was to happy and mentioned they where very comfy....
B009FN614C nice look I buy these shoes for my daughter for Christmas in 9.5 but had to send them back for the 10, received the 10 yesterday and was pleased, and i know she is gonna love them , for she was talking so much about them, and they are wrapped and under the Christmas tree.
B009FN614C beautiful 100 percent recommend this seller, boots are spectacular and qualityThe size is just right, are comfortable, colorful, are in perfect condition new
B009FN614C perfect except.. perfect! although the color of the orange is more of a coral . but the shoes fit me just right
B009FN614C awesome kicks I truely love these kicks.  The photo doesn't give them enough credit.  They are awesome &#128525;!!!!! I'm waiting on the blue and white ones to come in!!!
B009FN614C Fit nicely I was afraid of wearing these with shiny jeans without my feet looking huge. But it doesn't and it comfortable despite the wedge. Going up the stairs provides some exercise.
B009FN614C Comfortable True to size and colors. I liked them so much I'm considering buying the same model in other colors for spring.
B009FN614C Puma wedge sneakers The wedge sneakers came as expected n they were packed in a very nice box, My daughter n I were very pleased with our choice, I even invited my friends to shop the site...
B009FN614C Great My favorite sneakers; comfortable and fashionable. They even wash well in cold water.  actually got them in 3 different colors!!!!
B009FN614C Puma sky wedge I loves my new Pumas!! So comfortable, I work on my feet all day and had no problem standing in these for 10 hours. Got tons of compliments too
B009FN614C Not a pretty pink These shoes were comfortable enough, but the color looked better on-line.  I thought it was more like a neon pink.  It was just not a pretty shade.  Otherwise, the quality was good and packaging was top notch.
B009FN614C NO SHIPPING TO CANADA.... I am not sure why they don't ship to Canada.... Ready to pay for shipment... The only shoes I liked PUMA Sky Wedge Black n Limestone Grey....
B009FN614C So hot pink they almost look red but love em' I have like 6pairs all different colors of course. I thought thee were bubble gum pink but they look hot pink almost red. I thought they were red till I put them upto the light and noticed the link. But no as pink as color pictured. I guess virtual pink means not really pink? Lol. Anyways for the price they're awesome. I'm a size 8.5 but these I always get 8 they seem to run big. Suuuuper comfy I could last all day with them. Lots of compliments as to where I bought em' too. I want few more color but just checking I periodically for price drops :)
B009FN614C Love the shoes. I love the shoes. I bought size 6 even though I'm usually size 5 when wear flats. But when comes to sneakers, I usually go 5.5. Since they are wedges, I decided to go with size 6 so that I'm sure I will have enought room in toe area.  It works out perfectly.  Size 5.5 may have been worked out as well but I didn't want to risk it.  Size 6 is good for me too.  If they stretch over time, I'll just put in some insoles.  They are really comfortable, as the wedges aren't too high. The sneaker style(laces, padding, cushion) makes them a lot more comfortable than the regular wedges such as wedge sandals or boots. I bought a pair in gray/orange, which is actually a pretty subtle combination, not over the top or boring.  The combination goes well with many other colors too.  Amazon has the cheapest price.  I stopped wearing sneakers a long time ago.  so when my husband saw me in these Puma sneakers the first time he thought it's funny...then I explained they are actually wedges, he said cool.  I don't know why I'm telling this.... ( maybe because I'm going crazy as it's 4am and I still can't fall asleep...) I don't care what he says anyway because I don't trust his fashion sense; he always wears oversized pants with unmatched socks lol......overall, I'm enjoying the shoes, they are fun and comfortable to wear.
B009FN614C SPRINGTIME! When I ordered tthe shoe I was unsure of colors, but once I received them and tried them on....LUV LUV...thanks !!
B009FN614C luv my pumas Fashionable, comfy, and stylish!!! These are the perfect shoe bcuz I hate sneakers bcuz they are so flat but I luv the wedge!! It's perfect
B009FN614C Fab Sneaks &Uuml;ber cool sneakers. Great color and just so trendy. I received compliments as soon as I wore them. Very comfortable too.
B009FN614C Style meets comfort As soon as I tried them on I loved them.They are really comfortable and fit true to size. The first day I wore them I received a few compliments.
B009FN614C Awesome shoes These sneakers elongate the leg and look great with skinny jeans, shorts and skirts. I bought them in a variety of colors because they're so inexpensive. They are super comfortable and have good tread on the bottom.
B009FN614C Be cautious when purchasing The Sneakers are sort of uncomfortable. At first i thought it was cause they we're mew, but after a few wears, i still feel the same pain. Yes i have my correct size and still have this problem
B009FN614C FAB All i can say is HOT and SEXY...really a good look..i have thick legs and they still fit and look fab on me...had ppl lookin all night
B009FN614C Really Cute! These are strictly for style! I can't say if these are true to size because my feet are kind of wide (since having children), so they fit snug, but not uncomfortable. I don't have to hurry and take them off. These are strictly for style!  They have the true appearance of hightops with an edge.
B009FN614C wow!! I didn't get these shoes on this site but let me tell you they are the bomb.com omg!!  love!... the 9 fit  perfect was going to get the 9.5 that would have worked too just a little more room . my daughter went crazy she loved them too.so if your wondering just bye. amazon has a better price....
B009FN614C puma wedges These sneakers fit true to size and are very comfortable. I wore them for at least 12 hours and my feet never hurt.  I highly recommend
B009FN614C my puma wedge Fits perfectly just what I expected and cant wait to get me another colour.i also recommend to some of my friends
B009FN614C I DID NOT KNOW THAT THESE WERE HIGH HEEL SHOES THE SIZE IS FINE, BUT THESE ARE HIGH HEEL SHOES AND I HAVE ARTHRITIS IN MY BACK, HIPS, AND KNEES AND THE HIGH HEEL HURTS.  I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW TO SEND THIS ITEM BACK AND BE REFUNDED.  ANY INFORMATION ON THAT IS APPRECIATED.THANK YOU,STEFANIE BINZ
B009FN614C I knew my size since i tried them on before I lov em, they are comforatble, stylish. I do recomend you get yours before they become out of stock. They are just as is the picture
B009FN614C Love my Puma wedges The pink is my favorite. I got them in an ocean blue color and also a black one. For some reason, the pink is the most comfortable one & the best fit. Bonus: major rockstar compliments.
B009FN614C I'm so old school I like my old school sneakers so when I saw these with a little heel in it at first I was like, nah, they're ugly. But I like to be different so I figured I'd buy them. I received them and they are so comfortable and look nice in my skinny leg jeans.
B009FN697G Great Buy!!!! Simply amazing....can't wait to rock with my short pleated skirt!!!!!!!!!!.....It's recommended to be in every lady's wardrobe.I love it!!!........Awesome a trial will convince you.
B009FN6NRW i hate  them wish never got them  thank gdo they took them back i just hate them  there so  small  i  jus  so  happy  to  be able to return them
B009FN6NRW bowling shoes my daughter thought they looked too much like bowling shoes so I had to return them. does not mean they are right for someone else so take this review lightly.
B009FN6NRW Comfy!!! :) Finally got my shoes today!!! They are comfy! Taking a bit of getting used to. But overall happy with them :)
B009FN6NRW Neat!!! Looks really great on my wife. We absolutely love it. In general, I like the Puma brand. We wanted something pink and this met all our expectations and desires. It is very neat too.
B009FN6NRW Luv the cat The fit is perfect luv the colors made a real splash with my friends and the price was right luv it
B009FN6NRW Love this Brand Fits a little big in the heal..I have other puma but thisis the 1st pair to give me a blister on my heal.Will continue to purchase Puma they are the bestfor me to walk in for exercise :)
B009FN6NRW My new snikers I love my new puma women's soleil NP WN fashion sneakers, cabaret/ pink paradise!!!! have a perfect fit and they are very original
B009FNMVBY sinfully comfortable I really should have ordered a size 6 rather than a 5 1/2, but still these shoes are so comfy it is almost a crime! they are stylish and the extra arch cushioning can't be beat!
B009FNMVBY Surprisingly Short. I run a pretty consistent 7 in flats, sometimes 7.5, so I went with 7.5.  The soles of this shoe were so much shorter than a normal 7.5, that the curved seam at the front was cutting into the bottoms of my toes, and my big toe was pushing out the leather at the very end.  I'm not sure what size to order to solve this problem, since shoes get wider as the size goes up, and this shoe fits perfectly except for the length.  I compared the soles to my other flats to make sure it wasn't the elastic just pushing my foot forward.  They were a good 1/2 inch short of my other 7 & 7.5's.  They're going back.
B009FNMVBY Unfortunately too tight Nicely constructed, good style, but the toes were way too tight. I had ordered my regular size in pumas and these just didn't fit the same, so I sent them back.
B009FNNAT6 Stylish comfort These shoes are so comfortable and the colors are beautiful. They can be worn with a variety of outfits, from bluejeans to causal dresses or skirts. I feel like I got a great bargain.
B009FNNAT6 Very bad Grabs and rubs the heal don't buy this. Looks like a dream feels like a nightmare . Avoid them. Don't buy
B009FNNAT6 Really nice but a bit snug at the back of the heel They feel alittle tight in the back of the heel. My first pair had a suede piece there but these are leather and may be the cause of the feeling of tightness. I hope to break them in!!!!
B009G1BKGW For the price its a good deal I had a gift card to spend and looked at the shoe dept where I found these Puma mesh Hightops, They are in no way meant for sports or ankle support as the high top portion is made of mesh. But these are meant to be Fashion shoes and I love the look of them. I will wear them in the summer with white shorts for sure. They fit well I ordered an 8.5 even though I wear an 8 and they have about a thumbs width from the tip of my toe to the actual end of the shoe which is fine because I dont believe with a high top laced and tied there will be slippage. All in all these shoes will be a great casual addition to my spring / summer wardrobe.
B009G1CITK Yay I love my new $20 pumas. No they do not have any arch support- from other reviews I was already aware of that. I wore them all day  to the grocery store and what not, and found them quite comfortable. If you like flat shoes like chuck taylors or keds, you will likely enjoy these as i do. They look pretty sweet with jeans too.
B009G1CITK Look cool, but hurt The back of the right shoe is somewhat inverted and rubs against the back of my ankle. Hopefully this will resolve w time and breaking it in, but may be unwearable if not.
B009G1D7MM trying to hold on til Monday usps i gave this one star cause i didn't receive my sneaks however i received text alerts stating they were on the way,then text alerts sting they were delivered,then an e-mail asking how would i rate this product........OMG...i just want my sneaks......
B009G1T35M Perfet size beautiful shoes no weight nothing and fit perfect
B009G1T35M I love my PUMA canvas The canvas fit perfectly. It feels very comfortable and i like walking with it of course. It was everything i anticipated it to be and much more!!
B009G1T5YG A little stiff, but otherwise great These shoes aren't quite as sleek as I was expecting--they're not like Nike Free Runs, but more like the harder-core Asics or Mizuno running shoes. The base/support is huge--NOT a minimalist shoe at all. In fact, I'm considering using it only for training/distance and not for races, since they aren't the lightest thing in the world. That being said, I don't know about other peoples' feet, but mine are enjoying the cushioning. I had been having some tendon problems but they seem to have largely subsided since I got these guys. Also, in terms of appearance, these totally rock. (Full disclaimer: optical spectroscopy is my day job and I like bright colors...)
B009G1T5YG Great sneakers!!! When you first get them you have to break them in at first, but after first day they were comfortable and lightweight!!!  But be prepared for feet hurting the first day!  I wore the Saturday and broke them in.  After 3 hours my feet were hurting but I pressed on.  When I put them on Monday for work they were vey comfortable and my feet did not hurt all day!!!
B009G1T5YG comfy sneakers These sneakers are comfortable and are made well.  They run a little big but other than that it is a good purchase
B009G1T5YG Not worth it I run daily, and after reading all the good reviews I deiced  to branch out and give them a try. Big mistake. The back of the shoe is designed too high and basically takes a bite out of your ankle every time you take a step( I have never had this problem before!) Also the sole is far too hard it was making my feet ache and tingle from the pressure on the nerves.Seems like a quick fix right? Hardly, I put in new athletic inserts and gave that a try. The shoes are far too narrow and with a different insert it basically smooched my foot and made it even more numb. These were a waste of money and basically just sit in my closet.
B009G1T5YG Interesting fit The heel of the foot sits lower in this shoe which causes me to strike the front on my foot more appropriately for running, but the back side is so high that it causes blisters.  I either need to get different (taller) socks or use the shoes for shorter runs only.  It doesn't seem to be an issue with 5-mile runs, but is certainly an issue with 8 miles or longer.
B009G1T5YG falling apart I have had these shoes for about a month and wore them maybe 6 or 7 times and they are falling apart.  The bottoms are coming off and the rubber on front of toe on both shoes coming off. I am not a heavy runner and really wish these would have held up.
B009G1T5YG tennis shoes they fit ok, a little snug, and does not allow much movement when wearing them. I did want support and they do, just wish they were a little softer.
B009G1T5YG Ouch! These shoes fit and feel great, however they come up high on the back of the ankle and while running they rubbed the skin right off my ankles.  OUCH!  No way will I be wearing these again.  I can't complain too much though, as I got them very cheap on sale.
B009G1T5YG The shoe wrecked my ankles I previously owned PUMA sneakers for running and loved them. I purchased these with the same expectations, but they wrecked my ankles. The first time I ran in them they tore up the back of my ankles. The second time I wore them days later with band aids, athletic tape, and higher socks, they ripped through all of the above and massacred my ankles. The back of my shoes were covered in blood.Thankfully these were directly by Amazon, and I was allowed to return them even after wearing. They are probably the worst sneaker I every purchased.
B009G1T5YG Lightweight, but a bit tight Blister on Achilles from top of shoe rubbing.  Sore toe tip from narrower toe box.  Comfortable,lightweight, but not a good fit
B009G1T5YG Puma Bioweb look more powerful than they feel Insole inserts have no arch support and inside heels are not comfortable. Will replace insoles. Look fabulous and good value.
B009G1T5YG Loved them Great and beautiful i would recomend for sure well made confortable and very femenine please buy you love them for sure
B009G1T5YG Uncomfortable to wear Same thing as with 10 size - side plastic on sole makes it feel as you walk with wooden sole shoes... Too hard.
B009G1T5YG Very "weak" When I got them, I loved them! They fit perfectly, look amazing, very light, very comfortable. So you'll ask why do I give it only two start? Well, because after only three (3) month of wearing them they are destroyed. Apparently, the material is very thin and they break on both sides of each shoe at the point where you bend the foot.  Yes, I wear them almost every day, most of the day, but 3 months for PUMA product? It's not serious.
B009G1T5YG Hard in the sole At first they were grate but after a while the sole was like you we're standing on a rock and when I ran the mile my feet were in pan and with the holes in them you can get a lot of rocks stuck in them
B009G1T5YG Puma Runners The shoe is a perfect fit although the back is too tight and rubs on the skin! They're a bit heavy also. They should be more flexible
B009G1T5YG First time buying new brand/model without trying it on and I was a little worried when I first put them on.  Ran 2 miles, still not sure, waited a few days then ran 3 miles and I love them.  Light-weight but with enough support for me.  Great price! and my friends are all talking about the color!
B009G1T5YG They look cute, but that's about it Today I walked somewhere between 3 and 4 miles and even halfway my feet started hurting. It was all I could do to make it back to the office. I was pretty satisfied with the shoes but definitly not for distances of much length.
B009G1T5YG Light and good cushion. Nice shoes at a nicer price. Love the bright color and how light they are. My feet don't sweat too much in them. I am a first time runner and bought these based on this. They slipped a little on my heels at first, but I found a different way to lace them on a social network site, and I haven't had trouble since. They have very good cushioning for footfalls, that was my biggest worry. I'm a recovering stomper. Look forward to using them in my first 5k.  Great value!
B009G1T5YG Comfy and Fun These shoes are comfortable, fun to have on, and not only do they do a good job as far as supplying me with support for my feet but they also make me one of the more flashy and fun people at the gym.
B009G1T5YG fits perfectly!! Brought this for my vacation trip, it matched well with my clothing and looked wonderful on my feet. Loved the feel of it when walking, it did not feel heavy or bulky.
B009G1T5YG the left heel always gets scrunched down plus the heel cut is just a tad too high for my foot.  i wear them anyways since i like the styling.  That will teach me to buy athletic shoes without trying them on
B009G1T5YG Impressed! Extremely happy and surprised by the performance and comfort! Wish I would have picked up 2 pairs! I'll be sure to try more Puma's.
B009G1T5YG LOVE it Shoe is super comfortable and has great grip on the ground. When doing squats my shoes stayed firm to the ground.
B009G1U2XE Excellent on line purchase. This Puma Tennis shoes it's very comfortable either to work out, or simply a long afternoon walk.It pretty much matches with any work out cloth u ware.
B009G1U2XE No arch support at all This shoe was very cool and I loved it except there is no arch support at all-like wearing a slipper. I need decent support if I'm doing activities, so I sent them back, sadly.
B009G1U2XE It's an okay shoe I bought these to walk around Disneyworld for a week.  Comfort they fit okay but the tongue constantly rubs against my ankle as I walk.  I'm sure I would get used to it but it became too annoying to put up with on vacation.
B009G1U2XE Great purchase Saved bout 10 dollars from the puma website (pus free shipping, love prime).  I've reserched and as far as I can tell, these are legit Pumas.  Nice thin fit.  I only wonder if I could have gone down a half size.
B009G1U2XE Great for Zumba! I bought these for Zumba.  They are nimble, comfortable, and stable.  True to size.  I have a fairly wide foot.
B009G1VXJG Little Small I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 I ended up purchasing an 8 and they are too tight. The length is okay but they are tight I am hoping after wearing a while they will strech.
B009G1VXJG Liked it Colour is the hit.. Ordered it for one of my friends on her b'day and she loved it.. I choosed two day shipping and it reached on the second day.. I amVery pleased with their guaranteed delivery options.. They fit 100% perfectly..
B009G1VXJG Okay I didnt give the total 5, cause, it has issues with the glue, literally you can see the glue use in this shoes.Color: Great like itSize: Are totally correctComfort: Totally comfortConclusion: Didnt like the part you see the glue, i dont know if this will last.
B009G1VXJG Puma Rocks! Great fit just what I expected. Very comfortable, no pain in my heels or my toes which I have experienced with other brands. Thank You Puma
B009G1WZP2 attractive, well made, & comfortable We went to San Diego for the 4th of July I needed something comfortable and these were excelent. Size run true fabric is cool they were definatly worth the money..
B009G1WZP2 Cute and Comfortable Likes:  Colour, true to size, comfortable and has sufficient cushioning for walking and exercising without being painful on the feet.Dislikes:  Canvas fabric - gives the shoe a bit of a cheap look.
B009GCYNW4 WELL MADE My grandson is hard on his clothes so I have to spend a little more to buy better made clothing. Puma seems to be very well made, long lasting and better fitting. Yes, they cost more but I feel the extra money is well worth it.
B009GCYQDU very cool Amazing fit ... i love how it looks on my kid ... shipping, quality every thing is fine with me ... the price is a little bit expensive
B009GJ586M My dad likes it! Bought it as a Father's Day gift for my father. He wears it every day and receives lots of compliments from co-workers.
B009HWGD08 Lightweight, like a puma. Love the fit: they're a little small, but it was good weight loss incentive! They're very lightweight, and as such, I would definitely recommend washing on delicate / handwash cycle, and allowing to *AIR DRY*; the dryer would probably destroy these things. Nevertheless, that's kind of a standard practice when it comes to polyester underwear; you just don't put them in the dryer.Got what was advertised, and with proper care, I haven't run into the durability issues that are complained about in other reviews here.
B009KBPPAA Daughter Approves It is always a five if my daughter likes to wear them and they are easy to put on. She has worn them to school practically every day for about a month and they are still going.
B009KBTSKS puma Awesome dude hey making these shoes. I love them.They are really comfortable, especially during gym. Thanks a whole lot.
B009KCN4D4 perfect fast and correct as listed will do re-visit. you will have a new customer for future purchases. looking forward for new items.
B009KHBY4U Wonderful race shoes for track! I bought these on behalf of an athlete, who requested this specific pair for indoor track.  He loves them and is very pleased.  The shipping on these shoes were exceptionally fast - arrived weeks before expected.Would purchase again from this seller.
B009KHBY4U Very Good I purchased several pairs of these Puma running Spikes for various athletes I coach & all bar 1 have improved by 1-2 meters in a matter of weeksAll say they feel good energy return & all are looking very active with their foot plantsCouldn't be happier with the shoes, though  not very cheap they are not too costly either while on special
B009KRMGFQ Excellent shoes Extremely lightweight and very convenient. My daughter love it from the first minute.It's supposed as casual wear but suited well for sports.
B009KRMGFQ AMAZING purchase I wanted my daughter to have something unusual, AND durable for back to school tennis shoes. Going into the ''big 4th grade" I knew she outgrew the standard, ''hello kitty'' and ''dora''...but I didn't want her to have a standard running shoe that didn't look fashionable. However, the fit has to be good too!! I hit the jackpot! I flipped when these arrived!haha knowing SHE would flip.  They seem to go with everything in her wardrobe.  She's flat footed and says they feel so comfortable, she doesn't wear any other shoes.  They are a very pretty shade of dark grey, not black,,the pink Puma Cat, catches the eye, and she gets tons of compliments ''where did you GET those!" It made her back to school special...and I can tell they will stand the test of time.  ANOTHER plus is they are SO easy to clean..I can spray them with a lysol cleaner and papertowel.  How practical.  Can't say enough good things about this shoe,,I can only say I hope they make them in women's sizes ;)
B009KRMGFQ A good shoe. These shoes are holding up to heavy play and are performing as expected. They were a gift for a child relative and she enjoys them.
B009KSDDUM Tight Very tight, gave bad blisters first day. Cute but she won't be able yo wear them . So I wasted $50.00 bucks. Lesson learned try them on before you buy.
B009KSDTL0 Perfect Puma Not only did they arrive ahead of the expected time... But they were a perfect... Wish they had a lot more colors... Great shoe!!!!!
B009KSDTL0 Some Pros and Cons Compared to Crocs I bought these because my daughter is about to grow out of her 4/5 crocs and the 6/7 crocs are huge on her.  These are well made and are a similar material.  The pros are that they come in whole sizes and fit better.  Also the tennis shoe design stays on her feet better.  The cons are 1) the price ($30 for rubber shoes!)2) the crocs have better arch support and 3) they are a bit hard to get on.  I bought these primarily for the pool and it's even harder to get these on with wet feet.A great choice if you are looking for play shoes that you can just scrub when they get dirty.  They are ok for the pool but they will require a bit of work getting them on.
B009KSDTL0 LOVE THESE SHOES FOR MY DAUGHTER!!! My mom had night Cooper crocs for the summer and she would not leave the crocs on for anything. Plus she has  fairly thin feet and the crocs just seemed huge and loose on her. But these pumas are AWESOME! They fit her perfect AND stay on her feet without her slipping around. Easy to get on amd waterproof ao perfect for outdoors and water play. I get complements EVERYWHERE we go on her shoes! :) I'd love a pair in my size!  Haha
B009KTLR6I excellen shoes its just excellent , i liked it for my kid , and she liked it too.i will reorder another one for her sister.
B009KUEOFS great shoe. seem to run a little big. but hey. my kid is growing like a weed so they work just fine. next week they will fit just fine. would recommend.
B009KUEOFS good fit got these in the time they were expected. my 5 year old absolutely loved them. She was excited about the bright pink and especially the rhinestones.
B009KUEOFS Recommeded + Positive I right receive everything during the planned date to arrival in Porto Rico San Juan. All Clothes are very nice ! my daugther love it ! everything goes fine ! Thanks !
B009KUEOFS Nice looking sneakers!!! Wanted real sneakers for gym class that my daughter would like and would allow her to perform well in class.  We have other sneakers which look cool and  are great for dressing up or just casual wear.  These are both cool looking and great for athletic wear which is important to our little athlete.  My only concern is the within a 3 weeks it started showing signs of wear and tear on the stitching.  So far in general they are still holding up, but kind of expected more use out of them before they would start showing signs wear and tear so soon.  I will see how long they eventually hold up.
B009KUEOFS great product I woul recommend to my friends and I like it because its wonderful thanks for giving me the opportunity to get this
B009KVEDCG PUMA OSU JRS Sneaker Great fit, nice looking sneakers. My daughter didn't complain, so I believe they must be comfortable as well. Even though Puma's advertising the packaging/bag in which it came as being environmental friendly, I don't know what to do with it but throw in the trash. It's too small to be of any real use and, had it been paper, it could've been recycled cardboard, for instance, I'd just recycle myself. Not good for the 'earth', according to my opinion.
B009KVEDCG excelent!! my baby loved them fit exactly as expected, and the packing as beautifull as the shoe itself!! I loved.them too
B009KVEDCG Disappointed in Puma. Highly disappointed in puma with this shoe. My son didn't even wear these for two months and the bottom rubber parts were pealing off the bottom... I've always bought puma shoes but these were horrid.
B009L7VLHE OMG! I was SO happy to see these sneakers, I wanted cute Sneakers that were Unique. The Prices were GREAT compared to the Puma website and stores! They were so affordable. And i LOVE these sneakers. i rate it  5 STARS ! The Sneakers were in GREAT Condition... they were COMFORTABLE... Recommend this to EVERYONE
B009LA8GFG to small love the shirt  just alittle to small for an xxl./ all the other brands i bought fit great for a xxl
B009LA8GFG Nice tshirt - wear it all the time Not a bad tshirt.  Got it on sale.  Puma pattern on the fabric seems higher quality, and it has not peeled or warped at all.
B009LA8GFG Mmmm Looks fantastic on my man who is between a medium & large, but due to his broad shoulders & muscular arms, the Large was certainly the better choice & fit.  A fine purchase!
B009LA8GFG Great fit - love the material Really like this shirt.  It fits really well and the material is quite soft and comfortable for either casual wear or working out.  I got this to test out - will be purchasing in other colors, too.
B009LA8GFG great i think its a dri-fit shirt didnt say it was but it is and is soft i like it though so yeah its a dri fit shirt not regular T
B009LA8GFG xxl? Not Cotton This is the first time I bought a XXL shirt that is too small across the shoulders. The shirt not 100% organic cotton but 65% polyester. I have returned it.
B009LA8GFG beautiful & comfortable beautiful and comfortable materialsI recommend it and buy other colors were black and white and gray and all amazing, especially with the Puma  black pants
B009LA8GFG PUMA Tee PUMA TEE Shirt - BLACK********************************There is not much to say about this product other than it is a Tee Shirt by Puma.It fits very nice, if you purchase the right size and the texture, the material of the Tee feels very comfortable on skin.I have purchased Puma products in the bast, shoes, tees, and shorts. As usual, great product for its price.Would purchase again.Buy it.*****5 out 5*****
B009LACZ30 Awesome Shirt Got the shirt really fast and quickly tried on for fit. I'm 5'7 and atheletic build of 185 lbs and fits great. I have a 31 waist so the mid section was very loose, arms were good and neck was perfect and didnt squeeze like some do. Awesome Shirt.
B009LACZ30 Different Than Picture I must say, I'm getting a bit turned off Amazon for clothing products.  I'm starting to see that the quality is going downhill fast.  The t-shirt is quite flimsy quality.  We have a lot of PUMA t-shirts and none are this thin.This t-shirt is a lot more green than in the picture advertised.  More of a dark Teal than "Midnight Navy".Also, it's actually about three inches shorter than on the model in the picture.  My guy is 6'2 and I got an XL.  The t-shirt falls just barely below his jeans waistline.  If the shirt shrinks at all it's going to be a belly shirt!
B009LACZ30 Running small Got my regular size but it feels a little snug. But do like how the shirt feels. just scared of the shrinkage of when I wash it.
B009LAD1GU 2xl is really xl! The shirt ran a little small, and shrank considerably after one washing.
B009LAEDZS Very durable shirt. Shirt is soft and durable. The shirt is easy to wash.  You can wear this shirt anywhere. I reccomend it.
B009LAEDZS A little pricey Good product but a little on the pricey side. Would purchase more puma apparell. The red shirt fits very well.
B009LATZ3I Not so great It's Ok, its way to wide and short, I like the design and quality but the fit is just awkward .
B009LAU910 perfect been looking for an italia track jacket for a while and was skeptical of paying so much for one, but this is nicer than I imagined and worth the cost. It came pretty quick too :)
B009LAV7OI BMW Fan I enjoy driving the ultimate driving machine and now I have a stylish sporty BMW Tee that looks and feels good.
B009LAV7OI If you love BMW this is for you. Outstanding service!  Arrived well before it's estimated date.  Very satisfied with the shirt.  It's well crafted.  This is a gift, & without a doubt, it was a good choice!  It will please the recipient & put a smile on his face like it did mine.
B009LAW850 Why do I need to pay for return postage? The shirt was too small. I don't have a problem with the look and feel of the shirt. It was fine. My problem is with the seller. Why do I have to pay for return postage? This makes no sense. I paid $60 for the shirt. Now, I have to buy a shipping package and pay for shipping myself. This will make my return closer to $45 or $50. Terrible. Terrible. Terrible policy!!! Especially for clothing. Some things are a safe purchase on Amazon but clothing is one thing that should have a fair return policy. The second I tried the shirt on, I knew it didn't fit. Now, I have to pay for this?? So lame.
B009LAW850 Great Puma should use atleast 40% Polyester in its Motorsport Polos. It makes the life of Polo longer. Except that everything is fine.And Amazon is also doing great delivering to Canada. Taxes and shipping is reasonable. Try clearing those situations where some products cant be shipped to Canada due to some reason :(
B009LAWG7U Ducati shirt The Ducati part is made up of motorcycle componants but looks like flowers from a distance. Shirt fit and feels great though!
B009LAWG7U Really Dissapointing The shirt looks nice, but based on previous reviews I picked up an XL. Here's the problem, it's an XXL sideways and about a medium in length. After one wash it barely goes past my waist, and yet it's wide enough to fit 1 3/4 of me. I'm 6'1 and 220 lbs, but this thing is designed for someone about 5'8 with a 44&#34; waist. If you can't try it on, first I'd say don't get it.
B009LAWG7U Awesome shirt If you love ducati this the shirt for you. My only complaint is that it shrunk after I washed it once
B009LH1TPS Less consistent than I had hoped I bought these because I got a groupon for a couple of pairs, and I liked them very much. They undies I got from groupon fit perfectly, by which I mean snugly, but unlike other snug undies, the waistband had some good give to it. Too often I get ugly red marks on my skin where the waistband has been hugging me all day, but these have a nice feel to them.Unfortunately, a couple of the ones I got from Amazon didn't seem to be cut quite the same as the others. They feel less snug, almost loose compared to the others. I notice that Puma seems to be discontinuing them, and maybe that's why. In any even, I couldn't give them 5 stars, due to lack of consistency.
B009LH1TPS Yea.. It's underwear These are some pretty nice boxer briefs. A little snug, but comfy. I think that they effectively hide my thunder.
B009M4B9G4 very hard to put it on this puma running tights looks great and made well. but inside it has rubber details wich makes it very hard to put on. it is just feels like it glue to your feet. i could n t even try them on properly. i had to return it back.and very sorry about it because they are really made so well .
B009MNYG1U The perfect fit Shoes fit me perfect and I have wide feet. They were truly better than I expected, the comfort is outstanding and I stand all day every day.
B009MNYG1U Puma vs I am happy with the first impression of Puma Roma.  Final evaluation will be reserved until after several months of  wear and use have taken place.
B009MNYG1U Great! I had my doubts about the originality of the product because the price was very low, but when I found that the material was good with perfect cuts, no residual glue, et, my doubts disappeared. I am very happy with my shoes.
B009MNYG1U I love the shows and how they look with a couple ... I love the shows and how they look with a couple ties I purchased to match. The only drawback is that the soles near the heel have already started coming unglued. Nothing a shoe-poxy can't fix, but still a little frustrating.
B009MNYG1U Thank you I chose this rating because they arrived on time and they fit perfect! I was on sure because it has been a long time since I've ordered some pumas but they fit like a glove and I'm thankful for them.
B009MNYG1U Stylish and comfortable shoe I've only worn the shoes a few times and they have already broken in for the most part. They are really comfortable. They do come with black laces and yellow laces. I chose to rock the yellow laces.
B009MNYG1U stylish shoes but there is a  quality defect on the left shoe where you can feel the threading and material sticking down on your forefoot.  Wish every time you get an issue like this, you get like a Bing $5 gift card.
B009MNYG1U Alright Alright Alright Good shoe. Fits perfectly. Definitely not as narrow as other Puma shoes. I wear a 13, and they are comfortable.
B009MNYG1U Live my Pumas Excellent got, comfortable!  Favorite sneakers
B009MNYG1U SEAHAWKS!!!!!!! Perfect for supporting the team!  GO HAWKS! 12th Man!! Seahawks are taking Super Bowl in 2014. In Russ We Trust
B009MNYG1U Greta Summer footwear Once again Puma delivered. Classic style you can't go wrong  with.  My feet are on somewhat wider side and yet I do not feel squished in. Moderate foot support. I highly recommend.
B009MNYG1U Just Great I give this a five rating cause as soon as I put my feet in these shoes I felt right, I order a size nine but I originally wear 8.5 so I say let me just take a nine to be sure. Rather it a little bigger which I can still stick paper in it and wear them sill than it smaller which I mightn't be able to wear it at all. The shoes fit perfect, soft and nice on the inside. I say if you going to the gym or even going out this is a good flick.
B009MNYG1U Three Stars It's okay but the leather isn't of the best quality
B009MNZO3O Gift These were a gift for my wife and they fit perfectly, she usually get a 9.5 and seems great and she always use them with comfort
B009MNZO3O Really comfortable! Not much else to say..... They feel like slippers and look great with jeans. Was looking for a shoe that could be ultra casual without being too tacky and without trying to look a decade younger than I am. Thrilled.
B009MNZO3O Comfy As expected because I had  tried them on in a store.  Found them cheaper on Amazon.I really like them because they are not a 'clunky' sport shoe.
B009MO0E2Y I'm satisfied Its a very fun shoe! It goes well with jeans or bodycon dresses! I hope see more colors such as all black.
B009MO0E2Y Stunning They are a WOW statement !.Something totally different. They fit slightly 1/2 size larger than normal, but extremely comfortable,One can walk all day without getting tired feet. Bought another 2 pairs as a gift.
B009MO0E2Y Smelly The odor was a reminder of how with our paints and our plastics we are destroying our environment.  They were returned.On a sizing note, I wear an 8 shoe but after reading the other reviews I purchased this in a 7.5 and they fit well I just couldn't abide the stench.
B009MO0E2Y I bought one size smaller than usual - ( note I have a narrow foot) because I had read a reviewer's accurate comment on size...... that is why I now review ...I love them a lot, tho&#34; astonished at the electric acid yellow when the photo showed acid green on my computer as it does now...But they are still great & the first day I wore them 2 gorgeous, chic young ladies in elevator remarked on my shoes!!  I am a senior, senior!
B009NGLKEM not made well The emblem on the front is defective and when its washed sticks together,  It also shrunk to half its size
B009NGLO4I trash, dont waste your money I was so disappointed in the quality of this shirt that was ruined the first time I washed it. No where did it say that the shirt had to be hand washed and hung up to dry. The first time I washed it the emblem on the front of the shirt came right off and stuck together like a piece of duct tape which ripped when I tried to unfold it. My son loved the shirt and was really disappointed. I was just mad I wasted the money. In retropect, I should have returned the pieces for a refund, instead I just threw it away. Waste of money.
B009R9D60G Little brighter than I thought. Little brighter than they look in the picture otherwise these are great kicks to run around the city in on the weekend.
B009R9D60G Red, white, and blue. U-S-A! I couldn't be happier with these shoes. They shipped and arrived quickly. I also get compliments from random people every time I wear them. How many pairs or styles of shoes can you say that about? They also came with two different sets of shoelaces: one was a white base with a red line down the middle, the other was a flat blue. I would definitely buy these again, and may in fact do so in a few years when these have run their course.
B009RRDHIY Great deal!!! Exelent looker!!! My fiance adores this watch!!! I recommend it to any one, excellent quality!!! She's happy so I'm happy!!
B009SCY9AI Fits like my Black ad White Drift Cats These shoes fit like comfortable slippers. Not made for long distance walking but they hold up to it. They are awesome for driving. You can really feel the peddles. Looking forward to getting more colors.
B009SD2936 Great one Got really quick ,was in better condition,the color was a bit light as compared to the picture but its comfortable
B009SD2936 Questionable material Looks good but the material feels a little cheap. Almost like the fabric is made of a cloth version of cardboard.
B009SD2936 no adjustment for fit I bought these as a gift for my 89 year old father thinking a nice, no lace sneaker would be a good thing. I did not realize that what looks in the picture to be a grey velcro-secured strap across the front of the snealer was sewn and not adjustable at all anf this was too loose for him to wear with any sure-footedness. Amazon's great return policy was used and my payment was credited in a few days.
B009SDR9HC Quite good The sneakers was everything as described, but for me it was a too exact fitting.  Should have taken a 8.5.  But would recommend.
B009SSFZKU Buyer Beware: NO Evidence it is Organic Cotton Buyer Beware: There is no evidence this shirt is made with Organic Cotton. The Labels on the shirt just says cotton, not Organic cotton and has no certification of the organic cotton used. It seems like a regular cotton shirt.I will not return it because it is still stylish, but chances are I will not buy again.
B009STI9NO Nice airs The shoes are as described on the site site/ Great feel..a bit smaller that what is shown  but still...looking forward for more shopping in the near future
B009STI9NO solicitud de informacion Good afternoon, first accept my best regards, I am writing in order to express that two (02) days bid this product: Puma Men's PUMA Runner Running Shoe, Black / Sulphur Spring, 8.5 D U.S., which had a price of $ 32.00, when boy to pay today with my credit card, I am informed that the item's price is $ 60.00, I would like you to please review the day I bid, to see what I can leave on the price to buy above to proceed.Without further reference to goodbye to you, waiting for a prompt and positive response.Sincerely.Login.Cyberpiter.com @ gmail.com
B009STI9NO great Comfortab le shoe s in  a re asonable pri ceThis my favourite sports wear com pany in my opinion
B009STI9NO not very sturdy I'm a moderate jogger, and don't wear the shoes for anything else. They only made it a couple months and the inside of the heal started to misshape. Had to stop using because it was altering my step. I'm done!
B009STJS8E Lightweight nice tight fit in the heel and comfy So I just got these today but they fit really nicely and were much lighter than my older pumas I believe the night fox edition. The colors are poppin as usual. The heel is snug which in like and the curl from heel to toe is suited to for a more curved foot which was good for me, maybe not you though. The only thing I would complain about is the support in the ankle though I have weak ankles so we shall see how they hold up to the trails.
B009STNEF2 PUMA's Cell sneaks are where it's at. Puma always proves to be consistent in their sizing..I am a fan and very loyal customer.  I think I have about 12 pairs of the Cell shoe now. KEEP IT UP, PUMA!!!
B009STNEF2 PUMA Men's Cell Gen Cross-Training Shoe,Fluorescent Green,10 D US My 4th pair of Pumas. I have not been disappointed yet. I used to run in Pumas in high school back in the late sixties, early seventies. You can wear these and re-capture the feeling !
B009STNEF2 Hideously Ugly and Too Big I made the mistake of reading the reviews too carefully. Several recommended buying a size up when these were way too big. Aside from that, they were just plain ugly. Mistaken purchase. I'll keep trying (:
B009STNEF2 Color and heel What looks closer to the color blue is more purple than expected. The bondage of shoe's rubber on the heel is weak. It took off after 2 weeks.
B009STNEF2 They work I bought these for work and they are great.  I work retail so they were worth it. Worth the cost.
B009STNEF2 SUPER NICE! I was kind of scare to order some green shoes but I as so happy I did. They fit perfect and the style is amazing. I have the orange one's on my wish list and I have gotten so many compliments from girls of all things. Order and shipping and fast an easy. I will definitely be ordering some more in the next week or two.
B009STNEF2 Puma, a perfect fit! I chose this puma shoe because it's one of my favorite. Puma is my ultimate brand when it comes to sports apparels. I have been using puma brand shoes because of its quality and the fact that it's very comfortable on me so, choosing this model is a way of meeting one of my favorite sports needs. Also, it's good for the price with which it came. I like it so much and I would recommend it to the everybody.
B009STNEF2 comfort and style great traction. light but sturdy, the shoes seem to be really well made, I have worn them two months now and they have held their shape and worn evenly
B009STNEF2 as advertised everything is as advertised-innersole could use a bit more padding.innersole thickness is a matter of personal taste so i would buy this shoe again.
B009STNEF2 awesome this shoe is epic to say the least.  The color is vivid and bright and every time I wear them I get compliments.
B009STNEF2 Good one Light weight, stylish and comfortable. I am using this as a casual wear, got for $61 in some offer. I like the color combination too.
B009SU39K6 Very disappointed I bought these shoes at around $110 and it was because I wanted to lose and maintain my weight by walking with a FitBit one unit daily. The size is accurate at my US8 and the fit was pretty ok. If you have broader feet these might be a too narrow. I used them daily for a 2 hour and above walk and never for running. Within two months, I noticed this morning there was a side wear and tear at the inner left feet of the textile along the embossed Puma motif. The tear measures an inch and a separate of half and inch. As I do not  engage in any strenuous activated aside from walking in them for the past 2 months, these tears were a total disappointment.For comfort, they were alright. But I believe the materials used are not going to last you for long. At the price point, it is very disappointing.Update : a month later and the other shoe has apparently succumbed to the same fate; 2 side tears.
B009SU4IDI Perfect fit Comfortable and fits perfectly.  Puma runs small in women's sizes so the 7 fits my 6.5 foot perfectly.  Will purchase another in the future
B009SU4SF6 unique look and Puma quality you don't see these everywhere is why I bought them.  They look good and are super comfortable.  I did 10 mile walking days for a week all over London in these boots.
B009SUAWDI They are alright I was looking for something that I would be able to wear since I'm on my feet for 10 hours a day. After reading about them I thought they would be comfortable for  being on my feet for 10 hours a day I mean they are ok but I'm still looking for something better.
B009SUNNQQ Perfect fit Good mix of orange and blue.. It's so soft and sits comfortably on me.This is my 3rd Puma and the best of the lot because of the comfortness.
B009SUSWKI Good fit color... But the grey is more blue... The shoes fit and feel well. The discription and the picture of the shoe was slightly off. I was expecting the gray to be darker. But instead they are really more grayish blue.
B009SUSWKI Top sneakers! Always liked the RS line by Puma. Definitely a throwback look that should go well with anything you got in your closet and will cushion your feet well.
B009SVMOCO Squeaky bottom They fit, look decent. I'm satisfied for the price but the squeak is quickly annoying. Its okay. Not very comfy
B009SW91XS Error in this show This shoe is not my style because that strap is fixed and permanent. I was under the impression the strap is adjustable.
B009SW91XS no good I purchase a pair in black.but the material gets cracked very fast :/Also the strap is not adjustable and the shoe gets loose
B009SWB1BS HAPPY mom!! Great fit, and a great style!!! Just a warning if your child gets into dirt like mine does, it does not take long for the white parts of the shoe to look grey. REGARDLESS, still VERY happy with this purchase, and so is my son! Win, WIN!!!
B009SWX7TW Disappointed My boyfriend loves pumas and so I decided to buy these for him because they looked awesome. I was really disappointed with these though. They fell apart a week after we got them. The color also faded. Very disappointed.
B009SWX7TW Good quality sneaker They fit very nicely and are not too narrow. Cleaning them is easy enough. My son came home with grass and mud stains all over them. I used a rag dipped in a very weak bleach solution. This worked beautifully and took off the stains without damaging the white material. I would not use the solution on the red parts though. Overall, they are very comfortable.
B009SWX7TW Everything is Perfection but one small issue Looks exactly like the picture of it here, it's the lightest shoes I've ever worn.  The looks are perfection, everybody loves it but small problem is the heel part of the shoe feels like it's about to whenever worn slip off.  You can still do whatever in it, I mean it won't fall off.
B009T3ADW4 Puma Women's 3 Pack Quarter One pair of sock, some of the PUMA print was found missing. Seems like this is a fast fabricated product.
B009T3ADWO untrustworthy, not as described The socks I rec'd are cheap looking and only 28 percent cotton and 67 percent polyester and not 80 percent cotton they advertize.  Shame on you.
B009T3W0NO Adorable & Durable I love this outfit for my 2 year old. Food stains washed out easily with a little pretreatment and gentle wash with like colors. The material is soft and breathable which has been great in the 100 degree weather we have been experiencing. The material has also held up against the play ground and regular washing and drying. It looks great and is an easy everyday outfit that my son finds comfortable. The shorts fit my tall skinny toddler with out falling down or squeezing him uncomfortably.
B009V3NJR8 The red color is MUCH lighter than the picture appears Just got them theres ok, not that great of a quality certainly not as much as the El Ace shoe by puma. Also be warned when buying the red color, it is bright red almost pink not dark red or maroon like the picture looked
B009V3NJR8 Well made I got these for my 13 year old son that plays soccer every day at school for fun.  They have held up very well.  It has been 3 months since he got them and they show very little wear.  The color is a little lighter then indicated in the picture (we got the fluorescent green).  It picks up quite a bit of dirt, but that is expected.  I have not been disappointed by Puma yet.
B009WPE596 Gets him warm! Its all good! Happy with this purchase enough though the gray in this picture is a little darker than what you get. But the quality is great and keeps my little guy warm during the spring chilly days.
B009WPIL5K snazzy track suit. I bought this in a medium for my tall 7 year old. It is a long but it works as he grows fast.
B009WPIL5K Ok jacket My son saved up his money to buy this jacket.  He was very excited to have it.  It didn't take long for the stitching to start to come apart at the seams.  This is not the best quality jacket.
B009XEZMJS Neon is HUGE this Spring. I have twin boys -- 11 years old and they love wearing their neon colored shirts.  The fit is standard -- which is a good thing when ordering online, and it washes perfectly.  We've ordered a couple of these.
B009XFYR0C Imitation This is NOT genuine PUMA I am upset and want my money back!!!!! Why they advertise PUMA and its a filmsy material that will tear. DO NOT BUY THIS
B009XFYR0C thin shirt This has to be one of the thinnest shirts made. That could be ok if it was a darker  color but would not buy again
B009XFYTCS Puma I love this shirt. I bought it for my son for the hot months of summer. It worked exactly how I planned.
B009XFYTCS Practical t-shirts Practical t-shirts. My son uses it to their sports practices, basketball, taekwondo, etc ... It is comfortable, lightweight and combinable with any shorts.
B009XFYTCS HAPPY I ordered this shirt for my nephew, And I like it so much, I can't wait till I see him wearing this shirt :)
B009XFYTCS Great for athletics I bought this for my 8 year old for gym days.  It fits well, and there is room to grow.  The fabric is slightly thinner than expected, but it keeps him cool when he's active.
B009XFYTCS Excellent purchase. I bought these for my grandson. He absolutely loved them. He especially loved how the Puma stood out and felt soft to the touch. The shipping was quick and easy. Excellent purchase.
B009XG1Z56 Larger finer but fine The shorts are really lightweight, thin and run large. They were purchased for my younger son who wears a medium, but my older son who wears a men's small or boy's extra large fit in them, so now they are his.While I wouldn't necessarily repurchase them, my kids like them and thereforet recommend them, but again caution about size and quality.
B009XG3QBW Great pants My 5 year old really likes these pants. They fit very well and are comfortable for him. The elastic waistband is nicely covered, but there are super long tags that might make you itch. The pants are a thick mesh type fabric that is warm, but not hot. The fabric is the same, inside and out. Very nice and soft. Only issue is that the mesh can pull and cause runs in the fabric. Which is very likely with 5 year olds.
B009XJ6ATO Adorable dress I luv this drees and will be purchasing more! Great price and deliverd as promised and quickly.Great color, nice material and its a casual dress to wear to school and be comfy for her at school too! Stylish and will probably get a lot of wear!
B009XJ8SPI Capri pant My daughter is just 4 and bit slim but these are stretchy so they will be worn next spring and summer as well.
B009XP7N5S Comfortable and masculine These flip flops are very comfortable.  I wanted to add some pink into my flip flop selection, but it needed to be masculine, and these definitely fit the bill.
B009YGXAM6 recommend The quality of the fabric is divine, washed and does not affect the texture, fantastic colors besides being very warm for winter.I can only say that I had a breakdown in the fabric but minimal, and a down
B009YGXAM6 Long Pants I really like this track suit, but noticed that the pants seem very long, and I have a long-legged toddler. My son has worn this for a few months and we still have to roll up the legs.  The jacket part fits great and we often wear that outside on cooler mornings.
B009YGXAM6 looks great.. I got my order extremely fast .. i got 2 of them .. one for my kid and the other for my nephew .. the material is fine and size fits exactly .. my kid is 2 years and half my nephew is 2 years .. I had a problem with stitches color and the way they made its kind of not in a strait line and on white material these defects stands out..
B009YGXAM6 Disappointed! The color of this looked like it would be mint green but it is actually neon green.  My son is 8 months old and I got the 12 month size which was way too small.  The jacket would fit an average 6 month old- the sleeves are very small and the pants have a very narrow waist. My son is 21lbs but I also bought the Adidas track suit in 12 month and it fits great with lots of room.
B009YJQGWE yoga pants for my cheerleader i got these for my pee wee cheerleaders practices (team is purple&gold;)They are well made and she loves them!
B009YTON24 SUPER Light, but You Need a Perfect Fit Pros:* By far, the LIGHTEST pair of shoes I've ever worn, and not just soccer cleats. 180g = 6.4 ounces = hot dang!* This new synthetic material is very thin, yet very sturdy...Cons:*...Because the material is so sturdy, it doesn't stretch. Unlike leather, there is no way to "grow into" these shoes. Either you fit them perfectly - if it is just a bit snug, you should think about getting the next size up.
B009YTPK8A Great fit and solid construction I've been playing Ultimate Frisbee in mud and icy fields for weeks in these. They fit perfectly and comfortably, and they've kept me from turning my heels into hamburger many many times. Highly recommended.Make sure to wash them in the sink, not the washing machine so you don't ruin them. Mine still look great once I take a rag to them.
B009YTRWJK the best pumas ever? HOLY F*** these EVOSPEEDS  are BADASS. never before have i worn a shoe with such comfort and control. they are a massive step up from my G. Villas, GV SPECIALS and SL sizzle low's, and i liked all of those shoes.
B009Z1M0X0 well this as expected well this as expected, there is no problem with the delivery is very well without any novelty in this respect
B009ZRIJ0C Bargain shoes Thought the villain theme might be a bit cheesy, but these are cool.  Look like typical Vans, hipsterish sneakers that go with sit and a bow-tie.
B00A005X4S Sporty Flat I wear flats almost every day with my jeggings, and I was looking for something a little sporty/casual to wear with t-shirts. These grey sneaker flats are perfect! They are made out of mesh, yes, but they are also lined on the inside with a stretchy, non-mesh material, so that your toes aren't directly stretching the mesh material. Also, I am normally between a size 6 and a 6.5, but I normally go up to a 6.5 for sneakers, so I ordered the 6.5. They fit perfectly - not too tight and they don't slip off. They have more padding than my normal GAP flats. The bottom of the show is not stiff like my other flats, it is a rubbery, flexible bottom. Very comfortable, but you can feel the ground when you walk. I purchased these for everyday use, not for exercise; I wouldn't recommend them for working out. They are perfect for what I wanted them for.
B00A005X4S It is ok These shoes fit as expected. They are kind of see through and have no arch support not exactly as I wanted.
B00A005X4S Not for me. I ended up sending these back.  I realize that they are a mesh material, but thought they'd be a little sturdier/thicker? then they were.  Felt like if I wore them a couple months I wouldn't be surprised if my big toe wore a hole in the mesh.  Maybe it wouldn't have, but I didn't like them enough to take the chance.
B00A005X4S comfy You can't get any comfier than these. After reading the reviews I also ordered.7.5 instead of 7 and they are great.
B00A005X4S I love my new ballet flat sneakers!! These are awesome shoes! They look just as pictured, an amazingly beautiful mint green! They have pudgy cushions and fit perfectly! I put them on with no socks and took a run. It was comfortable and they did not slip off! It was like being barefoot and running on a memory foam mattress. Vey nice!!!!!
B00A008HR8 Stain on left shoe There's a yellow stain on the left shoe and I couldn't wash it off. These sneakers have a beautiful minty color and it's such a pity to have an obvious stain.
B00A008HR8 Comfortable and stylish Love the style on these shoes and I'm crazy for this orange color.  Was going to get the pink until I saw them in person and the orange is much cooler.  Nice fit and comfy too with a slight elevation, which I like!
B00A008HR8 Love it, gives  me a little height [..] Posts  scroll down on this page. Shoes are perfect for capris and skinny jeans. Cheaper on here too, it's 80+ dollars on puma website + shipping. Amazon is the best way to go.
B00A008HR8 Product was the same as pictured on the order screen Loved the color which was the same as the picture shown on the screen.  I found It a little difficult to slide my foot into the shoe & needed a shoe horn.  I was amazed to find out there was plenty of room at the toes.  The sneakers were still comfortable after wearing them a couple of hours.  Mostly I was impressed with the grey & white color of the sneakers as well as the slight wedge.
B00A008HR8 Cute at First I really like the shoe, its comfortable enough. I got a 1/2 size up bc that's how I size heels.  They work well with skinny or relaxed fit jeans.  They are somewhat narrow or my foot is wider than I think.  I got the all gray ones bc they seem to blend well with my wardrobe.  I like that no1 else has them (and Im in Korea).  I like the style.  I am inclined to purchase another pair in a different color bc they aren't terribly expensive.  But they did tear and I have had them less than a month.  I don't do anything extraordinary in them whatsoever.  The rip is where my foot bends in the front, right above the stripes on the left foot in front of the logo).  For now, I am considering a 2nd order but for what it costs, I was satisfied.  I have worn them once since but they aren't anything I can show off, now.
B00A008HR8 Just perfect I've never been more happy to review an item.  Puma hit the nail on the head with these babies!  While they're not made for an aerobic workout of any kind (maybe yoga or Pilates) they are perfect for when I wear cute, comfy workout attire just to run some arrands, casually walk the Vegas strip, or walk around a mall, while still looking cute and feminine.  They're perfect for us shorter gals whose feet have become used to walking in high heels.  The lift is the ideal hight (drop) to walk around for hours without your heels pulling and aching.  I found these in Macy's athletic shoe section, so I got the size right, a 7 1/2, but of course they were sold out of the black and whites.  So was Amazon!  So one day I checked back, and sure enough, there was 1 pair of 7 1/2's.  A &#34;slightly worn&#34; return.  I scooped them up, of course.  They arrived perfectly brand new!  I'm in love and ordering more colors while I can.  For reference, I'm a true size 8 in most Nikes, a 7 1/2 in Asics, and a 6 - 6 1/2 in most open back, or sling back dress shoe heels.  A+ Puma!
B00A008HR8 great wonderful!! i bought this for my sister with best price ever. wedge makes look taller and colour is very bright and good.
B00A008HR8 thinner, lower and very narrow These are much narrower and lower than I expected.Better for jogging than walking I guess because they are very flimsy/lightweight.I am disappointed. Not as well made as I thought Puma would be.
B00A0HDGAO Great for so far My daughter is starting soccer soon, but she has also played with these on outside in the grass just to get a good feel. She likes them so far.
B00A0HDGAO puma i pay # 1, but arrived me # 12, for this reason the boy don't used this shoes,i need to know what i can to do, thanks.in this moment my boy used once but  don;t like more because cause injuries in his foots
B00A0HDGAO perfect fits right.... very nicely made ... my son enjoyed playing  soccer with this shoe ... i like the fact that it so sleek
B00A0HEKYK Basic indoor soccer cleat for kids I bought these for my 7 yr old son who is soccer mad. He moved from outdoor to indoor soccer so needed indoor cleats. The court is fairly slippery and the game is fast so a shoe with good grip is important. These do the trick. Quality is average, thus far 4 weeks in they are holding up well.  He says they are comfortable (and he is fairly picky about shoes too). I have compared them to the cleats bought by friends at the soccer swap and they match up quite well. Overall good value for money.
B00A0HEKYK PUMA Universal IT Soccer Cleat review My son is very  happy with these indoor cleats.  Says they give great traction and are comfortable.  I can recommend them.
B00A0HEKYK Like the look and fit I am happy with how they fit my son.  He was wearing borrowed cleats while seeing if he liked the sport. They kept falling off of him.  now he can concentrate on playing soccer without the worry of his cleat falling off.
B00A0HFT2W Good-Looking Shoes These shoes fit true to size and look sharp. My son likes cleats that are not plain - just a little different than everyone else's. These aren't the most obnoxious ones that he's had but he still likes them and I think they look good on the field. They are a little stiff so if you don't like a stiff cleat then these may not be for you - they are a lot like Adidas ones that we've had in the past. We have gotten Nike ones in the past that are a softer leather.
B00A0HL9D0 Looked great at first These were great at first, but before long the elastic ties that they have broke and since then it has been a battle of the laces!  They don't work well with the replacement laces that I put in and my son (and his teacher) get very frustrated keeping them tied.
B00A3T5XDC GOOD! I love the color, the fabric is a bit soft, but I think it will be fine and quite fresh during my workouts at the gym
B00A3T5XDC PUMA Puma Women's PE Running Tank Top I purchased this top as the colors matched a pair of running shoes I had picked up at a garage sale. The order was received in a timely manner and the tank matched the shoes perfectly.  I purchased the large for my medium frame and liked how it draped nicely around my upper hip area. It does a great job of wicking away the moisture while exercising.  Normally, I wash and drip dry my athletic gear however my husband thought he was doing me a favor by washing and then drying ALL of the laundry, to my pleasant surprise the top held its color and shape.  One can't go wrong with making this purchase.
B00A3UEX96 great deal great deal on base layer for running, fits too tight and too thin to wear as anything but base layer ( unless you are ripped)...does a good job for between 30F-60F to keep moisture away from body and provde some warmth (with a cotton outter layer)
B00A3UEX96 great shirt This shirt is very comfortable, the only reason it didnt get 5 stars is because the v neck is really big. Other than that I absolutely love it and have it in 3 colors.
B00A3UEX96 Fits Like A Glove!! Fits just right. I'm glad I didn't get the large. The size chart was a great help in making the call.
B00A45TRVY Perfect Fit. I was worried that I would pick the wrong size, but I followed the charts and they were accurate&#8230; So totally satisfied.
B00A53Z5XE Not happy with the purchase Not suitable for legs with wide foot. Doesn't absorb shocks while running. Suitable for batting, but not for bowling. Wouldn't recommend this shoes for bowling.
B00A6XPHEK The color is completely off There are white plastic on back.THIS SHIRT IS PURPLE
B00A7G0ZSO &#1605;&#1606; &#1575;&#1585;&#1608;&#1593; &#1575;&#1604;&#1587;&#1575;&#1593;&#1575;&#1578; Beautiful color and especially Golden Redeemed with White and emanate sound like the rest of the hours and size appropriate
B00A7G2HSK Great service, yellow buttons spoil fun colors. The seller provided excellent service, including return option. Unfortunately, the yellow buttons do not fit with the color of the rest of the watch -- but this is just a matter of personal taste.
B00A7H90D4 Excellent Nice,excellent ,high quality lather and design is great.Puma and Ferrari logo are on perfect.  Beg have a plenty space for tablet , phone, wallet and five item for every day usage and travel. I have a lot of different bag, some of them cost more than 200 ,but this one have batter design and I can say quality to even most of them are made in China under original.
B00A7H90D4 The Best! It's what I expected! for me one of the best purchases I've made&#8203;&#8203;! adjustable very comfortable, a little pricey but very pleased with the final product!
B00A7H92SW Puma Ferraris LS Wallet I bought it because I'm a huge Ferrari fan plus I have the purse to match it which I love the purse. There is no pictures to see what in inside looks like so I was very disappointed when I have received the wallet with the inside of the wallet. there is tons on space for credit cards but really no space for the bills and no pictures what so ever. I will use it for special occasional but not as a everyday use like I have planned on too.
B00AAIN6FI Great running shorts My 9 year old daughter wore these for cross country season and they fit her very well, no chaffing. Sz Med
B00AAIOYDG very bright!! My daughter like the jacket but it did run a little small. She could wear it but it was a little snug when she wore a heavy shirt with it.
B00AAIQAZG Great lightweight jacket My granddaughter loved this jacket.  The sleeves were just a little long but that is good for her as she grows like a weed.  I got it just in time for her California vacation.
B00AAJDOIG Puma Puma is the choice of my kids.  Excellent purchase for my granddaughter's birthday.  My granddaughter does not like dresses.  Excellent purchase.
B00AAKK88O okey short for the price they are great, however my girl prefer more one with softer fabric. but again she is only 5.
B00AAKKBOK Nice but TINY I got these for my daughter for PE - a size 14/16. The inseam only comes down about 3 inches - the pictures and description in no way prepared us for how small these are. I'm trying to think of a 'girl' who could wear them - my kid weighs 69 pounds and couldn't pull it off - so the description is simply not accurate. Small kid for sure - maybe 2nd or 3rd grader I'm guessing. Shame because they are beautiful and soft. We have to return - PE coaches just laughed at us - no way Jose.
B00AAKNJXU athletic shorts inseam is a little shorter than expected & fit is slim.  Daughter wears 12-14 & the size 14 was too tight for us to keep.
B00AALBGDY AWESOME OUTFIT!!!! The colors are vibrant, the low price could not be better, & the outfit is very light, flexible & comfortable!
B00AALE9G0 Smallest Its smallest that i expect but it ok the bike short is cute. The material is  like for the bike i have some  for bike and it the same material. I like it
B00AALIX4Y superb Great price & quality! It had been washed many times and still fits as well as the 1st day / try.
B00AAME4UK PUMA - Kids Baby-Boys Infant Superstar Short Set, White, 18 Fit nicely for my 12month old boy. I ordered the above puma superstar short set white but i received a green/white puma short set. Quite disappointed as i never receive what i ordered.
B00AAMENCY This product meets all my expectations in terms of color and quality and status that came the clothes, I feel very satisfied This product meets all my expectations in terms of color and quality and status that came the clothes, I feel very satisfied
B00AAMERWA a great find this  shirt  was  a match up  with  pants  I bought earlier .. they match up great.  Nice to know the  shade  of shirt and pants  stay  the same . My son is  proud of  his  Puma's
B00AAMES2O Very cheap fabric! Stiching came off just after single use! Very cheap fabric! Stiching came off just after single use! Will never buy this fabric again.Go for the cotton!
B00AAMF6Z2 Half-priced compared to trackside I was down at the US Grand Prix in Austin. A Ferrari t-shirt was $50...this shirt off Amazon was much better quality, and cheaper.
B00AAZOX0I Poor choice After 2 washes, it is totally stretched out. The quality is awful. The size was good but he can't wear it anymore. Poor choice on my part. I am sorry I ordered it.
B00AAZPNYS just fit great I've wanted more shorts, these fit well with room to grow. All the shorts I bought  Id defiantly recommend to everyone, especially ParentsKeep them in stock.
B00AB2N07M like I like the price is very reasonable and my husband loves, is identical to the photograph and said to be high qualiity
B00AB2N07M Great quality product Look, this is PUMA. These sunglasses are top quality, but a little bit on the weighty side. 69mm appears to be a little bit big for my face, but I really love the look.
B00AB2N07M Puma sunglasses they arrived on time. I like the glasses. but they have a deffect. In the upper left hand corner of the left lens there isa blemish. The only reason I didn't return them was it doesn't interfere with my vision. I was disappointed, I think the sales price redflects second hand merchandise, factory seconds.
B00AB2N07M Puma Sunglasses 15151 Aviator Sunglasses, Gold,69mm. Last week I went to a high end eyeglass boutique to look at sunglasses.  I now have monovision so I don't need prescription glasses any longer.  I perused the counters and looked at RayBan, Michael Koors, and even Serengeti, glasses.  Then I spied the Puma glasses.  I tried on the 15151 model and was impressed with the fit and the fact that they wrap around the side of your eyes.  This gives you added protection from sunlight coming through the side window of your car while you are driving.  The price, much to my dismay, was $195 + tax!  I left the store dejected.  When I got home, I went to Amazon and found the exact same model # glasses for less than a third the cost at the boutique!  I am thoroughly pleased with these well constructed glasses.  They have great lenses and come with a really functional carry case.  Another great deal from Amazon!
B00AETY45E very satisfied very satisfied with the product meets all my expectations, size, color, and especially the quality, CONTINUE shopping at this store, I feel confident the product arrived in perfect condition
B00AEYRXUM Perfect fit I bought this for my son.  It fit as sized.  He loved the colours. It was just as seen on the photo and mathched his shirt very well.
B00AFPN4NA Bright colors, light, soft fabric, but pants and sleeves are short Bright colors, light, soft, suitable for a skinny kid. Torque on the fabric appear even when you wear this set. But my daughter loves it - comfortable cut. It is a pity that he is her only for one summer. Pants and sleeves are short. Will soon have to buy a bigger size.
B00AFPN4NA too awesome It was big on purpose, I wanted room for growth. Thank you for offering so many sizes so parents like me can prepare better for our children.
B00AFPN4NA too tight for a 12 m baby mydaughter is 7 months and she uses 12 m., but i think that i should bought the 18 m. because the 12 m. is getting tight
B00AFPN4NA Poor quality You get what you pay for. The sizes run small. So we had to return and get 18mo for my 8 mo old baby. After couple uses the fabric by the zipper got damaged. My baby barely crawls.Not recommended.
B00AFPN4NA Classic tracksuit The tracksuit was good quality and delivered fast. I was looking for an adidas original firebird tracksuit for a baby girl in purple and I stumbled across this one. Very similar to adidas, and comparable fabric/ quality.  This one was the cutest girly one around!
B00AI1V2B2 Very comfortable I forget these are golf shoes. The back of the heel is a little high, but after a couple of rounds, they no longer bothered me.
B00AI1Z2G8 Lightweight, comfortable and all around good shoe. I recently received this shoe as a Christmas gift and I had the good fortune to try them out on a warmer day immediately afterwards. I walked nine holes and hear is my initial takeaway.Shoe was extremely light and comfortable as soon as I put it on, No breaking in required. It did make a squeak as one person has already commented, but its not annoying to me. Just a sound that type of material makes. The zero drop was good for ground feel, and it provided grip where I needed it. The treads are pretty deep, but you are not going to get the same grip as brand new soft spikes but I wasn't expecting them to. The best thing I can say is that I didn't notice them. That's a good thing. My feet didn't hurt, the  grip wasn't an issue and I was able to focus on the game.Pros:lightweightcomfortablewaterproofgood gripfelt like a tennis shoeCons:squeaks a littlenot the maximum amount of gripif you're not used to zero drop, you might get a little sore on the balls of your feet. This happened to me at the very end of 9 ( walking up 9 fairway) but lasted only a short time. Did not happen to my brother who has the same shoes and is a barefoot runner.My brother liked his so much he actually wore them out to the bars after our game. No one even noticed they were golf shoes!
B00AI1Z2G8 To big Im 9.5 and this is 10 n size, is .5 more big....... I dont like, is to big for me
B00AI1Z2G8 Light and comfortable - but noisy Good looking shoe and received some nice compliments about the color combination, light weight and a great fit.  These do make some noise and hopefully the noise will fade away when they are broken it or soften a bit.
B00AI1Z2G8 Puma does it again Christmas present for my son and I got the desired grin from ear to ear.  He is on summer vacation and plays everyday with no complaints about his feet.  Great product from puma and sorry I did not buy a second pair at the time for my son.
B00AI1Z2G8 Light as Air These came with both orange and white laces- since the trim is orange, I'm wearing the orange laces of course. Super light, fit perfectly (I'm a size 12), these shoes are great to walk (or ride) your favorite course. Highly recommended.
B00AI222Y2 Like Wearing Pillows Played my first round with these yesterday. These are the most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn. Usually after nine holes I can't wait to take my golf shoes off. Not the case with these, even wore them to the post round drink. Not for wet weather but you guys knew that right?
B00AI222Y2 Two Stars Stuff like a rag and very thin.
B00AI222Y2 Perfect for hot Texas summer! Wow, theses fit great, are very comfortable, and are light as a feather.  The mesh material also helps keep my feet cooler in the hot Texas sun.  I experienced no problems with traction on swings.  So far (after only one round)  I believe I have found the perfect summer golf shoe!
B00AJK3X00 Cute but short bright color. nice cut - though runs a size small.  Also, this style appears to be somewhat cropped - not a full crop, but  not a full length tee-shirt either - hits between the belly button and the hip.
B00AKDLEKC Puma Woman Tee Color look a lot different on the web site. Not the color I wasI expecting. somewhat disappointed. Price was not reasonable. Sizes run small.
B00AKDLEKC A little disappointing This shirt runs a little small especially if your lager in the chest. Also you can see the liner for the print through the shirt. This has become an at home only shirt for me.
B00AKDLL14 very comfortable it fits perfectly and is very comfortable to wear around the house and outside. The cut is perfect and I like it.
B00AKDMKIC Snug I like the material and it fits nicely. Can't wait to go for a run in it. I like that it is a long tank too.
B00AKDNZVS Good Fit I purchased 4 pairs of casual sweat pants/ track pants and I have been pleased with all including these.  I really like the look and feel of the material.  They are already part of my grab and go wardrobe
B00AKDNZVS Fit for workout! It's light and dry quickly! It's transfer heat when I work out hard so well and never make me feel uncomfortable!
B00AKDOX8C My review The size ran a little large.  They are comfortable work-out shorts, but the fabric around the draw-string holes rips easily.
B00AKDOYYK comfy workout shorts Shorts are very comfortable. Also are very shear/thin. They are not as long and I would like, but overall good shorts! quick shipping!
B00AKDOYYK White fabric is fairly see-thru I got these in white.  Aside from being way too tight (Pumas run small compared to my normal Adidas purchases), the fabric was pretty thin.  Prefer not to run in sheer underwear, so these were returned.
B00AKQH8CC Not 100% Cotton. I was looking for more 100% cotton Puma V-neck T-shirts and couldn't find any more at my local stores.  I felt lucky that I found this in my size on Amazon.  As of the date of this review the description says 100% cotton.  It is not.  The tag on the shirt says Shell - 75% cotton, 25% viscose; Rib - 70% cotton, 25% viscose, 5% Elastane.  This is not a deal breaker but it is not what I wanted and not what was advertised.I just received the shirt and the size (medium) fits well pre 1st wash.  Unlike my other 100% cotton Puma V-necks, this has some elasticity to it.Overall I am not unhappy with the shirt, although I wish  it were 100% cotton.  I am giving it 4 of 5 stars due to inaccurate description of the product.  Otherwise, it shipped right away, I received it in 2 days, and it was packed by itself in a cardboard box which was more protection than I thought necessary. But, that's better than less protection.
B00AKQH8CC okay It fits a little tighter than I thought it would around the neck that is why I bought a bigger size.  It is a little big but I can live with it.
B00AKQHCHI A hair snug Looks good,feels good,,but I would say the XXL just Barley fits.I would have liked a bit more room in the shoulder,chest area,but as long as it doesn't shrink,I should be fine....I'm 235 lbs,34 waist, so I'm not a guy with a lot of fat on me. I always wear XXL shirts. So if your a guy with a bigger belly than me,I wouldn't order this shirt.
B00AKQHCHI I love it I am very impressed with this vest. Fit as expected and exceed all of my expectations. A recommended buy anytime.
B00AKQHIFE Fantastic shorts. The texture is very good. It fitted right how i expected, the small is a tiny bit shorter than the medium size.
B00AKQHIFE Nice Shorts I would have given a 5 however I order two pairs,  One Black with White and One Black with Blue..The Black with Blue ones have somewhat of a very light fleece on the inside which is actually quite nice...The Black with White do not and is actually more of what I expected but since they are not like the comfier blue ones,  they wont get 5 stars.
B00AKQHMVO Great Looking Polo I chose four stars because the material is pretty thin and the logo in the middle could come off if not washed right
B00AKQHMVO Fantastic!! A great value this shirts are way more expensive than what i got it for, I am really happy with it!
B00AKQHMVO Easy on Duties Polo is nice as expected but these polos should be made with some polyester if not all of it. Polyester must be used to increase life of the polo itself.Only downside to order from Amazon is that these guys charge tax like air to breathe. Other sellers are better in this case. I would say way better.
B00AKQHMVO Perfect gift! it was the perfect gift for my husband. Although it fits him a little just. I think i'll have to wash it by hand because the seals are possible that they break the fabric when using the washing machine. But my husband loved his anniversary present!
B00AKQHNT0 IT IS A NICE JACKET ,BUT IT IOS VERY SMALL  AT SIZE IT SHOWS RESPECT OTHER PUMA JACKETS IT IS A NICE JACKET, IT LOOKS VERY FASHION, I LIKE PUMA JACKETS, AND PUMA BRAND, I PURCHASED 3 PUMA JACKETS, 2 -&#62;PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Black, Medium  AND 1-&#62;PUMA Men's Color Block Mesh Jacket, Black/White, Medium, AND THIS  PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Black, Medium IS VERY MORE SMALL RESPECT PUMA Men's Color Block Mesh Jacket, Black/White, Medium,THIS JACKET DONT MATCH IN MY BODY, YOU MUST BUY ONE SIZE MORETHAN YOU USE USUALLY.I LOSE MY MONEY PUSRCHASING 2 PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Black, MediumTHANKS,
B00AKQHPGG Ferrari This feels good,, Im now a member of the pit crew of Scuderia Ferrari, im wearing their official shirt... Ferrari never go out of style.
B00AKQHPGG perfect tee I bought this tee because I dont find it in any puma store so I decided to buy it in Amazon, the quality is good and the t shirt is the same like Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa  wear
B00AKQHSWM I am 6'6", 235lbs and this is tight snug, but GREAT fit and looks awesome. This is a great cut and fit.  at my height, often shirts are too short, and I expose my tummy during stretches, etc. This fits snug and is an awesome cut... short sleeves that show the upper arms, gives free range of motion. My wife thinks it's hot, so there's that. =)
B00AKQHWQ4 junk plyester not a cotton. Be careful if you are allergic to plastic of any kind. They advertise it as 100% cotton. It is lie. It is 100% polyester.
B00AKSPA0M longer than expected didn't realize that Puma now does basketball shorts. although, these were long even for basketball shorts in my opinon. good quality though
B00AKSPA0M Puma`s Shorts - Adidas Snickers!!!!!! hahahahahaha!!!!!! excellent picture! what a way to sell: Puma`s SHorts with a ADIDAS SPORTS SHOESC`MON C`MON C`MON! GIVE ME SOMTHING FOR THE PAIN! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
B00AKSPA0M Too big This is not a medium in the typical sense, I would say it's more like a large - would return it if it was not so much bother
B00AKSPA0M Quality These shorts appear to be high quality.  The only quibble I have is that the size medium is just a little too large in the waist in my estimation, or at least compared with other shorts I have bought.  It's not so serious that I will send them back.  They are still very fine shorts.
B00AKSPJVM I love cat shirts. I wear a large size fit. Cotton shirts are extremely comfortable to wear. I would recommend this shirt to my friends.
B00AKSPJVM Our Cat Loved it As did my friends.A 17 pound cat can sit comfortably on it!Tell Mr Bezos I proposed to my wife in his Seattle office 50 Years ago!
B00AKSY3RS My son loved these. He was trying to replace an old pair of beloved Champions that were so comfortable and fit just right. These came pretty close. He is happy with them.
B00AKSY3RS i guess its for taller people its a little larger than i expecter, i guess its meant for lager people (I'm 5'11&#34;) but thats not that bad
B00AKSY3RS Largest large size ever Pants are of good enough quality but cut very large in every way. Did not  wear them after initial try on. I am not going to return them , it's more trouble than its worth. I will donate them to a charity. I bought the same type of pants in Adidas and Nike and they fit great. I would not buy this brand again.
B00AKSY3RS Easy Care Bought this for a physically challenged individual to help them dress themselves.  They look nice, good for self esteem and wash up well.
B00AKUCU7G Great buy for the price if you are too cheap to get the Adidas like me, this is good, for under $20 you can't beat it, I am 5'8 190lbs muscular build the large fits me just right, hope this helps
B00AKUCU7G Price was right. I like this jacket, it looked sharp.I felt that ultimately it was too nice to actually work out in, and tbh it is in my closet waiting for a worthy use.It makes you feel like a character from a movie.
B00AKUCU7G Perfect weight for a California Winter Fits well and looks good. I have already gotten compliments from random people around town. I managed to buy it at around $15 so it was well worth it!
B00AKUCU7G Great jacket Love this jacket. Only had it for a week, and have no complaints. Ordered an XL and it fits true to size with other Puma products I have purchased. I tend to wear lighter jackets into the colder weather and this jacket is perfect for me in temps 50 to 20. Definitely recommend buying this jacket.
B00AKUCU7G tall man's delight Awesome jacket I want to buy more, perfect for a tall guy like myself with long arms, finally a jacket that fits
B00ALS5DUI Awesome Shirt for Fans of the Mercedes-AMG Formula One Team Before heading to the Brazil Formula One GP, I wanted a shirt that would help express my support for both the Mercedes AMG F1 team, and for Lewis Hamilton.The shirt fits well (not too snug, not too loose; L size on a 170 lbs, 5' 11'' body), the material is durable and comfortable, and the text did not fade after 5 washes.A great buy for all F1/Mercedes/Lewis Hamilton fans!
B00ALS5FCY Pretty cool shirt... I feel like I'm part of the race team with this shirt on.  Not!It's just a shirt.  But I like it.  Could have been a little softer fabric.  Happy Wearing.
B00ALS5IM6 This is a great shirt! The shirt is really cool.  The material and the way the Puma is placed on the shirt is totally awesome!
B00ANIZMR0 GOOD ,BUT AGAIN WHERE IS THE POCKETS not sure why puma have lots of shorts and pants without pocket. if kids wear it to play sport like tennis or golf they need pockts to keep ball. i have to spend hours trying to figure it out from on-line picture if it will have pocket or not.,.PLZ MENTION IN DESCRIPTION TO SAVE CUSTOMERS TIME IF THERE ARE POCKETS OR NOT.
B00ANIZRBG as advertised Original product had grease stain from shipping snafu. Returned and received new product in three days. Short is made of nice materials, seams are tight and flawless. Colored underwear will be noticeable through a white short but this is common across other soccer short manufacturers.
B00ANJ25BK perfect pants! i love puma/Ferrari! fits my boy excellent! and he absolutely comfortable in it! they are so stylish:) my son has t-shirt Ferrari as well, and pants make perfect match!
B00ANJ2B1Y Great Lightweight Jacket This jacket is super-cool! It has a subtle black on black Ferrari logo, is fitted throughout for a sleek appearance,  and is soft and lightweight. This jacket will be perfect for my son to wear to school in the fall.
B00ANJ5MCO Cute I really like the looks of this shirt. Overall it looks as in the picture and well done. Took one star down because some of the bright green stitches at the collar overlap from the green trim to the gray and it shows through a little at the sides at the back, looking a little off. My son loves it anyway!
B00ANJ5PLW Great Design With my active sons, these shirts are most appropriate as they are so comfortable.  The colour and designs make them so attractive.
B00ANJVU2A Fine hoodie I like the hoodie, it has nice colors and it has survived about 8 months of constantly wearing and washing quite well, but my main problem from the very beginning actually is that the sleeve endings are a bit tight. 20-30 month old kids can still have some 'babyfat' and i though my child is totally in average size, i find it hard to get her hands through and she is unhappy when clothing her. They are not tight to wear, just getting the hands initially through the sleeve is a problem.
B00ANR32PK Bavarian Motor Works swag!!!! I love this jacket...literally can't stop wearing it! People keep asking me where I got it from, it looks way more expensive then what it really was, almost like a real pit crew members jacket!
B00ANR3D6I Fits Well - Positive Reviews Good quality tank...the hems along the side help it stay close to you without constricting any movement.  Liked it so much I decided to purchase another one in a different color.  I'm 5'11 185 pounds and the Large was perfect for me (prefer workout gear slightly loose or more relaxed)
B00AO8DWC6 Best buy ever! I bought it on sale. I was lucky enough that for the best timing. Its kinda cheap but quality is far from beyond. I definitely love it.
B00AOAQAJG Item was not quite right I have never worn a Puma brand and was disapointed that the size I wear was were somewhat small. The narrow height toe section was very short and my large toe jammed the frront edge.  I could almost weat them but to walk in them all day would have not been good on my large toe for it pressed against the shoe.  The other disapointment is that they could not be exchanged.  I had to return them for a refund..
B00AOAQAJG Poor quality with this lemon pair There is a whole in seam at the top of the foot after two days wear. Very disappointed. When they finally got the order correct the quality of the shoe was weak. The seam is already split and open and unfortunately I have to move to another brand based on the quality alone. I've always LOVED Puma but this retailer had poor quality. I will no longer purchas Puma I am moving to Sketchers brand.
B00AOAQAJG in my opinion maybe  1/4 size smaller but pretty accurate The color is much more muted, not as pretty peachy nude as the photo.I can live with that, though.
B00AOAQAJG broken swade on gray puma, need to return. The gray pair is damaged. I wore it one time and the swade broke open on inner right foot. I need to have them replaced please help.
B00AOAQAJG I could only say I like them because there was a dark mark on the ... I could only say I like them because there was a dark mark on the back of the shoe and heel.  Since I didn't know what it was, I couldn't take a chance trying to remove it.  I might have made it worse.  So as much as I liked them, I had to return them.
B00AOATXAO Its a wedge and a sneakers..........Screams!!!!! I am not a sneakers person but when I saw this I just had to purchase it. I definately will be buying more wedge sneakers in the futureThe wedge is comfortable and you can stand, Dance and pretty much do anything in it for hours. I proved that. My girlfriends who saw it loved it and all want a pair each.
B00AOATXAO not very comfortable I was hoping this would be more comfortable.  Plus the heel is just high enough to make it uncomfortable to walk and look a little too strange.  I wore them once and they've just sat in the closet.
B00AOBA9Z6 Many compliments These shoes are awesome! I have received more compliments on them than any other shoe I have owned. Happy shopping!
B00AOBA9Z6 Cool shoe, but poor quality I've had a lot of positive comments on these shoes. My problem with them is that they are really fashion sneakers and nothing more.The material is lightweight, but somewhat flimsy.Besides this, the rim of the sole was loosening already after a week wear.Colours are very nice and I'll wear them until there's finished!But for daily wear...nah....
B00AOBAAQO Wickedly Fun and Green! I LOVE the color!  So fun and stylish!  They really dress up an outfit.  Fit nicely; a tad big, but nothing to be concerned about.  Having fun discovering clothes to wear with them!!!
B00AOBAAQO Love Puma flats If you don't want to wear sneaks, but still want your foot covered and concerned with looks, Puma flats are the way to go. Not made to wear with socks for appearance sake or fit so still a 3 season shoe. Great price if you can get for $38 or under
B00AOBC4JA Comfort and Stylish Just perfect and I will continue buying this design in other colors. Comfortable, trendy and lightweight. This is one of my 3 pairs.
B00AOBC4JA Such a great style but a bad fit unfortunatley the back of the shoe cuts into the back of the foot causing blister.  It would have been perfect if were cushioned or a bit higher.
B00AOBC4JA Some of my favorite shoes Puma's Zandy flats are some of my favorite slip ons - they don't rub against my heels or cause painful blisters, they break in nicely, and they're like slippers on your feet. The mesh is nice and breathable, so your feet stay cool even in warm weather.  They're not so cold that you can't wear them in winter, either.They have better than average traction for flats because of the textured rubber sole, which is more than you can say for most flats of similar styling.The only downside is that I usually have to get SuperFeet to put in these, because there's no arch support.  It's worth the little bit of extra for the number of compliments I get on these and how comfy they are, though.
B00AOBC4JA Comfortable?  VERY... These are sooo comfortable!  They run 0.5 smaller. I happen to come across a pair (different color, however) in a store.  My size which is 6.5 was too big so I ordered a size 6.  And  they fit perfectly. The bright pink trim just seem too bright for me compared to the picture online, thus the 4 stars.  I have a trip coming up that involves a lot of city walking.  And I am really hoping this will do the job. It's fall anyways, I will just have fun picking clothes around these colors.
B00AOBC4JA Snazzy Alternative to Traditional Sneakers The 9.5s I originally ordered were a bit large, but I exchanged them for 9s and they fit wonderfully. Can't wait to wear them a bunch this summer!
B00AOBELPU loved them The purple in them really stands out. They are comfy as hell and I don't regret getting them, I would reccomend
B00AOBEVTQ Sneaker This product is terrible! DO NOT BUY IT! The soles broke in a couple of days, the strings were fringed when I got them, and the back gives me blisters, even with thick socks! It has a SUPER UNREASONABLE price and the color is a lot duller than what I had expected. If you are considering buying this product, DO NOT! It is not worth your money!
B00AOBEVTQ puma sneaker I choose this review the product was what I expected, I loved it. If I were asked of course amazon would be the answer I'd be proud acknowledge. This should be the only review I need make on this item, I will be happy to shop again, sometimes you request to much regarding orders, if I'm not happy I would return item.  Thank you, Look forward shopping again.
B00AOBFEC4 ... was the product i was looking for and it liked to my it was the product i was looking for and it liked to my gf
B00AOBFEC4 I already have these-- they're just dirty so I bought new ones. Best sneaks ever. Timeless style and they fit very well. These go with all types of denim (the dark blue kind to the more yellow hued ones) and one can even pull it off with shorts or a skirt. They offer more support than vans and are less age specific in style. Plus I believe these last a little longer as well. They run true to size-- I am a size 7 in classic chuck taylor converse, and I am a size 7 with these as well.  As my title says, I already have these-- they're just dirty so I bought new ones.
B00AOCAP9A / not happy customer! run very thin!! had to return them and STILL waiting a refund!!:/ not happy customer!!
B00AOCAP9A Fantastic athletic shoes! Here's why I love these shoes:Very flattering shape, not bulky.Super cushiony & bouncy fit, a bit of a negative heel (which I like)Very stylish, could wear with crisp, dark denim as easily as workout gear.Roomy toe box. They don't rub on my toes or smoosh them.I use them mainly for boot camp, kickboxing, and trail running. I am a huge Asics Gel Trabuco fan and these are comparable in comfort, but with a lighter & more compact fit.
B00AOCAP9A Average Sneakers (but very light) Very very light sneakers. Not great support though if you have any sort of arch. Very flat. Color is exactly as shown
B00AOCAP9A Perfect workout shoe Very light weight. Perfect for even my most strenuous workouts. I like them very much and would order them again!
B00AOCAP9A Very light and fits as expected It's been worn to the gym a couple times and happy with it thus far.Very light and fits as expected.
B00AOCAP9A color and look is awesome i loved it but i always have arch issues and it was making me throb so i had to return. got lots of compliments though and very light weight.
B00AOCAP9A Not what I expected From the description of this shoe and some of the reviews I read, I was hoping they would be very comfortable.  I found them to be a little snug.  I'm hoping they will stretch a little with wear.
B00AOCAP9A Great shoe! Perfect fit, stylish, and feather-light.  I could wear these all day without discomfort.  Lots of comments from my friends, all favorable.
B00AOCAP9A Buyers beware.. Everything was as expected, except the color!! It looks totally pink to me in the picture, but it's actually got some tomato like color to it. It's kinda pink but tomato-pink.. I should've got other more pink ones..
B00AOCAP9A DONT LIKE THE SOLE FOR CORE WORK I FIND THE SOLES A DETRIMENT TO WORKING ON BALANCE. THE ODD CONFIGURATION AND SHAPE AND WEAK MESH  MAKE IT DIFFICULT FOR THE FOOT TO STABILIZE. FOR MY WORK OUT TYPES  THIS SHOE IS AWFUL
B00AOCAP9A LOVE the Feel* They are light & airy These are the best runners I have ever owned. & I am not someone whobuys new shoes often. I wear mine until there's no rubber left! I wouldbuy these again. (if Puma keeps this design!
B00AOCAP9A So Comfortable! Bought these as incentive to be more active, and it worked!  I only wear tennis shoes when I'm working out, but I could live in these!  They're super light (you can literally fold the in half), but they're still ultra supportive.  I love hiking and doing Zumba in these.
B00AOCAP9A PUMA Women's Formlite XT Ultra Cross-Training Shoe,Virtual Pink Was initially drawn to these because of the color combination. Was pleasantly surprised as to how very light weight and comfortable they are.
B00AOCAP9A Great Show I needed new shoes for working out, and these are great. They keep my feet from getting too sweaty and gross and look very stylish. I wouldn't wear them for a marathon or anything since they are a little thin and can get water in them easily. I wear them to classes sometimes and to workout indoors, and they are holding up awesome.
B00AOCCXJU comfortable The fit is fabulous ,so I give it 5 stars. The cushioned soling is a real plus and it holds my foot as if is was made just for me
B00AOCCXJU kickboxing i purchased these for kickboxing. pretty good quality sneakers. although i have noticed that they are starting to stretch out a bit.
B00AOCCXJU Should have listened to other reviews This sneakers look cute and there is definitely a spring in the front step, which is nice.  But they are very stiff and the back heel is way to high.  I could tell they would give me blisters.  Also the bottom heel has very little cushioning.  I'll just stick with my faas 500's, eventhough I don't love the styles.
B00AOCCXJU They work, toe box a tad wide, not for Bupees with orthodics :) Maybe I have weird feet. I'm on the search for the perfect cross training show for pivoting and burpees etc. This one is fine, good support (works with my orthodics) but as with many shoes, they are snug around the arch and then the toe box is loose. Result? If you wear orthodics, when you are doing burpees, the orthodics slip forward with every toe strike. This happens with most shoes so again, I'm on the search. These are cute and sturdy.
B00AOCCXJU Two Stars To small very uncomfortablethey hurt you everywhere and that's why I give you this review.
B00AOCDNJ4 Very colorful When I first tried to put the shoes on, I thought I would need to return them. After loosening the ties and getting them on, I decided I could wear them after all.  They are very snug and supportive for the walking I that I do every day on concrete floor.  I would recommend them with a note that they are very snug.
B00AOCDNJ4 These are so ugly. Thse are ugly, huge and uncomforatable. I wore these once on the treadmill and it took the skin off my ankle. I am in so much pain. I look like a clown with these huge neon biscuits. Regretful purchase.
B00AOCDNJ4 They're Great! The sneakers are great. They are lightweight and have enoigh cushion to do a vigerous step aerobics class! I have been recommending them to all the people in my classes
B00AOCDNJ4 Comfy and Good Looking I bought these for my daughter, 15, who does a lot of cross training as she pursues her dream of being an Olympic judoka.  She uses these for running, weightlifting, and doing various fitness classes.  They took a few weeks to break in, but she's very happy with them.
B00AOCDNJ4 Puma Bioweb shoe Love the fit and the feel of these shoes.  I am looking forward to wearing these while I work out.  I would also like to mention the packaging.  What a great idea and it saves a lot of paper.  Thanks
B00AOCDNJ4 run tight Puma shoes in general run tight on me. I tried these because my fianc&eacute; said they were great. I loosened the laces and widened them as much as I could, skipping the last eye hole at the top. At least I can wear them and the are pretty cushy to walk in. I usually wear a 7 but ordered a 7.5.
B00AOCDNJ4 Very nice sneaks I took a gamble that the PUMA last would fit me well. Happily it did. Love the eye catching hot pink and the soles glow in the dark. How cool is that?! I am using them for exercise classes. Run true to size.
B00AOCE7IA NOT LEATHER!! I like the shoe, but was VERY DISAPPOINTED when I received them and they were not leather as is listed!!I'm keeping them but not happy about false advertising.
B00AOCE7IA Crushes the top of your foot. The vamp which covers the top of the foot crushes your foot.  Perhaps that's what dancing shoes are like I don't know.  But know I can't wear these.
B00AOCE7IA Birthday gift for my mother and she loves them Several years ago I bought my mother a pair of PUMA shoes she saw while out shopping, and she has sworn by them since for their sleek yet subdued styling and all-day comfort. She asked for the Takala for her birthday and is overjoyed with them.
B00AOCE7IA NOT Leather! These shoes fit me as expected with a sleek look, BUT they are NOT leather as described! The label inside the shoe says:Upper: Other Materials/SyntheticLining: TextileSole: RubberDisappointing, but I already wore them and like the look enough to keep them. Just be forewarned!
B00AOCE7IA Not for dancing Unable to pivot, the bottom of the tennis is not flexible, so hard.Too large, it got loose out of my foot, in the less than a minute
B00AOCE7IA great for zumba the shoes are just what I needed to wear for zumba ( I had been wearing some old sneakers w/o the pivot)I like the looks too.  I anticipated wearing them for other occasions too
B00AOCE7IA looks sleak love them I love the look, very athletic, sleek, and slim. Only two things I would have changed, the shoestrings are very papery feel and thin don't like that, and there is a round ball on the sole where the toes are and I live on a second floor apt with hardwood floors and I find the loud tap as I walk annoying which Im sure my downstairs neighbor will think also, so all in all I really like them, BUT I WISH THE RIGHT SHOE FIT BETTER, IT KINDA HANGS OFF, IT'S A BIT IRRATING BUT NOT ENOUGH TO SEND BACK OR GIVE A LOWER RATING
B00AOCE7IA Comfortable Cushioning in a Low Profile These shoes are great, I was pleasantly surprise at how cushioned they are compared to the Soleil model and other Puma sneakers I have owned. I guess because they are designed for dancing?  Anyway, no orthotic insoles are needed with these and I wear them for 8+hours/day on my feet in a hospital lab Plenty of room in the toes, nothing on this shoe bothers my feet in any way and I can't say that about all of the Pumas I've owned. Despite the cushioning they are still low profile and go great with skinny jeans and skinny slacks. I also like that they have the puma cat logo on the instep side of the shoe for extra style. A great white summer sneaker, get them you won't be disappointed.  .
B00AOD2OQ6 Sweet Shoes!! I was feeling a little 80's the day I bought these.  They fit well and look sharp. The only thing is that I'm afraid of getting them dirty so I wear them accordingly.  They won't look good dirty.
B00AOD2OQ6 BANANAs over CABANAs I'm a US8 and the US9 fits me right, with a little space if i wanted insoles or thick socks. Really comfortable and sleek. Eye catching and classic.
B00AOD2OQ6 comfortable, as expected I'm a big fan of Pumas in general, but like many shoe makers they go overboard sometimes.  These are simple, clean, and comfortable, as expected.
B00AOD2OQ6 Perfect! This was a gift which was received with delight in every way! The color and the fit were totally sucessful. TheDelivery was  prompt and efficient. This was a good experience for everyone involved!
B00AOD2OQ6 Birthday Sucess! I bought these for my husband as a replacement for his favorite 15yr old Nikes (not joking). I'm surprising him this year for his 30th birthday with March Madness tix and decided he needed updated sneakers. Well... He loves them! They fit just perfectly.. Could have gone up a size to be safe, but they are pretty much just right! He likes the style and colors too. Sometimes he just needs a push for a new style, and this time it didn't take long for him to embrace the change.
B00AOD2OQ6 Lookin' sharp I love the retro look of these sneakers. It's the main reason why I purchased them. The price was very reasonable too. I got the blue ones with white motifs. Once they arrived and I pulled them out of the box, they appeared to be much more of a purple color than the bright blue pictured. I'll still wear them but just be warned.
B00AOD2OQ6 Shoddy! Puma shoes once had a reputation of being nearly indestructible. It's a shame that these began to fall apart after the very first month of purchase.
B00AOD2OQ6 Almost perfect Fits a bit small, but otherwise excellent, try to buy one size up...Good colours as well.... almost matches the Jamaican flag colours.
B00AOD2OQ6 This show is a good one I am using this shoe for 3 months, that is so comfortable and I like it bla bla bla bla
B00AOD2OQ6 too expensive for no original product if you re looking for quality not this one. low quality, too expensive, I found the same ones for $ 15  in a swap meet store. too late.
B00AOD3U8W Fresh... These are necessary if you know and collect kicks. Grab a pair or two before they stop making them...Yes Yes Yall!
B00AOD3U8W BRUH. Best shoe ive ever worn. Was iffy at first but they are great they are Beyond Comfortable.Sexy.And go with almost anything.Thank you Puma best shoes ever doee
B00AOD3U8W I like it. Originally, I love it because of the pictures of this item. Now, I become  like it because it's not as perfect as I hope.
B00AOD8YMO dont buy they are not comfortable or flexible and they creak while walking They squeak and are not comfortable!!!!!  Very disappointing shoes.  Do not recommend at all.  Poor support,  poor flexibility.  Best feature is color!
B00AOD8YMO These are GREEN!!! But that's fine, since I bought them for my evening walks. Highly visible. My 10th or 12th pair of PUMA shoes - been wearing 'em since I saw Smith and Carlos wear them in the '68 Summer Olympics....
B00AOD8YMO Great for a glow run! These are nice looking neon colored shoes. They looked great at a night glow run that I participated in. The orange color is very bright and there are small glow in the dark features as well.
B00AOD8YMO waiting HAVE ONLY WORN A TIME OR TWO.tIME WILL TELLCONtact me in the future and i will be better able to access quality
B00AOD8YMO Take out the insoles. You will have to break yourself into using them that way but trust me, they run much better that way! I tried them in for one run with the insoles and had no feeling of what was going on down there, impact going up into my knees and back. Once I removed they felt much better and I had no pain. So far they are holding up well, look pretty cool, and the glow-in-dark feature is kind of neat at night. They fit my 11.5 US just right on that size.
B00AOD8YMO Glow in the Dark Electric Color - could have been a little wider plus needs to breathe more  but the color is a real attention grabber, good price at Amazon
B00AOD8YMO Excellent Hands down the nicest shoes I've ever owned. I was a little concerned about their fit due to the previous reviews on here, but I went with my usual size and they ended up fitting me perfectly.Other than that, they look ridiculously cool. Even nicer out of the package than in the picture. Extremely comfortable as well.
B00AOD8YMO Really Cool I love how vibrant these shoes are. Also it feels like there is a cushion in the front. So when run it feels really tubular dude.  They also give me really good posture.
B00AOD8YMO very hot footwear after the Asics pinkI thought why notman the comments and compliments I get on theseand a comfortable shoe
B00AOD8YMO I love these! These shoes are very nice! They are much more vivid in person and the picture doesn't do them proper justice! I am going to probably order the Mint also simply because of how much I am pleased with the orange!
B00AOD8YMO very small sizing is misleading, needed a 12.5. My 11.5 is reaslly a 10/10.5. Good cushioning but just too close, the luminescence is great however. . this should really be for women
B00AOD8YMO cool&#65292;beautiful&#65281;&#65281;&#65281; nice look and good support of the bottom. soft and strong rebounding. Amazing glowing in dark, but u have to keep it in a bright place before.
B00AOD8YMO PRETTY COOL! I find that many women's wide shoes still don't fit me quite right. So... more often than not I buy mens sneakers.(i normally wear a women's 9) Not only do these fit very well, they are sporty and bright. I love the glow in the dark feature as I walk a lot and if I'ts near dusk between the glow in the dark section and the vibrant green shoe I am definitely visible!!!
B00AODTEZA Like the style & look Wish they fit! Going  have to return them. I need a wide width even went upa whole size.  Sort of disappointed.
B00AODTEZA So far so good.... Purchased these for runs on the treadmill. So far, no shin splits and they're comfy, plus stylish enough to run out of the house in.
B00AODTEZA DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. So my shoe ripped after the second use. The sole on the bottom of the shoe has detached itself. I cannot fix it. I am not so much mad that the product malfunctioned as I am mad that the sellers said &#34;the return/exchange policy has run out, no return/ exchanges.&#34; Well this seller only has the cheap shipping that takes forever to get to you. Well apparently, even though the product hadn't been delivered to me yet, the time ran out on returns/exchanges. This seller is BS! They also send you a little email asking you not to review their products. (I'm not even making that up, I really got an email asking that I not review the product.) That is probably because they pull this sham on other people and they have left reviews just as I have. DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER. RIP OFF. SCAM. GREEDY.
B00AODTEZA had to send them back because of the padding being thicker than the other Very nice looking, look better than the picture! I bought these for my fiance, had to send them back because one of the paddings were not had firm as the other. I still have it done stars because dealing with the people about sending them back for a new pair was a piece of cake, and honestly the show looks so much better in person. He loved them!
B00AODTEZA Awesome show designs helped relieve pain Excellent shoes, I've already worn these shoes during my early morning pt (army) runs and I don't feel my knees or my shins hurting anymore.
B00AODTEZA My opinion requested Feel the shoes tight. A larger number will not make it better It's a matter of width I do like the product though.
B00AODTEZA Attracted ALOT of attention at the gym!! I have been a mega fan of puma shoes since childhood, and I must say I am yet to be disappointed with their products. Be mindful that you really have to buy a 1/2 size up to fit perfect, which I did and went running immediately after receiving these. Very very comfortable around my feet, the sole is well padded and soft enough for jogging. Very fashionable so much that people at the gym were either looking/complimenting about the shoe.
B00AODTEZA Fits tight I don't remember having any shoes I've bought  fit tight, but these seem to.  The length is correct, but tight on the sides.  I'm hoping they will stretch after worn awhile.  They are not very comfortable.  If you have wide feet, don't get these.  You will wind up sending them back.  I'm not sure if I'll buy Puma again.
B00AODTEZA wow everyone asks me about these shoes.  I love the attention.  Quality build -- although I just wear them on Jean day -- casual Fridays.
B00AODVKJI Awesome product I like everytjing about this shoe!! Just what I was looking for my daylly exercise can wait another day to wear them
B00AODVKJI Haven't used much but just as pictured I haven't been able to use the shoe yet but it looks just like in the pictures.
B00AODVKJI GREAT BUY BEING THE FRUGAL PERSON THAT I AM. I FIND IT HARD TO SPEND OVER $50 FOR SNEAKERS. I CONTRIBUTE WISE SPENDING TO MY MOTHER AND THESE SNEAKERS WERE A GREAT BUY. PRICED JUST RIGHT AND I HAVE THEM ON RIGHT NOW AS I WRITE THIS REVIEW.
B00AODW9HA Great shoe....horrible delivery Great shoe but the delivery man just left it outside for anyone to steal. For the extra money that I paid for 2 day shipping they didn't even require anyone to sign for the package. Thank God someone in my building grabbed it before anyone stole it.
B00AODW9HA Puma "cats" are quiet I am very pleased with my Puma sneakers. They fit well and are comfortable to wear all day. git ja some
B00AODW9HA Love these shoes! I bought these as a Christmas present for my boyfriend, as his old Pumas were pitiful and needed to be replaced. He complained of them being a bit tight at first, but after a couple days of breaking them in he loved them. Shipping was fast and I had no issues with payment/product/etc.
B00AODW9HA Great shoes I am 6'4 300lbs and i run with no hard slamming on the ground with these. The cushioning and support where far more than i had experienced with asics.
B00AODW9HA These are a bit snug until you break them in a bit... Over-all these are fantastic shoes! I feel like I am walking on clouds! Makes you want to run the second you put them on. Awesome!
B00AODW9HA Like the Quality I also like how they look but they seem to run a little small... maybe after a while it will stretch more
B00AODW9HA Puma's They are cool like Puma's. They are a little tight at first but break in easy, which may lead to a more rapid degradation of the show (at least that has been my prior experience, but I'm hard on shoes). Great style, I even got a couple unsolicited compliments on the look. Regarding performance, so far so good my feet felt stable and did not shift.
B00AODWHCC More o less The y dont show all the shoe And i dont like the draw in the Other side. I dont like it
B00AODWHCC All stars They are 5's - they are so comfortable and lIghtweight.  Bought them because I am in the hospital for a transplant and need to do exercise to keep my body active - they ave been wonderful.
B00AODWHCC Cool cats on my feet Man for the price I couldn't pass these up. They look cool, and there nice and light weight. I am the only cat in town with these cats on my feet.
B00AOE059S Love it So comfortable especially for work. Perfect fit.I am a medical student and I used to wear this for my clinicals and this shoe was comfortable and never gave me a problem.Wont Disappoint you
B00AOE059S looked lil different not used to Puma nonlaced, so just figure that's why little tighter fit than expected. Definately a quick grab shoe.
B00AOE059S Junk Do not buy....cheap junk that's not only small but about two sizes small.  Most narrow shoes as well.  If you wear a 8 you might need an 18 if they made them.  No return box either.  Shame on amazon.
B00AOE059S They are awsome! They fit comfortly and the style ... They are awsome! They fit comfortly and the style draws alot of attention. I would definately purchase another pair and recomend them to my friends.
B00AOE059S Perfect with a slight adjustment. I bought these for my husband in Ft Lee for his physical training and running. I was concerned when reading further into the reviews about them feeling small, but when he got them, he absolutely loved them. He didn't mind the snug feel, said it was like walking on nothing. His only thing was that the insoles were stiff and gave him a blister. So I sent him some dr Scholls athletic series insoles and now they're his favorite shoes of all time.
B00AOE059S Like walking on foam bedding So comfortable and a daring style for me but everyone showed great interest in them when I wore them to work. No laces, no velcro strapping, slip on and they still snug your foot with absolutely no attempt to lift away from your heel. As light as air. Go no more than a half size larger and you will be happy.
B00AOE059S Light and comfortable They look fine and are light and comfortable - suitable for feet on the wide or deep side. I would prefer it if the sole edges were dark as white gets grubby.
B00AOE059S me likes Very comfy and breathes very well. Cool looking too. Glad I got them because they are so comfortable to walk or jog in
B00AOE059S Very comfy but.... Very comfy except towards the end of the day when my feet tend to swell in thie heat.So great shoe moat of the day.
B00AOE059S hoping that they live. Tight fit,  confortable and light. Hope they last bcuz they seem fragile but im gonna trust puma for now. Pliz dont dissapoint
B00AOE059S No problem :-) Everything OK, super fast, I can recommend.
B00AOE059S They are very comfortable and light weight I bought this because my brother buys them because of a foot injury.  They are very comfortable and light weight. I just hope Puma keeps making them.
B00AOE059S Great shoe a bit tight I have the origional osu so I figured these would be the same. They are quite comfortable but a bit tight even a size higher. It could be because there are no laces or straps. Im sure it will strech out. The arch support is great and its a nice feel just a bit tight on the top of the foot .,
B00AOE059S Osu3 PUMA Osu V3 is smallit is wide small... ok?next version...wide more size up please. thanks my writ read..
B00AOE059S Got my purchase quick. I appreciate that. Dont know yet they are a christmas gift . :) I'm sure they will fit just fine thanks . :)
B00AOE059S exercise shoe well supported fits like a glove. easy to go on. does not stretch easily holds the foot without suffocating it. made of a breathable material that makes it good to exercise in and does not make the sneaker have a smelly sweaty after scent. use for weight lifting mostly
B00AOE059S I like me this product I recommended this brand
B00AOE059S Puma osuv.3 Still comfortable even though I wasnt thinking when I picked the size. No complaints here!!Everything I expected and more!Cant miss
B00AOE059S Puma men's osu I already have the puma osu 1 so when i purchased the osu 3 i had an idea in my mind how it should fit. I must say it exceeded my expectations. I would recommend this shoe to anyone but it fits better on someone who wears medium width shoes.
B00AOE059S Not as good as the OSU 2 Ordered these as a replacement for the OSU 2 which were the perfect shoe. This version's lack of velcro makes them to fidgety to put on.
B00AOE059S Its a bit small and its too tight. I ... Its a bit small and its too tight. I am trying to manage with this. lets see what is going to happen
B00AOGL8E2 And they have very usable pockets! I look forward to using this item once it has been altered.  They are very attractive and sporty-looking.It is a boon to me that there are very large, usable pockets to hold items...e.g. tennis balls, kleenex, et cetera.
B00AOGL8E2 Shorts sizing is inconsistent with top. The fabric is a medium weight.  They're sewn well.  Very good quality.  However the large shorts are inconsistent with the large top.  Large fits like an extra large. I think perhaps these were sized for people who like to wear their pants hanging off the bottom of their rear. I should have read other people's comments first.
B00AOH0OXW Very good. I bought the pant performance for my boy 4.5 years old. I want he to dress it next year, so I bought the performance much larger.
B00AOH0UKO Does the job My son is 43&#34; tall and 42 pounds. He can get away with a size 5 or 6. This fits him perfectly with some room to grow, but not so bad that it looks too big. The elastic in the shorts are not too snug, the colors are very vibrant, and its a good material that will not contribute to overheating when my son is running around playing soccer
B00AOH0Z86 Just fine Comfortable outfit for my 2 year old. Shorts are a tad long, but they are true to being a basketball type short.
B00AOMUBGC didn't fit me i don't know why this time this puma shoes did not fit me if i always use them 8.5 they luck very fine.
B00AOMUBGC stay away bought for track day. worn them for 1 weekend, fri - sun. and both toes of shoes are fading to grey. very interesting, poor quality.again, bought for track day which means driving in car, slow walking around, not hiking or mountain climbing.update:try to contact puma customer service, open a claim as defective product, and they are saying this is normal wear. ok, it i used them 3-day only, color fading into grey is consider to normal, please don't even think about buying this. so disappointed.
B00AOMV7YW Sport and fashion collaboration. Awesome footwear.  A definite sport-like fashion statement.  Always a conversation peace.  I will purchase a pair for the gym and one for the streets.
B00AOMYC2Q too expensive!/looked like it was used i bought this pair of shoes cuz i saw them in the store and i liked them , i forgot the price and i bought them here cuz i thought i would them in a better price , and when i got them i was really disapointed the ferrari shield was missing some colors and it looked like they were used , the only reason why i bought them was cuz i remembered the ones in the store the ferrari shield  was made of metal and it was very shining and for ny surprise the ones in the store were like $30 below the amazon's price, anyways this is the last time i buy shoes on amazon...
B00AOMYC2Q My concern. The size is smaller than all the 9.5 D US i have been buying. I don't know how i am going to use it because its uncomfortable. Thanks for asking, but dont know if something can be done about it.Sincerely,Asuquo
B00AOMYC2Q My shoes is Too tight Hello, I chose this rating, because I follow the conversion table and was too tight - my number in Brazil is 42
B00AOMYC2Q Dont purchase these here!!! Buy from ferrari Doesnt look authentic! I buy all my other shoes from the ferrari site! These look totally different! The ferrari logo looked stamped on!!
B00AOMYC2Q Great shoe I bought these to replace my Drift Cat 4 Ferraris with the alternative closure.Those fit better than the 5, but they're still the most comfortableShoe I've ever bought.
B00AOMZH1Q good Excelente condici&oacute;n, it fits, i just though it would be a little bigger but beside that everything else is as expected.
B00AONUMYW good service It is a great design but b the color of the puma was not even. I saw little red dots instead of solid red color. It was exactly what ot shown on the picture. So the seller fault fot not liking it. So in returned and I got my refund back in couple days. I loved the service!
B00AONURJ2 Brilliant brilliantThe puma ferrari Novelinno are extremely comfortable I asked for a size 7 and I qudaron perfect shipment takes me a little but expected valuable worth I loved
B00AONURJ2 curious I am curious to know if shoes come in their original box?? Since they will be a gift for my husband for valentines :)
B00AONURJ2 Not fit Am really abseed since the size not like expected, also they kept this product in kid section which lead confusing.
B00AONV17Y there is something wrong with the sizing of these shoes. I HIGHLY recommend DO NOT BUY this product. The quality is so subpar I cannot even rate it. Shame on you PUMA:(
B00AONV78W beautiful! I really like fashion sneakers, and the reason I chose Puma was that in my experience, they last longer than other brands.I bought a pair or Lacoste sneakers 18 months ago, and eventhough I didn't use it too often it aged too fast ( I know that white gets dirty really easily). That is why I went back to Puma.I love the look of these sneakers.
B00AONVA52 tight fit Tight fit. A bit weird looking as well. Wanted to return it, but ran out of time. Now i'm stuck w/ them.I'm size 13. They fit rather tightI'm usually all about Puma, but they missed the mark a bit on these. Probably would get them in black instead of white
B00AONVA52 Not happy really I am not happy...I used to get 44cm/10.5.. from puma with write size..but this time from Amazon it's not.the shoe is tooooooo small...why I don't know??!!!maybe there is something wrong with production...bad metrial...anyway..I will through it away..Thanks Amazon.
B00AONVA52 White Kicks with perfect fit Come on, they are white Puma slip ons... Fit as expected, look as shown nothing to complain about at all.
B00AONVA52 Loving the lightness! I loved this shoe. Wish I had ordered one size extra though.Apart from that, love the lightness. I feel quicker too :)
B00AONVA52 Review Was difficult to slep my foot in shoe. May be that special design but it worked for my son. Thanks
B00AONVA52 I have never received so many compliments about my shoes before! They tend to get dirty easily but are easy to wash. The sole is more comfortable than I expected, and the leather creases heavily as expected in most leather products. I was very pleased that the bottom of the shoe does not squeak on linoleum surfaces at work. Very stylish and comfortable!
B00AONVA52 Tight instep, otherwise perfect. These look great and fit well with one exception.  As expected, due to the lack of laces the instep is too tight and causes some discomfort.  I have an average instep height so I did not expect to have this issue.  I've stretched out the shoes using various methods but the best solution will have to be to wearing them in until they have molded to the foot.  This is unfortunate but once they are broken in they'll be perfect!
B00AONVA52 Comfortable Shoe I ordered these for my husband.  He is a size 14 to 15 and I could only find these in a 14.  They worked for him, are easy to slip on and very comfortable.
B00AONVA52 Expecting something similar to the Mostro model I bought this model since I couldn't find the Mostro model anywhere anymore. These shoes are a little narrower than Mostro and a little harder to put on. My review is based on comparison with another Puma model.
B00AONVA52 I like it but I hate it Awesome shoe overall, slick look and easy to put on.  But its pinchy near the toes even though its my size and everywhere else fits fine.  I can't see too much activity in these shoes.
B00AONVA52 Cool but.... most sizes are not included.The closest I chose is a bit small. I don't want to go through the return hassle.
B00AONVA52 Sizing is wrong Way, way to small
B00AONVA52 Thought it was leather I must not have read the description carefully enough.  These are completely plastic or pleather or whatever it's called.  On the screen they look nice, but in person they look like a recycled hefty sack.  Comfort-wise, they feel like you would expect a pair of plastic shoes to feel.  They went back within 15 minutes of opening the box.
B00AONVA52 Not very good quality! The edging on the sole started to peel away. It is white like the shoe. Where it is peeling, the color is an off white.
B00AONVB5G sick! 6 stars I thought these were the coolest shoes I've very bought! If you got a bmw it will take you to a new level! I highly recommend this shoe!
B00AONVB5G Is great I really like the design, it is comfortable and seems sturdy. is the best I've bought. I recommend it to everyone
B00AONVQCY awesome amazon!!!!! This is a awesome pair of shoes tell people to order up I take asize 10 in other shoes but this one is just right thanks again super Quick service you gus are the bomb!!! Keep up the good work lion.ps. you guys have never let me down with everything you also have the best communication skills and on time commitment thanks Again lion.
B00AONVVMO Be careful I think these shoes may be fakes. The leather does not feel like pumas I have had in the past and they started to fall apart after only two months. I will take them to a shoe maker and try to get them repaired.
B00AONVVMO Excellent buy! I love the product. Reached in time. Fits perfectly. Smooth and light, as expected. Design is also very attractive. Go for it.
B00AONW5CO a little exact, but feel like gloves on my feet These are beautiful shoes! The deep cocoa hue is rich, and they've already drawn some looks down! They fit a bit on the exact side, but I think it might be that I'm not so used to my shoes fitting like gloves on my feet! They are sleek, and have loads of style! Now I'll be on the hunt for more like this!!
B00AONW5CO Pumas Future Cats are excellent Durable, beautiful, makes my 13 feet look smaller, what else to expect ? With an insole to improve cushioning it is perfect.
B00AONW9JS 5 much better just  2 small so i order 9.5 much better
B00AONW9JS get one size larger Its a good fit, but tighter at the end. Very smooth, and beautiful. Slips on ice easily. elegant. .. .
B00AONW9JS comfortable driving shoes The sneakers fit perfectly and are very comfortable, giving a close to bare foot level of control, whilst driving. Thinner sole than the earlier model, so far more responsive. They allow for perfect road feel.
B00AONW9JS Great looking could you please send me info on this style of shoes in 12 Med. .I will pay you...Where should I look...
B00AONW9JS Buyer Beware I got the shoes said to be new but the left school had black spots (missing the white part) from what looked to be like someone had put them on and used them!
B00AONW9JS needs to be returned Because i cant fit the shoes i thought it would be the right size but its not so it needs to be returned
B00AONW9JS no good i order 10.5 , came 10.5 but doesn t fit.. is like a 9, but is writen 10.5, i had to give them away to a friend just because of that...
B00AONW9JS I was wrong I though 43 is 9.5 and I was small I should chosen the 10 .. but the shoes I love but im gonna sell it :(
B00AONW9JS Perfect for indoor soccer It's only Pumas for me! They fit like a glove which is perfect for indoor soccer. I have to order 1/2 size larger than my usual. My feet are wide, so the laces are maxed out, but they're the best.
B00AONW9JS 12 is not 12 There are several posts on this item saying that its numbers doesn't correspond to reality, it is always smaller. Why dont you suggest to buy a bigger number?
B00AONW9JS I like it i like it
B00AONW9JS Great! My favorite Pumas yet.I always buy white pumas with a black stripe.  These particular Pumas have a very sleek and fashionable look.  The synthetic leather is easy to clean and stays crisp pearly white.  Comfort is average but I don't buy them for superior comfort, I buy them for the versatility.  You can wear these anywhere because while they may be technically athletic they are very fashionable and look sharp when they're clean.  If you are an adult that cares about how they look then you probably wear pants that fit you right.  These shoes will look great with pants that fit well.  Baggy pants will not work for this product and they actually probably won't work for your lifestyle either.  This isn't 1995. :)My only knock is the fact that there is no extra 'rubber' on the underneath/front of the toe and that part gets a little best up.  But I definitely recommend this product.Sign up for Amazon Shoes, Clothes and Watches e-mail notifications and you will get a coupon for 20% off.You're welcome!
B00AONW9JS unhappy with sizing That is not a 9.5 shoe. I wear a 9 and this is not a 9.5. I'm not HS happy
B00AONW9JS not an everyday wearer because they are lightweight unpadded and narrow there not an everyday shoe. but I do like them, I will keep them in my collection to wear out on occasion....they have a classy, yet sporty look to them. in a way that you could pimp them with the right attire on a date and then go for a run!
B00AONW9JS Look great, feel great. I ordered half size up based on a previous review, and that is what I would also recommend.  Snug around the ball of your food (width wise), but I imagine they will break in very nicely.  The puma stripe has a very slightly raised checker pattern which I'm sure will be a pain to clean, but I love everything else about these shoes.  Very lightweight and flexible.  I'm very happy with the purchase.
B00AONW9JS not that bad It's a bit smaller than expected, hurts your feet, but not that bad for the price. REcommend +1 for size.
B00AONW9JS Wider is better I wear a 10.5. Ordered an 11 as suggested. Fits ok length wise but they need wides. 11 wide would fit perfect. I work in an OR. Not the most comfortable shoes to stand around in. But they'll work
B00AONW9JS yeahhhhhhhh a litle small I asked it 8.5 it arrived 7.5 but it s excellent quality I,m enjoying it but that no problem
B00AONW9JS My favorite pumas I get compliments on these all the time.  They are sleek and well fitting and best of all, easy to clean.  I wear these to my weekend bar job and they are perfect.
B00AONW9JS Super cool! I love them!  For one, they look super cool.  They arrived pretty fast as well.  I am very saticfied with the fit.  Thank you.
B00AONW9JS Not the Puma that I know Imitation, made in China or Vietnam! Buy at least one size bigger! Don't aspect 'Puma' quality! I'ved returned mine!Thank you!
B00AONW9JS Puma Drift Cat Excellent product, probably my fifth or sixth pair, consistent fit, light weight, slim and not bulky like other athletic shoes
B00AONW9JS Break in period but perfect after! They are a good solid shoe however they will need to be worn for a couple weeks to break them in if you have wider feet. Just get your normal size and they'll loosen up :)
B00AONW9JS Too small This item is not true to its US men sizing.  This is an issue that is a problem when ordering online.....
B00AONW9JS Not as good as the Ferrari variant. These are cool shoes, but my drift cat 5 Ferraris fit and feel betterThan these; they cost twice as much but it's worth it. Sizing seemsTo be a problem for a lot of people, but if you have thin feet, you'llBe fine. If not, buy a different brand.
B00AONWIC6 excellent sneakers+++ Very very well done thing! to all I recommend! got in the size of 100%, beautifully and conveniently. Puma is my choice now.
B00AONWIC6 snug and tight like a driver shoe SHOULD be! I have a Factory Five Cobra replica and pedals are very close in that I actually had been driving with one shoe OFF for fear of hitting the gas while braking (NOT a good idea with 450 HP in a VERY light street rod)....but these solved the problem perfectly. I wear a 9.5 in everything except sandals which I prefer a 10, and so thought I was taking a small risk of having to return them but the 9.5 is absolutely right on. Been wearing them around the house to break in a bit, and will be taking a cruise later today but already know that the choice was a good one.
B00AONWIC6 fits small and not comfy I haven't broken them in because I plan on returning them, but they are not nearly as comfortable as my last pumas. They do look cool though.
B00AONWP6U selecter's choice I collect footwear and i have bought so many of them i do not have a problem choosing which one will be good.This footwear is super light, airy because the material used is breathable. I got it because i had a full grain leather footwear from Puma that lasted for 4 years. Now i wanna get a different colour. Great footwear, i recommend you buy at least two. you might not have the chance again. And the price is just right.
B00AONWP6U Buying More Lighter than butterfly wings.  Cling to my skin like a desperate lover.  If you like Pumas, you won't do much better than these, especially not at these prices.  I build my outfits from the shoes up, and these are gonna have me looking for greys and oranges for some time to come.
B00AONWP6U Pumas rock Beautiful color and so lightweight, always appreciate buying and purchasing pumas, they are always stylish and easy on the pockets.
B00AONWP6U Cool cats on my feet For the price I can't pass these up. I'm no runner but that's what these babies are for. I like them because they look cool. And there cheaper than dirt.
B00AOOH730 Price Right Color Close Basic shoe for a good price. Thought they were going to be Grey on Grey but they were more like Slate Blue.
B00AOOH730 same shoe as when I had them 40 years ago great sneakergreat seller
B00AOOH730 very comfortable The fit is wonderful, people asking where I got them from.Cause they never seen them in suede  ,Black in leather black on these are great. And will be back on ordering .Another in a difference color very soon.
B00AOOH730 What a wonderful classic. What a wonderful classic....they take me back to the days of my youth. I love them, and they fit great! I recommend these to all old-school patrons, you will not be disappointed.
B00AOOH730 Puma's are classic The fit and the look are excellent.And the fact they come with the fat laces took me back to the 80's.Will be purchasing more colors.
B00AOOH730 Good looking My previous Pumas are not well arch supported, as these are not either.  OTC inserts solve the problem. I'm  in blue suede shoes!
B00AOOH730 In my case this nine and one-half shoe fit perfect from the first time I put them on The shoes arrived within the promised time line and in the condition described in AMAZON.  It has been my experience that PUMA shoes are not over or undersized.  In my case this nine and one-half shoe fit perfect from the first time I put them on.
B00AOOH730 Not leather This is listed as a leather shoe. I bought them - they are not leather - they are suede yes, but that doesn't mean leather. That means the listing is false.  You can't get leather at this price - or apparently honesty either.
B00AOOH730 oOd school feel  New school colors Perfect fit and more comfortable then I remember..
B00AOOH730 not comfortable I have a had time finding comfortable shoes. I used to buy Pumas all the time. They have changed the style. Instead of the inside area around the heel being a soft material these have a hard rubber lining, which rubbed against my heel and ankle. I sent them back.
B00AOOH730 Cant go wrong with PUMA Suede Classic I always liked PUMA and these new Suede classi c will fit in my PUMA collection.  they never disappoint guarantee.
B00AOOH730 Disappointed. I read somewhere that Puma fits smaller for actual sizes, im a 11 so I ordered 11.5. They are somewhat Large.Disappointed.
B00AOOH730 Nice shoe, but black rubber part at the bottom and side had white marks all over it. I really liked the look of this shoe when I saw it online. I love Puma sneakers and have about 6 pairs in different colors already. I was kind of disappointed when I received these shoes. The rubber part at the bottom and side was not completely black. It had white marks all over it (almost as if it were worn out or dirty). I went back to the image link from my order to check if maybe it was something I missed seeing when I looked at the product, however, the images on Amazon did not have those white marks. I do love Puma sneakers and really wanted an all black pair. These shoes are okay, though I wish they didn't have that worn out look.
B00AOOH730 Almost exactly what I expected! The color is a bit more blue than I thought.  Picture looked more gray to me.  Having worn them, they fit perfect, and I really like how they look.
B00AOOH730 Very bad I would not advise purchaseToo heavySize is incorrectI can not run through himI regretted to buy it and I'm thinking about him back
B00AOOH730 One Star Not black, they look grey
B00AOOH730 Well designed shoes! That doesn't suck I've been wanting to buy an all black suede sneakers for a while.Something that would work well for casual and even semi formal use,because it has black soles, it doesn't stand out like most other sneakers.Vans Sk8-Hi, Adidas Gazelle 2 all black used to be my go to shoes,Unfortunately neither of them make them anymore,Then I found these Puma, all black including the label.I couldn't be happier.The only criticism is that their soles doesn't cushion or insulate from the cold as well as gazelles, but they are durable.I ended up buying 3 in case it goes out of production.
B00AOOH730 Puma Suede Classic These feel great. Like the look, too. I wear them to work where I sit around a lot, and when I'm out and about.
B00AOOK2OG Perfect fit.. Excellent product as describe, confort, soft. Size fits perfect, i'll use them as casual shoe or indoor soccer. Quality brand.
B00AOOK2OG excelent it's amazing. i like puma sneakers. i want puma sneakers 21sm.if you have please invite me about it.thank you my dear freind
B00AOOK2OG PUMA Mexicos Saw these for 25 bucks and couldn't resist picking them up. White leather shoes are my 'go to' and my Diesel solars are just about dead. At any rate, they fit a bit snug. I would go up a half size if it wasn't such a pain to exchange. I put some shoe stretchers in for a few days and they were fine. Haven't worn them much so I can't comment on the durability.
B00AOOK2OG Fits well and looks smart Its exactly what I had hoped for, its just so good and fits well. I needed something smart for casual outings and this is it
B00AOOL1SC One Star Terribly oversized!
B00AOOL1SC Color isn't right. I ordered the black and white- black suede upper with the iconic puma stripe in white. Well, the stripe is more of a gray/green, NOT WHITE. WHITE is the color of the soles. The stripe, for some reason, is not white. I decided to keep the shoe, however, because it just wouldn't be worth paying more shipping.I hope everyone else has better luck getting the right color. The fit was perfect. The comfort is unbeatable. But the color, big mistake.
B00AOOL1SC Love these sneakers Iam a child of the eighties and I relate to these sneakers. Iam glad they still make them. They fit great....
B00AOOLDO4 All in one! These sneakers are not only fashion but comfortable too! My husband was able to wear them with short pants and jeans and they look cool ;)
B00AOOY2G0 Aweasome Really nice they fit like heaven on your feets, of course the material on the front gets kinda dirty afther a while but that's perfectly normal with that kind of material..
B00AOOY2G0 Love them The shoes are well build and the look even better than in the pic. Even loved the packaging. highly recommended.
B00AOOYHMY Compfort and durable. Nice grip/treds. Received replacement right away. The first time i got the shoe, I soon got a split in it somehow while walking. Once I received a speedy replacement, that shoe has held up to activities such as running, jumping, walking...and even a fight or two.  Still looks brand new. Creates great imprints on the face of your opponents. :)
B00AOOYMRO Puma Life Great shoes to style out. Go out for parties and rage with my bros. The shoe choice of Meek Mill
B00AOOYT22 Could be bettet If you have a wide foot then these will not be for you. Started irritating my foot an hour into wearing them
B00AOOZ1OC Very light and just as described. They are very light weight, comfortable more so like walking barefoot. I did have to purchase some arch support for more comfort.
B00AOOZ1OC Nice, but little support I purchased these thinking they were like the Puma Biowebs that I love because of the comfort and back support they provide me. These have a much thinner sole and do not provide the same support. They look great, but they are more of a fashion item
B00AOOZ1OC Lighter than air These are like having nothing on your feet!  The color is striking and literally glow in the dark.  For sure you will be seen by others as they are hit by any light at all.  The only thing I don't like is that the tongue is also made of very thin material and is hard to keep from folding as you put the shoe on.  It would have been better if the tongue were attached on one side and you only had the other to worry about - maybe a little super glue and the problem is solved.
B00AOOZ1OC Shoe collar caused awful discomfort I want to rate these shoes a 4 or 5. I really, really like almost everything Puma has done with them: Minimal stack height, zero drop, very flexible sole, secure fit in toe box (I don't like the wide toe boxes common in other brands such as Merrell and I like the secure feel these shoes provide), light upper, even a rubber bumper on the lateral aspect of the heel, where I still get substantial wear. Check, check, and check. But unless you have steel plating in your feet, the collar of this shoe will ruin your running (and maybe even your walking). I wore these for a 4.5 mile run indoors and loved them - fast and flexible. I noticed some discomfort on the outside of my feet where the collar meets my foot, but nothing too major.Two days after the first run, I went out for a 10k and noticed a little discomfort where the collar meets the outside part of my feet, but not enough discomfort to stop. By the end of the run, my feet were pretty banged up. The next day, I tried to just PUT ON the Pumas, but I couldn't even stand up because of the intense pain where the collar meets the feet.  Without pressure, I was fine, but any pressure, especially in the Pumas, was nearly unbearable.It's been three days since I couldn't wear the Pumas and my feet are recovering but certainly not healed. I contacted Puma by e-mail and phone and received very little assistance (e-mail contact was a disaster - stock e-mail for &#34;defective apparel&#34; and a similar response when I requested my message be sent to the department that handles R&D; for footwear). This review is not only in response to the pain caused by the shoe (a report I've read elsewhere, including on the site Believe in the Run), but also of Puma itself. They can't fix the problem if the right departments can't communicate with each other, so hopefully the creators of the Faas 100 will see this review, consider others, and make adjustments for a second version.A version which, should it appear, I'll consider being first in line if they fix the collar. Otherwise, I'm done with Puma running shoes altogether.
B00AOOZ1OC So very light and comfortable!!! Feel likes air on your feet. So light and comfortable. The only thing is that it is a ever so slightly lighter orange than expected. Otherwise, awesome shoe!
B00AOOZP3Y awesome shoes! I've been looking for these in stores and couldn't find them anywhere. I was skeptical about buying these online just in case they didn't fit well but I took a chance and couldn't be happier. They fit perfectly and feel great. Pumas rock.
B00AOOZP3Y Excellent, but... An excellent, comfortable sneaker.  I replaced the white laces with gray because the white looked too teeniebopper.  My only complaint is that the toes showed creases in the fabric from the beginning.  Just wish the toes stayed rounded.  I've worn these shoes daily, for weeks.  They fit well and remain very comfortable.  But, because of my arches, I've used arch support inserts.
B00AOOZP3Y Good look but rough on the feet These sneakers look great but I wore these for a lot of walking and they tear up my feet.  Even after breaking them in with several wears I am still getting blisters on the balls of my feet when I wear these for extended walks.
B00AOOZP3Y College Student Reviews Hey guys! Back with another review! I got these on sale for 20$ at the time and I love it! It fits perfectly and I get people compliment me on how nice they are. Very good material. I would recommend getting the shoe cleaning kit from PUMA to keep the bottom lip of the shoes clean in case you scratch them. Any questions? Ask away!
B00AOOZP3Y awesome got these on sale for  $20. i jumped all over that as i've wanted a pair of these for what seems like forever but their usually just too steep for what i feel they are worth. these are every day shoes and i'm loving every day of it. fit like a glove and are way more comfortable than the chuck taylor all stars and vans slip-ons i'm used to. 5 stars
B00AOQ21IY Perfect It was exactly what I ordered, it fit perfectly, and it was cheap. Im really glad I got this boots
B00AOQ21IY Fits Like Nike Vapors These are great boots, fits for me just like the Vapors by Nike, 1/2sz down.  I.e: Regularly wear sz 12, I went with 11.5, fits perfect.Stud formations are great for natural grass, have yet to test on artificial grass.  Super light, good touch on the ball.  Definitely needs a good break-in with the heal out-sole but that's expected with high-end boots.Couldn't be happier.  Would recommend.
B00AOQ21IY It's So Good, It's Evo The evolution of Puma soccer cleats continue....Sometimes it's for the better, sometimes it misses.What they got right:Super sleek - the surface areas are free of patches, stitches, etc.- distractions - that keeps you away from FEELING the ball. It's simple and effective.Super LIGHT - this is what always sets PUMA above from the rest. They know how to make light quality soccer shoes.Stylish - I got the bright lime green version - it really stands out, and in a good way. The dimples on the front outer sole also adds a touch of style to go with the functionality.Grip - although these circular cleats don't give as much grip as the 1.06-1.09 versions, they do grip better than the 1.10/1.11 versions, which for some reason reversed the angles of the cleats and made no sense.What they need to work on:Material - call me old fastioned, but real leather still trumps every synthetic material that we have going today. There is nothing like the fit, feel, and comfort of the real thing. This material, although is an improvement over the 1.10 and 1.11 iterations, is still needs getting used to. And unlike real leather, it doesn't stretch out to fit your feet. If it doesn't fit you, then it never will.Overall, for the price I got them for at the time($115), they are a great value, and highly recommended!
B00AOQ4ZI8 Yes This is great purchase no matter The only thing that I dont really like was that they only had one color
B00AOQ75LM Did not last Purchased for my fourteen year old son end of October 2013.  He wore them twice a week to practice and one weekend indoor tournament.  The soles are already separating from the shoe at the toes and on the outside of the shoe between the arch and heel.  Very disappointed.  We are a couple of weeks past the deadline to return to Amazon so are trying to get Puma to address this, but it is not looking like they will since the shoes were purchased through Amazon.  Shoes should last longer than two months!!
B00AORB3DW puma cleats It is quite light and fits very comfortable..i would definitely advise any soccer player to buy these....they would like it...
B00AORB3DW Quite an awesome boot I had read previous reviews on this boot and people were saying this fit much too small, I say this boot fit just as expected to my foot size. I HIGHLY recommend this boot to any that are in wide foot category or like the predator LZ Absolions.
B00AORB3DW Shaped For Feet With Long Big Toes As my second toe is longer than my big toe, these cleats don't.  They're fitted for feet with long big toes.  I wear a size 9 and even in a 9.5 my outside toes were squished and there was a cm of space in front of my big toes.  Had to return.
B00AORB3DW Amazing boot I love it fits really good. No doubt it's one of the best football boots out there it's very light, it's like I'm not wearing anything glad I got them
B00AORB3DW my new favorite cleat Fits perfectly. Is very light weight and stylish. Also very light so you can fly around the field. Love my new cleats.
B00AORB3DW Thanks It was a little too small but i'm keeping them, and i thank you guys for everything, hope to shop with you
B00AORB3DW Light, but slightly small... Super light, look awesome, bought 2 sizes up on the Euro scale (44 instead of my normal 42 and fit perfect)
B00AORB3DW RUGBY STAMP OF APPROVAL &#128077; Chose this shoe for my boyfriend because it was on a flash sale for a tad bit cheaper and I had previously lined up this and a few others--one of them a Gilbert, I believe--and an Adidas, just for him to look through and compare then decide. He decided on this one and I planned on getting it later this year before rugby season for an early birthday gift but then there was the sale and there went my money! On to the review.The shoe fit him just a little bit smaller than what I expected, but to him it fit perfectly because he likes his cleats a little tight. He does have wide feet though, so a perfect fit for him IS THIS CLEAT. We also had gotten it a few months ago and it has lasted a bunch of touch rugby practices, so that's a good sign. He shuffles well in them and is quick on his feet, much quicker than everyone expects which may be attributed in part to the awesome cleats and partly because of talent. Keep in mind he is a larger guy. The shoe is beautiful, he colors are bold enough to be seen in the dark practices and there has so far been nothing wrong with them that he can think of. Most of the cleats he gets he &#34;explodes&#34; out of them, quite literally. He tries to fake or shuffle and then boom the cleat has broken and because of this he did want something more durable and was thinking kangaroo leather, but these ones, though not kangaroo leather, have actually lasted, surprisingly. It is also a very light and well-made shoe, so points for that. A star each for fit, style, durability, light weight, and price. All in all, a very good cleat.
B00AORB3DW Excellent Very comfortable !!!! I'm really happy with these cleats. They are really light and I would recommend these puma soccer cleats
B00AORB3DW Good For Kickball Got these for a bar kickball league. Granted, not the most punishing sport one could put a pair of cleats through, but hey don't judge. They definitely do the job, no more falling on my butt in wet grass. Slightly narrow though, but the next larger size would be too long. Hopefully they stretch.
B00AORB3DW Color is cool. I generally wear the size 9 Color is cool. I generally wear the size 9.5US PUMA shoes. That's why I chose 9.5 for this one as well.It is snug for me. My toes hurt a tad bit after wearing the shoe for 2 hours at a stretch. Doesn't matter much to me though. I just keep untying the shoe during breaks to relax it. but so far it is fine. I hope it lasts long.
B00AORB3DW Great Boots for the Price I have been very happy with the quality of this product. I was expecting the boots to be somewhat weak and cheap, but they have the full quality that you would expect from $70 or $80 boots. Excellent buy.
B00AORB3DW Lightweight and comfortable!  Consider purchasing a half-size up. Played my first hurling match in these today.  Ground was firm, but just too soft for my Mundial Team turf shoes.  This boot is lightweight and comfortable right out of the box.  Spikes dig in well, and I never lost my footing the entire match.You should consider going up a half-size in this boot.  I normally wear a 10.5 or 11 at the largest.  I originally purchased an 11 since I would be wearing two pairs of socks.  However, I had to return those for an 11.5.  The 11.5 fits perfectly!Overall, a nice lightweight and comfortable boot that is a great value at this price.  Since these are new, I wonder about the durability.  But for this price, if I can get through the season, I will consider the purchase a success!
B00AORBTZY Best shoes evarrrrrr Fits. Color is awesome. Perfect for indoor soccer or what get sport you play. Very light weight and durable. Thanks PUMA
B00AORBTZY Great, but not amazing The only problem I have with these is that they have bad ankle support and that I had to mess with the tounge of the shoe to make them comfortable, but other than that they were perfect.
B00AORBTZY Size completely wrong!!! The sizeing is completely wrong, I use exclusively size 11.5 US for all mi shoes and boots, INCLUDING OTHER ADIDAS SOCCER SHOES and the fit is alwas ok. These are NOWHERE NEAR the size specified, im extremely annoyed, they are probably a 10. My guess is that they ran out of stock and knowingly sent a wrong pair anyway because im an amazon prime member and therefore should have 2 day shipping. Very very bad.
B00AORBTZY Does not fit sizes i was looking at. The charts i was looking at said 9.5D is 43 in european size. When i got the shoes they are a 42.5 . So unusable.
B00AORBTZY fit is okay just pick them a little bigger They are very light and comfortable at first they were a little tight but after a day of just wearing them they expanded more and fit a lot better
B00AORE26C Excellent choice my friend I love themFit perfectI'm a 12 in Nike and a 12 in theseVery comfy and great grip
B00AOREMJ4 Puma i usually play football with my friends. this is a good items. I love it so i purchased. Puma Evo
B00AORGLAC not the best for indoor soccer though little fit well, not the best for indoor soccer though little support
B00AQ1HX1C Puma Fits well also it's good to wear under shoulder pads and the color stays bright when you wash and dry it
B00AQ1HX1C SMALL These might be fine for young boys but they run way to small for adult men who work out. NO WAY this is a true XXL.
B00AQ1HX1C Great fit When I first held up the jersey it looked roomier than i expected, but when i tried it on, I thought it fit very well. I bought a size small because i don't like my tees loose. this was a good buy.
B00AQ1HX1C OK shirt for the price but already came apart at seem OK shirt for the price but already came apart at seem.  Print quality is fine but when removing the tag from the seem it tore apart the stitching now I have a shirt with a big whole in it.  Gonna have to break out the sewing kit or spend $20 to have the cleaners repair it for me.  Just be extra careful vwhen removing the tag
B00AQ1HX1C this T-shirt is comfortable! Antony&#8217;s speech disagrees with brute&#8217;s speech. All of citizens believe that Brutus is an honorable and perfect person in Rome. Therefore, Brutus&#8217; speech easily convinced individuals. However, Antony wants to make people do not believe brutes&#8217; speech by many facts such as crying, Caesar&#8217;s goal. He wants to say that Caesar is a real man and nice king instead of rough man. Finally, people who believe brute begin to change their mind. In addition, they begin to doubt Brutus.
B00AQCFD4K Great look and fit but not thick enough My son really likes the look and it fits perfect for a mid sized 7 1/2 year old, but the material is not too thick and doesn't offer much warmth. We are not going to return it but will need another thicker jacket for spring and fall.
B00AQODE9E Good Buy Super comfy, durable, keeps the sweat low. What more could you want from a sock? I have previous pairs and they have lasted for 2 years and still goin.
B00AQODE9E Hot It says "cotton" in the description, but they are mostly polyester.  They are amazingly hot for a low-top sock.  I will give them another chance in the winter, when hot might be a good thing, and may very well throw them all away.
B00ASRJFA6 Filnaly I'm 13 us shoe size, and all my socks have holes on the toes because they are not rely universal size, these ones are conformable and looks perfect for persons who were 13 and more
B00AV5J48S Really good Hoodie I bought this for my son this summer, July it is now late October and it is his go to hoodie. The fabric is fantastic and is that just right weight that makes for a perfect all around Jacket/Hoodie. Worth every dime when your kid wears and cares for it. Has enough style that he can wear to church on a chilly Sunday or to his soccer games.
B00AV5J67C beautiful and fit We love this jacket, its colors are fantastic and my nephew looks like a big little boy .. It was like we expected
B00AV6POKY I recommend this product I ordered a size to 24 months, and the size fits. The set is made &#8203;&#8203;of high quality material, has a nice, brilliant color.I am satisfied and recommend the product to anyone.
B00AV6POKY Perfect Would buy my baby when I was one year now 2 years and still has left. It is super comfortable and cool for summer days. That's perfect.
B00AWXMKOE PUMA Men's Windbreaker, Zinnia/Black, Large No cons.Pros:  Large size. Ample body for vest. Ample body/sleeves for fleece hoodie. (Sleeves more form fit than body.Enough for fleece.) Sleeves long enough for 35-36&#34; sleeve length . Waist plenty long for wind block. Have not used hood. Have not been in wind. However, with fleece hoodie warm enough in 30 degree morning. At daylight. Last the pockets are only hand warmers. NO fasterner (no velcro, no snap). So potentially drop anything in pockets. Highly recommend.
B00AWXMKOE Amazing Jacket Puma This is my very first purchase of a puma product and I am very impressed with the quality of the fabric and durability. I am a cross-country, Track, and soccer player and need a great breaker to wear as another layer at all my practices. When the winter blast came through, I was unprepared besides wearing my snowboarding jacket(super heavy) practice. You should wear another layer with this if its cold. The hoods a little small, but it is so that it can be easily pulled down by the draw string to keep the head dry and cool. It works
B00AWXMN6O Your Average shirt, but I like it. I bought this because I really like the PUMA products. I have purchased shocks and briefs that are very good.  This is a everyday T-shirt with the PUMA label.  I was satisfied with the purchase, it met my expectations for the price.  It does shrink a little and it is about a size small, I normally wear a XL to fit my shoulders, but I am glad that I ordered an XXL on this.  After washing it was a perfect fit.  I plan to buy another in a different color to add to this one.
B00AWXMN6O Puma The t-shirt is not bad, an ok quality...the size is fine, it doesn't look as in the picture but ok
B00AWXSA4I Disappointed in the product It is really small for being a men's large. More like a women's mediumVery disappointed. Too expensive for quality
B00AWY5TQ4 Good Quality Nice looking pants that fit as expected.  There is a bit of a sheen to the fabric which makes them look a bit dressier, (as much as sweat pants can), and helps with cat hair not sticking, so much.  My son is 5'7&#34; and has a bit of tummy, the medium fits well, a little long, but fine with shoes.
B00AWY5TQ4 . very good material, pleasant to the touch, great feathers like this, sizes is a little overstated,Delivery was on time I'm happy
B00AWY5TQ4 Great pants but runs big Nice thick sweatpants. Arrived fast. Size XL seems big compared to other XL pants. Ither than the size, 5 stars.
B00AWY5TQ4 Well made These are great fitting warm-ups.  I am a 34x 33 pant wearer and these fit longer than most warm-ups and were perfect. The other reviews on this product were spot on.
B00AWY8QZA I like Hoody Hello, I actually like the Hoody, I was just expecting it to be a little bigger.  It just appears the Hoody's for women run small.
B00AWYTYKG You will love this Graphic Tee This Graphic Tee was originally purchased in Epcot Center in the Italy area, Disney World, Florida where I loved the Ferrari logo and the feel of the material.  I gave it as a Christmas gift to my husband and was sorely disappointed because the size I purchased was too small.  I immediately went on line to see if it were possible to find a place to purchase another so I could get a larger size.  I should have known that AMAZON would have it.  Thank you AMAZON.  YOU MADE MY DAY !!  The next size fit perfectly. It is exactly the same shirt and the feel of the material is so nice, not to mention the BEST PART, it was a few dollars less expensive.  I love Amazon and Amazon will always be my 1st place to seach for an item or check for an item that I know I want to purchase
B00AWYU432 Different from what was pictured This picture shows a Ferrari Shield on the shirt but the shirt I received was just plain white with a puma on the shoulder. Very disappointed!!!!
B00AWYU432 Nice shirt, but 75% of the cost must be the name I was looking for a slim-fit or trim-fit Ferrari t-shirt and came across this one. I ordered a red one (of course). This shirt looks and fits great. The logo/pattern on the front is a sort of rubber material. Time will tell how it holds up. My only complaint about the shirt is the cost. It's basically a ten-dollar-tee with a rubberized logo on the front, and I can only assume the vast majority of the price is going to Ferrari for use of the name.
B00AWYUO46 PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Rosso Corsa, Large PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Rosso Corsa, Large  excellent look and quality fits as expected from Puma size Medium ..
B00AWYUO46 Worth On Time Like Always But If Only They Had More Colors In This Jacket & It was well worth the price
B00AWZLPKM a little larger than expected It is gret, my boyfriend loved it! good condition, fast delivery.One complain - it was a little dirty so before I gave it as a gift, I had to hand wash parts of it!! :( why do you send out dirty products? Thank GOd it washed off nice. other than that, I ordered Xl since my bf is a bigger man. I could have ordered jus large, but my bf loves it anyways and wears it on top of long sleeve shirts. He looks so sexy in it! great material!Thanks
B00AWZMH8Q Absolutely awsome I can truly say that this jacket is absolutely UNIQUE. It's a head turner, people stares to the point I feel embarass(but happy) for buying this jacket. Any other colors? Logos are beautifully done.
B00AWZNIT8 GOOD SIZE I live in Latin America and the article QUEDO SIZE ME WELL WHITE MATERIAL THAT DOES NOT LIKE ME IS VERY THIN
B00AWZOE9G love this shirt The shirt speaks for itself: swanky, comfortable and ego-boosting!  The quality of the shirt is great and is a must-have for any Beamer fans.
B00AWZW11Y I love this great packable Down jacket. This jacket is so light , warm and comfortable.  It is great for travel as it packs up into a small little bag that come with the jacket.
B00AY65V1I Loved it As the comments indicate, the shoe it is something tight, then everyone bought more medium size because my feet are wide, and then wedged perfectly.
B00AY65V1I I had ordered for an yellow one and i got an florescent colored one , which is a bad experience. I had ordered for an yellow one and i got an florescent colored one , which is a bad experience.
B00AY65V1I Please offer these in wide widths! Style and quality ok. Just the rigid sidewalls kill the fun for me, but then I have wide feet and these are not available in wide widths.Will have to wear them in, hopefully they will expand enough that I don't have to donate them brand new.
B00AY6NZDE Perfect shoe the great thing about these shoes is that they are not easily creased. the material they are made out of is easy to clean and keep in good shape.
B00AY6NZDE awesome shoes had these for months now and am just writing this review.these are comfortable and durable.its a basic shoe and design, but thats what makes it cool in my opinion.received compliments from several people.minimal wear on the soles for months of usage.they've been on rain puddles more than once, and the material holds up like nothing happened.good stuff.
B00AY6NZDE Fits very well and is very comfortable. Magnifique!!! Fits very well and is very comfortable.
B00AY6NZDE Slightly large and not super comfortable I go between a 10.5 and 11 depending on the brand of shoe and have found that Pumas usually fit well as a 10.5.  These however are still slightly big on me at 10.5.  In addition, the material that they are made out of is not very flexible so makes them somewhat uncomfortable. For the price the shoes are fine, I'll still wear them, just not as well made as other Pumas that I have owned in the past.
B00AYBQL4Y Perfect fit and beautiful color I loved this set. They are worth the price I paid for it. The 3T was fitting perfect for my 3 year old daughter.
B00AYBQL4Y Puma Lovely outfit, it looked absolutely beautiful on my daughter and she absolutely loved it. Well made, and fitted perfectly. Love it.
B00AYBQL4Y Great set My girl love it. i would give 5 star in all categories , but would recommend imporve quality of pants, after wearing it sometime on pants in someplaces pink heart got black marks.
B00AYBQOGO model is more for 2 years or 2 and half small imperfection  on upper part but I do not want to return because for that price range I can not buy anything  even close.
B00AZE94GW Coolio I felt like an advanced species of leopard while wearing this shirt. Whoever said the lion was king of the jungle didn't know that leopards could look this good! Chicks were digging this shirt all night and the best part is the shirt has a pocket to put all the numbers I got!
B00B03F8V2 HARD TO FIND Husband loves!! However, have had to wash each batch ordered numerous times before wearingbecause they come smelling of gasoline!
B00B03F8V2 way too tight on leg. not as cushioned as lead to believe & they are way to tight on the leg.  Size for fit is fine but I'd look at other socks for same price unless you like blood flow restricted to your feet.
B00B03F8V2 Puma Crew sock Maybe the best crew sock available.  Very difficult to find for some reason.  Lots of elastic in the sock to keep their shape and maintain their place on the leg.
B00B03PIFS Feet of Magic My guy at a size 13 shoe thought that feet were doomed to be uncomfortable. I don't believe in suffering.i knew we could get a light weight wick-away cushioned sock that would be good for him. He loves them. He can't believe they existed or could make such a difference.I now have a happy guy with unblistered cooler feet.
B00B0D79MI Less comfortable than what I expected. My cheap steel toe shoes were more comfortable, and when crouching repeatedly, the steel rubs against the tops of my foot/toes.
B00B0D79MI Never had to wait longer for any product Waited over a month for the product. when I received the shoes they are were over sized  by at least one full size. i will never order anything from bear bones work wear again......
B00B0DHR98 Puma Hard Toe Top quality - comfortable with good arch support.  Wear them all day - no tired feet. Hard toe keeps feet & toes safe.
B00B14A5EU Nice Pants but... The waist is to big and the thigh & butt area is too tight.  Its not really made for curvy girls with a butt and a skinny waist.  I bought a medium.  Probably should have bought a small, but then I dont think the butt and thight area would have fit.
B00B14A5EU Not stretchy like you think it would be... I thought these would be similar to leggings, but they are not stretchy enough.  Order them big if you're getting them at all.  They barely stretch!  I also thought they Blackberry Cordial was black with purple lettering, but they're purple with light purple lettering...
B00B1E4QSQ Comfortable an supportive They are light, easy to put on, and fit just right! I really like the puma brand and recommend them.
B00B1E4QSQ Awesome Shoes Got them a few months ago for work and they are extremely light and comfortable. My only issue is that the logos on the backs of both heels have already fell off just after a few months of wear.
B00B1E4QSQ puma I like the fitness shoes. The sizing is perfect. Can't wait till spring so when I walk I will be able to see the comfort in them.
B00B1E4QSQ you ask, that is ALL I have I had to give to my youngest daughter, too small for myself. Usually I wear 8.5, too much trouble to return
B00B1E4QSQ light and stylish.. for using it in gym.My wife is happy with this item.But,,,you'd better wear it indoor or without winter..
B00B1E4QSQ right size, right color and what my sister wanted ... right size, right color and what my sister wanted. She been looking over a year for the right Puma and now she has them. Thanks
B00B1E4QSQ Niceee I love this shoes, I buy half size more than my. But its perfect I use it for workout elliptical.  And isn't havy. I could recommind it a friend...
B00B1E4QSQ width too small Shoe look fine. Would have been better if provided with width option while selecting the product. Make sure you check all options before ordering.
B00B1E4QSQ A little tight A little too tight for me but I am hoping they loosen up with wear.  I do really like the colors.
B00B1E4QSQ kinda small in sizing I think thay are sized kinda small and it could be that im not used to the more hard surface around the front of shoe but I will get use to it maybe when I get them broke in
B00B1E5NU6 Kind of loose I would highly suggest getting a pair of shoelaces to secure the top ringlets, or you'll be falling out of these every time you walk. It fits fine length-wise, it just needs to be more secured around your ankle.
B00B1E5NU6 Change please it's to small .. 12 it's to late for me I 'm supposed to choose 12... Tell me if I can change please
B00B1E5NU6 Puma's Sized true, fit well.  Foot did not slip around inside shoe.  Look great and very comfortable.  Grandson very pleased.  He has quite a collection of sneakers and says these are cool!
B00B1E5NU6 awesome kicks Awesome fit.. and they look super cool... this kicks goes well with any skinny jeans or vans pants. I am glad I picked em my self for Xmast.
B00B1E5NU6 Stellar So Far I'm a high-top addict, so when I spotted these on Amazon, I flipped out. Good-looking shoes like these are hard to find (and Pumas, more so); got them a half-size bigger due to prior experience, and that's worked out fine (they're plenty roomy in the toe). What amazed me when I got them was how LIGHT they are! You lace 'em up, and it's almost like being barefoot. They could stand a little more arch support, but that's a minor quibble. You'll get nothing but stares and compliments after purchasing these. I may have to snag a couple more (styles and colors don't last long in the shoe world!). I assume they'll hold up fine, as previous Pumas have been rather hardy.
B00B1E5NU6 I LOVE PUMA LC SPECIAL Have in blk, blk/palace blue & grey/red/blk. Love them. Wish I could get all colors except tomato but no1 has size 8 mens.. & I mean NO-ONE!! I'm usually size 8.5 but in puma I'm an 8. Sizes r so wacky w/ different brands. I'll list off sizes in case it helps some1 get an idea of their own size. I wear 8.5 in Etnies, DC, Supra, Vans, Vision, Zoo York, World Industries, Reebok, Nike, Cadillac, Nautica, Guess. 8 in Puma & Osiris. 9 in Radii. 7 in Timberland. Crazy how sizes vary, I know..If u r lucky enuf to wear a size that these gems r still available in (generally large sizes or kids), count your blessings. Not only can u probably find them on clearance somewhere, but u can own a pr. So comfy. Great looking shoe. Nice & flexible so no pressure on ankles or legs where other shoes this high would b uncomfortable. I call them my high top slippers. They're wonderful. I have narrow feet & these really work nicely for me. I don't have to strangle my feet by tying laces so tight in order for them to stay on & feel secure. They make my feet look smaller than my other shoes do. Bonus!I wear them ALL THE TIME & I have many other sneakers to choose from. I wish i had an endless supply.
B00B1OWSRC Great shirt! I bought this shirt for my son and it is adorable! Superior quality and it arrived earlier than expected. I recommend this product!
B00B1OWSRC Great quality shirt! I bought this for my son who is 4 and 1/2 and tall for his age the size 6 fit him perfectly a touch big he will easily wear this for a year! The quality is really good and the shirt is very cool for a sports shirt, I usually buy him fun and quirky/cool clothes but he needed a sports shirt and this fit the bill perfectly, the color is Great too.
B00B1OWZNO A little small My son is 2 and mostly wears 2t so I ordered a 3t knowing that puma runs a little small. It fits perfect but has no room for him to grow. Considering Puma clothing is a little pricy I was disappointed that it wouldn't be something he could wear for long
B00B1PCW40 Boy likes them a lot My son usually prefers cotton shorts only not this type but he liked this pair of shorts a lot. He wears XL and the sizing is OK.
B00B1POG1M Bad investment! I am usually easy to please but this shirt was not worth the money.  It was much smaller then size 7, more like a 5. The material is thin and kind of clingy.  I would send it back but hate to go to the trouble. I have another child that it will fit so will just keep and give it to him.  Do not recommend this product.
B00B2JJUZ4 Good summer shirt The shirt is great for hot weather: it is very breathable & has ventilation sections under the arms. It's just as I hoped for.
B00B4NLKMY Puma My son is a huge Puma guy so when he had a son I had to buy his lil man some Puma gear like daddy! Great product washed several times already and still looks new. I would recommend to everyone!Excellent product
B00B4S2QUE fav's i wasn't sure about this sneak but the price was right...when i received it i was like OMG, i couldn't wait to wear them so i put them on and they were soooooo comfortable i wish there were other colors so kute....
B00B4S2QUE Stylish and great value For me, these fit perfectly true to size. It's not quite clear from the picture, but the upper (except for the puma detail) is not leather... it is some synthetic woven fabric. Puma always holds up well for me, and these look fantastic.
B00B4S2QUE This product is very excellent choice! I love it.Color and weight is awsome!!!!This product is also comfortable. When I Received my purchase and saw that I was very excited!
B00B4S2QUE medium was not what I expected too big and not too weak I really liked the feel is what I think
B00B4S5TRG Fun Look Theses Pumas have a little pizzazz.  A little bit of flash without a lot of bling.  They feel and look great.
B00B4S5TRG Poor quality This shoe looks so  cheap and the quality is very poor. I don't think that it can even last one year.
B00B4WIXLQ Comfortable Wear. I like this wear shirt. It very comfortable and awesome design. People give me compliments on the sweat shirt and design.
B00B4ZZWJE Boy likes! My son plays futsal and needed new shoes.  He really likes the style and fit of these pumas.  Hard to know fit when ordering online but these seemed to fit well.  Look for free returns when shopping on line (like these) just in case they don't fit.
B00B500LGC Awesome They are a boys 6.5 not a woman's 6.5. They fit as expected and look amazing. I'd recommend them to anyone.
B00B5013PK Sizing is 2 sizes off Since we have already return them twice I'm going to keep them although I don't think there going to fit for much longer.The sizing is no where close to what a shoe sizing machine says
B00B5013PK Perfect!! She loves`em. Im glad i took half size up. well made.aggressive cleats. stylish. she will be the star of the team...maybe not the best player though...thank you
B00B502N5Y wrong color than advertised these shoes were advertised as pink when in fact they were red.  highly disappointed since we were ordering for a pink loving girl!
B00B503JTS My new favorite! Love the colors and they are very comfortable. Just got them last week for kickball and played in them once so far. Loving them! Only wish they made them with the design on the bottom like the Powercat 1...
B00B504NFC Functional fashion My daughter needed new indoor soccer cleats and loved the idea of the reverse-color design. Luckily the Puma cleats delivered both the quality we'd expect from Puma and a stylish design.
B00B504NFC love bought for my daughter for indoor soccer.  for any soccer loving fashionista, these will be a hit!!!  cutest girl on the field!
B00B504NFC Perfect Our little soccer girl was dancing around the house as if she had on a pair of ballerina shoes. We were a little surprised to find out one shoe was decorated differently then the other, however, that just made it more appealing! Thank you for an awesome day for a little girl!
B00B53B1OU fits ok Fit a bit small for my son. I had to return it. But otherwise it was ok.
B00B5EDEZI Beautiful colors & so comfortable! Brilliant colors! Fits amazingly. Originally bought them for jump rope, but colors & fit are fabulous I wear them all the time! Highly recommended. Would buy same model, different colors.
B00B5EDEZI rough but lovely A little bit rough and not so cosy for inside training. But very cute and lovely. Fits exactly. I use just for a short walk
B00B5EDEZI Best sneakers ever! Such a great deal, and these are super comfortable and sharp. I've worn them basically every day since I got them and they still look brand new. This is why I only wear Pumas.
B00B5EDEZI Great Sneakers I just received them a few days ago and they fit like a glove. Very comfortable and true to my 7B size. Happy!
B00B5GEZG8 Arrived as expected...in a box that had a $35 clearance sticker!!! Even though the Sneakers arrived as expected and the size fit, I was surprised to see a $35 clearance sticker on the original PUMA box. ($64.99 original price). Just a bad feeling that I got tricked...Edit: Excellent customer service!
B00B5GEZG8 not color expected Not the color shown they were pink and they didnt fit!!!! Dnt like the color at all the should be more spacific with color
B00B5HUIO0 Perfect for fashionable, active toddlers Love these shoes. Easy to slip on and off and they get noticed. My son wears these 6+ hours/day at his preschool and specifically requests to wear them. They're durable too. Although they are made of suede/leather uppers, I plan to just spot clean and brush off dirt when cleaning.
B00B5HUIO0 Contact These shoes have been worn for two months (and not every day) however they have split away from the seem..What can we do.  I do not see any contact info to get in touch.  Please reply with an answer thanks
B00B5HUIO0 yes! These shos rock. They look fab, and my kiddo loves them. All hail Puma. Velcro is my friend. Yes!! yes!!
B00B5HUIO0 Not ok The size was not like I expected. There was something wrong. My kid is 9 years old, the size look like one years old kid
B00B5HUIO0 very satisfied These shoes are awesome. They fit well and give my grandson the arch support he needs. The velcro closing is easier for him at this age and time. And for me too!
B00B5HUIO0 Very sturdy and perfect for active toddlers I have been purchasing shoes every other month because my toddler is VERY active. These have lasted over a month and they still look as new. They are easy to clean and will last much longer than the other ones!
B00B5HUIO0 The best sneakers I bought my son the red ones for Christmas because his favorite color is red, and we love them. He wears them everyday, and puts them with no problem. I just purchased the black ones and the same.
B00B5KOTYW Old School Style These look so much better in person. My son is 2 and I'm trying to keep him into bring an original when it comes to his sneakers and fashion.
B00B5KZACC Not the color I expected I used amazon's filter to find shoes for a boy and this choice appeared and it says it is blue but when I received it, it is actually purple. It is a great shoe but for a girl!
B00B5KZACC Good shoes for my kid Great buy. Only thing is the picture makes them look gray and pink when they are actually black and pink. But if I would have read the description, I would have known.
B00B5KZACC The cutest puma My kids really love this shoe...It's easy to put on by themselves and they are very easy to keep clean.
B00B5KZACC Ruby's shoes We bought these for our two YO granddaughter Ruby.  She loves them and they don't slip on a lick floor.
B00B5LHG82 light!!! she can do whatever she wants moving with these shoes..... very clean looking and can go with so many outfits.....
B00B5LHG82 so neat I like the fact that it fit perfectlly, its so neat and its so light yet my daughter can run without problem. it looks durable thoug she just use it once maybe for 2 hours long.
B00B5LHG82 love it puma is my favorit brand for sport cloths my kid like this shoe and it was fit as expected :)
B00B5LHG82 Adorable! (does not come small!) I love these shoes they are adorable and well made. I mistakenly followed other reviewers advice which warned these shoes come 2 sizes too small and bought a size 8T when my granddaughter actually wears a 6T... Big mistake! They are two sizes too large.... Oh well they are waiting in her closet for their debut..
B00B5VYKAE So so, only cool because of BMW Cool shoes, looked completely worn after first use and straps are cheaply made- not like regular pumas. The straps don't have a loop through, so the tongue constantly falls down.
B00B5W0110 Highly recommend. I was satisfied with the product. The color was true. Be the quality seemed just as I expected. Also the shipment arrived in no time which made me and my boy very happy to enjoy this holiday gift.
B00B5W0FHK BAD QUALITY, BAD SIZING, VERY DISAPOINTING This is really disapointing, I even doubt that these are true PUMA shoes since the quality is so bad. The shape is all wrong,it has absolutely no foot support and are completely flat. They do not fit despite being the same size as all of the other shoes mi daughter wears. they look like they will fall apart any minute, I can't use them and I wouldn't even give them away they are so cheap and bad. A Bad quality product, these are NOT Puma originals, a bad fit.....extremely disapointing.
B00B5W0FHK Good I like the shoe but I wished that the bottom would have been in white instead of black. I also would have liked it all white.
B00B5W0FHK This sneakers are beautiful, very well constructed but they're kind of small ... This sneakers are beautiful, very well constructed but they're kind of small in the front, the size its correct but to stretch. Other than that they are excellent.
B00B5W0FHK We love these shoes Very we'll made and comfy shoe. Has the plus of Velcro straps. Very convenient for small children who want to be independent.
B00B5W0FHK So cute! I bought these for my grandson--my son picked them out of from my wishlist.  We both like the design--he is only 6 but these look like a design for an older kid or an adult.  That makes it unique!
B00B5W0FHK Defective Product I already bought this shoe for my daughter several times, but this time came with a serious defect in the finish on the front. I would like to send pictures to the manufacturer's knowledge.
B00B5W0FHK no so happy When I order these shoes the information poated as 10 m for infants, so I thought it meant they were for babys. But instead turned out ro be 10 for kids
B00B5W0UUW Puma Lover Bought these shoes for my preschooler.  She loves them although they are a bit large.  Wish they had half sizes since she is actually a 9.5.  The price was better than any store or outlet, so I took a chance and bought them.  If anything, she'll grow into them.  They aren't leather so I'm not sure about durability on the playground and at the park.  So far she's worn them to school several times and they have come back in good condition.  Will buy again for the right price.  Perfect sparkly shoe for girls.
B00B5W0UUW Not Very Durable These are cute but show wear and tear very easily, my daughter's are looking a bit shabby after only a few uses.  The glitter is falling off and the stitching is coming apart in the front.  Not for heavy duty use, such as gym class.
B00B5W1ER0 Fits her nicely and comfortably. My daughter liked the shoes. Fits perfectly. She gave the ratings. There is enough shine and glitter without being gaudy.
B00B5XUHCC Amazing Buy This time I was pleasantly surprised! The fit is ideal and the product is the genuine article. What topped me though was the very simple package that saved me money.
B00B6QQDCG Durable and comfortable. Bought these for my construction worker son  and he was amazed how well they held up on the job. He doesn't want to wear any other sock now.
B00B71BRBM This shirt is great! So many jokes....a puma shirt with a puma on the front! Fit is good, genuine puma crap. I'm all over it.
B00B7LUG00 Kool, comfy, propels forward. Kool,comfy, propels forward.
B00B7LUG00 Puma These sneakers are light and comfratable.  The price was cheap compared to most sneakers in the same performance catorgory.  They are very durable and has held up for a entire deployment running on rocks and on the treadmil.
B00B7LUG00 Ligth and Comfortable! After trying several brands (Brooks, Asics, Saucony) I went with these, and they are comfy! Shoe is lightweight, and seems to offer good support so far.
B00B7LUG00 Souls were much too hard. Personally I need a softer shoe for my exercise shoes and these were not a good fit.  At this point I know to avoid Pumas in the future.
B00B7LUG00 Feel good and CUSHY Rated highest on the Amazon site for cross trainers.  Rated to be cushy and comfortable.  I agree.  After 2 weeks of wearing them on a concrete floor, I am quite happy.  I have ordered a 2nd pair in black.  The need a loop at the heel to make them easier to get on , but other than that, I have no complaints.
B00B7LUG00 First pair of Puma's in over 20 years As you can ascertain by the title it has been some time since I've worn any Puma shoe. The comfort level of these are the best I've felt in far too long. These ultra light weight shoes are well padded and have a soft sole that limits fatigue. I live in south Texas and look forward to summer months in these as they breath and keep my feet feeling cool. I have a narrower foot and wear a size 13 that was spot on in regards to overall fit. I have only worn these a few weeks now, but I truly hope these last for at least a year, if so this will be the shoe I buy from now on. Puma you just made a new customer from a very old one.
B00B7LUG00 Styling This shoe is great looking and fits perfect.  Very well built and has excellent traction due to its uniquely designed sole.  My one and only concern would be the lack of cushioning.... The reason I'm not deducting any stars is that I always replace the insoles with some $10 ones.  Any shoe I've ever bought from $50 to $150 needs new insoles; on the cost note you can't beat the price on these shoes, especially for the quality.  Oddly though, the insoles are permanent and cannot be removed, well, without a good amount force(anyway, I just placed the insoles on top of the permanent ones without issue). Going back to the fit, these shoes cater to a narrower sized foot, but fit me just fine(albeit a tad snug) with my wider sized feet.
B00B7LUG00 Hello Puma! I have always been an Adidas tennis shoe fan because of the fit, but could not pass up on the price and style of these grey Puma's. I am thrilled on how light and comfortable they are and the fit is right on.
B00B7LUG00 Three Stars The cloth fabric sides ripped the first time I used them playing street hockey.
B00B7LUG00 Fits well, Feels Good They're very comfortable. I usually add those gel insoles to all my shoes, but with these I didn't need them. They're also well ventilated so they don't get too stinky.
B00B7LUG00 Ok so far I have only ran about seven miles with these shoes so far, and they seem to be OK.  The shoe itself it pretty light, but sadly I was hoping for a little more in terms of shock absorption.
B00B7LUG00 Sneakers Puma snearkers just like it pictured.  They are good.  Not mch to say... It is what I ordered and new condition.
B00B7LUG00 not as beautiful as i think a little regret to buy, but does not mean it is bad or worse, just not like it , not because of the quality.
B00B7LUG00 Thanks Thank you love themThese are the nicest fitting shoesIt was a life saver to find these shoes again
B00B7LUG00 Good one I really love the color and the comfort. Its properly ventilated, feels light, grippy  and gives a constant urge to run. Downsides are - it does not feel robust. I always get a feel of ripping it off when I bike or kick something. It has been a week so far and no problems yet.  I'm using it in Colorado and this is definitely not water proof and not good for a snowy/rainy day. Its like an expert and serves the purpose its designed for.
B00B7LUYFC Love them Shoes can be tricky when you buy them on line, but these worked out for me. I run and do a lot of cross fit and these take the beating. They have good cousin and I think they look pretty cool. The price was what sold me on the originally, but now that I have them I would have been willing to pay a little more for them.
B00B7LUYFC Puma.. Puma is number 9, ussualy, all others shoe, is numer 8.5 for me,europian 42.Quality is extra, model is great, i am happy!
B00B7LUYFC Rough The composition material on upper part feels like rubber making the shoe uncomfortable to walk because it digs into your foot .
B00B7LUYFC Puma's never dissapoint! I wear a 13 shoe and their 13's are always the same fit no matter what model I get. That is perfect when you order online and fear if it will fit or not :)
B00B7LUYFC If you want to train right..... Vibrant color! Exceptionally light weight! Durable climatic shoe! Price is right! Never worry about cars seeing me again! Traffic cones on your feet!
B00B7LUYFC Comfy The shoes are a little more spacious and comfortable, easy to slip on, and easy to walk on and stand in for long periods.
B00B7LV8V6 All-Rounder These are very comfy. I initially bought them to use as athletic flats for my school's sports season - I don't like wearing regular sneakers all day - these were ideal. They are extremely comfortable, and I could just pop them off easily and put on slippers if I wanted to.Now I wear them anywhere I feel, and they look great with skinny jeans.Con: If you want a heavy-duty shoe this is not it - the sole is soft.
B00B7LV8V6 Horrid It's hard to describe these but all I can say is that they feel like paper on your feet. I returned them immediately.
B00B7LV8V6 super comfortable, easy fit flats I usually struggle to find flats because the back of most shoes rubs against my heel. For a while, I was wearing leather flats with elastic around the edges, which helped with fit, but was uncomfortable for walking more than a couple of blocks. I needed something more casual that I could use to walk 1-2 miles/day to commute to and from work. I bought 2 pairs of these flats and love them. The fit is very comfortable, sort of like a slipper, and I've received several compliments on the look. I'm not a huge fan of the fabric, though; it's basically mesh, which is obviously not water resistant when outside, and the material isn't very breathable, meaning hot feet when inside. Regardless, these are some of my favorite shoes for casual wear.
B00B7LV8V6 Great fit Fit is excellent, I can walk all day. Easy for traveling, style with everything...I love to style.Airport removal was very easy & convenient.
B00B7LV8V6 Too small and uncomfortable Its too small and is not at all comfortable. I have tried 3 different sizes. The color looks great but not worthy to buy if you have to use these shoes and stand long hours.
B00B7LV8V6 :D!!! I work in a waterpark and these are great I never slipped once and the material didn't give me any blister like all my other water shoes!
B00B7LVA8C Happy with my purchase. I was very satisfied with my purchase it fits on my feet as I wanted and I am thinking of buying another color.
B00B7LVA8C Awesome Shoe that Looks Great with Everything! I loved these shoes! Fit and looked amazing until I lost them; Long story haha. Definitely worth purchasing :)
B00B7LVTOC GREAT STYLES GREAT LOOKING,,, PRETTY COOL... SNUG FITTING,, LOVE THEM ,,, ALSO MADE WELL , BETTER THAN A LOT OF THOS ENONSENSE LOOKING NIKES
B00B7LVTOC Awesome twist on an old classic I've owned at least four pairs of GV and these special edition ones are a great new twist on the original.
B00B7LXC4M A little too shiny These shoes fit quite well in accordance with the size that I ordered. The toe box is round enough for my slightly wide foot. I love the platform bottom which gives height without walking on a slant. The outside is a little too sparkle-y for me, so I am reluctantly sending them back.
B00B7LXC4M super flashy and pretty these sneakers fit perfect and feel great when you walk in them. I'm really glad i bought these they are fashionable and comfy what else do you need?
B00B9QGDKU Good shirt My nephew liked this shirt.  It is a cool graphic, and was constructed well.  We hope he likes it as much as we did!
B00B9QGEU4 Practic t-shirt A good product. I can say that a t-shirt for my teenage son, is a garment that can not miss in the closet of any teenager uses it for everything.
B00B9U910U Very Comfortable and light. These glasses fit my head perfectly and are so light that a person can forget they're there.  I really like the color of the frame and the lenses are perfectly dark(mirrored).  The nose section of these glasses are soft enough to not leave marks on the nose, yet firm enough not to be "floppy".  I can slip them a bit from my face while exercising (so they don't fog up) and they stay put and still feel great.  The only improvement I can see is the nose section of these glasses are white and reflect off the inside of the lenses when sunny outside.  Makes it appear there is a constant smudge on the lenses.  I cleaned them 3 times before I realized it was the reflection.  Also, I would suggest adding a bag type storage to this purchase.  Otherwise, I would recommend these glasses.
B00BAO96O6 It looks great and didn't take too long to figure out the ... I've gotten a few compliments on this watch and have only had it a week.  It looks great and didn't take too long to figure out the settings.  It's quite thick so check out the side view to see if it's what you want.  I like it and haven't noticed much of a difference from some of my other big watches.  My only gripe is that I have to wear it on the second to last hole in the strap and I don't think my wrists are that much larger than average.  So far so good!
B00BAO96O6 Instructions not in english My husband loved this watch.  but the only problem we had was that the instructions for programming it were not in english.  SO some time was wasted in figuring out how to set date and time and we eventually had to look online to find an english version.  Overall, it's a good product though
B00BAO96O6 Cool.... It matches my husband's Puma gym suit perfectly and it is very light he really likes all the cool extra's!
B00BAO96TG Woman's Puma activity tracker I love it! The only complain I have is the pedometer sensor seems to be very sensitive with movement and might count more steps than you are actually taking. Otherwise, great watch for multiple purposes.
B00BAO96TG Inaccurate and bulky Not only was this watch inaccurate on steps, bulky and unattractive the price tag on the item read $50.  When I paid $65.  How insulting.  Sent back.Update. Do not know how this review was selected at 5 stars. Thank you to KET for pointing that out. But no need for fowl language directed at me.
B00BAO96TG Magnifying Glass Required The pedometer display is readable except for the tiny display in the upper right that designates what you're looking at, ie mi, cal, etc.  The instructions are also in very small print and not at all complete.  To make it worse, the website does not have a users manual for this product. If they do, I couldn't find it!  Given another chance, I would choose something else.
B00BAO96TG Awesome pedometer watch Wish there was a men's one to give brother...But this is perfect for me! Steps are counted accurately and motivates me into getting healthy
B00BAO96TG complicated I loved it and it did sooooo many things BUT it was just too high tec. for me and I sent it back.  Jan
B00BAO96TG USELESS AS A PEDOMETER Can't figure out how to make it work, in spite of following the directions.  Never has measured my steps anywhere nearly accurately or at all!  Maybe  a broken one, but not confident enough in that to return it.  Requested more directions, never arrived. Keeps time however, but useless as a pedometer. Beeps erratically.
B00BAO96TG Pedometer Botch! It fit me but that about the only good thing.  Just like other reviews say it's horrible at counting steps (for example I was washing my hair and somehow managed to do 150 steps).  The funny thing is while walking it tends to stop counting.  The screen broke on day two when I accidentally hit it against a wall because it is so bulky.  What a crappy product for the money.  Buy something else.
B00BAO96TG returned right away! Product is huge! It is larger than my husband's GPS watch. You manually have to tell it when you are walking and when your not so using this just to count your daily steps is annoying. Any little arm or hand movement makes the pedometer increase when you are in walking mode. I got over 400 steps by sitting here typing this review! Stick to a cheaper regular pedometer that is ore accurate.
B00BAO96TG not what expected Not what I hoped for.chime rings even when turned off.wrist band uncomfortable .I do like it is waterproof and the color
B00BAO96TG Amazon search and Puma say it's waterproof - guess what - it's not Oh, you can wear it when washing your hands.  But I want something for swimming.  This shows up as an option.  And when I received it - you can't swim in it.  I'm angry with both Puma and Amazon for wasting my time
B00BAO96TG Okay Not what I was looking for at all. It did not calculate the calories like I thought it would. I wanted for my workout, I wore it and it did not calculate them right at all. I was very sad to see if not work.
B00BAO96TG HARD TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS The instructions are so tiny I am unable to read it to find out how it works and how to set it up.
B00BAO96TG PUMA For Me Love it. Able to read the numbers (71yrs old). Easy to operate. Fashionable to wear all the time. Will buy more products as price was right.
B00BAO9876 Simple and elegant Sporty type but class, minimalist. A little heavy but it feels good. Perfect for men with normal or thin arms.
B00BAO98FS Looks good, feels cheap The strap SUCKS!!!! It got dirty and dark on the first 2 days of wearing it normally, no extreme conditions, anything...I have tried everything, the dirt won't come off...I don't recommend it at all...I don't use it anymore after 3 months because it makes me look like an uncaring person.The plastic of the actual watch feels really cheap.Worst experience ever...not a quality item.
B00BAO997A Better than what you might expect from a company known for footware or athletic gear. I've bought a few Puma watches. They look nice, work well, and are inexpensive. Not much more to say. But they are nicer than what you'd expect. Not just a shoemaker slapping their logo on a piece of crap.Happy with this purchase.
B00BAXWTT6 returned the shoes I have not heard of the company Shoebacca has  received them but they should have by now.  They were a little small and I really did not like the look once I put them on.  I returned them in the same box and they had no wear.  I had really hoped that they would have worked out.  If you can, can you notify me if they have been received and when the credit would be applied to my account.  Thank you.  Bea
B00BAXWTT6 :( :( Wrong side Come in :(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(
B00BAZGA8A Best childs athletic shoe ever These are by far the best athletic shoes my daughter has ever had. Very flexible, light weight even compared to other Puma's I've purchased for her. She loves the color and fit. The strap is easy to use and it allows more flex to easily be slipped on, so much more than any sketchers!
B00BAZGA8A 5 out 5 Shoes matched the picture shown. Very bright but size does match up to a perfect fit. Would buy them again.
B00BAZGA8A Christmas gift Our grand child adores pretty pink shoes, sparkles and comfort. She was very happy to receive it.She wears it often.Thank you
B00BAZGA8A Order a couple of sizes larger Sent back for 2 sizes larger and it fit my daughter well. Really we'll made. Kids will need help the first couple of tries sliding the shoe in.
B00BBATXSS adorable set sizes are truefit my daughter perfectly and is really an adorable and comfortable setshorts are a good length, as well
B00BBXN0RK Runs true to size The size 4 fits my daughter perfectly. She is four years old, about 32 pounds and about 39 inches tall. It's nice quality and will work perfectly for her soccer practice or as an everyday outfit. I would totally recommend.
B00BBXN0RK adorable set this is an adorable set that my little one just lovesthe shorts are great length and the colors are bright and vivid
B00BBXN0RK Terrific outfit Bought this outfit as a birthday present for my granddaughter, she loved it.  The fit was perfect, stylish, well constructed and washes well.
B00BBXN0RK I love the fit Its very nice good price last a long time pump clothes are the best fitting clothes l will be ordering more pump clothes
B00BBXN0S4 Adorable. I love this little outfit.  It is even cuter than the picture. These little guys can cost up to $40 or more so I was quite pleased with my purchase. Awesome
B00BCI9LWC Print coming off My daughter loves these shorts. She has worn them about three times now. We just noticed that the print in the seat area is starting to wear off. I do not put clothes in the dryer for the simple fact that I know it can ruin the decal on the clothing. This is a disappointment in my eyes. I just wish that when a consumer is paying $20 or more for a pair of shorts, that they would hold up for at least six months.
B00BCI9O0G just what we were looking for My daughter had outgrown a smaller pair of silky puma shorts that she loved.  These shorts are soft and silky and just what we were looking for.  Service from this seller was perfect.
B00BCIA6S0 golf skirt brought this for my 10yr old, it really fit her well and looks very stylish and cool for playing golf...at a fraction of the price
B00BEEJBC4 Son's favorite shirt Even though this is a summer / exercise shirt, my son is wearing it year round with a long sleeved tee under it.  Colors are bright and no fading in the washer.  The fabric is thin but durable.  Almost a mesh fabric but not see through.  The puma is raised and a little puffy - seems to be standing up well to washing and wearing.  Great shirt!
B00BEEKP74 Perfect Perfect fit and material is soft for my toddler.  This was much cheaper here versus the puma site.  Love the shirt
B00BEEOODU One of his favourite outfit for indoor sports On the days when my son attends his weekly sports programme, he'll go for either one of his Puma outfit sets.He loves the feel of the polyester and the stretch-capable material doesn't hinder his swings and runs.Every now and then, he checks on me to see if there are other designs which may interest him.He is 4-and-a-half and 107cm tall .
B00BEEOPSY it still looks awesome on the kid Even though this fits a little larger than other 3T outfits, it still looks awesome on the kid! It has been worn many times since I purchased it and it has kept the colors and fit even after being washed and dried in a dryer.
B00BEEPE4S very cool bought 2 for our fast growing 7 yo twins and they've seamed to have forgotten about the rest of their clothes. Colors look a lot better then in pictures  and stripes are somewhat reflective, kinda like a 3M tape on some athletic clothing. Super happy with purchase and even matched  it with Pumas running shoes Voltaic 3V, though I purchased those from another site for little less (they were on sale there).
B00BEIOZAI Puma sneaks So far so good. These are the most light weight sneakers I have ever bought. Very comfortable. We will see how long they last.
B00BEIOZAI got unespected shoes don't look black in the picture. I expect some gray instead black, this is not for what I pay. Show better pictures,
B00BEIOZAI Lookin good! Fun stylish sneaks. Great for the price. Came with a set of blue laces and one single orange lace. I'm guessing the other was missing or it was suppose to be some Punky Brewster kind of style.
B00BEIOZAI Great comfortable and stylish They are really comfortable I was actually surprised how comfortable.  I also like that there stylish as well? Just buy them go ahead
B00BEIOZAI Cool shoe Feel light but they are a little loud walking around my top floor apartment compared to my Nikes. I like them though.
B00BF2YS32 Not bad for sport In hands looks much worse then in the picture. But not bad for sport. I swim in the pool with it.
B00BF70ARK Love Great material and quality and even cuter than the pic! A+ Perfect for hot summer weather. Would def buy again!
B00BGU3U6Y i love them they are very nicethey are also true to sizethey feel so comfy!just not for wearing on bad weatherfast shipping tooi'm pleased.;)
B00BHHL2JI Superb! Nice quality chronograph watch. I bought this for myself but ended up giving it away to my kid bro because i have a thin hand. This makes me sad...really sad
B00BK29YRC puma girls  mesh drapery tank lovely item,cant wait to purchase again,item arrived properly packaged,will purchase again great colour and choice will recommend others! my daughter cant wait to wear
B00BK2A85Y Small Hole right infront I expect this top to be big & I really like the color combination. However, I m terribly disappointed, as I discovered a hole right infront of the top!!!!!!!!! I cldnt return it as it was a international delivery... I m not sure if I will let my daughter wear it as although it's a small hole but it's right infront.. What a waste..
B00BMTXV36 Got holes in the toes after only wearing them 3 times... They are cute.  But they did not hold up.  They did not last even a few weeks.  He wore them a few times before the toes gave out and were useless.This was unfortunate.  I am still searching for socks again.
B00BNA59D4 excellent item the item is very nice;but too large for my small wrist returned item packaged very nicely in very sturdy box
B00BOZAW6W Wedge sneakers Love my wedge sneakers ! Wedge sneakers are wearable for any age for women!  Sexy and comfort. It makes u smile since it makes u feel tall!
B00BOZAW6W Luv my new kicks It's not wide width, so it squeeze just a lil! Very comfortable, goes with just about everything. I like it
B00BR2RVTI i liked it I bought this for my husband he seems to like it i like the look of it and would buy again no complaints...
B00BR2RVTI Puma's Best T-shirt This is without a doubt the best designed t-shirt that Puma has ever made. Completely a different but awesome detail and unique. I get positive looks and the fit is perfect.
B00BSYJKNA Big boy pants for our little guy Our six year old son left cartoon undies in the dust when he saw these cool briefs! Red stitching is very sharp, great fit
B00BVYTZLO Okay Sockies These are not top of the line but good enough. I just bought them to match my new sneakers. Enjoy.
B00BX6YCFO Goog Fit large in my daugther but she is happy because like it and the style and color is excelent, no problem because in a few months the shorts fits good.
B00BYDZR7I puma ferrary This item is great, and its worth is price, its really cheap. I would recommended without dout. I love it. Just what i was looking for.
B00BYGV7GU TINY TINY TINY These were basically toddler size. I wear a 4 in boys and could not get one of my toes in these socks even though they are supposed to fit me. Oh well.
B00BYGW8NG Great Quality These are decently thick socks.  It should take my 10 year old at least a few months to start wearing holes in them.  And as anyone raising a pre-teen boy knows, that is all you can ask for.  Size is as promised.  He is on the low end of the size scale so they are slightly roomy, as they should be, but they don't bunch in a way that will make them uncomfortable as he feet grow.  Daily, it seems.  You'll be happy with this product.
B00C1LN7ME Beautiful design and sewn I love PUMA but it's difficult to find my size. this particular design caught my attention and when I tried it on, it looked perfect but a little bit tight for comfort.
B00C1LN7ME Puma review My son saw this shoe in two retail outlets but they didn't have his size.  Amazon had what he was looking for at a better price!
B00C1LN7ME Great purchase I thought I may have to give up some comfort for style. These fit better than I had expected. I am very happy with my purchase and with using Amazon.
B00C1LN7ME Fell Apart Bought this shoe because it was the only size 14 available locally. Started falling apart after 2 weeks of light/moderate daily use (yes it was waterproofed also). The sole split from the shoe starting at the toe.  Neither puma or the store I bought from wanted anything to do with me when I tried to get it replaced. Neither of them will see my business again.  I will try posting pictures of it to this product page but basically after a month and a half of ownership this (far from cheap) sneaker is completely useless.  I tried adding some superglue to buy a few days to find some size 14 adidas to replace them. Save your money these shoes are comfortable but built terribly!
B00C25LTMY Very cool blue retro 80s shoes. Very cool blue retro 80s shoes. Love the blue color. actually bought two of these in blue and one in green.
B00C5UN1C2 PUMA Suede Sneakers+Classic Shoes Men's -- Is True to Size As Advertised! Before I ordered these Suede Classic Sneakers, I read numerous reviews.  Based on reviews and mention that these sneakers ran small, I ordered a larger size which was too large.  I then ordered the correct size; the Seller and Amazon were extremely helpful in assisting me with the return process.  These are classy, well-fitted, reasonably priced, quality, and a choice of various colors offered GREAT Sneakers.These sneakers are true to size, as advertised by the Seller, and look better in person than in the picture. I purchased them for my son, who receives numerous compliments at work and when socializing regarding his PUMA Suede Sneakers.  The delivery was prompt, and packaging was excellent.  I was impressed with the company's speed of service, and customer service assistance for customers.  The sneakers also come in a variety of various colors, and two shoe-laces are included in the package to inter-change daily/weekly if customer desires for a change of style.I would definitely purchase from this Seller Company again and in the future. I would recommend this company to anyone who would love a comfortable, classy, well-fitted, and reasonable priced, as well as choices of various colors offered in the PUMA Suede Sneakers Classic Shoes.
B00C5UN1C2 Compliments everywhere I purchase these to add some color to my look.  I've been getting compliments everywhere I go.  Was hesitant on ordering Puma as their design is amazing but their comfort is questionable.  Growing up in the 80's and wearing them the first time around I figured they were a safe bet and I was right!  Very comfortable!
B00C5UOFS6 Clean look Clean look, arrived super fast and in perfect shape. I am not a runner but stay fairly active and these are light and fit like a glove.
B00C5UOFS6 Fits like a Glove to much so! I like them but seems that they are off center and the left heal rubbed like hell on the left upper heal. But other then that I like them.
B00C5UPKT4 What is up with the weird upper? The material changes around the ankle. What????
B00C699NTC cheap cheap cheap not the same puma,s I used to know ,,ill stick with my sketchers,,when I took them out of the box that was my first impression,,sendng them back
B00C6AGMZ4 I looks and feels great I got this yesterday, one day ahead of delivery time, awesome. They look as picture, even better when you wear them.  Over all it was good buy for me.
B00C6AH8J8 Stunning and comfortable They look stunning and are extremely comfortable! I got it on sale for ~$35 so quite satisfied with this purchase
B00C6AH8J8 Euro Vacation Shoes I really love Puma style; sometimes they are a bit extreme like these, but for a vacation in Spain and Portugal, I tend to go out of my comfort zone. And these are great! Not sure why we Americans are so afraid of bold fashion, but I am trying to get past that. When in Europe, you see more people not afraid to wear bright colors. These are perfect with jeans and shorts, they really make a statement.
B00C6AH8J8 love the fit of puma For some reason, I've always shied away from the brands (nike, reebok). These pumas just conform to my feet like no other shoe.
B00C6AIR2U TO SMALL TO SMALL ALL AROUND, SENDING THEM BACK. THEY LOOK LIKE A WOMENS SHOE. TO BAD YOU DONT SELL REEBOK, LET ME KNOW
B00C6BOILS Good looking and sturdy Got this from Puma online store since around one year and I am still using them today pretty frequently. Got the white version and love them.
B00C6BOILS Shipment is taking forever I ordered the shoes on April 3rd and they said they would be here latest by today April 12th and now i check the status and it changed to Aprill 17-22nd thats som BS straight up >:-/
B00C6BOILS Too much swag I love this shoe specially because of the velvet finish. It has a neat and clean look with jeans or shorts.
B00C6BPP10 Excellent I liked too much these sneakers, I am thinking about to buy another ones.I like puma brand. ;) :)
B00C6BPP10 It's a little snug The show fits a little snug at the toes.  It might also be more noticeable due to the harder material at the toe which hasn't been broken in yet.
B00C6BPP10 My favorite pumas These are excellent sneakers for both fashion and for fit. Now that they are broken in I wear them to the gym quite often and they are holding up great.
B00C6BPP10 Oops I accidentally  ordered a men's size 81/2 instead of women's and they still fit fine. That may say more about me though than the shoes. This is my 3rd purchase of Puma sneakers and I love them and I'll be back for more!
B00C6BPP10 Sizing Issue I bought another puma of a similar design and though that one was a bit tight in the fit, this one was very tight....PUMA needs to work in their consistency in this area.
B00C6BTJUS Awesome sauce! Awesome sauce!
B00C6BTJUS Look better in the picture Look better in the picture.  One of the things when you have size 13 and above. you cant judge the by the picture.  you have to have them on your feet.  They look real silly on my big feet.But.....So comfortable and fit great!
B00C6BTJUS Overall great shoe I am very satisfied! Everything is perfect except that the front toe area is a little shallow and my big toe presses up against the top. Received the item sooner than expected, amazing customer service as usual!
B00C6BTJUS My wide foot I was looking for a Puma with a bit more formality, something that I could get away with at work (semi-corporate). The styling of the shoe is great, but the sizing is wrong for me. I've got the EL ACE twice before in an 11.5, and it's a perfect fit. For some reason on the EL ACE 3 an 11.5 isn't big enough for me. I've tried to work them in, but the rubber band that now reaches to the sole of the shoe, doesn't stretch and hold that expansion. It bounces back, so working them in isn't working out for me. I can fit it, but not necessarily comfortably.
B00C6BUJDY Luv them Fits as I expected  ..... Feels good & I just luv my new puma wedge reptile shoes ... A great buy
B00C6BUJDY Awesome!! These sneakers are super comfortable and very stylish. I am already thinking of ordering them in a different color. Not to mention they made me a little taller:)
B00C6BUJDY Pleasantly surprised. I ordered a size larger to have room for arch inserts, but they fit perfectly without the inserts.I am very pleasantly surprised at the comfort. Even after 4 hours on my feet, they were super comfy and supportive.I really like these shoes!
B00C6BUJDY Crazy, Sexy, Cool Can't wait to rock theses this spring or when all this snow in Michigan melts. Haute, hot, hot wedge. Satisfied with purchase.
B00C6BUJDY Awesome shoe and very comfortable I love this high-top and got some good comments from others.  Just like what everyone was saying, this high-top is very comfortable to wear.
B00C6EVI7M Exactly what I wanted! This is a perfect casual, sporty, but hip slip on.  Looks great on the foot.  Very comfortable (with MINIMAL break in).  I always wear a size 7 Puma on my 61/2 feet.
B00C6EVI7M Puma flats Fit perfect, very comfortable.  Bright pink ribbon on the toe matches my bright pink leather purse and the pink book cover for my Kindle!
B00C6EVTUS snug fit love the leopard print and bright fushia but they fit a bit small I normally wear an 8 but 8.5 fit snugly
B00C6EW87G Perfect! I ordered these in two different colors because I love them so much! They are perfect to slip on and go.  I also wore them for a shift at the hospital running around all day, and they worked really well.  Not much cushioning or support if that is what you need.  Many, many compliments!
B00C6EW87G Uncomfortable, thin sole, and part of sole not waterproof. I'm a veteran high-heels wearer and wanted something comfy but a little cute for walking my dog.  These are not the right shoe.  They are uncomfortable -- they caused actual pain for the toe next to my big toe -- they're a little short and the shape of the end of the toe box is a weird smooshed to the side almond shape which ended up crushing the 'index toe?' up against my big toe.  They have very little padding and a thin sole -- I can literally feel the aggregate in aggregated concrete under my feet.  I guess that would mean they make you feel like a Princess, in the sense that I feel like the Princess from the Princess and the Pea because I can feel any little piece of gravel, tiny twig, or, I would assume, a frozen pea through the sole of these shoes.  The instep of the sole is not the same material and is not joined well enough to the rest of the sole, so I ended up with damp socks through the sole of the shoe.  An insole helps the thinness of the sole, but not the smooshing problem.I didn't feel these looked cute either, but I suppose that's subjective.  If I had a pair of high heels that hurt this much and had this many problems, I'd think there was something wrong with them.  I'd rather walk my dog in heels than these.
B00C6EW87G Returned for exchange I had to return for exchange as they were too small.  They are really attractive - I hope they are comfortable.
B00C6EW87G samll my size is 5.5, this one should go to 6.5-7. my toe are squeezed. but it is very light .
B00C6EW87G Not slip-ons, need to be tied. Runs 1 size small. Like all the other reviews recommend, do yourself a favor and order a whole size up. I wear between an 8.5 and a 9 in Pumas typically, but per the other reviews I ordered a 9.5. Glad I did because they fit just as expected now with socks on. Like other reviews also mention, these are perfect for casual walking around or working out in the gym, but I wouldn't recommend actually running in them. Otherwise, lightweight and comfortable. I like them.One big disappointment I have though, these are **not** slip-ons as advertised. Based on the pictures and the description, I thought the &#34;laces&#34; you can see in the photos were elastic bands, just like my Merrill slip-ons have. Nope, these are actual laces that need to be tied. How does that make the shoe a slip-on?! I bought these for exact reason that I wouldn't have to tie them. Guess I have to figure out a way to tuck the laces in without causing discomfort to make them true slip-ons.... If that doesn't work, they're going back.
B00C6EW87G These Rock Huge Puma fan. Loved the color, the style which is slip on and comfort. They hug your foot nicely and feel like a slipper they're so comfortable.
B00C6EW87G Puma sneakers I am a pretty consistent size 10. These seemed a tiny bit short.The blue color is pretty bright. I can wear them, tho.
B00C6EW87G I am very satisfied! Quality and comfortable! incredibly light! Color in life even brighter than the photo! Impossible to watch without a smile - just raise the mood only of its kind!
B00C6EW87G Too lightweight Felt like I'd feel every pebble I stepped on but I did love the bright blue color. I ordered the 8.5 & 9 & neither fit me...one slightly short & the other too long:(. Had to return them.
B00C6EW87G Better looking than fit. Not enough foot support. Outer soles style without  arch area made the shoe roll out to outer  side of foot.A bit wide in fit and again like most styles today, the lift in toe area causes foot problems for me.What makes manufacturers think a lifted toe area is a healthy design? I wish this ends soon. Big difference between lifted toe area and a thicker sole with the curved up toe so to hold foot in natural position. These designs have caused foot problems that are irreversible.
B00C6EW87G Comfortable but no support Fashionable, comfortable but no support
B00C6EXR76 Exchange The size we ordered turned out to be 7 american instead of European so if it possible we would like to change it to 6.5 american.
B00C6FBWX6 omg! the color so bright hate it I im not happy luv the design its just the color!.....................the picture is looking good but in real is too bright!
B00C6XSH4K Cool shorts Very well made and cool looking. My grandson is an average 9 year old and the shorts were a bit big. We'll save them for next year.
B00C6XUJA0 Blue pant outfit These are good quality and fut well.  Our little guy will be able to wear this outfit for a long time.
B00C6XUJA0 Puma boys outfit For the price this outfit was a steal! Fits great and materiel is not cheap feeling.  Bought it in all the colors/styles they have!
B00C70PMOU Like it Like it
B00C70PMOU and looks cool, too Bought this to silk screen for a client. Fit perfectly, and looks cool, too!
B00C70PMOU Son loved it! Great purchase...fast shipping....I highly recommend this jacket for any parent looking for a combination of style with value for money spent!
B00C70PMOU PUMA - Kids Boys 2 - 7 It turns out the sizing is an issue again, my grandson is 7 and this would fit him at 14, however I have put in the cupboard to give to him at a later stage.  thank you.
B00C70SL3E Please remember this 'pants' is for kids 7 yrs old range. I purchased this and still wondering about the size because it says 2-7 yrs old.Still, I purchased small size. My son is turning 6 yrs old and this is VERY BIG.Feels like kids who are 7 or 8 yrs old might fit.
B00C70SL3E XL is HUGE! The pants seem to be of good quality and price. They are listed at size 2-7 which i assumed was a childrens size. The XL would fit a 12 year old. Had to return them.
B00C70T3W2 It fits! I was glad to see this fits my 18 month old. Just like anything you don't know for sure until you open it up. It's just right for him and he has some room to grow. My son is tall and lean.
B00C70T3W2 Adorable Every little boy or girl will look great, athletic, comfortable and warm in this outfit!  It holds up well and still allows children to be very active.
B00C70T3W2 puma` Seems kinda small buts its okay. The clothes are very nice in fabric an d the logo on puma is also okay
B00C70VXMU Even better in person! This is a really nice quality outfit (which we paired with the light-up puma sneakers).  The colors and material are even better in person.  My son is five (46 inches tall, 43 pounds) and I ordered a size 6.  The fit was great. I was worried about not having an adjustable waist - since he is thin - but the pants are perfect.  The jacket seems a little loose but I am pleased we have room for layers...and I am glad he will be able to wear it for more than one season.  I am definitely pleased with the purchase.
B00C70VXMU I recommend this produt. I really like the colours, material. Fits as expected.I recommend this produt.I always buy tricot sets for my 2 kids and I really like Puma ones.
B00C70ZJF2 ONLY PANTS HE WEARS. THESE RE THE ONLY PANTS MY 5 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WEARS.  WISH THEY WERE A LITTLE SHORTER IN LENGTH.  THEY WASH AND WEAR GREAT
B00C70ZRX6 Puma Kids Boys 8-20 pants Wonderful pants. The child was so excited. And got a shirt to match. What a good prsent for a young boy.
B00C70ZRX6 Odd color Great fit for my thin 8 year old, colors are weird though. The blue and yellow accents are more purple and neon yellow. Difficult to find shirts to match!!
B00C70ZRX6 Nice fit and styling, but a little too light weight for cold weather It was hard to tell from the description whether these pants would be warm enough for cold Seattle days.  They aren't.  Fine for fall and spring, though.
B00C72JV72 Just as it looks I bought this as a gift and is what I expected in color and size...............what you see is what you get.
B00C7GKRK8 Pills My son wore the pants for a few hours, and w/in that time frame, they started pilling and just looked horrible.  After one was, (washed according to label), even more pills developed. Waste of money, expected more from PUMA.
B00C7GKRK8 ONLY KIND I WEAR MY 5 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WILL ONLY WEAR THESE KIND OF PANTS.  THEY FIT GOOD A LITTLE LONG, BUT NO COMPLAINTS.
B00C7GKRK8 Pills when Washed The pants fit right and looked good the first wear, upon the first wash/dry they pilled and look really awful.
B00C7GKY06 Puma outfit The Puma outfit fit the 12 month old as expected.  His mom did not like thematerial but I did and he looks adorable in it.
B00C7GKY06 wrong size i only give this a 3 star rating because they sent me out a 12 mo. which is correct, but the pants are a size 18 mo. not very happy at all. the outfit is very cute though.
B00C7GKY06 Adorable but small So adorable just not as big as I was expecting a 24month size to look! Mostly likely will have to return it but stil love it
B00C7GKY06 Grab whatever and throw it in the bag! They sent an 18 mo jacket and 12 mo pants. Not happy with this purchase, especially this close to christmas.
B00C7HG4P4 Cool Shirt! I bought this shirt for my seven year old son who appreciates fine sports cars. It's nicer than most t-shirts, but still perfect for running around on the school yard in. I wash it in cold water and air dry and the shirt looks just a cool as the day it arrived.
B00C7HJN20 Bad quality Upon arrival, there were two holes, one in a pocket and one between the blue and black fabric. In both cases it appeared that the fabric was cut too short for the stitching.
B00C7IH2IQ Love this Jacket!! I bought this jacket for my grandson who is 7 yrs. old for his birthday.  I could not have been more pleased with the quality.  Very well made and looks fabulous!  I think my son liked it just as much as my grandson.  Very happy with this purchase.
B00C7IH2IQ My grandson loved it so much that he wants to wear it everyday. I loved the quality of the material.  If your child is very active, this is the perfect jacket to wear.  It is comfortable.
B00C7JXCFC Thin tank Ordered a size bigger so my daughter will be able to wear this summer!! Material feels a little thin kinda bummed about that can't wear as long.
B00C7KZHPO Soccer Shorts I bought these shorts for my ten year old daughter. They fit well, and I love the design. After wearing them three times they ripped on the side.
B00C7L1YMS Great Fit Wife loved the color and daughter loved the color and fit also.  The puma  will probably last 2 seasons before she grows out of it
B00C7L2S0U 5 yr old gift I got this as a xmas gift for my boyfriends 5 yr old daughter, She loved this hoodie because its light soft and also warm. The zipper is also easy for her to do on her own
B00C7L2S0U Fits Smaller My daughter wears a 3T, i got this in 5T and it fits perfect. So buy a size or two bigger.
B00C7L2S0U Sharp! I give this hoodie 5 stars for quality and overall looks but would only give 1 star for sizing.  Very sharp well made hoodie but had to return as sizing runs very small.  Am ordering two sizes up and in also in another color as very nice quality.
B00C7L3868 Perfect for my tiny gymnast! These shorts are perfect for my little gymnast. They stay rolled if you choose to roll them or they can be unrolled completely for a knee length look. The material is bright and a good weight and they came out if the clothes dryer looking still new. I wish they came in other colors.
B00C7L3868 PUMA Girls 2-6X Foldover Core Short I was happy these fit perfectly for my tall and thin 3.5 yr. old.  I was hoping they would fit her with room to grow being that it has an elastic band that can be folded over or not.  She needs them to be folded over for them to fit her right now.
B00C7L3868 nice comfy shorts To put things in context, my 3 year 3 months old girl who is around 40inches tall, waist ard 20inchs. Compared to her peers she is average build.This pair of shorts is a little loose but that is until I fold the waistband down once and it fits like a glove. Holds up well during playground time. Will be better if the shorts comes with elastic bands to allow tightening at the waist but at the price I got it at, I'm not complaining.
B00C7MQ3NW Birthday Gift The product was the same color and style as the picture. Better in person than what I thought it would be. Havent given it to my 4 year old- because it is part of her birthday gift- but I think she will love it! Price for a PUMA Jacket was awesome too!
B00C7MQI2S Good product Bought this for my two-year-old daughter, to go with her twin brothers green puma  jacket. It arrived on time does as advertise and they look adorable
B00C7MQI2S Lovely! Great quality, happy, vibrant colors. I bought a size 5 for a 4 year girl and it fits a little large. We are in no hurry to wear it right away, so I'm very happy with my purchase. Do recommend!
B00C7MVJEU Not true to size!! My daughters is not even 2 yet and she is average for her age and it fits her almost perfectly.
B00C7MVJEU Feed Back i bought 3T and it perfectly fit my child as expected and the picture is exact replica of what i bought.It is good material.
B00C7MVJEU Puma hoodie I love this hoodie, but recomend getting it one size bigger.... It wont fit long at my house.. Fits or seems like a 24 mo. And i bought 2 t,  other than the quality is awesome and fabric is soft and comfortable... Also washes up great! Similar fabric to under armour
B00C7MVPZS My daughters new favorite pants Fast shipping and they are comfortable fit I wouldn't mind getting them a different color as well .. Love the pants..
B00C7MZRZW didnt like the material i bought these for my daughter who is in a wheelchair, they are too bulky for her to wear and be comfortable in her chair, i didnt like the material, they snag very easy, for someone who isnt in a wheelchair they might be fine.
B00C7MZRZW waste of money I should have just went to WalMart and gotten some basic Hanes pants.  These are way overpriced and were too small:(.
B00C7OEL4I Cute top Helped with Christmas shopping.  On Amazon, I found great buys for grandchildren's needed gifts.  However, could have used better selection.
B00C7OEL4I Good fit I love this shirt!! My daughter wears this shirt all the time. It's easy to clean and doesn't shrink! I've washed it 10+times and it has maintained its color.
B00C7OJJIG Purchased two of these! This article of clothing was so well rec'd by my granddaughter I bought another.  The fit was excellent.  She like the feel and comfort.
B00C7OJMBU Great shirt The shirt fits more like a 2T. I got the blue pants and they look adorable together. Buy this shirt!
B00C7OJMBU Matches her purple Puma Pants perfectly! We got some Puma pants for Christmas and I wanted to find a shirt to go with them, well stumbled upon this and its perfect!
B00C7OJMBU cute shirt We have had this shirt for about 2 months. It fits well and comfortable. Nice shape and did not seem to shrink when washed.Compared to other shirts it type, it is better. Most long sleeve shirts fit the first time then the sleeves are to short or come up to far on stomach when washed. This shirt more than meet my expectations.Would highly recommened to others.
B00C7OJMBU good excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommended.excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommended.excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommended.excellent product what I expected I recommend, arrived on time, no problem existed not, well without any complication widely recommend
B00C7OK8WM look great on grand daughter Love how these look on grand daughter.  She is only 71/2 but sure does know when her friends like what she is wearing!!
B00C7OK8WM Great birthday gift for granddaughter These yoga pants fit my granddaughter perfectly and she says they are very comfortable. She was very pleased with them.
B00C7VDWJQ Not an oversized hoodie I bought a large because I wanted to be able to wear multiple layers under it in very cold weather. I normally wear a medium. I think this sweatshirt will do the truck but I was hoping it would be a little roomier.
B00C7VGFN6 Handsome, Well Fitting Tee! My grandson received this shirt for Christmas and is extremely pleased.  He looks GOOD in it and is very happy with the fact that it is long.  It seems to be tapered and remains close to his body without clinging.  It is a pleasure to look at him!
B00C7VHPY4 One Fine Jacket! But bigger The Size is too large. I was using a xxl Fleece jacket before. But this one is too big :( I wound recommend otherwise. The problem this product doesn't have a replacement :(
B00C7VHPY4 Super comfy Purchased this off Deal for my hubby. It fits as expected and he loves how comfy it is...even our cat prefers it when resting on his shoulders :-)
B00C7VHPY4 Wow Perfect hoodie for the cool/ cold weather. The best hoodie I purchased in a long time. I would recommend to anyone.
B00C7VHPY4 Best Hoodie Ever!! (XXL Black) Purchased a blue one in 2013 and LOVED it but was somehow ruined in the laundry machine. I loved it so much that i bought another this year. Looking to take care of this one. Great Hoodie! very warm and comfortable.
B00C7VHPY4 Comfortable and warmer than expected. Very comfortable and thickly lined.  Walked around outside yesterday evening in DFW for about 5 minutes in  a t-shirt and this Puma jacket with the temp at 32F and it held off the cold.
B00C7VHPY4 Very Very Warm Hoodie I purchased this hoodie to use for the gym during winter and I must say I am blown away by how warm it is. The material is also very soft and feels good on the skin. This hoodie is much better and warmer than my under armour storm hoodie. Puma outdid themselves with this great hoodie.
B00C7VHPY4 Solid Jacket but Overpriced I purchased this jacket as part of a lighting deal during the week of Black Friday @50% off ($37.50), which was a good value. However, at full price, I'm not sure I would have made the purchase.While the fit of this jacket is just right for the torso and sleeves, I found the hood to be a bit small - it pulls down on my head when I'm walking with my arms down. Otherwise, it's very comfortable to wear, even when used for layering. Feels nice to lounge around the apartment in this too.The jacket is sufficient on its own in 50F weather, but for lower temperatures, I would suggest wearing another layer. I wear a light to medium thick coat over this in 10F weather (Illinois) and I'm very warm. The combo could probably withstand lower temperatures, but I hope it doesn't come to that! The hood is also quite capable of keeping my ears warm despite the low temperature and wind.While the chest and hood are lined with the Sherpa material, the sleeves are not. Please keep this in mind if this is important to you. This is not a problem for me; I regularly wear a short sleeved T-shirt underneath and my arms feel fine. The lack of lining actually helps with getting the jacket on or off if you're wearing a long sleeved shirt or sweater underneath.The jacket is also very low maintenance. It's machine washable; none of the lining came off after washing, and it didn't shrink either.Overall, 4/5 stars - minus one star because it's too pricey if it's not on sale.
B00C7VHPY4 Very Warm This is a very high quality hoodie. The Sherpa lining is in the body and hood. No Sherpa lining in the sleeves. I'm 5'10&#34; 150 lbs and the large fit great.
B00C7VHPY4 Best Black Friday Purchase This is an awesome jacket, when i first got it i wore it around everywhere, the interior is so soft that people actually reach out and touch it. I live in Colorado and I have taken this jacket skiing, hiking, and promenading all  with great success. The jacket is definitely an investment at the listed price, and I bought it on sale not knowing what to expect but let me just say it was well worth it.
B00C7VHPY4 Super sweatshirt This was a gift for my son.  It has ended up being his favorite.  He says it's extremely warm and the fit is perfect.
B00C7VHPY4 Comfortable and Warm! Purchased for my brother for Christmas and he absolutely loves it!  He said it's the most comfortable gossip he has owned. He has been wearing it for a week straight. Based on his feedback I ordered one for myself!
B00C7VHPY4 Simply OK - Buy a lint roller I bought this on a lightening deal and if it was not on sale, I'd have returned it back.Reason is because it attracts a lot of lint and it's a pain to keep it clean.Looks good., (not sharp) and is very comfortable
B00C7VHPY4 Very Comfortable Soft, Warm, and Comfortable. My new favorite hoodie because the material is softer very flexible than other hoodies I've purchased.
B00C7VHPY4 It's a winner! I spent more time than I'd care to admit looking for a front opening, hooded sweat shirt that wouldn't shrink three sizes when washed and wasn't covered with advertising.  I have purchased several Puma sweat shirts and pants in the past and have always been pleased.  They fit.  They don't shrink (much).  The cuffs and waist bands work as intended.  There are many brand names that would do well by following Puma's lead.
B00C7VHPY4 Best product for the price This fits perfectly and can withstand subzero temperatures. I wore this a five minute walk in 32F temperature and didn't feel cold at all.  Selections could have been better. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to buy a dependable hoodie with a comfortable price tag.
B00C7VHPY4 Fits nice, warm Fits just right. Sherpa lining keeps you warm. Looks pretty good. I really like the way puma styles things. Yes the Sherpa lining doesn't go to the arms, but that's ok with me. I don't really notice it too much.
B00C7VHPY4 Awesome Hooded This hooded is awesome it is very well made and quite heavy in materials .it will keep you very warm on the coldest days and quite stylish.I highly recommend this hooded it is awesome jacket.
B00C7VMOKO Nice pullover This pullover is high quality. Fits as expected and feels very soft and warm. Would have been 5 stars but unsure how many washes the reflective 'PUMA' will stand up to.
B00C943QDS Absolutely Adorable! Shipping was pretty quick and the jacket is SO cute!! I would recommend this! Only weird thing was I paid like 15 for this and the day after I received it the price jumped to 32 on the site! Not sure why..
B00C943U8Y it is good! this jacket is fitting perfect, I really like it :)  people are complimenting it everyday!! I feel like I can wear it everyday
B00C9CRJAG perfect gift I bought this as a gift for my granddaughter.  She had requested it on her wish list.  She loved it.  It fit her perfectly and since then, I have seen her wear it several times.  I am very happy with this purchase.
B00C9CRQCW Fit like a glove. Fit like a glove and they're adorable. Bought them for my sister who loves yoga and she said she liked them because you could wear them out without looking ridiculous. Practical.
B00C9CRQCW Totally in love with my leggins This leggins are just as pictured, really cute and comfortable and the price is just fine. I weight 115 pounds and im 5'3 tall and the small fits me perfectly, so id say size runs equally as for must usa brands. Very happy with this sport leggins .
B00C9CRQCW they are not the best for working out-the material doesn't wick sweat Very cute, I got several compliments on these. However, they are not the best for working out-the material doesn't wick sweat.
B00C9CRQCW Encouragement to work out These are not like lycra or spandex, they are breathable but still tight and don't stretch out. The color is so true and hasn't faded after many washes :) I suggest if you are looking for some fun clothes to make you want to work out these are worth the money.EA
B00C9CUM46 Really great hoodie. My wife really loved it.  She normally a XS in most brands.  The XS was REALLY fitted.  She was able to put it on, but since it was so snug, it was a little difficult to zip up.  Otherwise, it's a great design.  Looks very clean.
B00C9IT5WK Warm and Comfy! Thank goodness these came in today because it is FREEZING! They fit perfectly, I'm 5'9&#34; and 190lbs, they're a little snug up top but that has nothing to do with the pants--that would be my uhm..err..winter pudge. But the pants are great, warm as heck! Long too, I never find pants long enough but these are just the right length, haven't washed them yet but so far so good.
B00C9IT5WK Great Pants!! These pants are awesome. They are soft and very comfortable. Love the logo and that they have pockets. The pricing is good, i got mine on sale for $19.99.
B00C9IYCWI Quality is ok.  Construction ok for work out wear This top is just ok.  The fit is fine, but I was a little disappointed at the overall quality look and feel.  The trim is a cheap satin and the over all impression is, ok for workout wear, but seems a little shoddy as far as the construction.
B00C9KJUH8 Just right! Bought it for my wife, she is a newbie runner.Since we live in Costa Rica she goes to run in the low 70s the lowest, she loved it! She said she felt warm enough but not hot at any moment and the wind didn't bother her.It is pretty light actually hard to believe it is one this fast dry fabrics but it is!
B00CAJR2NW too small i made a mistake choosing the right size  i don't know what to do with them i m movin on the 24th and dont have time for an exchange
B00CAJR2NW cute style and color, fit not good Pros: I love the style and color!Cons: runs a big large. Also, the Velcro straps are not great - they aren't attached to the other side from underneath and then loop around like most Velcro sneakers, so I don't think it will stay secure even if they did fit. Will not reorder in a smaller size because of this.
B00CAJRVII will always buy pumas My baby boy can't tie his shoes yet so these are the perfect compromise on some sporty yet practical sneakers. He thinks he is the man in these......
B00CAJSUKG ... was the floor model so it was a bit dirty on the white but we took care of it It was the floor model so it was a bit dirty on the white but we took care of it. cleaned up nice.
B00CAJT9OW Excellent product It's my first shoes internet bought. So, I chose a little bigger size than what I need. But my child will love them in a few months ago!!!
B00CAJT9OW So Bright!! Love the bright lime green color! More vibrant than shown. The shoe is lightweight and easy to put on my toddler!
B00CAJT9OW size wrong ... style is a fit! still a bit too big, but my daughter loves them and refuses to wear anything else on her feet! Be careful when ordering as we have other Puma's and this was more than two sizes too big. Amazon makes it easy to return/exchange as nneded ; )
B00CAJT9OW Try another style of Puma These shoes are cuter in the picture. They color of the shoe has a blue tint instead being black and overall look cheap.
B00CAJUT96 Great gripping shoes for the gym!  Not just for hiking. This is my first pair of Pumas and I loved it.  I bought a half size larger to make for a better fit and I'm glad I did.  As most folks have said, Pumas tend to be sized smaller than normal.These are awesome for all my workouts, especially for leg day.  It grips amazingly for leg press machines and calf raises.
B00CAJUT96 Not For Hiking I'm still breaking them in, and they've given me blisters after one wear. Other than that, they're comfortable, but there's really nothing to these shoes. Because of that, I WOULD NOT recommend them for hiking, as they have NO SUPPORT whatsoever. One wrong step on a rock or root, and you'll regret wearing these on the trail.Once they're broken in a bit more, I assume they'll be fine for around town.
B00CAJUUVS 5 I guess I ordered the wrong size, a girl of 5 years old could fit on it, my baby girl is just 3:-(
B00CAJXM0Y Very comfortable, but too large. The arch is wonderful, but because the shoe is too large, the arch is too far back.  I'm returning both pair, but have ordered replacements.  Thanks for asking.
B00CAJXZTM pretty in pink Okay wife loves her pink pumas happy wife happy life looking forward to more styles and more pink. Good purchase
B00CAJXZTM Eye catcher! These shoes are definitely an eye catcher! They sparkle and are bright colors. Just watch out for how narrow they fit as per norm with most puma shoes.
B00CAJY7SK Snazzy Sneakers The Puma Future Cat line fits squarely in the "fashion sneaker" category and should not be confused in any way as an athletic shoe. They are more or less equivalent to an upscale Converse All Star, fine for loafing around but offering none of the attributes of contemporary athletic footwear, like arch support, ventilation panels or high traction souls. But as fashion sneakers go, they are among the sleekest, with sort of a European design sensibility, as evidenced by the unconventional asymmetrical lacing (offset toward the outside of each foot). The fit is quite good, with generally soft slipper-like leather uppers. The  tongue is somewhat stiff, which some people might not like. The low profile sole offers almost no traction, and allows the wearer to feel every irregularity of the pavement.I bought the shoes to use on my bicycle which has toe clips and straps. The offset laces keep them out of the chain rings and the generally smooth contours make it easy to get in and out of the straps. The soft soles allow me to feel the ridges of the pedals which on longer rides can get annoying, but on the whole they are exactly what I wanted and have proved both suitable and stylish - they even have the Ferrari logo and a small swatch of the Italian flag on the back!I'm quite happy with the shoes, and they fulfill the need for which I bought them very well. Those needing more support, traction or ventilation would be advised to look elsewhere. These are strictly for those seeking an elegant shoe to bum around in.
B00CAJZ248 Not for me. They fit well but caused me foot and back pain. Apparently they have no arch support. I had to return them.
B00CAJZ8YM HOT Nice product.  Great lines and smooth look.  Runs small for me by one size ... really wanted to keep this item but after checking out the depth of the sole, I became a little leery of support it would offer.  Like its style, that's for sure.
B00CAJZ8YM Not Pleased These sneakers are beautiful, but they run small.  I think a more detail description would have helped.  I had to return them
B00CAJZDHY Uncomfortable The quality of the shoe is fine but I felt uncomfortable, they are tight in the front and completely loose in the heel, I tried to adjust the laces in many ways without success.I couldn't run or walk on them, the heel didn't stay in place and the fabrics on the external side of the shoes folds almost 1/2 inch when you step on (oppening the heel collar).
B00CAJZTVY Disappointed These were for my husband.  He runs about 30-45 miles a week.  Theses wore out so fast!  The soles had holes in them after 2 months. Will never buy them again
B00CAK17KU Well if you like double look You would get that attention you looking for and all the ladies like to see me in my uniform with the Puma. rooaaaar to the ladies meow lol
B00CAK38DY Not glow on me We were really excited when my daughter open her present but a week later when she put them on she complain that they were hard. We told her that it will break down and get softer but  the shoe cannot stay on her feet for more than two hours without because it will cause blisters.  they are extremely hard on her feet. i did not returned because she already wear them but it was a wasting of money and does not glow.
B00CAK38DY Was not what I expected I like the shoe, but it was to large a man's shoes. I sold them to a friend. That's why  stars
B00CAK38DY strange design I thought it was more of a barefoot shoe, but it felt very stiff and strange footbed.  Uncomfortable and larger than expected.  I had to return them which was easy thanks to Amazon Prime.
B00CAK5B0M They feel great! I'm happy with how they feel. They are very comfortable and I'm sure they are going to last a few months. Light as a feather!
B00CAK5SHS I do like them! As with many pumas though, the toe pocket feels a little funny. Overall a great shoe The chamber for the toes is a little funny. I can't quite describe how it is. Perhaps small, but predominantly over the roof more than the width of the toes.But it hasn't posed any problems over the roughly 80 miles I've gone on the shoes since purchase, at the relatively minor 1-4miles at a time that I've been running.
B00CAK67V4 Not sure how genuine this product is. Would NOT recommend. I've been buying this shoe for a number of years. I love Puma Janine Dance. I don't know what is wrong with these, but they are awful. No arch support and horrible structure lead to back pain after only a few hours on my feet. Puma Janines are great. Whatever these are, are horrid. They are pretty, however.
B00CAK67V4 Underwhelming Very cheap looking and the glitter is a lot more flashy than I would like. Maybe I would have kept them if they were 20-30 dollars.
B00CAK6FVQ Great Excellent product, I have to wear walking boot, after ankle surgery, and it's perfect for my balance, plus very comfy
B00CAK6FVQ read reviews I read the reviews which were helpful.  I can wear 8 or 8.5 and veered towards the larger which was a great recommendation.
B00CAK6FVQ PUMA Women Roma Slim Stacked Lace-UP At first I was skeptical ordering these because of the platform style, but for the price decided to try it out and so happy I did.  They are so comfortable and soft.  Love the stacked heel which gives makes it even more comfortable.  Love them to wear with jeans going out shopping or for casual dinning.Now considering getting them in other colors as well
B00CAK7S9E Perfect Soccer Cleat It looks good and perfect for playing soccer. I played with it yesterday ,it fits well and easy to run with on grass.
B00CAK9ABI Puma I have had pumas before but not high tops. They're a light shoe, pretty comfortable, and I am pretty happy with them.
B00CAK9OEQ Bought for coworker My coworker love these shoes. I purchased these for his softball team. He said they are comfortable
B00CAK9PI6 Evospeed 1.2 Shoe fits but not like i expected. Its not weaped to the feet like my evospeeds 1 maybe because i gave not broken them in 100%
B00CAK9QPS A bit tight It took a week of wearing them around the house to stretch them out but they should work out great now
B00CAKELQC Super comfortable, super lite This shoe is a real hybrid between a cross-trainer and a boot. It's lighter than almost any other shoe I have including other Puma's. The tread design seems very aggressive and well suited for un-even terrain. but un-like other hikers I have had, it sticks really well to slick and wet surfaces. Even though it appears to have a bit of a heel rise, my foot lays very level in these. So far the materials seem to be very durable despite the light weight. Abrassion and stain resistance is great. The only complaint is that they don't breathe quite enough; after a full day of wear, my feet get a little hot.Overall, these are a premium lite hiker/walking boot that are a great value and feel really good on my feet.
B00CE5MK4I color the white color was not clear white that is the only comment i have but i like puma and i bought alot from this brand
B00CE6P0H6 Highly Recommended It was exactly what I was looking for.  The color was the perfect green!!  I would definitely recommend this product.
B00CE6P0H6 Beautiful ! Yet a bit small The color was perfect! But is a bit smaller than i think, 15inch mac pc enters nicely, tho apart from that if i am not using it for a lot of things it's nice
B00CE6P0H6 Puma Archetype Backpack A simple and well made backpack.  Nice and bright.  I bought it for work, where I need to have Hi-Vis clothing on at all times.
B00CE6P4UY PUMA Men's Conductor Backpack Looks nice and should be a very sturdy backpack.  Great price for a PUMA product.  Very pleased so far with the purchase.
B00CE6P7OW Bomfortable Backpack It does seem to be a bit bigger than what you would expect, but you get really used to it. Not to mention that its comfortable to carry and stylish.
B00CE7FGWY I'm love it! Backpack arrived in just a day with no problems. It looks great and has a good amount of space inside to hold my laptop and school books.Pros:arrived fastlooks greatgood amount of spacenobody else has oneCons:material feels kinda cheapunique design on bottom does not allow to be set on floorOther than that I say this is a great buy and i will definitely buy another in the future.
B00CE8R6BC Great IPAD case I use this product for my ipad and it holds it just fine with a back pocket to hold charger I don't know why people don't like it wake up your not going to lug around the kitchen sink in this bag its a TOTE not an all purpose field back pack.
B00CE8R7SY PUMA- My new favorite Handbag! Very well made and stylish, arrived as specified and most definitely would purchase similar products in the future.  I've been using this bag for a couple moths and still looks new. I will recommend to friends and family for sure.
B00CFF5XCS PUMA Girls 2-6X Little Girl Yoga Pant Even though my 3.5 yr. old is 39.25 inches tall I knew these would run long and a little big on her.  I hoping they'll shrink a bit after washing and I can always fold over the top.  They tend to come undone when folding up the hems.  I love these pants none-the-less.
B00CFF5XCS PUMA Girls 2-6X Contrast Waistband Yoga Pant Got these for my daughter so shed have more gymnastic type pants and pants to wear over her gymnatic outfits. works great very comfortable soft fabric she loves em
B00CFF62QY fits well like it ok.. didnt match sweats i ordered with it so wont use them... kinda a drag, and wont use it
B00CIYXLRU As pretty as they looked on the picture It was a present and apparently size/style were perfect! BUT because of the material the color may wash out (sth that they didn't explain in the description)
B00CIZ6NH4 Item not as shown Item shows as blue with white leather. Arrives as purple with grey leather. Not as expected and return would be at my expense. Disappointed.
B00CIZ6NH4 Picture showed blue with white border.  Showed up as mostly purple with neon green and grey. Picture showed blue with white border.  Showed up as mostly purple with neon green highlights with grey borders.  NOWHERE did say that you would get those colors. VERY, VERY, VERY disappointed and ON SALE????? for 54+ dollars for this ugly thing??!!  It will be coming back.  I was SOOO excited and now I can honestly say that I am SOOOOOOOOO disappointed.  Live and learn but it will of course cost me.
B00CJ5PG1C Spacious. This carrysack can carry a lot of luggage.Sadly being a short person, the strings are too long and will often sag too low for me.
B00CJ5PG1C Knick Knack Paddy Whack, get yourself a Carrysack! Quite a large duffle bag. Simple and appears to be holding up well thus far (I throw gym clothes in it 2-3 times a week, and used it to throw stuff in while out of town (instead of a satchel/murse). I haven't washed it yet, so only time will tell how durable it is.
B00CJ89SCM Happy, Happy kid! This was a gift for a little girl , who suddenly became cold every day so she could wear  her new jacket to lunch to bed to everywhere and marinara sauce washed right out of it.
B00CJA364G Beware...very poor quality! My son got one days wear out of these shorts. After the first wash, they pilled terribly and he can't wear them again.
B00CJA3BEG My grandson loved it. This (and some puma workout pants) were the only items of clothing that my 'husky' 11 yr old grandson loved this Christmas.  He wore them 3 days straight.  I'd say they are a success.
B00CKMJHIC It is fine but larger than I expected If a wallet a little larger than most does not bother you this is fine, looks decent but it feels a little cheap. That said at this price I was not expecting something made in Italy.The closest this comes to a real Ferrari is the hologram. Another made in China product that is not going to last long but still neater than most $35 wallets. Big!
B00CM3EIEC Material too thin and tight Also they look larger than they are, but they are tights really, and more capris with the tight ankles also. Disappointed in the material, undies show through (not good)  they are comfy enough she wears them around the house, but if I were ome to take the time to return these, I would have.  I have left five star ratings for Puma, and this is a first for these I have not gotten what I expected for style and really missed the boat on the material of these.
B00CMODF2C I would buy it...just go up a size This shirt was so.tiny. I bought it for my niece and she was only able to.wear it a time or two. If I were to buy it again I would go up 2 sizes. Color did stay true thru washing
B00CMODOMI gift  for  grand daughter grand daughter  likes it fits  well  keeps  her  warm I would  get  another one  when  she  out grows  this  one
B00CMODOMI Hoodie This hoodie was super silky on the outside and was very shiny was my daughter enjoyed. The pink color was very vibrant and the hoodie was warm.
B00CMOE9WC Worth the price Bought for my daughter fits nicely.  Got exactly what was described. Cant think of anything that was wrong with it. It was in perfect condition.
B00CMOEJOA Puma Toddler Hoodie This is a super cute hoodie however the material lends itself to collecting all sorts of lint.  It was covered in lint the first time I washed it.  You need to wash it inside out in cold water.  I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the material it is made out of.
B00CN5B73O Top ok, bottom too long Nice material, top fits just what was stated as size 5 but bottom is way too long, more like size 6-7. Now my daughter left with unmatching set
B00CN5B73O nice looking but faulty zipper I bought this outfit for my granddaughter and she wore it a few timesbut the zipper was incredibly hard to operate.  It doesn't work at alland I just read the return policy - they only give you 30 days!Having never had to return anything through amazon beforeI am very disappointed - what if I had saved this as a Christmas gift?anyway, i'll read return policies before purchasing and am suremy shopping through amazon will be much less ! Department storepolicies are much fairer when you get faulty merchandise!!!
B00CN5B73O funny shape It was a weird fit I liked the colors but the pants were a little funny shape the legs had no room in them but had looked stretched out
B00CN5B73O Relatively thin This brand is good, but the hand clothes feel too thin, in the autumn wind, if some words, daughter of PE class will feel cold.
B00CN5B73O Requested size was wrong This is adorable however I ordered a 4T and they sent a 3t pants and a 4t jacket.  By the time it was cold outside and we got it out to wear the return policy had already lapsed.  Make sure you check the sizes right away..
B00CN5B8BA Very cute track suit, pants a little long This is an adorable tracksuit, exactly as pictured.  It is well-constructed, and the colors are very vibrant.  My daughter is a tall 2.5 year old, so I purchase her shirts in 3T.  The jacket is a perfect fit, but the pants are a little long.  I'll probably have to put in a temporary hem, unless she has a sudden growth spurt.  Overall I'm very happy with this purchase.  So adorable!
B00CN5B8BA soft and warm Great little outfit for the Fall months that are usually windy and chilly breezes. My granddaughter liked how soft it was.
B00CN5B8BA Awesome outfit Fits great on my Daughter. She looks good when she goes to gymnastics. I am super happy with this outfit.
B00CN5B8BA Puma kids When we washed the Puma kids jacket and pants, it shrunk ...  I was a little disppointed that it did that....
B00CN5B8BA To small This color scheme is nice but the 2t is small but my girl wears a 2t in clothes but this outfit is way to small I should get a free one sent of a different color
B00CN5B8BA Puma outfit Jacket fit fine but pants are too small as they do not cover her behind good so she cannot wear them.
B00CN5B8BA excellent product Fits my daughter like a glove. Great quality. well made & designed. I only wish there were more colors to choose from. I would definitely purchase more.
B00CN5B8BA perfect This is the cutest little outfit. My daughter wears this to soccer practice and it works perfectly! Wish I had bought another one!
B00CN5B8BA Puma Track Suit 3t Love this suit!!!  Fit a little big on my 3 year old but she is smaller than she should be (slightly) so I expected and she will grow into it soon. I think she look awesome in this and the colors pop which makes her happy! Great for gym class or for daycare or any play date. Cheaper than other sites I have seen online.
B00CN5B8BA Thrilled little girl. Granddaughter thrilled. Her mommy does mini marathons and GD is going to run her first race soon. Her comment when opened gift--I can wear it in my race!  A hit for sure.
B00CN5B8BA the sweater runs somewhat small in comparison with the pant, but lovely!!!! the sweater runs somewhat small in comparison with the pant, but lovely!!!! the colors are truly amazing!! i love it!!!!!!!
B00CN5BG9Y REGRETS this is the ONLY outfit i bought my granddaughter for christmas that NEVER gets worn.  i dont like it, she doesnt like it... anyone want it? size 3 never worn... well once.  it seems well made... dont like though...
B00CN5BG9Y PUMA Girls 2-6X Little Front Pieced Tricot Track Jacket And Pant Set cute, well made, nice bright colors! perfect for my daughters swim, gymnastic and dance class over wear! zipper gets stuck a bit so 4 stars!
B00CN5BG9Y Sweet sweats! Nice track suit for the 3 year old. True to size and something that you can layer with for cold winter days.
B00CN5BG9Y Pink Puma Toddler Set Ordered this for my granddaughter who is big in to everything pink right now.  Great quality merchandise that I know she will enjoy this winter.
B00CN5BG9Y comment The outfit was fit perfect before it was washed but after first wash, it got shrunk more thanI expect.
B00CN5BG9Y Very cute, but smaller than I expected. I bought this for my daughter to wear over her leotard for ballet/gymnastics. It does collect fuzz/dog hair more than I would like and it fits smaller than I expected. She just turned three but is still easily in a 2T, and this 2T fit snug and short in the arms/waist. She won't be in it long, I think.
B00CN5BG9Y not for the winter.... too thin My daughter is 3 ft 3 inches tall weighs 38 lbs at 39 months old. The top is a little too tight and pants is about 3 inches too long. If I could I would get a 6 for top and 4 for bottom but can't other then that items is ok and cute but not much of a winter type clothing.
B00CN5BG9Y track suit Love this track suit...it looks great, it launders well and it fits perfectly (however my grandchildren are slight)! Happy I bought it
B00CN5BRSE Jacket too small I ordered this puma tricot track and pant set for my niece because it looks so cute in the picture. I was so disappointed when I got it. I ordered size 4T and the jacket is way too small and the pant is a little long. No way that my 3 years old niece could fit into this jacket.
B00CN5BRSE perfect the outfit came fast. It fits well and looks great. Colors are bright and cheerful. Both  the mom, my daughter, and the recipient, my grand daughter, love it.
B00CN5BRSE Love the colors This outfits image is accurate. The jacket fits fine, the pants are a little long and seem to not have a tall enough waist. She has a really hard time keeping them up and it's not so much that they don't fit as she cant pull them up high enough. Kind of disappointed she can't wear this as much as I had hoped.
B00CN5BRSE good This sportswear pleasant, thin, soft. For the five-year-old child of a normal constitution, size 6 small. I hope this information it will be useful to all.
B00CN5BWTI Too large to wear this winter. It was a beautiful set but it was way too large for my granddaughter to wear this year.  Thank you.
B00CN5BWTI Adorable better than picture Bought two of these for twin granddaughters for purple stride walk. The color purple is perfect. Great quality. Would recommend
B00CN5BWTI very satisfied customer Love it, looks great on granddaughter and lots of compliments! Would gladly order again from this store, very happy. :-*
B00CN5C0RQ Adorable better than picture Bought two of these for granddaughters for a purple stride walk. Great quality. Perfect color. would recommend. Colors better than picture
B00CN5C0RQ Pretty, carefull with the Size It's really pretty but the pants are for girls that are skinny. If not, you should  buy a cuple sizes more.
B00CN5C0RQ really cute outfit We have had this for a couple of months. Jacket fit perfect, pants a little to big. Did not shrink when washed or fade. Nice and warm jacket, just like a sweat shirt. Pants a little thinner but made well, like yoga pants. This outfit meet our expectations.
B00CN5C0RQ Sadly I bought two set of these... I brought this in the blue/green and black/pink for our two young girls. But was very disappointed as they both arrived one beautiful almost as never touch and this one with a big black streak on the arm that took me a few times of washing before I could get it out therefore the jacket looked gently used instead of new before I ever got it to our oldest daughter.SIzes aren't quiet right either
B00CN5C0RQ The trousers is big to 4 age old girl! The size of the coat is 4, but the trousers size is 5, and the coat is very thick, pants is very thin, not a season to wear.
B00CN5CI9G not too bad the hoodie is some how tight  ,but the pant is too tall, I couldn't put them to my daughter both, this year she will enjoy the hoodie, next year she can use the pant
B00CN5CI9G amazing bought this for my daughter and it fit her like a glove. she looked like a mini adult.great size and couldn't be happier.
B00CN5CI9G strange fit adorable top top is absolutly stunning. so i read feedback and bought mainly for that. as size 6 would fit top for 5 \6 year old,but pants would have to wait till she turn 7.
B00COJYZXS Really Hip Kicks! I bought these for my man friend. We both loved the blue accent and the non-use of the color white for the sole. I detest white soles on tennis shoes. Also the design of the Puma stripe on the side has been modified.
B00CQG7EBO Great The colors are amazing, but the fabric is thinner than I thought it was going to be, I expected the lined type of fabric for the pants. The size runs a little small but the fabric won't shrink.
B00CQG7EBO You get what you pay for... This is very cheap Puma. The fabric is extremely thin, and the yellow on the orange shirt is neon. I guess I should have expected this for what I paid.
B00CQG7HR0 Easy and Stylish I love this outfit it fits perfect and is very comfortable.  Do not wash with knits or it will pill!
B00CUHK3IU Thin shirt Shirt was a bit thin but ok.  was expecting a thicker - normal cotton.Bright white and the logo was nicely displayed,  My nephew like it.  I thought a little pricey for a thin shirt.  Could have bouhgt better quality for same price at dept store
B00CVIGZ44 Future cats These shoes fit like a glove and they are awesome.  I would like to purchase more in different colors. Cool
B00CWL2EWC Love it! I wear a size 6 so I bought the 6.5 because of other reviews and it fits perfect. It goes with a lot of my leggings and they are very comfortable. The only issue I had was that one end of the Velcro attached to the shoe isn't sewn on all the way. I would have returned it but I needed them for a trip three days later.
B00CWL2EWC Super cool but I was looking for more of the wedge look. These just look like super cool hi tops. Very stylish and great quality, tho.
B00CWL2EWC Like, can't love The gold color is a little more dull yellow than I thought and the bottoms of the shoes are browner. Fit great, goes along great with the right leggings and top but I just wanted the gold to be a little more goldish.
B00CWL2EWC Shoes weren't bad These don't really make us look skinny. When I put them on, looked little bit of chubby cuz of the golden trim and these completely cover ankles. I just didn't like them and returned them but if you like a sporty style, it maybe cool. I got another from Sketchers and NineWest.
B00CWL2EWC Best Buy Ever! I have always been a fan of Puma!! The wedge sneakers are to die for! Have them in several colors!! And these were perfect to add to my collection of wedges! A must buy!
B00CWL2EWC Hot shies Love them very edgy fun shoes!!! They are actually very comfortable as well. They can go with any thing you want.
B00CWL2EWC Absolutely Gorgeous These wedges are gorgeous which they could have come out years ago.  They make any outfit dressed up. I Love them
B00CXE2S56 Michael's review nailed it. Athletic Cut. I love Puma, am 6'6", usually take large, this one *definitely* was XL for me I love the tight fitting athletic cut of Puma, and I love the quality of these America's Cup shirts. It's easily my favorite, and I am only writing a review because I came back to look for a backup.  One of my favorite shirts I have ever owned.  At 6'6&#34;, the XL is still a perfect athletic tight fit, and it's even long enough that it doesn't feel like one of those short shirts I am always trying to pull down.  If you are a bit chunkier, this might feel quite tight, I imagine.
B00CXKDQ2O its okay normally i bougth large but when i bought this time larege is too small for my son, alos the meterial is no too good
B00CXKDQ2O Well done and well padded Great for my son.loved the feel, the color and also the way it looked. Lenght is also great so we ensured it will be worn at least two seasons.
B00CZD0UJ6 Great This tank top is really comfortable and loose fitting. For someone how has ulcerative colitis its not very constricting in the stomach area which is a great thing.
B00CZD6K0E comment the tank top of Puma is very comfortable, I was looking for a similar tank top but of one only colour and the cat logo so I hope to find it soon.
B00D4KBGIS Sizing Again Material top of the line but the sizing was totally wrong wrong wrong so next time i know better
B00D4KBPOI PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Toddler Printed Perform Short, Mazarin Blue, 2T Fitted nicely for my 32mths old boy.. The material is good. Will purchase other color if available.. Love it.. Thanks!!
B00D4KBPOI Materials Materials too thick and cutting too small for my 5 yrs old boy.he is skinny and wearing 3-4T shorts.The waist is small and the length is too long.
B00D9M3CFQ Typical Ill fitting garments For the bigger than average fit male in the U.S. these clothes continue to disappoint.  Even after ordering an XXXL the fit is now ok in the shoulders but it is length for someone maybe 5'5&#34;.  They cannot get these logo shirts correct.
B00D9M3CFQ I got the small size. I thought the torso area was rather large compared to the shoulders and chest. I guess it's a modern fit? But compared to another Puma Men's SF polo, the one without the line on the front chest, that one, the torso area wasn't as large or wide as this one. And as for the area above the chest line, the texture is a little different, rough and not as soft on the inside as the torso area.
B00D9M3CFQ Somewhat small It fits somewhat smallBut it looks great hopefully ill lose some wight and it'll fit just right.Bought 2 of these.
B00D9M4L6U its a excellent product no no regrets on this product! I bought it an was a little scared fisrt time i tried purchasing cloths on the net an it fits perfect i have a 40 waist an, i bought a large
B00D9M6O9M Very Comfortable Excellent to make exercise very comfortable, They are a little more bigger than other t shirts Puma I have, the fabric is very soft
B00D9P01XO Wrong Size I ordered a size medium for my niece's birthday and when the package arrived the outer plastic package had a medium sticker on it but when I took it out to wrap it for her birthday it was actually an xtra-large! Luckily my niece liked it and was going to keep it until she grew into it but extremely disappointing I did not get the correct size that I ordered.
B00DBDVDA4 The color I got is not what I have ordered Not right to deceive a client specifically when it is purchased online this is totally incorrect not professional at all!!!
B00DBDZF3A comfy sox Deal
B00DBDZF3A It Keeps You Runnin' My daughter sent me some Puma socks last Christmas and I love them so much, I ordered 12 more pairs!The Pumas provide firm support from my calves to my toes.They feel great during my weekly 10-mile runs.
B00DBDZF3A Buying More Now!!! Love them!!!! Fit great; not to hot & not too cold working out in the cold neither. Very good buy!
B00DDE5VZY Puma outfit This outfit fit perfectly. The colors were exactly as they were on the computer very old and pretty. Great ship time
B00DDE5VZY Excellent product My son wore it the next day and the day after that and totally likes it. I will buy again for cold weather.
B00DDE5VZY puma  4year We find the jacket  in size but the trousers ( pants ) are too big for a four  year old kid
B00DDEDJ58 Beautiful but too small - 8 - 20 kids I probably should have ordered Men's; however, thought the 8-20 would cover it. It is a beautiful jacket for a reasonable price. I am just sorry that they did not offer it in Men's as well. I thought the X-Larger would fit. I was mistaken.
B00DEO5F6I fit is great and the delivery was early I'm stationed overseas, so I was reluctant to order these without it being amazon prime, but I took a chance. I ordered them 30June and they got here on the 12th, so that was a nice surprise. This is the first pair of Puma's that I have had in over 20 years, the quality has come a long way and these are very comfortable and well designed. They are actually a little bit narrow and snug with soccer socks , but they are breaking in nicely. Highly recommended
B00DFKM0AA Lovely material and looks great Although I was hesitant ordering a jacket for 100 dollars; the product when opened satisfied me to the fullest. The sleeves felt very smooth along with the body material which was slightly soft. The Ferrari logo on the left side stands out great, which receives a lot of comments whenever I wear it. The fit was nice as well.
B00DFKM0AA WOW! Too Sharp!!!! I received my jacket very fast and for the price this jacket is sharp. One of the best jackets that I have ever bought! I thought it might be small or not the right style but when I tried it on I didnt want to take it off. Can't wait to buy more Puma products from this site. Thanks for the great product and timely delivery!
B00DGQR2TM Great Quality I took a chance buying three sets (this one, blue and green)...and I am happy I did it.  This is dry-wick material...how cool is that for a 1-2 year old! Clothing made with this type of quality material always looks new no matter how many times you wash it.  Relatives and friends will be happy to take this off your hands when your tot grows out of it.
B00DHJQ39S Four! Purchased these shoes for my 2014 golf season. Ordered them in white and black but returned the black. The black looked cheap in my opinion. Wore them already when we took a trip to Fla to play some of the hardest courses in my golf career. We stayed at Reunion in Kissimmee. Back to the shoes the were true to size and very comfortable. Wish the black look better and I would be all set for this season.
B00DHJQ39S Was not the color i ordered I ordered the pink and white and instead i recieved purple with pink. I hate purple, horriable!! I sent them back the next day but since i dont live near ups i still had to pay $7.00 to ship them.
B00DHJQ39S One Star Top small
B00DHJQ39S I'm in Love &lt;3. I got the pink ones. Everywhere I go, I get compliments. They fit perfectly- starting from the second I put them on. The shoes are sooo comfortable, and the quality of the material is top-notch. Not to mention that they're super easy to clean, waterproof (light rain, dew), and the grip on them is fantastic.Stunningly gorgeous.
B00DHJQL1I A bit tight but they look amazing. A little tight, they need to be broken in. But the fit is true to size.Item arrived in about week and a half after ordering.  Item looked in excellent condition.  Satisfied with purchase.
B00DHJRKU4 Light weight for tireless round of golf. Unusual color that does not show mud stains. It is light weight, water tight and wide front for extra toe space.
B00DHLGK6C We will return. I would definitely shop with them again.  My son lives his golf shoes & says he ready for the PGA tour.
B00DKMWO2W Gems fall off The gems that make up the detail fell off after the first wash even though I washed on hand wash cycle and onside out. Otherwise the sweatshirt is very cute and will serve its purpose
B00DKMWOW2 Excellent Excellent product, very bright colors. My daughter is 3 years old is thin and you could easily stay well durale one year. I regret not buying size 5
B00DNNO3Q8 Cushy My feet have gotten very sensitive over the years and these are actually quite well cushioned in both the ball of foot and heel.  Also nice arch support.
B00DNNO40I I do not like returning things. I just wish all the sizes could be in sinc. I always buy this size, but in Puma it was real big.  I did want Pumas. I like the style and used to wear them years ago.
B00DNNO40I puma mens bioweb nice fit, comfortable, cool especially for the hot days ahead, light and cushioned, recommend it, i am a puma fan and have not gone wrong with it yet
B00DNNOCQE Horrible fit The right shoe was labeled the correct size but was very tight and painful to wear, may have been mismade
B00DNNOCQE nothing better then comfy shoe's I wore these in Jr. High now I am 54 yrs old - who says you can't go back - ok at least my feet can
B00DNNOCQE satisfied customer order for a friend of mine who was more than please with the itno complaints to report at all
B00DNNPFTC Uncomfortable and no support I bought these shoes because they looked cool not because I expected them to be the best track spike out there but I expected them to be somewhat useful. The second I put them on they started to hurt my feet, they were to wide, and with the spike plate only being on the front of the shoe it has no support. I couldn't even go over a hurdle properly with them on.
B00DNNQQSQ Look great, feel eh... Admittedly I probably bought them becuase they are cute. However they are impractical for me since I actually wanted to use them to play soccer.1. They run a tad small. Like 1/2 size.2. They have NO support. I mean completely flat.3. They are the same width down the length of the shoe so the toe box is tight but the arch area is too loose. You would think you could lace them up tighter to adjust but you can't because the laces run along the top of the foot and the eyelets are too close to one another to give you that ability.4. They are made of plastic which wouldn't be a problem if they had vents, but nope, they don't. They do not breathe at all so that's really uncomfortable during the game and practice.5. the top 2 eyelets did not come laced, and they also didn't have the holes that go all the way through so essentially I can't lace the pair I recieved. Otherwise construction was sound.
B00DNNS0XA PUMA Men's Fells Trail Running Shoe,Chestnut/Black/Bright Marigold,10.5 M.. i like puma brandand my size normally 11but i wanted to get this color Chestnut/Black/Brightand risked for size 10.5 since no size 11and im lucky it fit me also :Di like this shoesand like its colorfit my clothes
B00DNNS6ZM great shoe Bought these for my dad for his birthday. He loved them. He says they fit well and look stylish. My fifteen year old nephew asked to where them.
B00DNNSO4U What a fun shoe! Soft as a marshmallow and feather-weight  I am looking forward to throwing these in my suitcase and to taking them to Europe
B00DNNUQN2 Three Stars Not meant for cross-training.  Doesn't give much support.  I think they are more for fashion.
B00DNNUQN2 Light as air! Love these shoes.  They weigh almost nothing yet provide arch support and are extremely comfortable.  I used them primarily for walks on treadmill or outside by the beach.  Glad I found them.
B00DNNWIHO Great sneakers They're comfy and light. The look is unique and the colors stand out. Lime green is my favorite color and these sneakers are my favorite.
B00DNNYHHI Nice and light.. I love these runners. I feel as though they are very lightweight, well constructed and form to my foot very well. I have no completes as yet and probably wont. Good overall and the colors are cool man.
B00DNNYHHI hope they work for you didn't fit well, will be returning thought that the support would be as good as my puma descedents but epic fail. my bad
B00DNNZYZ2 summer treat for your foot I was looking for light walking shoes that I can wear in gym or outisde during the summer, not all-weather sneakers.These one are light, comfortable, sexy motivation to enjoy walking more often.
B00DNNZYZ2 lovely very comfortable
B00DNO0QRC Love them, but wish they made them in a 12.5 Great shoe.  I'm a size 12 and they fit just a tad bit snug.  Not to were I can't wear them, but I'd get a 12.5 if they made them.  And the liners are glued in so I can't swap them out for better insoles.  That kinda sucks.  But they are cool looking and comfy enough.
B00DNO0QRC Fit like a glove !! I received my new pair of Puma Canvas Blue/White Sneakers , and I'm as happy as happy can be !! Amazon , you have a customer for life !! Great customer service , awesome product , and shipping is always on time , if not early !! Sincerely happy customer , Troy Velez !!
B00DNO0QRC Color wash out ... I can not believe how quick these sneakers loss their wonderful color. I thought they were suede, instead they were made of some kind of denim.
B00DNU1OEA Not bad... Very thin but fits as expected. Not bad for price and looks better in person. Very small package but love the color.
B00DNU1PTO Puma - Kids Boys 8-20 My nephew loved the shirt. It was a Christmas gift. The shirt fit fine and I bought a pair of Puma pants to match
B00DOE8S9O suck I just got this shoes they look cool and all but the front tip of the shoe leather bands so easy not cool I can just cut that part with a knife I was thinking the top tip leather was going to be hard just like any other shoe smh I will never buy this type of shoes ever I will throw them away what a waste of money :/
B00DOE8S9O shoes Brother loved them! They fit perfect and he liked them! He was pleased with what I purchased and he would buy next time
B00DOE8S9O comfortable Very comfortable and easy to wear with confidence.
B00DOE8S9O Fun and stylish These are very comfortable for my medium wide foot and easy to clean to look new.
B00DOEFG4Y Retro Classic in today's world Perfect fit. I wear these every where. Also have the black and white. Just purchase the limestone grey and black. Benny classics retro style in today's world. NEED MORE COLORS :-)
B00DOEFG4Y Puma ! Very long for a 13, but not wide, very skinny. All an all fis pretty good other wise. Pretty much what you would expect &#128077;
B00DOEFG4Y Wrong color delivered I ordered these shoes in Limestone Gray for my son. When they arrived he was leaving for a trip so I just tossed the unopened box in his duffle. When he got to the destination and unpacked, he was surprised to see he had received black shoes. He didn't have a choice except to wear them since he was away so we can't return them, but next time we'll check the package right away. Fortunately they're comfortable and fit fine.
B00DOEFG4Y I have a wide foot so I like this product more than any of the other sneakers ... I have a wide foot so I like this product more than any of the other sneakers out there right now. I wore pumas when I was young and now I have gone back wearing them again.Thank You.
B00DOEGVA2 comfortable, classic look looks great right out of the box. pretty comfortable except within the first couple days of use. i noticed a bit of my heel was starting to irritate after a while of walking. as soon as the shoes are broken in (week or so) i havent seen as issues at all.
B00DOEHZXE Package was poor This is an excellent shoe. I love it. PUMA Leather Disc Cage Lux is a outstanding products, 3 colors are all good.
B00DOEOQRW Three Stars too tight on right toe
B00DOFY482 Two Stars The size is not like other brands sizes
B00DOFYPSG great shoes they look awesome in person, better than in the pic I think, they are super comfy.  My boyfriend loved them
B00DOG1Q96 Finally The first shoe bought my boyfriend did not like it at all, this was the ideal, he has totally happy.
B00DOG1Q96 Very stylish and fits very well Very stylish and fits very well..
B00DOG1Q96 Puma MotorSport shoe Simply awful shape, and so hard on the feet a block of concrete would be more comfortable. I am sending them back.
B00DOG2KMS Ferrari sandals These look great. I ordered a size 11 like i normally would and they fit perfect. I also own some jordan sandals and the adidas sandals (very happy with both). I am looking forward to breaking these in to compare.
B00DOG2KMS Great Soccer Sandal, AAA+++ The best, most comfortable soccer sandal I have ever come across, and I have owned every brand.  Once again, Puma never ceases to amaze me.  Add this to my 40+ Puma's.  So glad I bought these.  Great for around the house.  Highly recommend.=
B00DOG3UG8 Snazzy looking Steer clear if you have wide feet - If I had them in miniature I'd hang them from the rear-view mirror of my E46 M3 vert :-)
B00DOG4R2Y Perfect Ordered for my dad. Wears a 9 but since these come 1 size reduced ordered a 10 and it fir perfectly.  He loved them! Thanks puma!
B00DOG4R2Y Three Stars The size 11 is ok but it is not wide enough
B00DOJGZPI Evopower 3 are Great Cleats I had some old cleats that i was using but as soon as i bought this ones and switch i instally notice the difference they fit better the shots were with better accuracy totally worth it especially for the price.
B00DOJGZPI decent entry level cleat I've updated this review after 3-4 hours per week in these boots, and also compare them to the evopower 2.Form:Initially, my opinion was that these boots were good looking, although seem pretty cheap. Materials are an almost plastic vinyl. They weigh much less than traditional boots I've used in the past.Fit:Initially I ordered a size 11.  It was just a little bit tight on the big toe, width is actually a bit wider than I've been used to with Puma brand shoes. I exchanged for an 11.5  Normally I wear anywhere from a US 10.5-11.5 in Puma branded shoes, and a US 11-11.5 in Nike shoes.  I still feel like they are a bit small, but the difference between an 11.5 and 12 would have made them too large.  When ordering these boots, get 1/2 - 1 size higher than you'd expect.Comfort: I've developed pretty large blisters on my right heel only, in addition, I've also had issues with Plantar Facitis, again right foot only. I can only assume that its due to either the crappy soleplate (very flimsy and offers NO support, a bad fitting shoe.. or both. I replaced the insole with a pair of these:Shock Doctor Low Profile Cleat Insole.. These aftermarket insoles instantly made the boot much more comfortable and reduced my heel pain dramatically.  All being said, I'm still am having major issues with blisters on my right heel only.Function:The combo of studs/blades offers great stability for quick turns and sudden changes in speed. I don't experience "pressure points" from the cleat studs even after 1000-1500 meters of running.  The strike zone is large, and has good feel for strikes.Durability: After 7 weeks of these boots being used 3-4 hours they are holding up really well.  No tears or seam separations.  Studs still look unused so I'm expecting they will be long lasting.Over all, not bad for under $60. 3 stars because of the fitting issues, 4 stars otherwise.---Compared to the Evopower 2, for those of you trying to decide between the two, they are like two completely different animals.  The Evopower 2 boots are 8% lighter, cut different shapes, higher quality materials, fit more true to size, have better soleplates and insole cushioning, and generally speaking are much more comfortable and supportive. My advice is that you save the extra 30 bucks and get the 2's. You won't be disappointed.
B00DOJQ0D0 Two Stars Im 8 1/2 but this puma didnt fit me :(
B00DOJQ0D0 Two Stars TOO SMALL NEED BUY BIG ONE
B00DOL32BQ The ideal shoe for any pitch. Fits comforyably. Just what I wanted, I would recommend it. Its light weight,  solid base are perfect, which are good
B00DOL32BQ like i was expected these shoes are perfect, the color as same as in the web.
B00DOPGFM0 zips are usless Bought three puma tops for my kids and every zip won't connect from the start.Very poor ... I would send them back but it's going to be cheaper and easier to fix here.Maybe that's idea.
B00DOPGFM0 Soft and comfy Soft and comfy. Fits my 10 year old well.  Good for fall. Time will tell how it holds up to laundering
B00DOPGL42 Not sturdy Got these and put through the wash before my son was going to wear them.  After washing they had a small hole in the leg.  I need to return them!
B00DOPGL42 Enormous. A standard fleece sweatpant I ordered this in medium for my son, age 9 (wears size 10), following the size recommendation chart. He is tall for his age (75th percentile). Nonetheless, the pant comes almost up to his neck when I hold it up next to him. I was going to send them back, because the size was quite ridiculous. Instead, my husband (5 ft 11) decided to wear them around the house. They are acceptable as a sweatpant, but nothing to get excited about. Rather shapeless, which is not surprising--they don't look attractive. My husband said they would probably fit me, but because they are so shapeless (and bright), I passed on them. Plus, I think they would even be too big for me.
B00DOPGOU8 really good better than expected. widely recommended for teens aged 13 to 16 years old who go to the gym. for winter weather as the county definitely perfect
B00DOPR6GY happy son sometimes is dificult to find this range of size never know if it is too shirt or too wide.. just perfect for a perfect teenager
B00DQNBPQQ IT WAS A GIFT IT was a giftThe four year old loved it,but I didn't see it.He can't wait to wear it and I am anxious to see it.
B00DQNBPQQ Meets high standards of a 4 year old My 4 year old has a warm up suit obsession.  I have tried other brands and feel that the quality is far below Puma's.  We live in Minnesota and these are thin enough to wear in the summer on a cool night yet thick enough to wear in the fall and winter when temperatures plummet.  I can wash these  every day it they will not lose their brightness or quality.  They fit as to be expected.  My son is on the small side for a 4 year old, at only 37 inches and 35 lbs. and I ordered him a size 5.  It is a little big but not so much so that it looks that way, perfect for being able to wear for the next year or so.  I highly recommend all Puma track suits.
B00DQYYVAM no complaints at all. Nice fit, as expected. I tend to stick with the same styles and sizes from Adidas and Puma and they are usually veri consistent. I haven't been let by down eitehr yet.
B00DQYYVAM Love this model! It's always about personal taste, but this model is really good looking and fits great. I actually got the blue model as well.
B00DQYYVAM I would not recommend playing any form of indoor soccer in them as ... I would not recommend playing any form of indoor soccer in them as the sole is rather thin leaving little room between the floor and your feet, but aside from that I love them
B00DR2EKTK Almost Perfect The bermuda shorts are great,  I like the fabric and the special details on the pockets.  The only negative side is my waistline.  I think it increased by 1/2 inch.
B00DR2FSEG No sweat..great product! I love the way these shorts fit my husband.  He is disabled and he feels uncomfortable in most of his cloths.  These shorts are soft and fit well.  He is very happy.  I tried to order more but unfortunately they are out of stock:(
B00DR2G55C cheap very cheap feeling shirt. very surprised since puma is a global athletic brand. feels like a wal mart shirt with the puma logo on it. very disappointed. love their old school shoes though.not recommended.
B00DRIZGA6 stained I ordered 2 shirts the other was t sent due to quality standards which is good. The shirt was on the small size but it had stains on the I wash them out but it was supposed to be new. I spend hundreds of dollars on amazon this really upsets me maybe I should start shopping elsewhere........
B00DRP15E0 Great looks Amazon is the only seller who charge reasonable duties, keep in mind.Nice polo but Puma always mess up the sizes. I always order LARGE but every it changes. It also needs more detailing on the back. After all its not a cheap buy.
B00DRTZIEO PUMA Men's Ferrari Sweat Pants, Black, Medium PUMA Men's Ferrari Sweat Pants, Black, Medium.....Pants was werry nice but for size medium from Puma runs to small ..!!!!
B00DRU70CQ One Star To small and very cheap looking
B00DRUBPF4 Does NOT have kangaroo pocket I bought this specifically because the product description said it had a kangaroo pocket -Product DescriptionGraphic soft pigment/suede/embroidery, Polyurathanema originals no.1 logo embroidery, self fabric kangaroo pocket, deep self fabric cuffsASIN: B00HNN4ISMI carry a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 when I walk every day and I've been looking for a light tank top with a pocket that my phone will fit into securely and come out quickly so I can make or answer calls and texts. I have tried a holster (just looked ridiculous plus the phone with an Otterbox Defender wouldn't fit) and an arm band (in order to hold the weight, I have to cinch the strap so tight it cuts off circulation in my arm, and again I have to take the Otterbox off). I guess I'll just have to doctor some of my own tank tops.Other than the pocket issue, it's an ok top, very light weight, colors are nice and bright, looks like it would fit as expected - I didn't try it on since it's going right back.
B00DS3QSO8 One Star Small ok
B00DS5MFR0 Just what I needed Needed pants for my daughter as its getting cold out and she hates wearing jeans, this is a great alternative to regular old sweat pants.
B00DT5PLMK ITALY! Product fit just as I expected. Purchased a Medium and it may have even run just a slight too big, yet the neck would not have fit if I had purchased the small. My favorite of the Italy jerseys. A must for any fan's wardrobe!
B00DT5PLMK Fit and appeance Great looking shirt. Light and comfortable. The best price online. Might purchase another one in a different color. Forzza Italia.
B00DTUN7EO This brand is very durable and holds up well. I sprayed the shoes initially with a water barrier and they had held up very well with dirt and grime. Better than my previous pair of the similar shoe. My son really likes them. Very bright color as shown a picture.
B00DTW6UVY GREAT DESIGN NEED A RETURN
B00DTX8UR0 Great sneakers! I am very picky when it comes to sneakers, but this one is True to size and Very comfortable!  I highly recommend this!
B00DTZFZCQ One Star somewhat small
B00DU0P368 My 4yr old LOVES these! We're hooked on Puma. They seem to last fairly well to high activity and fit as expected, though they can get tight in the toe box area for those with wider or thicker feet. My daughter is reed thin and super tall and she loves these. They're supportive and hold up to her high energy. The only downside is more a comment on her than the shoes, but the sparkle can scuff off fairly quickly if your child drags their feet at all or rubs them alongside anything repeatedly. Not a defect, more expected, but thought I'd mention it. Otherwise, nicely made, hold up well, fit as expected for thin to average-sized feet, and are SUPER diamond dust level sparkly. :)
B00DU0P368 Love these shoes. Super Stylish and tend to look clean even when they have scuff marks.  easy to clean and even after wearing around Disney theme parks, they still look like they are brand new.  We get lots of compliments on them - great spring / summer gym shoe.
B00DU0P368 The sparkle is a bit more than show in the photo but they still look great. I anticipate that they will wear well From the other reviews indicating that the for was on the smaller size, I ordered a size up. This worked allowing for a little extra room for growing. The sparkle is a bit more than show in the photo but they still look great. I anticipate that they will wear well.
B00DU0P368 Great value These shoes are perfect for my 4yo daughter! They fit like a glove and the sparkle is perfect - not messy, which is what I was worried about. I will definitely be repurchasing these again.
B00DU0P368 Beautiful by I thought the material was fifferent Beautiful however I thought the material of the shoes was different (fabric type) instead is more of sand paper, but sti beautiful,
B00DU0P368 much better than saucony i got these when my 2 year old walked into her kiddie pool for the second time with her saucony shoes one.  the puma's fit much better- are wider on her foot bed, velcro holds closed well and with the sparkles are even cuter.  not to mention $10 less.  will buy these in her next 2 sizes.
B00DU0P368 Great glitter shoes A big hit with our finicky girls. These are well made, seem pretty tough and have lots of style with all of the glitter. Just what I was looking for and I'm very glad I found them.
B00DU0P368 Shoes Color was very decieving in the picture. I showed to be white instead it is silver. Alot more glitter than anticipated.
B00DUGLEYM Perfect Perfect fit and perfect price!! Shipped fast.
B00DUK751E If ordered 13.5 you'll get size 13 We ordered 13.5 but got 13; it looks great, but has slippery type strings that are hard for a 6- yr old to tie.
B00DUL8BQQ Singyeo my child should have a little bit bigger My child is not yet fit the size of theNext year will SingilThe design is clean.like my child  pretty shoe
B00DULBHY4 Excellent I'll buy more puma products ExcellentI'll buy more puma products !!! :-)
B00DULV8Y8 Great color combo I chose these because of the colors (won't show dirt) and my satisfaction with puma kids shoes in the past. I am very pleased once again. They are made well enough to pass down!
B00DULXWII BEAUTIFUL THEY ARE VERY PRETTY AND SUPER COMFORTABLE
B00DULYICC Comfortable & Solid My little guy loves these shoes. They are slightly larger than his feet, but stay secured in place. When wet, they dry out quickly and don't lose their form.
B00DUTAHJM Velour track suit for your kid It's possible my kid has short legs. The pants are a wee bit long but the top is fine. Cute outfit, good for his gymnastic class. We received the size 18 months of this same outfit as a present and both the pants and the top are a wee bit short so he must be between sizes now.
B00DUTB6IS Puma Kids Boys Pop Velour It is litte samll for my some so he can wear for too long. I like the materials and my son like it.
B00DUTBRQO Nice suit Bought for my grandson who is a size 7.  It fit very well.  The suit is light and great for kids when playing sports or just for playtime.
B00DUU511U good price for the brand name I had gotten this Puma sweatshirt for my nephew for about $19 when list price is $40. When he got it for Christmas, he wanted to put in on right away. It looks and feels great
B00DUU511U loved the sweater This sweater was a Very nice fit an warm loved it.. I will be buying more soon in the future.
B00DW2MF4C Very nice hoody This hoody is well constructed and warm. My son likes it because it is roomy and not form fitting. It wears and washes well.
B00DW2MF4C Can't get him out of it! gave this to our 10 year old grandson for Christmas... he now lives in it! Seriously, if it is not in the wash, he is wearing it!
B00DY6160A a little big I don't understand, I wear a size 9 in Pumas all the time - sneakers, slip-ons. I even have the first version of this shoe in a 9. I thought this would be a no-brainer but nope, they are too big. This was slightly mitigated by adding a heel grip but try to try this one on before you order it.
B00DY6160A Super comfy! Super comfy!  I wish they had my size in more color options.  They seem slightly loose after a few wears,  so not sure if I sho I lo have gone 1/2 size down.
B00DY6160A just what I was looking for! Great summer sneakers.Slips on easy. light weight & great to just slip on and walk out the door.In the past puma's have killed my heels and gave me blisters but ive been wearing these over a week and I couldnt be more happier.  True to size.
B00DY6160A comfortable, good looking , but front too high Was pleased with style and fit at first.Disappointed in not only leg discomfort, but after few days of wearing I developed a pain in front of knee, I believe was caused from toe area lifted too high,and lack of flexibility of sole design in center.
B00DY6160A Ripped on my 2nd week using them! Waste of money! The shoes are cute and fashion, but the design is very poor, they are a bit uncomfortable in front and I guess they are meant for narrows feet only, the sole is very very narrow!The sewing in the internal  part of the shoe is too low and it ripped after walking for a bit.Waste of money!
B00DY61E2U Too large for me Too big I'm a 8.5 or 9 . Puma doesn't fit my son yet I brought it big intentionally thank u!
B00DY61M0E Nice rich glowy blue tone and comfortable flat, but less comfy than the Zandy Patent I have several pairs of the Zandy Patent flats by Puma that I bought back when they first came out (black, grey, fuschia/silver/black). I decided to try some of the other versions of Zandy--the dots and this one. I find this flat attractive, the blue is appealing. I do find it a BIT snugger than the Patent original version--just a bit more pinch-y. So, the star off was for being less perfectly comfortable as the Patent. But these are still fun. I've gotten compliments on the color and style, as I always do when wearing my fuchsia ones (everyone loved those).I hope Puma brings back the patent style in a lot more colors with a black sole--especially RED, deep warmer RED. :)
B00DY61M0E may work better for others Disappointed, they looked great on but  toe area a bit turned up, but not bad. discomfort was in tapered and short toe area squeezing, and heel pressed into ankle back.
B00DY74P70 Just what I wanted! These came quickly and were just as expected and fit like a dream. They are adorable with green patent leather and white man-made material.
B00DY75DWQ light as a feather great cross training shoes, light to the touch and feet.  has good traction when making lateral moves.highly recommended for any gym rat.
B00DY75DWQ Great for strength training Purchased for personal and group training.  Very lightweight and comfortable for moving around.  My fee don't go numb on the elliptical.
B00DY75DWQ These are amazing! These shoes look just like the picture, they are incredibly light weight and comfortable. They are constructed with bonded seams so they look sleek but with that has resulted in gapping out in the areas where they bend the most. I do wear them a lot but I was expecting them to last longer. I would buy them again.
B00DY75DWQ puma dipdye cross trainer Loved the colors when I saw this shoe,and I was not disappointed when I got them. As always with Puma,super light weight and comfortable. Great price and I'm happy with my selection!
B00DY77J28 poor quality? I have worn them only twice now and I have to get them repaired already - righ toe has to be glued back together. Never have had such an experience....:(
B00DY77J28 Flyy Girl Fly footwear. I'm really loving my new kicks. Received a bunch of compliments already after just one wear. They are definitely for a look of the sexy-sporty variety.It's worth noting that this entire shoe is patent leather but not overwhelmingly shiny (for some strange reason I thought some areas of the shoe were fabric--the pic three me off--but they're still very beautiful in person).
B00DY77J28 They are ok The shoe looks nice and good quality, however these are more like snow boots instead of sneakers. Great for the snow, but I live in TX and aside from the few weeks it gets cold here I won't get to wear these much.
B00DY789HM FREAKING LOVE THESE I am tall, and in any other heel I am not unlike a newborn giraffe; uncoordinated as all hell. I can literally RUN AROUND in these. I believe its because the sole is so large, but they are so comfortable, not too high of a heel, and I feel super awesome. Bought these because I am on a Notorious BIG kick.10/10 would buy again.
B00DY789HM Electric Green and Blue Puma Classic Edge These sneakers are somewhat difficult to get over my heel I do have wide feet but of all the Puma wedges i have this is the only pair i have that problem with.Once on they are pretty comfy. The color is awesome and perfect for spring I may consider purchasing more just might go a 1/2 size up!
B00DY7QQ4A Bomb Biddy Look out La Crosse teams across America, she's shod, she's mod, and she's more than ready to rock and roll
B00DYRQBAO i got this for my daughter. and when i  found that the zipper is completely broken.I want to exchange the product.With the broken zipper my daughter can not wear in this cold winter.
B00DYXTPKQ Love Puma! I am obsessed with the brand Puma and I have a hard time finding it anymore. So when I saw this coat around my nephews birthday I had to buy it and the price was very decent priced! My sister said its great! Warm and fits, and when he spills stuff on it she can just wipe it right off. No stains yet and he's been wearing it for 2 months.
B00DYXTPKQ Warmer than I expected The fleece lining it much warmer than expected.  We've only used it a handful of times so far but I am sure we will get a ton of use this winter with coat.  The warmth of the coat was better than I expected and it looks great on my son.  I bought a 2T and it was very true to size.  I am very happy with my purchase and the price was great.  I looked at more expensive coats at other Baby stores which weren't even as nice as this one.
B00DYXTPKQ Very nice.  Looks like great quality. Pretty blue outlines, Love me some Puma.  I kinda wish there were strings attached to hood to tighten it.  But, I am okay with that,  I love the coat on my little boy.  I bought this coat on Cyber Monday for a great price.
B00DYXTXJO great Bought this as a gift for my nephew and was pleased to find that it fit perfectly and is warm.
B00DYXTXJO awesome the right weight and the right size. ordered a 3t and my son is about 32-33lbs and fit him generously. warm for the winter but easily warn in the late fall and early spring. i wish the hood (under the collar) was thicker...he will need to wear a warm hat and then the hood to protect him from rain/snow.
B00DZI21I8 Very warm! Very warm jacket! It's a bit large for my son, but he really loved it! I would recommended! Good winter jacket!
B00DZI24H6 Great coat for kids! Great looking coat and our son loved it!  The hideaway hood is indispensable.  We will definitely buy more Puma outerwear.
B00DZI24H6 Zipper ripped out Nice coat, I really liked it until the zipper ripped out. Wouldnt buy again as I had to buy another coat for my kid.
B00E0FZYT8 Teenage son LOVED this PUMA jacket!!! This turned out to be just what my son needed and wanted! Puma outline on back is very cool looking! Jacket washed well..and the fleece is soft & warm. ( good even in cold weather w/ a vest or another this layer over/ under it...I wished it had a hood~but he was fine w/ out having one!)  Boys XL was great savings & fits well...as he usually gets Men's small/ med...which can cost much more...so I gave the XL a try & it worked out! ( seems inside the arms could have been trimmed down more/ to be more comfy...but he got used to it..was no big deal/ didn't need to fix them as I 1st. thought I'd need to do.)  Just enough color w/ that cool PUMA...but gray jacket goes w/ most of his other clothes!!! GREAT DEAL-and NO ISSUES @ ALL!
B00E41TDYU Cool tennies Had to go up 1/2 size, which is typical for athletic shoes. Not as cushy as I had hoped - platforms don't bend like regular soles. But very cool looking!
B00E4PKTUI Very nice hoddy!!!! Recommended. Looks great from the outside. Excellent material from the inside. Very convenient. Very pleased with the presence of special strap for keys in the right pocket.
B00E6BIURY LIL DISAPOINTED SAYS LARGE BUT FITS LIKE A MEDIUM. WOULD GET ONE SIZE BIGGER IF YOU DON'T LIKE FORM FITTED CLOTHING. BUT WELL MADE!
B00E6BIURY Good jacket for exercise. I am 5'10&#34; tall, so this is a little short on me, as most things are, but it fits as can be expected (I ordered the large). The zipper works great, and the fabric is very nice, but it did start to sort of pill after I washed it the second time. I'm not sure what happened there, but it's very slight so I'm not perturbed yet. As for warmth, I have only worn it on colder days-like 50-60 and rainy, and it's been perfect for a run. Overall, I would recommend this product.
B00E6O333W perfect Perfect fit and perfect color.  Arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Comfy out fit for the toddler on the go also.  Thank you
B00E6O333W Loved it Was a gift for me neice but she loved it wish I could find more outfits like this one in the feature
B00E6O333W Bad quality. 19month but 2t is small.because seems no span. Baby can't move well. Inseam is short but length is long.. No sense set.
B00E8AOQVM good fit I like these underwear.  I have other puma underwear that is more comfortable but these do well. Go get em
B00E8AOQVM Amazing Best boxers I have personally ever owned.
B00EAAYWQE Great!!! I bought it and it fits perfectly my 11 month old! He won't use it for long, but it's so comfortable and not too long pants so he walks easily...
B00EAH1B8E Straps too short These shoes are very cute, BUT they're unwearable because the straps are WAY too short. They won't even fasten on my kid's feet- they barely reach without a foot in the shoe.  It's utterly ridiculous, don't buy them.
B00ECE4N5S Bought it for my wife! Bought the shoe for my wife and so far she is happy with the fit and feel. I would buy another puma for her.
B00EDHUOZM Choise and recomend!!! Excellent product... very nice....!!! the colours, texture, design... just it's better...!!! i recomend, for the persons whitch desire quality and confort
B00EDHUOZM Good looking, very comfortable, light but warm, dries quick, nice sleeve detail. I wanted specifically a quick dry hoodie for outdoor activities, not just walking around. I prefer full zip but thought I'd try this. I am very pleased.The hoodie has a fleece finish on the inside so is comfortable and fairly warm but still light and warm. It does perform much better than a cotton hoodie when active.Also the neck has some give so easy to get on and off. Lastly nice small rubber puma on the sleeve end looks good. I got the dark blue and the large chest puma is black not silver like it appears on Amazon. Highly recommended.
B00EDHUOZM Satisfied The hoodie looks great it's just a lot thinner than I hoped. More of a fall sweatshirt or to wear under a coat.
B00EDHUOZM Awesome fit and a very comfortable wear. This hoodie is perfect, it feels so comfortable on your skin and also warms you up in the right way.
B00EDHUOZM Worth your pocket It just came in today and all I can say is that I love it! I got a small so it fits great and also it is really warm inside. Looks fantastica and I do recommend it!
B00EDHUOZM Comfortable and light enough for indoor wear My teen son is the primary wearer of this hoodie, and he rarely takes it off!  This hoodie is his go-to choice for daily, classroom wear.  He loves it so much, he even washes on gentle cycle and line dries to keep the puma fresh!  (Did I mention he's a teen boy?!)The fit is snug enough to look good and loose enough to allow a t-shirt to be worn comfortably underneath.  If you need a bit of extra belly room, go one size larger as the trunk line cut of this hoodie is quite slim.Quality is notable in the stitching and overall materials used.  This was  a pricey purchase for us (at $25 ) when buying for a rapidly growing boy.  So far, no regrets.  He's happy with all aspects after 2 months of wear.
B00EDHUOZM Amazing price for a very nice hoodie There's a reason Puma gear is popular among athletes, they make great products.  This hoodie is great.  Very comfortable, cool design, and durable feel.  All good things.  Plus, I picked this thing up for $16 and change.  You can't beat that.  I bought the red/black one for myself and the poseidon/puma red in a smaller size for the wife.  Both she and I were extremely pleased with the quality.
B00EDHUOZM Great Dry tech sweater It was well fitted and awesome warm sweater that had dry tech. :) I love puma products, they make quality stuff.
B00EDHUOZM puma mens hoodie The neck was a little small but the fit was as expected. If you have a big head then it might not fit over your head easily.
B00EDOMUYI Sweet.... Lookin' sharp, fitting like a glove (on my feet!), really decent price..thank you Amazon for the heads up!
B00EDOMUYI Comfortable I normally wear 8.5-9D. After reading reviews I went with size 9 which fits well. No problem with toe box. Comfortable, well ventilated, needed very little break in. Durability is unknown but appears well constructed. Looks nice. Going with 4 stars as weight is average for a running shoe. They are not heavy by any means but are no lighter than my run-of-the-mill cross trainers. Pics on Amazon are representative of product received (at least for blue/black/silver).
B00EDOMUYI Not super light but light and comfortable I was expecting them to be lighter but they still feel good compared to my switch form SHOX
B00EDOMUYI thumbs up! Shoes arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  Boyfriend was stoked and said they are very light and comfortable.  Look great too!  Note: the tongue is a separate piece opposed to the attached tongue on the Voltaic 3 model.
B00EDOMUYI Love pumas Great looking show for walking around also.  Highly recommend for people who want an all around show that doubles in the gym.
B00EDOMUYI I like it... happy.... A little more snug than I would have liked, but obviously, that's always an issue between manufacturers...  I'm an 8.5 and sometimes they fit perfectly and others a little snug.  Nonetheless, I am very happy with my purchase....
B00EDOMUYI PUMA CHANGED THE TONGUE seriously... my favorite thing about the voltaic line was the connected tongue, and they changed it... now its just a regular shoe...
B00EDOMUYI Look great and comfortable Husband loved them! True to size and color. Not sure about longevity as he just started wearing them but my sons had the child's version and they lasted through 2 rambunctious boys and still look pretty good and haven't fallen apart in any way.
B00EDOMUYI They are MENS...not womans I really liked these so I order them and they were WAY to big but I must not have noticed, until the smaller size came, that they are MENS....
B00EDOMUYI Awesomeeee!!!!! Delivery was great, price was perfect and the style and color is sharp!! Everyonethat has seen this shoe thinks they are one of kind. When I exercise I feel like I am aboutto sprint and take off. Very comfortable and a perfect fit. Now I am looking to purchaseanother pair of training Puma shoes but a different style and color. Anyone that trains, exercises or like to run fast, well these are it!!!
B00EDOMUYI Perfect fit. I ordered these for jogging and gym ... Perfect fit. I ordered these for jogging and gym and got compliments on the first day.  Thought the white pairs may pale in comparison to the more attractive e blue or red but these are actually quite handsome and rugged looking.  Strongly advise a tone interested to get them.
B00EDOMUYI Enjoy! Freedom of movement. Stroll, walk, run comfortably. I love Puma shoes because they allow fresh airflow and are easy to put on and remove from my feet. Thank you, Amazon for the heads up information on this product.Robert
B00EDOMUYI They are comfortable. I get lots of compliments. They are comfortable.
B00EDOR4L2 Odd foot pad First, let me say, I looooove the look of this shoe! They're bright and fun but not too much. That being said, the foot pad is in a very odd position. While springy and stable, the pad hit the balls of my feet wrong, so much so that even walking in them was tough. I have flatter feet , maybe they're made for people with higher arches, I dont know, but I felt like I was walking on my tippy toes, very uncomfortable for me. I'm bummed cause I reeeeally like the look of them, perhaps I just have the wrong shaped foot...
B00EDOR4L2 One Star Like walking on an oak board.
B00EDOR4L2 Color and Fit were as expected The shoes fit well, I've already run over 10 miles in them and have not had trouble breaking them in.
B00EDOR4L2 Puma Volt This felt extremely well on my feet during my run...It WILL be one of the first shoes I grab for my extended runs...Loved it the very first time I ran in them...Love the bold color combination, as well.
B00EDOR4L2 Bright lively colors I usually order a half size up in sneakers and  I am glad I did, they fit perfectly.  They coordinate with the various colors in my gym wardrobe....pink, blue, green, had many compliments already.
B00EDOR4L2 light weight Light weight shoe. Fits as expected. love the color. didn't realize that some of the design was shiny but that's ok. very satisfied
B00EDOR4L2 Perfect Fit Needed some running shoes for the gym, I had no idea that these would be so comfortable.  And since I support breast awareness. The color is perfect it matches my jacket perfect. I just have to order my socks breast awareness, Is very important to me.
B00EDOR4L2 Colour is as shown on the website BUT For a 10.5 I didn't expect it to squeeze me.  So I am disappointed with the fit
B00EDOR4L2 Fine The Puma shoes voltaic 5 is very ggod. Comfortable, The colour es fine. The finished is very good. I recomended.
B00EDOR4L2 they are comfortable. Will be puttig in arch support insoles though I've only had my shoes for a few days, but what little time I've worn them, they are comfortable.  Will be puttig in arch support insoles though.
B00EDOR4L2 Not exact sizing I really like the coloring and design of the shoe. The shoes must run small because it is just a little to tight at the toes. I have high arches and feel some pressure on the ball of the feet. Hopefully the more I wear them they will stretch out .
B00EDOR4L2 Fit is fine. Just the right color!  Fit is fine.
B00EDOR4L2 Not so great but price was right Bought these on Gold Box. They're just ok. Not quite as bright as I might have liked (I like my exercise shoes bright!) and the arch support is quite lacking. The sole also has minimum traction. You may want to look elsewhere for more intense exercise uses. But for the Gold Box price, not a bad deal.
B00EDOR4L2 Cool coral This is a great looking shoe and very comfortable.  Excited to have found this color to go with my coral wardrobe.
B00EFTWWFI Stamped cat cracked Fit as expected ,but Puma cat stamp came cracked and peeled,presumably  like being sold as is with manufacturing defects
B00EP00Y2A Satisfied customer! These onesies are very pretty! The pictures really don't do them justice, I love them! The price is very affordable, and most definitly worth the price.
B00EP07NNS Use for 3-6 months My twins are 3 months one week and they have out grown their 3-6 months puma onesie. So I bought 6-9 months onesie for the to wear at 3 months until they are 6 months. Their 3-6 months onesie is to tight and a little to short but the material is comfy for them. They wore each onsie once and out grew them cause I didn't realise it was so small already. So I started buying and trying their puma onsies 3 months in advance.
B00EP0N06C Outfit I love my baby Puma Outfit the color and size is great! I will make future purchases from amazon if this oufit come in more colors for girls.
B00EP1JYZM Bad material very light and unexpectedly cheap material, I bought it about 2 month back, now it is unwearable, also runs small, bad attribute to puma !
B00EPEMHQC SO DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT!!!!! We love puma pants for our 3.5 year old. The fit is always adorable and allow him to be active, comfortable, and stylish. That said, these pants were a HUGE disappointment.  The moment I pulled them out of the dryer after the FIRST WASH, I ran to my computer to stop anyone else from buying them! The instructions say &#34;tumble dry low&#34; but the fabric clearly cannot withstand a normal washing (clear to me only from the results of the washing, not because I would have known prior). These pants came out of the dryer COMPLETELY DESTROYED. I wish I could post a picture-The fabric has basically fallen apart-not the seams-the fabric itself has puckered, frayed, and become generally ratty. WHAT A WASTE. We unfortunately got the gray pair to match and I will now be having to pull those from the wash and hang them to dry. FOR A THREE YEAR OLD'S TRACK PANTS?! RIDICULOUS.
B00EPEPHT6 OK except for contrast color I wanted black with orange to match my grandsons school colors and they sure looked black with orange, but they were black with red.  there was nothing in the description that said what the contrast color was.  He liked them anyway, but would have been happier if they had orange on them.
B00EQ2EKYK They sent me Polo wrong size. Polo very beautiful and &#1082;&#1072;&#1095;&#1077;&#1089;&#1090;&#1074;&#1077;&#1085;&#1085;&#1086;&#1077;.&#1053;&#1086; sent me was not the size that I ordered. On the label on the Polo size 4T , and on the label with a price tag to specify the amount of 6. Better would be Vice versa .
B00EQ2EKYK T-Shirt Great Material but it was just too SmallI had to give it awaySizing was terriable which was really not my falt
B00EQ2EQI0 PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Ferrari Tricot Jacket, Black, 5 I absolutely love this jacket..its light weight..stylish..good quality and fits well. My son has several puma outfits so it goes with them well. Its a light spring jacket.
B00ETBBFA0 Different color I ordered the brown shoes as it was shown on the website and i received a gray color one instead
B00ETBBFA0 Not enough width This shoe is very sleek. Bought it for my fiance and he love it. The only problem is it is not wide enough and doesn't stretch.
B00ETHZV2M Puma Not exactly what I thought, but this had nothing to do with Amazon. I was looking to replace a shoe that I bought a while back. I thought the shoes favored. I still like my purchase.
B00ETHZV2M She likes them! Bought them for my wife, she was pleasantly surprised with the comfort and the light weight feel of the shoes.. I will probably order them for her in a different color
B00ETHZV2M Below Puma standards Usually I love Puma sneakers but thia has a bad finishing with fabric short in one side. Plus is not confortable as my prevoius Puma and a similar Adidas I had. The material is not soft and is rigid.
B00ETHZV2M Thin & hard inside instead of padded and soft. For the past few years I have worn Puma Mostro shoes which were very padded inside with velcro cross straps on the outside.  It has gotten much harder to find this minimalist style in my size.  The Takala suede sneaker has the same outer shape, but when I received the shoe, they were very thin and hard inside and not very comfortable even with cushy socks.  Unfortunately, they had to be returned for that reason, but otherwise they looked good.
B00ETI0GFI Some small Could I change it? because I think may can more comfortable if would be a little more large. thank you!
B00ETI0GFI Perfect Fit, Look & Feel This was a gift and the recipient loved it! True to size and accompanies both black & white laces. Looks fabulous! Highly recommend the product to anyone.
B00EUAEG24 excellent set of child excellent set of child size is complete for a three year old, excellent material, fine collection,beatiful;excellent set of child size is complete for a three year old, excellent material, fine collection,beatiful
B00EUAFG5K Great quality and fitted as expected. My grandson loved the pants and T-shirt to wear with his Ferrari jacket.  The colors matched with his jacket. Very comfortable to wear!
B00EUS6JZ8 it`s too large my kid almost 2  years it`s too large for him but i will keep it for next year thank you  .
B00EUS6MAA Beautiful color Bought this for my 5-year old grandson and it was as beautiful as the picture of it on the website.
B00EUS6MAA Great gift idea!! My husband & I volunteered to provide some Christmas gifts for a young boy. The Puma outfit was a good addition to the other items we choose for him. I met him and his parents will be appreciative. Everyone should have a happy & holy holiday season!!
B00EX92PUM Warm comfy hoodie Omg I love this puma hoodie. It's so warm and comfortable I practically live in it. The material is so soft it fits true to size. I'm 5&#34;3 133lbs I ordered a medium and it was perfect. The color is great ad well.
B00EX92PUM Great hoodie! The color was slightly different than I expected but the material is outstanding.This hoodie is very soft and comfortable. It's my favorite now!
B00F4O07I2 Four Stars Small arm length, thicker than a normal track jacket. 5'7, 130 should have got a medium- borderline
B00F4O07I2 Smart and cosy So hard to find a nice jacket for walking without the useless hood flapping on your shoulders. This is perfect for cooler days on the way to and from the gym and smart enough to wear casually. The fabric and finish are good quality.
B00F4O07I2 Great! This jacket was exactly what I was looking for. It is a heavy sweatshirt material and is slim enough considering the thickness of the material. FYI, this would not be a good workout/warm up jacket (for me) because it is too thick and not moisture wicking.I would order it again however I did get a great price on the black vs. other color options.
B00F4O0CXM My opinion I liked the product it's so beautiful but I was a little bit surprised because the medium one is larger than I was expecting... But it's ok!!!
B00F5EK2FE Can't wait I'm a Browns fan  they will be perfect, for football season.  I am so ready.  They may not win, but I will look good.
B00F5UZLEK as a gift These were beautiful, arrived on time, but I orderedthe three t shirts the same size for three different boys, was my fault.
B00F5UZQ0Y Puma - Kids 8-20 Very pleased with this product. My nephew loved it.Also, bought him puma pants to match the shirt for Christmas.
B00F5V07VQ Super Mr granddaughter needs a jacket all the time a school, if need hood it is there, easy to care for.
B00F5V0FCW Great little jacket Very impressed with this jacket, warmer than expected and really durable.Son wears it year round even wore it snowboarding once and said heStayed warm all day.
B00F93SCEO good i gave this jacket to my sistershe said it is little bit big to her as expectedbut... she has excepting this cloths as fashion so it doesnt matter. actually we live in asia.it is too much expensive in here so i searched this.im glad to discover and buy almost half price.
B00FAPUP4G Stylish, hip, and good quality The kids love this jacket and I don't see many others running around with it on. #exclusiveKept the kids warmLoved not seeing a boat load of people wearing them
B00FB64HLG Awesome This zip up feels amazing.  Its so soft and stretchy.  Great buy for the price.  Would do it again in a heart beat
B00FB64HLG worth buy It fits as described.I liked it as it looked awesome on me and perfect for my gym activity.Should buy, if one want to buy others.
B00FB64HLG Good looking hoodie I bought this for my son for Xmas and he liked it.  Unfortunately, it is a slimmer fit than works for my son and he had to return it.  Which was too bad since he liked the quality, color etc but the fit does not work for his body.  That is why i only gave it 4 stars because I had hoped that it would be more oversized like some hoodie's are.
B00FBLQ33G Great Shipping !! I ordered 3 t-shirts from different sources at the same time---this one came from half way across the country and showed up before the others were even shipped! (only 200 miles away)  T shirt is very sharp--bought it for a teen whos in multiple track events.  Hes going to love it if I don't decide to keep it for myself !!
B00FEM5JK0 Great shoe Perfect shoes, soft fit. Don't forget to impregnate them before the first shower hits you.
B00FFM13OA Serious Power! Warning that these do fit smaller than most Puma cleats my son has tried. In a Puma King or Evospeed or back in the PowerCat he wore 10.5US and had to up to 11US for these. We checked Soccer.com before ordering to use the size comparison app there and it recommended an 11.5, but it seemed a bit big so we opted for the 11 instead. Very happy. It is a perfect fit. Like a glove--which is how my son wants it. This has ended up being the best fitting cleat he has ever worn. And the power he gets from the natural flexibility in the cleat and the foam pads in the instep striking zone make this a huge new favorite. Plus the color is intense. MUCH brighter in person (think construction cones). Heard that the Fluorescent Peach has been discontinued, so get it while it lasts.
B00FFM13OA Great Cleats! Definitely worth the price I ordered a pair off amazon and the only problem I had was that it did not come in that cool black and red box. Aside from that the cleats are great. The fitting was my usual size, and they are a bit wider fitting than other cleats (I do mean just a bit) but it makes all the difference for a more comfortable fit. I didn't have to break these cleats in at all, they fit great right out of the box.The collapsible heel is nice since it doesn't dig into your heel or tendon. I've never had one blister wearing these cleats as I've had from others such as the Puma Power Cat 1 SL and the Adidas Predators LZ TRX Absolion. It truly is an amazing cleat and by far the best one Puma has ever made. The power increase from the foam and natural bend of the foot isn't a huge difference. You may or may not notice such, but I will say that the natural bend is nice and has prevented me from eating s*** a few times.Another thing to note are the studs. The stability studs, for me, give me a slightly different feel when stepping on the ball compared to other cleats and took me a couple days to get used to. The studs are also softer than other cleats I've owned so I have noticed that they do wear a little faster. If you step on asphalt or rocks with these cleats you will get small imprints in the studs.On a final note, the cleats clean nicely, and have held up great over the couple months that I've used them. It's very light, yet still offers a good amount of protection and padding. I will definitely buy another pair in the future.
B00FFM3YSI Great cleat for artificial grass This cleat is quite good. Very comfortable when playing on artificial grass.
B00FFM3YSI Great for FG fields I play keeper in S AZ, the goal area is bare and hard as concrete most of the year.  The studs seem to be a bit shorter but there are more of them along the front edge at the toes, closer to the edge than regular FG blades.  I was losing traction on quick lateral push-offs and forward dives, these are holding firm.  A marked improvement on very hard surfaces over regular FG shoes.
B00FFMEJIC love 'em I'll start by saying I don't wear them for indoor. I live in the PNW and it rains alot so I use leather soccer kicks b/c i like the styles.They are a little tight, but a nice pair and for the price cant be beat.
B00FFPR2LK Great Cleats It took me years to find a pair of cleats to replace my old Adidas Predators, i looked at nike, adidas, etc. until i finally found the evospeeds. You'll definitely have to break them in before playing but seriously way better that $200+ Nikes.The only thing i found i disliked about these cleats is that they dont come with the cleat bag, but if were talking performance these are 5+ star shoes.
B00FFPR2LK puma boots are trendy very nice boots to play in .....comfortable connections with ball ....i think adidas and nike has to come good now
B00FJ57PQS nice and warm super fashionable, cool and warm jacket, for my yoga and fitness days. just loved it, will wear it year-round! thanks
B00FJ57RFW Comfy pants but way too long Great comfy pants but way too long if you are 5'-3&#34;. I'll need to get them hemmed a few inches to make them work (which im use to)
B00FJ57RFW Size does not correspond to reality Went off the puma size chart separately according to my dimensions and pants bigger than the site indicated.Color not black and brown tint.
B00FJ57RFW fits awesome loooooooooooove these so comfortable and soft. they are a very dark dark brown, they do not look black. but I don't care.  they really fit wonderfully I may buy another. rare to fine sports pants that fit so good.
B00FJ57RFW Too big Went off the puma size chart separately according to my dimensions and pants bigger than the site indicated . Bit of a bummer considering I spent $45
B00FJ57WN4 Great payback! A useful gift that I agave my best friend (and wife) of 36 years for Mother's Day. It has paid for itself already!
B00FJ9L682 perfect puma heritage jacket It is very beautiful jacket and fit me like I expected and the alteration  and the marks was great and for me I like puma clothes very much and I wish if there is pants in the same style to go with it.
B00FJC0LZI Cushy comfort for an old mans feet . German engineering in a running shoe . Cushy, cushy shoes for my old feet . Now I can walk a mile without my left foot or hip hurting. I own an embarrassing number of shoes but these are the most comfortable . I hope they hold up over time .
B00FJC28AY Stylish, but snug. I'm not going to say it's tight, but it's snug.  After an hour or so of walking about, the fit eased a little, and everything is fine, but it's not a sloppy fit in the least.  Extremely good-looking and comfortable to explore Lahaina in or walk down to Black Rock for a little snorkeling.Bought the black/white/red as well.  Very satisfied.
B00FJC2JC6 I am an 11 in just about everything, 11 ... I am an 11 in just about everything, 11.5 was too small, had to go to 12.
B00FJDR0U6 very light and very well nade I bought it for my son, it fits very well and he likes it. That's the most important thing that matters to me
B00FK9S8UU Highly recommend This is a very comfortable sock. Cushy but not too thick. They are pretty invisible. A little can be seen at the heal. Delivery was very timely.
B00FKXGDWQ My boyfriend's perfect work sock My boyfriend is in construction and wears these every day under his work boots. Great quality.  They have added cushioning around the foot.
B00FLCVN0I Don't waste your time or money The material is ridiculous!! The first (AND ONLY) time I went for a run with them the band was so lose I had to step every few 100m to pull my pants up. So horrible at one point the pant waistband came down around my bum. I don't have the skinniest waist either so it wasn't a body shape issue. Do not buy these leggings!
B00FLQB0M0 Happy Hubby Got them for my husband for Father's Day.  Loved the colors and comfort. He's all ready for the World Cup games.
B00FLQB0M0 Very happy with my purchase! Understandably, I was a little hesitant to buy shoes online, but am pleased to report that I am very happy with my purchase.  I had worn sneakers by this brand before, so I was pretty confident that I knew what size I needed.  Next time, I will probably buy this way again.
B00FLWBINK One of the best sneakers ever! Immediately after trying them on I knew these were the shoes for me, they are so soft and fit so well. I didn't even need to try on other sneakers because I knew these were it for me. Definitely well made and make for a pleasant running/walking experience. Will definitely be sticking with these for a while plus the price is very reasonable.
B00FM8GG8U confused what is the difference between toddler and kid size  .. I ordered 3.5 toddler .. the shoe arrived with 3 1/2 kids
B00FMCASVM I love it! I bought this for my nephew.  I can't wait to give it to him.  I am really glad I purchased this shirt.
B00FME51MG Bought as a gift Bought it for my brother and it fits just fine.  Not much to say here other than it's a tee shirt.
B00FME51MG LOVE IT! Great product no complains here price was not bad and have no problems with this item would consider buying other items in the future.Esmeralda
B00FMYXPWE More impressive than in the pictures It is about 1 3/4 inches across. It is bigger than I thought it would be and I was kind of regretting ordering it because of the pink trim but its merits are greater. I'm glad I bought this watch.
B00FN0IUOA :)))) It is more beatefull in reality!!! I really like it and I am planning to order another one to my bro
B00FNMG3GU Love the look The shirt is supposed to be an extra large. Hoever it fits like a medium. Im going to send it back if I can.
B00FNMGHES great fit my daughter just loved this as a gift.she wears it under her coat all the time,to keep warm.the color is beautiful.she is a real petite woman,wears size 5/6 this fit just right and she was happy and so was i.
B00FREB7S8 PUMA boys shorts, Iron Gate I purchased these shorts for my grandson who just started playing soccer.  These shorts are perfect for many sports and are well made.
B00FRG5J94 poor way too small and the exchange process was a hassle.  For some reason it would not let me do and even exchange and I had to reorder the same product in a larger size, while i waited for a refund for this item. not as easy as you make it out to be.
B00FRG5J94 Durable, cute, versatile These Puma yoga pants are flattering and made well. Thick material and comfortable snug waistband.  Can be dressed up or dressed down and are worn year round.  We love them and have used for years - just keep moving up in sizes.
B00FRG5XEK Description What I received was a plain dress, I am still looking for the black colorblock  pattern on this dress.  I did not received what was advertised.
B00FRIIGKG Wonderful Love the brand. My grand kids were ready to put it on straight from he package. So far they have not misplaced the jacket so to me that is a biggie. Great!
B00FRIJ2D6 Sizing this was nothing as per stated measurements.  It is an excellent piece clothing but has left my daughter disappointed, she would not be wearing.
B00FRK48II Perfect Outfit My Grandson loved the new soccer outfit. He looks like the coolest soccer player with the outfit. Of course Grandma is bragging.
B00FRK4QBW Another T-Shirt Item arrived as scheduled, well packaged, and met the description for the product I ordered.  Grandson is into soccer and welcomed the addition to his casual wardrobe.  Thx for asking.
B00FRK6OHG Awesome shirt This is a great shirt. I got it for my grandson playing soccer. It fit perfect & the material is light & breathable. Would def buy another.
B00FRK9KI6 Beautiful red. Beautiful red.A beautiful gift for the son of a cute red t-shirt.Material is also good. The different colors of the same product, I would like to purchase additional. Puma has changed my thinking about it.
B00FRKBC32 Well made This shirt was a good buy.  It's well made, washes well and cute.  Goes so well with a number of sports shorts.  Shirt was sent with prompt service.
B00FRKCBK0 Good walking shorts. Much lighter then expected which made it much more appreciated. I initially second guessed purchase, I thought I would return once I received it. To my surprise it wasn't thick and heavy.
B00FRKCBK0 Great athletic short Super soft (almost like soft sweat pant material) but cool enough for summer. Great buy will def pick up another color
B00FRL3ZUE picky son enjoys these shorts they fit to size, are comfortable and reasonably priced.
B00FRL46GG too thin they are tight and the material is very thin, they show alot. buy them for maybe PJ's but not to wear outside
B00FRL46GG Awesome shirts I chose large but the shirts when near my knees. Elastic band in shirts. Nice design. Came little to late and on time.
B00FRLWR8K Awesome shirt, where it indoors mostly Comfy shirt, feels like I'm not wearing a shirt at all but dust gets attracted to the shirt easily.  Nice  design, feels like it can absorb sweat instantly.
B00FRLYIWS He likes it! My son really likes the colors and says the shirt is very comfortable.  I think the price is very reasonable as well!
B00FRRLHM6 Adorable tennis dress. Dress was as described. Nice fabric, good fit, totally satisfied. I believe more people would respond if we were not held to a specific amount of words., it's annoying.
B00FRRLHM6 Daughter's favorite tennis outfit I was concerned that this would be too short and the skirt would land too high on my daughter's thigh (we prefer modest dress in our home).  However, the skirt finished only a couple of inches above the knee.  The material is loose enough to allow for rotation and movement inherent to tennis.  She loves this dress!  It is her favorite tennis outfit!
B00FSAQBP0 Puma Kids boys Fabric smells like oil products. Fit as expected. My Son like it but just smell i hope it will go away after a few wash.
B00FSEAXCS Sizing Just not what was stated in the measurement, cannot trust this merchant.  Excellent tank top but not fitting the person it was purchased for.
B00FSG1OXS GORGEOUS!!! More so in person!!! These are so gorgeous and are more so in person!!! I love them although they fit my daughter way too large, she will have to grow into them because they are so beautiful!!
B00FSK95GM Ok Really cool but very small althought the color did fade after a long day in the sun it was still fun
B00FSKNO6O Excellent price for a perfect fitting & good looking kiddie track suit I love all things puma and buy all the little kids in the family puma wear and shoes. This track suit was listed at an awesome price! I was worried it might not fit well or material would look cheap...nope this track suit looked amazing on her it's gorgeous!
B00FSKNO6O Awesome! This outfit is dope.  My daughter looks adorable in it.  It's super stylish and (admittedly) something I wish I had as a little girl.  The jacket fits perfectly but the bottoms are a litle long.  She'll grow into them.
B00FSOQW9G Not really a fan I ordered this for my one year old daughter,she has only wore it once because the jacket is too big for her i brought it in a 24 month size,which she wears,but the jacket was a little big on her and the pants are too long a little,but i'll keep the pants for the summer time and she can wear them when we go to amusement parks,for a casual look,i will just find another shirt too go along with them,and i am not a big fan of the color.I only gave two stars because it's puma
B00FSOSLMM Very adorable, Great quality Bought this in a size 12 months for my 19lb 9 1/2 month old and the fit is a tad big (was expected!) We roll the pant legs up once and fits well. I am in love with the yoga style pants, they do not seem too tight around her waist like most pants do. Just adorable! We love it.
B00FSOU0LM Great set Beautifull! Love the colour and fits my 5 year old perfectly.
B00FSOU0LM Four Stars tiene una peque&ntilde;o orificio sino fuera 5 estrellas
B00FSOVMNC Fabric not as expected Cute but fabric too chip and sinthetic, it gets dust and dirty. My doughet got back home from park looking like a dried bush.
B00FSREWJA Great for active girls Fits well, very comfortable, bright, pretty colors, dries quickly -- perfect for little girls who like to wear skirts and dresses, yet at the same time get down 'n' dirty on the playground (and the monkey bars, and the sprinklers, etc, etc...)
B00FSRGYFU Breathable polo I shop at academy for decent boys breathable or synthetic polo's. Price and quality is ideal here as I am buying more as the budget allows.  9 year old fit well in this medium for reference.
B00FSRLCUM Great shirt! We love this shirt!  Is made of breathable moisture wicking material and looks fantastic.
B00FSS29GM Perfect Gift I bought this set for my granddaughter to play golf and tennis in and it is perfect.  I highly recommend it.
B00FSS29GM beautiful outfit The material is expert, the fitting is terrific. This is just an all around beautiful outfit. And you can't beat the price!
B00FSS6J1I Wrong size, cheap material After wearing this set 3 or 4 times, the shorts started to get hairy and coarse. I wouldn't recommend it at all.
B00FSS6J1I PUMA GIRLS 6X READR SET SEE YOU Product was great but size chart not working a T6 L is more for a5 yr old  so I will pass it off to a 5 yr oldI re orderd other outfits  in a med and large kids chart size for 8 and 9 yr oldShipping time was great recd July 1 stNot your fault on the sizes, Ill know next time.
B00FSXV1OI CRAPPY SELLER DO NOT PAY NEARLY 200 DOLLARS FOR THIS SHOE!! They are at Finish Line for 130 just sitting on the shelves. Don't be lazy!!! Go to your nearest mall and go to the FinishLine or order them from FinishLine.com
B00FSY0GXO Awesom print A little small, and must be returned. Largest size, so I guess we go to the men's now!!!!!All in all, a great product.
B00FSY32YE Very pretty and fitted well My grandson was really impressed with this T-shirt. Very pretty and fitted well.
B00FSY32YE Arrived damaged Puma on front is smudged!
B00FVYRD4G Puma shorts review They were to small, again I was guessing size didnt have numbers to go by. I was guessing 14-16. Gave them to brother.
B00FVYRD4G Awesome Print Great product, however we must return this as it is too small for him. He needs to go to men's sizes in the Puma product now, and we will be looking into that. Love this, however!!!!!!!
B00FVYRD4G love it! my son lives in those! easy to wear  easy to wash, modern and hip!!
B00FVYYEIE perfect!!!!!! it's very goooooooooood~~~my son is 7years old. (115cm & 25kg)it fits well as expected, and color is lightso i'm satisfactied
B00FVYYGBY Not what I expected from picture :( It's not the bright orange like I thought. It's a mix of 2 orange shades and a purple. Which makes it darker.
B00FVYYGBY Adorable for toddlers! My sister in law loves my nephew in this type of outfit so I had to get it for his birthday! The price was right and the orange is bright! Can't wait to see my nephew in it!
B00FVZGXBY Purchase Review Very pleased with the quality and the sizing is very accurate for the coming cooler seasons. I am also impressed with the s. peed of your delivery. Thanks very much for your service.
B00FVZGXBY Perfect for St. Patrick's Day I bought this for St. Patrick's Day as it was tough to find something green for him.  There weren't many size choices, so I bought the 12 month for my very large 6 month old.  It's long in the sleeves and legs of course.  But I'm glad he will get to wear it in the upcoming fall.
B00FVZGXBY Adoroable for a little boy. My toddler is extremely active and spends a lot of time playing outside.  This track suit has held up well to stains and repeated washings.It looks wonderful on him, as well.  Just like a big boy! :)
B00FVZI1TG It's ok I chose the rate because of the design and the quality. I'd recomend it to any child, boy or girls.
B00FVZIAN8 I love it If anyone is considering buying this Tracksuit for a special little boy, don't hesitate. The color, the quality, the style and the size are top quality. You won't be disappointed. And this is a genuine review by a genuine customer. Promise!
B00FVZIZP6 Disappointed. Design or color or satisfactory. Until laundry.Pants after washing lint to pass too harsh too.How do you enter the Doll to worry. If you do this every time you need to remove the fuzz is really annoying. Hand wash or dry and asked if I'd rather go after good ...Do not want to put on right now so.
B00FVZJ28U To Hard To Maintain I love the Puma sets but I would steer clear of this one.  The pants show wear, pilling even when washed delicate, after one wash. It is too hard to maintain.
B00FW29LNI Easy an Stylish I am very satisfied with this purchase.  It fit perfect and is very stylish.  Make sure not to wash or dry with knits because it will pill very quickly.
B00FW2A58S Very colorful sporty outfit Bought this outfit for my grandson because he was playing soccer for toddlers.  He loved the picture on the shirt and he looked great running after the ball.
B00FW2ARGI Great look cheap material Love it but material was cheap- it was for my 6 year old and he ripped a hole in the shirt after 2 wears ;(
B00FW2ARGI Ok I purchased the set for my 6yr old son, who is on the skinny side.  The shirt fits very well, but the shorts were very big, and the waist band was not very sturdy.  My wife has not washed the shorts.  I suspect they will not hold very well in hot water, but do not know.
B00FW2ATFC Puma Outfit I was completely happy with outfit. I bought it because of the material and it fits my grandson really well.
B00FW3UH08 Thought it would be cotton but it worked out fine for my son. Good fit, only drawback is that it is a fine jersey almost see through. But for summer day works out great.
B00FW3Y5GK Disappointed The lettering started coming off after a few washing's. We use the gentle cycle. I would recommend never to put this in the dryer. It seems overpriced. You are paying for the name. could be better for what you are paying for.
B00FW3Y8XK Boys love it Nice jacket for cooler evening. its not thick but very well made.All Ferrari Puma we bought was great quality.My boys really enjoy wearing it and cloth do well in a wash as well.
B00FW4N4VG Disappointed. We brought the jacket that goes with this. The lettering started coming off after a few washing's on both items. We were disappointed as it was what made these clothes worth it for our son. Would not recommend buying these until they do a better job with the lettering. We washed in gentle cycle and dried as directed. I would avoid using the dryer next time.
B00FW69IKU Better than expected! I have not bought Puma for my son before. I thought it might run large but it's actually true to size.  The quality is very very nice, very soft cotton (you will not realize there is polyester in it) and the red is just as shown in the photo.  I would recommend this top for sure!! It's like Oshkosh tee quality!
B00FW6Q4SY Perfect for a 72 pound 9 year old
B00FW6QS26 Puma Germany soccer T I purchased this for my grandson to wear during FIFA 2014.  He was delighted with the color and his mother with the fit and quality.The price was good.  It had enough color and design to proclaim his loyalty without being over the top to wear to school.
B00FW6RVSG IT IS NOT A PUMA ITEM Chinese imitation. The item is not an original PUMA item. Even the rating under ITALY's crest is wrong showing 1 star only...ITALY won 4 World Cups.
B00FW6RVSG Loved it My son absolutely loved the top.....
B00FW6S6KI Pleasantly surprised We didn't want to spend a fortune on a jersey that might be ripped, stained, or too small in a few months. This one is really nice quality and a great price. I'd recommend this jersey for your growing kid!
B00FW6S6KI The kid loved it I would have given it 5 stars if it had 2014 Fifa World cup but other than that great quality and my kiddo loved it!!!
B00FW6S8GA XL boys' shirt Great shirt but fit larger than expected.  Well-made, and good fabric otherwise.  Will be perfect for cheering at the WC!
B00FW6SA72 Cool shirt My step grandson loved this shirt.  This year is his first season playing soccer and he loved to wear this shirt for his games.
B00FW6U50C The flag is wrong!!!!! Horrible, so disappointing! I should of looked at the picture better. They didn't have the flag right! Sent it back right away
B00FW6WMEE samller than others the shorts is smaller than I expected. The pocket is not deep at all
B00FWVH90G Sizing is way off Ordered these in a boy's medium. They are ENORMOUS. No way they could fit any 10 year old. The label says boys but I am convinced they must be a men's size.
B00FXW9CNG Great top, but do not put into dryer Very cute, got this top to replace a top I put into the dryer and forgot about. The pink lines that make the word puma all stuck together
B00GFV505S Comfortable I love the way they fit. The pockets are in a great position deep pockets. They breathe they keep you cool why you're being active. I like the variety of colors.
B00GIS8KZA perfect for play great active wear!
B00GISD4PQ Shorts for Camp I bought these shorts for my daughter to wear to summer camp. They fit true to size and the colors are very vibrant and pretty in person. The fabric does wrinkle, but it is not really an issue since they are athletic shorts. Also, the fabric is a little stiff, but I think this will help them dry faster, which is what I want.
B00GJ9RTIC Appropriately sized Great pants.  Fits the grandson perfectly.  Would definitely buy again as I have three more grandsons.  Look like they would last quite a while.
B00GOMDGHM Very comfortable Comfy and don't slip off my heels ... Pastel accents are girly enough to keep my sock-abducting boys from snagging them (that alone is worth the price)
B00GOMDGHM Very comfortable I like them and they have given me support in my feet. I will purchase these again when my wear out.
B00GOMDGHM Super comfortable without being too thick. These are very comfortable socks. The bottom is slightly thicker than the top for added cushion without feeling too heavy or hot. They fit exactly as expected. I would have given them 5 stars but I did notice that several of the socks had little bits of &#34;other&#34; color thread woven in in spots. Like a tiny bit of orange thread woven in to the white top of one & a tiny bit of blue thread woven into the heel of another. I suspect that there were stray threads laying around at the factory that accidentally got woven in. Not a big deal, but not perfect either.
B00GOMDIMU Vibrant colors This sock is an anklet. I was worried it would be a no-show sock, which I don't like because they disappear down into my shoe and half off my feet. This sock is perfect. Very bright, sharp colors. Soft and thick, good quality. Shipping was normal. 4 stars for $18 price tag even though I know I'm paying for Puma name. $15 would've made me feel better :)
B00GOMDIMU loved it! fit very well, stan in place when i wear them with boots, were the other kinda slide off, very pleased with the purchase!
B00GOMDIMU Super comfy I bought these based on the excellent reviews, and I was not disappointed.  They are worth the cost.  Very comfortable and cushioned.
B00GOMDIMU digging them They are cushy on the bottom and thin enough on top that my feet don't get too hot! I have big feet for a girl... 10.5 wide and they are perfect fit. The arch support is right where it should be and works like it should.
B00GOMDIMU Beaufitul and colorful! They are the perfect compliment to my new PUMAs!!!!  No need to be uncoordinated...LOL  Hot colors just might make me run faster and give the extra something my workout lacks...
B00GOMDK9Q Overall a very good Bargin comfortable,Great Buy,lots of great colors,soft yet snug enough to stay in place,and elastic is decent I haven't owned EM long enough for a longevity report.
B00GOMDK9Q comfortable comfortable and fit great.  I love the band that goes around the arch of the foot.  It seems to give my high arches a little more support.
B00GOMDKBO Just the right thickness Super comfy and fit snug.  Not overly thick but thick enough to hold up.  Don't shrink too badly in the dryer.
B00GOMDKBO Like very much I liked them so much I went back to order some more and they were unavailable. I was deeply disappointed. They are comfortable and relaxed fitting to the foot and I especially loved the colors.
B00GOMS18Q Nice gloves for the price Kept my hands warm on my recent trip to Canada to visit relatives.  Pay attention to sizing - they fit as stated.  I was happy with mine, they were comfortable and the closure at wrist was helpful in the snow.
B00GP2IV9E What I was looking for These are very comfortable sweatpants that do not cling to your skin like many sweatpants made these days. Too bad I can't find it in large anymore, otherwise I would have bought another one. They are a bit long but that's within the description I believe, and is very simple to deal with. Highly recommended
B00GUATNR0 Charming Puma Pants I surprised when I saw his pants it is more beautiful than the picture I see it at amazon. The pants are light and soft I like the material very much , the design is very beautiful.
B00GUAUY1Y Cool Graphics Everything is good. I got no complaints. Puma and BMW logos are not ordinary like on regular shirts. Puma logo is embroidered and BMW logo is silicon.
B00GUXP6NW Hot sneakers! I was looking for sneakers that were a color other than the usual colors manufacturers think women want, pink, purple, white or yellow.  If a woman is buying running sneakers she is obviously going to use them and where I run those colors would get ruined in the first week. When I saw these I was sure that they were mens' sneakers at first, but I was pleasantly surprised when I read they were women's.  I got them a while ago and they fit great and really support my foot.  I recommend these sneakers to any woman that wants more of a variety for color than the usual women's color spectrum in sneakers without sacrificing comfort and durability.
B00GV3GRJI Great shoes. Have not been a big fan of 'traditional' style gym shoes in years. Used to buy Asiscs, but then switched to North Face BOAs (RIP) for outdoors.and Five Fingers for the gym. Bought these to pedal to gym and work out. Very comfortable. Still use the FF for weightlifting, but these are the best traditional style I've tried in 10 years.
B00GV3GRJI He loved them from the moment he opened the box I bought these for my husband who is very picky about his shoes.  He loved them from the moment he opened the box.  He wears them every chance he gets.
B00GW110CI Perfect! What can I say PERFECT! Comfortable and warming very COOL love it! You should try it! I bought another from a different brand not gonna say name but this is Perfect
B00H85H8Q4 Like a lot I have had a few pairs of this type of Puma but in Steel Grey and was looking for more of those in a 7.5 but they have been discontinued so I settled with the black which is all I could find. I really like them... They have a little build up in the arch which is so much easier to wear loger without stress on your feet. They are fashionable, eye catching and awesome to wear. I am picky with my shoes and these were made for me, as long as it lasted.
B00H8PCR7E very nice It fits perfectly and comfortable, the fabric is the best. Puma is the best brand ever, just for the best team of the world
B00HCMTOJW LIKE, LUST, LOVED i SO LOVE THESE, ALTHOUGH THEY DO FEEL A LIL TOO BIG......SO ANY PPL ASKED WHERE DID I GET THEM FROM WHEN I WORE THEM!!!!!!!!! IT WAS A GD BUY FOR ME.
B00HDKKGKY All Purpose Wallet. I haven't carried a wallet in many years.  This is a sweet accessory that will hold up after much wear.
B00HDKKGKY kinda big the quality and finished product are what I expected. The wallet is however a bit wide. If you don't mind a wide wallet than you will like this one. I think its too wide for my personal taste and I no longer use it.
B00HJ82TP0 trendy euro-pants I feel like a hipster.  I am a 35 year old, living in new england...this is not ok.  for wearing around the home office, they rock.  the pockets are a bit cumbersome with too many zippers, etc.  but the pants are adequate.
B00HK7DTIQ Great buy I love it...it's so cuteI will buy again thank youPostage and handling could be lowerIt's way too expensive
B00HNN4MLA Don't bother. First things first: I didn't order these from Amazon, but I feel that a review is needed.I ordered these as I wanted to spice up my workout wardrobe. Very first time I tried them on, they ripped in the calf area. Mind you, I actually sized up because I was worried these would run small. Unfortunately, I could not exchange them because they are no longer available in my size. I've mended the rip, but I rarely use them. I'm scared they'll rip again.Not only that, they are just...plain old regular leggings. Transparent, to boot. Found this the hard way in barre class.Two stars because the print is cute and the customer service at the site I ordered these from was really nice. Other than that, I'll stick to other workout pants, thank you.
B00HR18QFG too small I got the galaxy.....does not fit.........what is up with that............so now I have to pay shipping back...to get my money back.............false advertising...
B00HSE4ZFC Size It was More like xxl after washing it, which is what I expected from these kinds of shirts for this price
B00HSH997S My fault. Yes they were to small.  But I am not good a returning things so I gave them to a little girl.
B00HSH997S Great for school and activities I bought these for may girls ages 9 and 7. They love them and fit a little big now, but I know they will grow into them.They both like the look and feel of them.  They are quite thick so I am hopeful they will last quite a while before holes start.  So far so good
B00HSH99DW Decent quality for the money Not thick and cushiony, but won't fall apart first wash, either. My six year old boy/girl twins will both wear them and like them.
B00HSH9C4I my luck They were too small for me. I got them in a timely fashion & loved them until I tried one on. So now my daughter wears them.
B00HSH9C4I Too small. These are way too small. Wasted money and not worth returning. I won't won't be buying from Puma again.s
B00HUY9HVC Better luck next time Very disappointed... thought it was based on shore size for boys when I received the product it did not match up at all.
B00HV4BBKG Great Wallet But A Bit To Big I Really Like The Wallet Bit To Big But A Great Wallet Came Really Packaged Nice And Protected Overall I Love It Everyone Should Get It!!!!!
B00HZWXWME A little long The colour is great, the pattern is lovely and the fit was as expected for the size but the length was long.
B00I9DPIEI LOVE this hat This is my new favorite hat. When I saw a cut n sew puma hat I was in. I got the brown since it will go with everything. I love the look, the simple design, and the feel of the fabric. It is almost like linen
B00I9GTJMM Secure and dependable I purchased black, white and florescent yellow Puma golf shoes and they arrived on time and were exactly as the seller described. They were great quality and my husband was very happy.
B00I9GTJMM Butter Best golf shoes I've ever owned.  No question about it.  If you're reading these reviews to confirm or deny a purchase, just do yourself a favor and buy them.  If you've had a bad experience with Puma before (I have), block that out of your mind.  These are not your older brother's Pumas.
B00I9GU8VS Excellent eyewear Bought these at Costco for $25 and loved them.  They are now at the bottom of the lake and I'm having trouble spending $60 to replace them since Costco doesn't have them anymore.  But they sure were clear and comfortable, even while jetskiing.  They don't float.
B00I9V1IGC Good thin sock. 2 Orange & grey, 2 blue & grey and 2 white & grey. Perfect for summer in shoes or for around the house instead of slippers. He likes wearing them.
B00I9V1IGC too small to adjust its too small i feel very uncomfortable i dont want return these i can adjust so no more issues for this item
B00IEVFFN4 Not mesh polo fabric shirt. Nice and comfortable shirt fabric, however the shirt fabric is not mesh polo.The Puma branding and FIGC official badge are not embroidered as described,  they are graphic pigment print as the letters ITALIA on the chest.Fit as expected.
B00IEVFFN4 Very thin For the price, I was disappointed with the quality.  Manufacture seems ok, but the fabric is very thin - basically a T-shirt with collar.  Fits small - had to return the large for an X-large (no, I am not in denial about my weight gain - all my other shirts are still Large!)Overall, satisfied I have something to wear during the World Cup but I do not have much hope in the shirt's durability.
B00IEVFNWC Show Pride Forza Italia
B00IEVFNWC Pleased with my purchase I have no complaints about the Italia t-shirt.  I received it as expected and the fit was perfect. Forza Azzurri!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00IKDJYVA GREAT FOR GYMNASTICS Purchased this for my Grandson who love his gymnastics class. This outfit allows him to be more comfortable during his workouts and looks adorable in it. Made very well and fits well.
B00IKDJYVA Perfect size and fit. Worth the $ This outfit was fantastic . It fit my  3 yr old  grandson perfectly . He looks adorable in it as well as looking like he is ready for the NBA .
B00ILXTRZC Ferrari Cap, exceed my expectations! Excellent Finish both interior and exterior, nice fabric materials, perfect rubberized Ferrari logo. Red detail under the visor making it more discreetly sport. I recommend this cap.
B00IO6YCWY I really like these products because of their low prices I really like these products because of their low prices!I would suggest these products and also the use of your intarnational site to all off my friends!!!I also was really satisfied of their dilivery!!
B00IO6YCWY Mediums Run Way Small Muuuch smaller than than a traditional medium.
B00IO6YCWY Fit is Too Small I like the seem in front which would have given a better fit because I am well endowedhowever... I DISLIKED the fact that the leg holes had no 'give' and the fit was overall smaller than advertised.  Someone who fits a large needs and Extra Large.Not a great product
B00IOGCNSE Very satisfied We all loved this Puma baby boy jacket, creeper, and pant set. They fit the baby very well and looked so good on him.
B00IR939CM Ready for the World Cup!!! I bought this extraordinary soccer perf set for my baby son in green and yellow ( representing Brazilian colors:-) and the whole family loved!. Great idea to celebrate the World Cup!
B00ITTM8AY Best flip flops ever !!! They are completely comfortable !!! Soft, easy to put on, last looonnggg time even with daily use. Completely worth the price.
B00IULGZK0 Didn't like that much I give it a two because it wasn't what I was expected when I got it and look it look too much like a plastic shoe so I didn't like it that much.
B00IY2KHL8 NOT TH SIXE THAT WAS ADVEISED ewwww tooo small.... DONT BUY.
B00IY2KHL8 Disappointed Company advertised as kids socks but when i received them they are clearly for toddlers not 9 year old boys. When I went to return them I had to pay for shipping. Company should better advertise sizes and 2 thumbs down that I had to pay for return  shipping.
B00J4RXO4E products pruchased Everyone of the pruchases mentioned works and looks as advertised.  I really think that they are all great.
B00JE8TNMK New Pajamas for my grandson I purchased this for my grandson and he loved it! Fit was great and the color was so bright. He will get a lot of wear out of this new pajamas. He wanted to wear them as a short set at first lol
B00JE8TNMK Great summer sports outfit for hot Florida weather. Fits as expected. May be a little small but my son is also husky.I just got them. So I am not sure how they hold up yet.
B00JE8TSX4 Puma - Kids Boys 2-7 Cat Perforated Set Great set for young boys.  The color and fit are perfect, and, MOST IMPORTNTLY, my great grandson thinks they're COOL.  He's correct, they are 'cool'.
B00JFOPRUK One Star Showed too much leg and my daughter refused to wear them.
B00JH5F9MS Lookin good Great little outfits. Got these for my boy and he looks good in them. Something different from the normal gallons or sports outfits in every baby store. They last after several washes from him spitting up on them. Definitely going to get something similar as he gets older.
B00JHAV9MM I think is knock off. but still a nice tank I like the tank but I think is knock off. I will return it if I find this same color combination this weekend at the outlet store
B00JRGK8NM Decent Fits my size 8.5 feet but I suspect they will shrink in the wash and be tight,  hole formed after wore once.  Pic is true to color.
B00JVUR0LM Awesome! This shirt is awesome! I ordered it for my husband and he almost cried! It is a very classy, vintage design and the price is very reasonable.
B00JVUR328 DO NOT BUY! I ordered this item and received a long-sleeve, red, heavy sweat shirt with a 7 on the back and USA across the front. The design was totally different and very disappointing. DO NOT BUY!!!!
B00JVUR328 Totally different item than is pictured. I ordered this item and received a long-sleeve, red, heavy sweat shirt with a 7 on the back and USA across the front. The design was totally different, but more importantly, it wasn't any where near the style of shirt that is pictured. I will be returning the item immediately.
B00JVUR9UO Rugby shirt is dynamite! Perfect American sizing and fit!  The material is so soft and comfortable and the shirt is an awesome addition to anyone's closet.  Especially US Rugby fans!
