B0000722QT Puma Shoes Puma shoes are awesome!! they are so comfy and very cute! They also have TONS of colors so you have many many style choices.
B000074A7G Awesome Comfy Puma Sneakers These sneakers are among the best I have ever had. You should buy them because they are wonderfully comfy, fairly cheap for Pumas and adorably cute to wear.
B000FPLEOG very cute It looks very cute. but just a little expensive. Anyway, i like puma. By the way, after book this shoes, 1$ was missing, besides 44$, I don't know why?
B000IMY344 teeny-tiny Cute t-shirt, but insanely small sizes. Anorexically tiny. Don't order this unless you are super skinny.
B000K7EIME Great fit! When I fist put these on they felt uncomfortable but wore them around the house for a while and now they are my go to shoes.  They're cute too!
B000R4XHRC Nice and comfy! Love the shoes, they fit perfectly and looks great, they're so cute.  They were exactly as I expected them to be!
B0019E8I5U shoes These shoes are very comfy to walk in for long periods of time- once you break them in. Very cute, they make my big feet look smaller- for once!
B001B55JMC cute but painful i love the way this shoe looks but can never wear them for more than an hour or couple of hours at a time. the curve of the shoe (going from the big toe to the small toe) is a little abrupt so my third and fourth toe always get crushed and hurt after a while. also it runs a bit narrow so the half size bigger was more comfortable but would fall off the heel like slippers every time i'd take a step! its cute but painful and complicated!!! wish they could design it better.
B001B55JMC cute but floppy These shoes are super cute but they were very floppy on my foot.  They fit perfectly in length but they just flopped off my foot like a flip flop. I have a medium foot width so maybe they would work better with a wider foot.
B001B57ZN8 cute but order up these were very cute and i normally wear a size 8.5 in all shoes...however these were pretty snug, almost painful to walk in. if you purchase these i'd recommend ordering a half size up.
B001B57ZN8 cute & comfortable Love these shoes. Run true to size and aren't too narrow. Not much support, but that's obvious by the picture. I can still wear them for a long time. So lightwight! I will be buying these in additional colors!
B001CHCT4U Cute shoes I have just received my order from Amazon.  I have check everywhere, the price at Amazon just much better then anywhere else.  This is very cute shoes, however, it just for looks.  I tried it on, it felt a little smaller then other brand of the same size.  It's not that comfortable as my Sketcher or other brands of walking and running shoes.  I got a black/white/blue one.  I would not recommend to have it on for a long time, it's not that supported on the heels.  Again, for the price and service you pay at Amazon, you can't complaint too much.  Thanks.
B001CHCTMC pumas There cute, I really like them but there not very comfortable. they give blisters on the back of my feet.And they wernt in very good shape when I got them "new"
B001CHF4GK Not a good fit Tried a similar shoe on in the store but found this one a whole lot cheaper online.  Not the same fit!  Cute but very uncomfortable.
B001CHG1YY Great comfort and cute too These were ordered for a teen but they are adorable and comfortable for anyone.  Unisex so could be used for either.
B001CHG1YY Cute shoes! I love the color and they're really comfortable. I've worn them about ten times and I would say that they're quality sneakers.
B001F7AKIE So cute! These are so cute.  They are flexible, but sturdy enough for the playground.  They look really cute with ruffle socks and a dress.  I was so glad to find them online for $30.  They arrived just 2 days after I ordered them!
B001F7ASZY Very Cute!!! I love these shoes! I tend do dress my 2 year old daughter in trendy clothing, yet I understand she also needs to be comfortable enough to play. I am always looking for cute tennis shoes for her that will match her cloths, but usually they are big bulky shoes.  These, however, are perfect! They have the tread I want her to have in tennis shoes, yet they have the ballet flat look that matches pretty much all her clothes, including shorts.  Plus, they are so easy to slip on, which is super important for moms on the go. I hope this style stays around so I can buy more as her foot grows!
B001FA1RNS cute & comfy nice product but i had to return it because the sizes run smaller then usual. my daughter has fat feet.
B001H0F93K Cute, but that is it. These shoes are so cute, they look great.  I bought the black/silver/aqua color combo.  But cute is where it ends.  I've had them for a month, and they're pretty uncomfortable.  I think flip-flops provide as much support.  I wanted to wear them for mild athletic activities, like walking a couple miles.  Ouch!  They're cute for if you're just going out casual, but that is all.  My 4 y.o. pumas are much better for softball or anything else athletic.
B001H0FDIQ these are great! I have three pairs of these and could keep buying more just to have them in every color. I have wide feet and they are comfy; it's not easy to find shoes that look this cute and fit my feet! I am on my feet a good part of the day and they are very comfy. Everyone compliments them. Buy them, you'll love them!
B001H0G0J2 Cute Shoes! These shoes are very cute. No arch support so I would suggest inserts. Definitely not a shoe to work out in but good for every day wear.
B001HOET00 Price tag was in there... I said this is a gift! The product was great!  It was very cute on my friend.  But when he opened the box (I told Amazon that this is a gift and they put this T-shirt into a cute box), he found a price tag in it.  I was very disappointed because Amazon said that there won't be any price tag in it.I hope it won't happen again.
B001KW0GWE Disfunctional The styling of these things is squealingly cute but functionality is less than zero.  The hole for the foot is too small and since the leather is patent the tongue is really stiff and cuts into the ankle.  It doesn't bend and when my daughter tried to walk it was worse than Frankenstein's monster.  Poor thing.  I tried to move the tongue over to the side because I was desperate for them to work (I mentioned the cute-factor, right?) but it wouldn't go far enough over to not cut into her ankle.  Had to send them right back to Puma.  Waste of time.  Don't they test these things on kids before they sell them?
B001KW0I36 Cute shoes They are very cute. True to size and were promptly delivered. My ONLY complaint is that the pearl white color on the shoes flaked off and scuffed immediately. My daughter only got to wear these cute shoes a couple of times before they had to be "PLAY SHOES"
B001KW0I36 Cute little shoe I ordered these for my 5 year old- she loves them.  They seem to run a little small- had to send them back for a 1/2 size up.
B001NXBT58 Cute tee I ordered this top for my daughter to match her new pumas. It was a fast delivery and was really cute on. It was also true to size.
B001OOMT3M Somewhat tight Really cute sneakers, but they fit a bit tight on my feet and I ordered my normal size. I have to loosen up the velcro. These sneakers are more for fashion rather than working out or jogging.
B001OOMU68 So cute... but bad fit for me I really wanted to like these!  They are really cute and was hoping to use them as shoes to commute to and from work but unfortunately they were just not comfortable on me.  The sides rub on my ankle bones in a weird way.
B001OOMU68 Very cute but hurts ankle These are very cute.  I got them in silver.  They don't seem very breathable so I should wear socks with them otherwise they will start to stink badly like my Merrells.  On the way to work today these shoes cut into my ankle and I had to put a bandage over it.  Perhaps I just need to break in these shoes.
B001R4C5PG Expected more Cute but doesn't look as nice after the first wash. Expected better material from Puma brand.
B001RJM3S0 cute hoodie.......... This hoodie has a great colour, is very soft and fits true to size. Will keep you warm and look cute even with a pair of jeans. It is a nice fit top the body and not baggy. Puma always makes good quality clothes and thank you to Amazon for carrying hard to find and unique items.
B001VH81PM Really Cute but little support! These sneakers are really cute but they definitely run about a half size smaller - at least for me.  The one problem is they don't have much support so if you are looking for support these are not the best sneakers. I would say these are great for walking around/hanging out but not for any serious walking/running (which is why they are called the Street sneaker, I assume).
B001VH81PM Love Yes, order a size larger! I ordered it in brown, it's too cute.I like it but it isn't GREAT quality.
B001VH8GRA So cute!! I have gotten so many compliments!  Very cute and comfortable.  I think they were a great deal too!
B001VKXHP8 Super cute, but run small These were very cute and comfortable.  They do though, run a bit small.  I always wear an 8-1/2 and these hurt my toes after some time.  So, I gave them to a friend.
B001VKXHP8 SUPER CUTE AND COMFY SHOES!!!!! Love the sneakers!!!!I bought the pink and black and it's super cute,my husband was impressed with the quality and design and told me that this is a good purchase and he  might buy the mens version of the voltaic II.It has good arch support and very comfortable no problems using it to workout and walk.Bought the size i usually wear(have the speed cat in 6.5)and it fits perfectly.Im really happy with these shoes and planning on getting more in different colors.I highly recommend these shoes to everyone specially to picky shoppers like me,plus you can't beat the price you'll pay ordering on this website....THANK YOU AMAZON!!!!!!!
B0023B26V0 huge fit...but so cute kept for a yr THESE FIT ABOUT 2 SIZES TOO BIG..however super cute. My daughter loves them. Kept them for her to grow into.
B0023NV4NY Great looking shoe! My 13 yr old daughter fell in love with these and I got them for her for her birthday last year. They are very cute shoes. I've even worn them a couple of times as our feet are the same size. My daughter was a kids 4 1/2 -5 and I got the big kids 5 1/2.
B0023NV9Q6 love it look soo cute on my son. Light and flexible enough for him to walk and run comfortably. Puma design is the main choice of our purchase
B0028Y4SJ0 Comfy I ordered these cause I love Puma products and I thought they would be cute shorts to wear around the house or work out in. They are super comfy and breezy and at a great price.
B0029NYAHK Love my backpack! Not only is it cute - it alsotakes the strain of my heavy college books off my back!
B002AKKCII cute as a button!! These shoes are cute and super light! Great for running around town and add a little pizzaz to my workout clothes. However, as I am in the fitness industry, I would not wear these shoes to workout in- I prefer something with a little more support through the arch. As I said though, super cute and help to finish off my workout outfits. :)
B002C4KANY Super Cute, only 1 complaint These shoes are super cute and can be worn with so many things. My only complaint is that upon first wearing them the back really rubbed the back of my foot and caused a blister. I would assume you don't need to wear socks with these since they are a ballet flat - so I am hoping that this dissipates as they get 'broken in'.
B002EL31HM Very Cute Very Cute and confortable shoes, my daughter loves them, true to size. They are just like they look!
B002EL39XS Excellent!! Very cute shoes for little baby girls, they are very easy to put them on their little feet and they don't slip easily from their feet.
B002EL3B7W Super cute I think this shoes are super cute, and the straps make it easier to put on.
B002EL3KQE Vety Cute These are really cute. When the puma lights up you can see its bones. My 7 year old really liked them.
B002EL3KQE Super cute My daughter love them! Blue puma on the side lights up when she walks, but it lights up showing the skeleton inside - she is an animal love and got a crack out of it!
B002EL3KQE So Cute! My daughter is a 6.5 in toddlers and I ordered a size 7 and they fit perfect. The picture doesn't really show too well that that the sneaker has some gray on it on the front portion but it goes really nicely with the white and pink. My daughter loves how they light up!
B002EL3KQE So Cute! Wonderful little sneakers. They were a bit snug, but no complaints from my son. The light up feature is not annoying, just a little twinkle. The shoes are very light-weight. I ordered a size 1 for my 5 year old but I wish I would've gotten a 1.5 for room to grow. Still, I'm happy with my purchase from Amazon.
B002EL3KQE Little girl loves her shoes Love these shoes cute and comfortable  my daughter had to have tennis shoes wanted something cute girly and athletic these were all the above!
B002EL3KQE Perfect The shoes are so cute and our granddaughter simply loved them. She didn't want to take them off. Fun and comfortable.
B002EL3KQE Very cute, but wears fast My daughter loved them, but they stopped flashing after only about 6 weeks of wear.  I would consider buying them again however.
B002EL3KQE Super cute but not good quality These shoes are super cute, light on the side works very well, and lasts a long time.  However, the quality is not up to Puma's name. We've only had it for 3 months, and my daughter does not wear it all the time. The Velcro strip is already starting to peel off from the shoes. Also I found that the tongue is designed very low, sometimes it's hard to squeeze the baby's feet into the shoes without loosen up the Velcros all the way.
B002EL3KQE cute I didn't want to spend time in tieing shoes and these are super cute and easy to put on my baby.
B002EL3KQE Cute but runs a little tight. Size up! Shoe runs a little right and small but shoe is really cute and cool. Am returning and sizing it up.
B002EL3KQE perfect sneakers. got them in pink for my daughter, she loves the x=ray type of light feature. The puma's skeleton light up, so cute! I , on the other hand, love the velcro feature...so hard to find cute shoes with velcro on them.
B002EL3KQE Cute and fun 3.5yo and 18mo boys both love these shoes. They have the purple ones as well. Highly recommend color and shoe in general.
B002EL3KQE fun shoes These are cute and my 4 year old son likes them, but they fit a little narrow and he needs help getting them on.
B002EL3KQE Buy them every year Super cute - go a size larger - both of my kids love them (boy and girl) - we buy them every year in a different color
B002EL3KQE Very cute, need to order a size or 2 bigger than usual The shoes are very cute and my 2 year old loves them. Didn't want to take it off. The only thing is it fits him exact, so it does not seem that he will be able to wear them for long. He normally wears between 6 & 6.5 so I really thought by ordering the 7 it would have been bigger. Was a bit disappointed by the size but really love the shoes especially how it lights up.
B002EL3KQE Too cute! My 3 year old loves light up shoes and this is a cute, but not too corny light up shoe!! They seem to be very comfortable, he wears them to preschool and also wears them while running around at the park.
B002EL3KQE Cute shoe! This is a super cute shoe -although the light in the cat is incredibly bright- strobe like! It does run a bit small (compared to StrideRight IMO) so make to pull out insole and measure fit before wearing. There's a nice measure guide printed on the insole.
B002EL3KQE not wide enough for comfort my boys  wld not let me return this pair -- honestly, its too cute with the light up showing offf the big cats skeleton and all..  but they don't actually wear it  with a high degree of comfort, are fiddling with it, and just plain want it off after a while., super cute but not functional.  i'm not a fan of going up a lot of sizes to get fit, because then other things go wrong.  stride rite, and new balance have adorable light ups that fit better.
B002EL3KQE Cute Shoes - Stiff Upper I got these shoes (in a larger size) for my 17 month old daughter.  She loves how they light up and wants to wear them constantly even though they are still a little big.  I really like that the inner sole comes out so you can measure and see if the shoe will fit, but it is difficult to work that back into the shoe nice and flat.  Also, I find the velcro straps are hard to open all the way which makes it difficult to pull the tongue up to open the shoe.  With a wriggly little girl, I need a nice open shoe that's easy to put on her foot and these are a little hard to manage.  All that said, they are super cute and seem well made.
B002EL3KQE Perfect Very cute shoes, the puma cat lights up, how cool is that!!! My child absolutely loves them, I will be buying more
B002EL3KQE Great shoes These are very cute, light up Puma lights up brightly.  I ordered one size up based on reviews, so far so good, my so. Hasn't worn them much yet, but he loves them.
B002EL3KQE SO SO Cute! You have to buy these shoes for your little guy! Such a different look than the trashy sketcher light-up shoes.  And they light up with the actual skeleton of the puma, so cute.  My son gets compliments all the time, and everyone asks me where I found them.
B002EL3KQE Fun, Affordable Shoes! My Kindergartener loves her new shoes. They are cute, comfortable and fun. They do seem to run a little on the small side as the 12 I ordered fit her just fine and she had just outgrown a 10 in another brand of sneaker. I love the grey-pink color combination.
B002EL3KQE Cool Shoes Very cute shoes.  They look great and my 2 year old loves the light up Puma.  I also bought a pair for my niece since they were so cute.  I do recommend buying a size bigger though since they do run a little small.
B002EL3KQE So stinking cute, but the sizing stinks more! They are very cool shoes and I am jealous that I cannot wear them! The light is super bright and they seem to be very well made. Major problem though... The shoes seem to run way small. My son is barely in 8s so that is the size I bought, thinking he can wear them for a while... But no - they barely fit him and are super tight without socks on! Now they don't have 9's on here but he has already seen them so I don't know what to do.
B002EL3KQE Best light up My son adores them. Cute to see an 8 yr old so proud of his shoes. Best looking light-up option on the market. I wish more colors had been available.
B002EL3KQE too small!!!!!! MAKE SURE YOU ORDER 2 SIZES UP!!! I READ SOME PPL WRITING THAT AND I SHOULD'VE LISTENED. BUT I DIDN'T AND MY SON DIDN'T GET TO WEAR IT FOR LONG. OTHERWISE THEY ARE REALLY CUTE SNEAKERS!!!!!
B002EL3KQE so cute but unwearable absoultely tiny. size 11 could barely get on my daughter for whom all other 11s are too big.whole puma lights up, though, it would have been amazing.
B002EL3KQE Very cute!! Got compliments :-) This is a very cute shoe. We love them on our son. He got so many compliments first time he wore. We are very happy with this purchase.
B002EL3KQE Too cute Extremely cute and comfortable and durable, even in winter. I'm just bummed that my daughter outgrew this pair too quickly, but my son fits into this pair now :) Money well spent.
B002EL3KQE Cute shoes The fit is snug. The reviews that suggest buying a size larger are correct. They are cute shoes though, and my son loves them.
B002EL3KQE Too cute! Although my son isn't using them yet, they look and feel very well made.Other light up shoes are very bulky and heavy, I chose this ones because they are very light and they look nice with everything he wears.
B002EL3KQE Super dee doo per Super cute! They light up with the skeleton of the cat - my son loves them. Buy them for sure.
B002EL3KQE very cute but run 2 sizes small These are very cute and my son, 5 years old, loves to see the cat skeleton light up. They are unusual and I haven't seen anyone else at his school with them and he's very proud of that. :) They do run VERY small and narrow -- we had to order 2 sizes up -- and they are very stiff at first and seem to be made of cheap materials.
B002EL3KQE Super cute and great for even the littlest runners! My son was 18 months old when I first purchased these for him and we couldn't be happier with this purchase. The shoes are light weight and don't cause any tripping as some other shoes have with him. Added super awesome bonus are the light up Puma's on the side that display a skeleton. Even my 4 year old daughter was envious. ;)
B002EL3KQE Very cute Cute shoes... the lights are very cool and my toddler loves them.  They run a little small and they're pretty stiff, but otherwise great shoes.
B002EL3KQE so cute Bought these for my daughter's first shoes and she looks so cute in them walking around with them lighting up. Pumas are great lightweight shoes for toddlers but as with all pumas these run slightly small so be aware of that when buying.
B002EL3LZE cute shoes My daughter has only worn these a couple times so far, but they are super cute. I ordered the size she normally wears, and they fit great. The quality seems nice--only time will tell for sure!
B002EL3MCQ cute Really cute baby girl shoes. The double velcro makes it easy to put on a baby. Light weight. easy for babies to walk.
B002EL3MCQ comfy! We bought this pair for our 5yr old daughter to wear on PE days. These are very cute shoes and true to size. She loves them so much that she wears them everyday!
B002EL3MCQ LOVE these! I got these for my son. SO cute and fit great.  The straps are alittle tricky for my 4 year old but super cute.
B002EL3MCQ Cute shoes I love these shoes. So did my daughter. They were a great fit and since the velcro crisis crossed the shoe it was hard for her to take them off in the car. We have these in multiple sizes.
B002EL3MCQ LOVE THESE!! Absolutely love these shoes!! They fit perfect and my little 18 month of boy loves them too!!  Super cute and they go with everything
B002EL3MCQ Soooo cute! Soooo cute! Just like advertised. Though they do run small, so be careful when ordering! Oh, and my 18 month old seems to like them!
B002EL3MCQ cute These sneakers are perfect for my son who hates tieing his shoes!! Plus they're light weight so easy to run in.
B002EL3MCQ Excellent Love these shoes!  Very easy to get on/off.  My 3 year old can even do it.  Very cute and stylish as well.
B002EL3MCQ Wide but cute These are a tiny bit wide, but still fit well because the Velcro is very secure. Very cute shoes, will be great for summer.
B002EL3MCQ Puma Shoes Love these shoes for my daughter.  She loves them too.  They are very comfortable and she has gotten lots of compliments on how cute she looks in her sporty shoes!
B002EL3MCQ Great buy I'm a huge fan of Puma for my kids and these did not disappoint. Super cute and comfortable for him.
B002EL3MCQ awesome buy! I love these shoes sooo cute and inexpensive would buy more from puma from amazon.com in the future :))) definately would recomend them they were the perfect size for my son!
B002EL3MCQ Good Shoe These Puma shoes were very cute.  I bought them for my grandson, the only problem that I had was his foot is growing and I haven't found the right size to fit him, he is in between sizes, and I had to ship them back.  He was really upset about that.  Overall I really like the shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Awesome shoes These are the 3rd pair of pumas I have purchased and I love them!! They fit great and look so cute on my little boy!!!
B002EL3MCQ Super cute Super cute for my girl and can probably be used for boy as well. The fit is perfect and the style is sporty
B002EL3MCQ So Cute! Love this shoe, it's so cute on my son!  I get lots of compliments for them.  I hate that he destroys them by falling or dragging his feet, but they're so cute I'll definitely have to get new ones when he out grows these.  They're good shoes and they stand up to his abuse, they just don't look at nice an white after he's worn them for lets say...5 mintues!  It's just me, I like to have my white sneakers pristine.
B002EL3MCQ Cute and comfy! Lightweight yet durable, good for all seasons. Very easy to put on, even with the tiniest fingers. My 5 year old loves!
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Super cute, appear comfortable and easy to get on and off since its velcro.  My daughter is 22 months and loves them
B002EL3MCQ Cute but no half size Adorable sturdy looking shoe, easy on off velcro, opens wide but... We tried an 9 and a 10 for my 3 yr old son. One was too big, the other too small and there are no half sizes until the bigger sizes. Hopefully we'll grow into Puma's cuz they're so cute... but for now, these had to go back.
B002EL3MCQ Super cute and material feels durable My 6 year old likes it a lot. The material used are durable and have with stood quite a bit of abuse in the parks but still going strong. Usually my 6yr old's shoes last for 3-4 months with all the playing, this one feels like will last for 6-8 months. Happy so far.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Very cute shoes. True to size. We get lots of compliments and my 2 1/2 year old can just about put them on himself. Would definitely recommend.
B002EL3MCQ So cute! When my son started walking at 7.5 months I had to get him shoes especially in the fall/winter in Michigan. These shoes are so cute and he doesn't seem to be bothered by them, he's now 11 months old and the size (4) I ordered fit him from about 9-10 months the best, they no longer fit but I'll definitely be ordering them again.
B002EL3MCQ These shoes are so cute! We love these shoes.  My daughter loves them and thinks they are so cool and wants to wear them everyday!
B002EL3MCQ Cute. I bought this for my little one and I liked it a lot. Looks so cute and the white color mixed with the black gave it a special look.
B002EZZQBM Meh Very cute shoes, but they make my feet really sweaty and aren't all that comfy for such a pricy pair of flats.
B002EZZQBM Love these! I have gotten so many compliments on these!  so cute!  very comfortable and stylish enough for work and play!
B002EZZRKC SO cute Pumas!! I ordered the black with the violet color on the bottom. I get compliments on these Pumas all the time. Not only are they stylish, but super comfortable and lightweight! Great deal. Don't hesitate!
B002EZZT00 Plum/Pink/Violet Color Love these shoes! They are super cute and I received several compliments on them. Order a half a size up though because like most Pumas they are cut small.
B002HEWUUK Super Cute I loved these for my 3 month old daughter.  They are incredibly cute but she doesn't really need them and she kicks them off.  I think they are a little pricey for shoes for an infant.
B002NKM9K4 Cute for everyday and a night out! I love this wristlet. Its the perfect size for a cell phone, makeup, and money. Love it!! Very cute and Stylish.
B002TKKKFY My preteen loves this Bought this as a Christmas Present. My daughter looks so cute in this. She wears it over jeans or pants and it looks really nice. The colors are bright and vivid.
B002YX0YJ8 Love these shoes! I wanted some cute casual everyday sneakers, and saw these online at nordstroms. I checked on Amazon to see if they had a better price on them, and of course they did! The size was perfect and I love the color! They are really cute and have gotten many compliments on them!
B002Z12RU8 Very comfortable~! I just bought these.  THe only thing I thought at first was that they were super cute.  But they are very comfortable.  I have very high arches and cant ever find shoes that actually support them without buying insoles.  These hug my arches perfectly.  I would recommend them to anyone.
B0035RQV08 Cute jacket A lightweight jacket that I bought for my little girl to match some Puma Hightop sneakers. Very cute
B00361FPKK Super Cute & Comfy! Love the shorts.  I bought them for running and they are great!  Comfortable and cute - what more can you ask for?!!
B0037KMO1S Good Cute Shoe I disagree quite a bit with the previous post. The shoes were very comfy as I expected them to be.  The are well cushioned on the inside and are made of a soft cotton canvas upper.  They bend easily for extra comfort. I got them for work and got tons of compliments.  Unfortunately,  I walk quite a bit at work and these shoes have met the end.  Great shoe for a little bit of cute comfort... probably not as durable for work.
B0039PTHKC Handy and cute. Love the color, love the pattern, love how lightweight it is.Usually, the bigger bags mean they're heavy, and it just adds to the weight I put on my shoulder...this one doesn't.It's lightweight (not cheaply made though).Definitely a casual bag, but totally cute.
B003AIKPNQ Cute Cute Cute! I bought this for my son to wear to soccer practice.  It's such a cute shirt and fits very well.  No complaints!
B003AU4PYE SO cute on my 1 year old! We love them, they are not too clunky for my beginner walker, and they look so cute on my little guy. :) Love them!
B003BNY8QK My boyfriend love it Rally nice and simple ... for why its worth I think its rally cute the color, and the texture. Thank you
B003DTZICA Cute, but a lot of money for "cute" Not all that great for the money. Nice shape, but not a wonderful watch. The buttons are really sensitive and just not placed very well. I feel like every time i move my sleve to check the time I switch the mode.
B003EE7SSQ Adorable Cute shoes for running around town. They are super comfortable. Would not suggest for long distances but can be mixed and matched with lots of different items. Would recommend.
B003EE7SSQ Love It! Love this shoe...comfy and cute.  Great quality.  Runs a little big though, I recommend going a half size down
B003EE7XGS pumas The shoes are super cute. The laces are very slippery and they don't stay tied all that well, but I am sure once they get some good wear they will tie just fine.
B003EE7XGS nice....cute.. stylish....Runs Small Nice shoes really stylish n cute ....wayyyyyy too small....when I put this against a size 11 shoes my tot has its no different .... Get a bigger size
B003EE9KNW Nice sneaks! My sneaks arrived as scheduled and are just as expected. Very comfy and very cute!  I'm wearing them right now!
B003EE9O4W These were so cute - did not run small for us I ended up returning these b/c all of the reviews said to go 1 size up. I ordered an 8 instead of a 7 for my 2 yr old daughter and they were much too large. Maybe it's also a question of width of foot? I will definitely re-order though when the time comes...So cute!
B003EE9O4W Running SHoe Very cute with a great fit BUT daughter complains her feet hurt after wearing them an hour....Don't know if it's just the fit or the brand
B003EE9O4W Cute and Durable My son moved up to the older group at daycare and they go out to the playground twice per day so I needed to make sure that he had a durable and comfortable shoe.  Even though they're a little pricey, they were totally worth it.  They fit him comfortably and they're not too bulky for early walkers.  They're also super stylish and people commented on how cute they were on him.
B003EE9O4W Fit too small Super cute shoes, but fit more like an 8 or smaller. Definitely not a 9. Would buy again in a larger size.
B003EE9O4W Love them! I love these shoes they are sooo cute!! I ordered puma before for my son and they seem to run a little small, as with this pair. No problem just 1/2 a size up if they come that way. These are really cute though!
B003EE9O4W Were cute but too small These run small. I probably should have bought two sizes bigger. They were cute though. I would have reordered if they had the right size.
B003EE9O4W cute these are real cute. I ordered the island green/vibrant yellow. The green is more greener than expected. from the picture i had thought it would be more pastel but the suede part of the shoe is more green than i had hoped for. they are still cute but a bit of a let down.
B003EE9O4W very cute I bought these for my trio and they fit perfectly and are very easy to wipe clean and are very stylish!
B003EE9P14 cute but size is off Cute shoes but sizing is way off. I usually wear an 8 and got these in 7.5 and they're at least a size too big.Bought them for zumba class but cannot wear them due to sizing problems :(
B003EE9PBY these were cute My daughter wore these for quite some time. The little rhinestone accents are tiny but, never the less adorable. She received good wear from these sneakers.
B003EEBF80 Comfortable and sporty and cute! These are the third pair of ballet flats I own, and the only ones that my feet love.  They did rub on the heel for a very short time, because of the elastic hugging the heel, but after a short while, I grew used to them.  Now I love them- with jeans or rolled up jeans, a wonderful option as we're transitioning from boots to flip flops here in Indiana!  I've had several people stop me and ask me about them, so they're cute as well as comfy!
B003EEH7NM Cute but NOT well made My son has wide feet, so I like the Puma sneaks for him. They are so cute and stylish, but this pair I got didn't last long. The velco (that goes across the top to close the sneaker) ripped within a week. He's had Puma's in the past that held up well, but these didn't. I won't buy Puma's again because of the poor quality.
B003EEH7NM Cute sneaks I love these, but they don't have princesses on them and they aren't pink so my daughter doesn't wear them very often.  They are, however, very cute and she gets tons of compliments on them wherever we go.  Not sure when I'll have the patience to teach my daughter how to tie her shoes (I have Amazon reviews to write!), so the velcro makes it easy for her to put them on herself.  My only issue with these sneakers is that the tongue tends to slide down into the shoe.  It's weird.
B003EEH7NM Love them Very cute.....my daughter absolutely loves them. She wanted to wear them the minute we took them out of the box!
B003EEH7NM Run big Run a little larger than other Puma styles if the same size. Be prepared for them to be big but very cute .
B003EEH7NM Cute Second pair for my son.  He had one when he was 3yrs old.  Easy to put on, durable, looks good with everything.
B003EEH7NM Love it My daughter was so happy with these shoes. She can take them off and on by herself and they are very cute and well made. Good fit too.
B003EEH7NM Love it! This shoes are very cute and of high quality. I especially like the color, very pretty red. My daughter loves how they fit, and the fact that she doesn't have to tie shoelaces for her PE class anymore!
B003FZ9DXW What girls will do for cute shoes... So cute, however not so comfortable. I had to wear them like 15 times before I broke them in...I loved them so much I was determinded to get them to be comfortable. After all that work, they are pretty good...not for exercising or walking for hours but good for normal activities they're good.
B003FZFTA8 Cute Shoes but... I bought these shoes for my daughter who has several pairs of Pumas but these are not going to work out. They are very cute but they are on the narrow side. My daughter wears 11 and all of her other pumas are in 11 but these shoes hurt her feet. After wearing them about an hour while walking at the mall she got two blisters on both pinky toes. Maybe if I had of read the reviews first I would have made a different choice but this is not our first time buying this brand so I figured it would be OK.
B003KK6664 Adorable Activewear for My Daughter. Toddler yoga pants that can be worn to gymnastics, dance, free play and just about any activity, and look cute doing so. I bought with the coordinating Puma jacket, and it was just perfect for about everything active she could do. Great fit, attractive, and comfy for her. I'm disappointed she's since grown out of them.
B003L5C8RO Women's Sweat Capri by PUMA They fit nice and are cute, but they are definitely WARM! I will choose somthing a little lighter next time...
B003LY4PFS very cute and super comfy! Stylish and supportive. True to size, and the colors are exactly as pictured. I'm not a serious runner, so I can't say anything about that, but I have used these for walking and treadmill running and my feet feel great afterward.
B003MAJWCW Cute sneaks These sneak were very cute but hrt my foot worse than when I wear my 4" wedges.  I had to return them because they sent my feet into charlie horses.  I think they were just too flat for my foot.  Very painful.  Easy return tho and great customer service.  Was refunded very quickly.
B003MAJWCW Nice I got these shoes very quickly they fit very nicely and I love the color the pink with black makes it look very cute!
B003MAJWCW Poor quality I did not find these shoes comfortable at all.  There were seams that had already come undone on the top of the shoe and I found the laces to be very thin and cheap quality.  They looked so cute in the picture.  I was very disappointed.
B003MAJWCW Sneakers - Worth it!!! Cute Pair of Sneakers. I am really happy with this product. My daughter looks cute with them on. They are sturdy and made well.
B003MAJWCW SO CUTE! I absolutely love these! so cute and amazing quality. They hurt a little bit on the first couple of runs, but I'm still in the process of breaking them in. overall- very satisfied.
B003MAJWCW cute These shoes are cute and very casual.  They run 1/2 size bigger than they say.  I buy this style EVERY spring.  They are a staple for summer!
B003MAJWCW Cute and Comfy Sizing: just rightFit: high instep, slippery heel, but still comfortableI love that I can wear these with any casual outfit, even skinny jeans, and they'll look good. They're not bulky at all; they're sleek and sharp - just what I was hoping for! Also, the price was decent for a quality like Puma.
B003MAJWCW Neat These are the first tennies I've ever owned that make my feet look small. Compact and comfy.Don't care much for the thin laces, but I can swap them out.I wear a size 9 usually but had to get these in 8.5 b/c the 9 was too big.All in all, good shoes. Very cute.
B003MAJWCW Cute -- but the sizing is SO WRONG Many other reviewers said that the sizing is a problem.  I took their advice into consideration, but my 9M felt like a 9.5 Wide! My feet were swimming in them. They are cute, so if you order, you may have to be prepared for a surprise.
B003SX0QUK Cute but small We really like this pullover, our daughter especially. Cute design, good weight, etc. For our 9 year old daughter who likes athletic clothing and for my wife who still wants her to look like a girl, this pullover was a good middle road solution.The only downside is that we ordered 3 sizes (each time a size bigger) until we got the proper fit. If you're ordering one, order up a size.
B003U892HG LOVE LOVE these pumas! sooo cute :) we got these for my son (after having him try on similar pairs and styles at the puma store to be sure of sizing) he ended up needing a 1/2 size larger than i thought, in order to leave room for a years growth. we bought these and a white pair with the straps and he loves them! he gets soo many compliments on them, i even love them, i bought a bigger pair in my size (hope they fit!!) seriously cute shoes and can't beat the price and super super fast shipping!!!
B003ZYW0CO Cute puma watch Brought this as a present for a 12 year old year.  Fit well and its a great quality for the price
B0040QDZI4 Super Cute I love this hoodie, and for $40 it's a great buy.  I disagree with the other reviewer about sizing though.  I'm 5'2 and normally wear a small, but I like my hoodie's big and roomy and bought this in a medium and it fits very true to size.  I bought this in purple and it's a nice, bright, sporty shade.  This isn't super thick, but is warm without being bulky.  I've been wearing it a ton and definitely recommend it.
B00416BRUQ stylish and athletic I think these shoes are so cute and my 3 year old little girl looks like a little athlete in them. She loves to jump and run and climb trees and these shoes have been great for that. She puts them on by herself very easily. Her little brother has the blue/white ones and they look so cute when they wear them together. SO glad I spent a little extra money to get these nice shoes.
B00421AMGA Cute, nice for brisk weather. Not much to say other than it's very cute. The material is a bit thinner than I'd anticipated, so it's not going to be helpful in very cold weather, but I'm pleased with the purchase.
B0042AMTOE Cute but NOT comfy I got these because I wanted comfy shoes to wear at work. For an "athletic flat", they are definitely cute, however I was not impressed with the quality or comfort for the price. They are very light and thin without much support, and they're also very long and narrow to my big toe is cramped...and I don't think my feet are that wide. The only good thing is that they have a little cushion on the back of the heel so that the don't scrape up your foot. I guess if they last a long time it will be a good deal though.
B0042AMTOE SUPER FREAKING CUTE! OMGSH! THE PICTURE DOES NO JUSTICE TO THESE SHOES! I'M GOING TO ORDER THEM IN EVERY COLOR!!!!!!! WORTH THE MONEY! FYI I'D ORDER A SIZE UP. IF YOUR AT 7, GET A 7.5 ;)
B0042AMTOE Soooo cute! These are the cutest shoes.  I am a photographer and I am always on the lookout for cute but comfortable shoes.Unfortunately, I followed previous reviewers advice and ordered a 1/2 size up.  They were soooo long I had to send them back.  These are a narrow shoe, like all ballet type flats, but they do stretch nicely.  I am not happy about having to pay $5 to ship them back due to poor advice but what is done is done.  I would recommend that you order your true size.
B0042AMWY6 Great buy! I got these cute pumas for less than $25 bucks, great deal!  Like most pumas these seem long a d narrow, but r really cute on and comfortable.
B00439GCEM cute and athletic Ordered these for my wife and she loves them.  She says: as regular everyday walking shoes they're comfortable.  As for sizing, she sometimes takes an 8.5 in some brands, but size 8 fits perfectly (snugly).  They have a little bit of the ballet slipper look because they're basically flat.  Cute.  Definitely girly sneakers, unlike her Reebok/Nike running shoes, which look like my sneakers.
B00439GCEM Puma shoes Soleil I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and fit perfect to size. They even look cute on me and I have really long feet!
B00439GCEM so cute I love the Soleil style, i have many colors - this is my favorite.  As soon as I saw this, black w/ purple and silver i knew i had to have it and am not disappointed.
B00439GCEM Great shoes! I love these pumas! They are super cute and so comfortable! They look great with jeans or yoga pants. Really happy with my purchase.
B00439GCEM Cute shoe I bought these shoes for work! Very comfy and chic. Cute little sneaker to wear with capris. Need to purchase insoles if on your feet a lot at work!
B00439GCEM cute & comfy These shoes are very comfortable and run true to size. I usually wear between an 8.5 and a 9 and the 8.5 fits perfectly. Perhaps my favorite thing is that they make my feet look small. Would definitely buy again.
B00439GCEM Super Cute...Super Uncomfortable! I was so excited to get these shoes. They are so cute and great to wear with summer outfits when sandals are inappropriate. I wore them to work (office work) first and they were uncomfortable but ok. Then I wore them to the park and did some walking. My feet hurt within 15 minutes of easy walking. I've tried wearing them to the grocery but still my feet hurt after a short period of time. Another thing I discovered is that they are very slippery when its wet outside! Though these are the super cute, they are not good for anything but an occasional day at work. I am upset that I bought two pair in different colors thinking they would serve my purpose. I should have asked my daughter who has another style of Puma, she now tells me hers are uncomfortable too. I would not buy these shoes again nor would I recommend them to anyone.
B00439GCEM Light and comfortable So far, these shoes are light, comfortable, and cute! I plan to wear them on an upcoming trip to Europe and they will work as workout shoes and cute, stylish walking shoes with jeans. Perfect fit.
B004FEDZD6 Cute swimsuit but the cut is a little bit strange I bought this swimsuit for my 5-year-old daughter because I wanted something cute in a one-piece that she could wear both for swimming lessons and for general trips to the pool. She loves this swimsuit, but the halter cut is a little bit strange. It comes so low on the sides of her chest that it borders on being too revealing. Maybe it's just because she has a very long torso, but I kind of wish I had chosen something else.
B004FEDZJA Cute shirt! Geart for summer.  Sporty style and pink - just right for my 6 year old.  Fit seems true to size.  Arrived quickly.
B004GB0V3A Cute comfy sneakers These are cute, fashionable sneakers. They fit great for my feet but I can see that if you have wide feet this might not be the brand for you. I wore these in Disney World and never got a blister or sore feet. They looked good too.
B004GB0VWG VERY CUTE BUT SIZE RUNS EXTREMELY SMALL I purchased two pairs on sale for  $52.00, the pink and the blue colors...After reading the reviews I bought them 1/2 size larger....WRONG... They were so tight they went back immediately....After seeing the shoes in person I realized I loved the pink color but didn't really care for the blue color.....I purchased them a second time....This time in size 10!!! in Pink and Orange colors.... both great colors (I usually wear an 8 1/2 in most shoes)  They are a tiny bit long but that works perfect for me as I wear thin socks with shoes....Plenty of room for my long toes....The shoes are Very light weight with thin soles and very narrow...The style is really cute as are the both colors..Even got a compliment on them.. Perfect for hot summers....I am pleased with the Puma Lanai XT***UPDATE*** AFTER WEARING THEM for the first time, for several hours, they need NO break in time..totally comfortable...I  changed the 4 stars to 5 stars!  A+ shoe and cute too!
B004GB195E very cute style really fast shipping which i appreciate.i normally wear a 7 but to be safe i got 7.5.  and I'm so happy i did because they fit great.although the back part is a little uncomfortable.hopefully it stretches out.i could only imagine how my size would be killing me.the shoe itself are very cute.i would recommend going a whole size up
B004GB1CN8 cute and comfy i bought these shoes online while i was deployed to afghanistan because i thought my PT uniform needed a little flair. they are super cute and made my feet look like bullets. the material is very thin, so they also breathe really well. the only complaint i had was that they force my feet into slight eversion (the outside has higher cushioning than the arch). this did not affect the comfort--they are quite comfy.
B004GB1CN8 They're great! They are light, comfortable, very flexible, and they have good heel support. And, not to mention, they are very cute!
B004GEATZ2 perfect Perfect shoes for my 5 year old. Easy to put on. Comfortable and cute for kindergarten no teacher wants to tie shoes during the day.
B004GEATZ2 super cute delivered timely and super cute. made a nice gift and was as expected.  Puma's are great for kids and make a good product
B004GEATZ2 Cute and Sturdy Cute, Sturdy and a great price.  The Pink is a deep pink red color which is just what we wanted so for us they are perfect!
B004GEAW8G Cute These shoes are so cute and they make your feet look itty bitty. I love them. I am not big on sneakers but I wear these with no problem.
B004GEAXIA Really cute I'm not sure how comfortable these are because they are very flat with no arch support or cushioning, but they are really cute and easy to put on my 3 year old. They will be great for Spring and Summer.
B004GEAXRQ Cute and Comfy! My 5-year-old boy loves his new Puma's - they are super cute and he says they are also very comfortable.
B004GEB1GI Super cute shoe! My 5 year old loves her new puma's! They are cute as well as comfy. You can't go wrong with Puma's, always very fashionable.
B004GGTWE4 Super cute Love these shorts for my 5 year old's soccer practices. She was 4 when I bought them & we'd fold them over for a better fit. They are comfortable & wash easily. Definitely recommend.
B004IWRZTK pretty but very thin material I'm 5'8 and 150lbs and ordered a large and it fits well enough to be able to wear a tank top or a t-shirt underneath. It is very cute and the purple is a beautiful color but the material is quite thin. It's definitely not a sweatshirt but more like a hooded shirt so the title is accurate in calling it "lightweight". Very cute though but I only gave it 4 stars because I think it should have cost less for such thin material.
B004J4XHBM Great Shoes The shoes are super cute and comfortable. They were exactly what they looked like online. Very happy with them and they were here very qucikly!
B004J4XI1G cute but.... I wanted to love this pair of shoes however after a couple of wears they looked really worn.  Not the greatest for exercise but cute as a casual gym shoe.  Sizing was pretty good - ran true to size
B004J4XJ9C Super cute and med. comfort These shoes are really good looking and ive gotten a ton of complements from wearing them. There isnt a large amount of cushion but I like the grip on the bottom of the shoe that prevents slipping. I would recommend these to a friend for sure!
B004J4XJ9C A very cute and durable shoe The person who gave it one star is pretty accurate with good reason, it is very narrow and hard on the heal, although if you wear a lot of ballet flat style shoes like i do, then you'll have no problem adapting to this shoe. Plus the cute factor really plays a big part. But if you have a problem with the heal region then mole skin will easily do the trick.
B004J4XMM6 Cute and comfy These shoes are great! I had to break them in though. The first two times I wore them they rubbed on the back of my ankle so badly. But I bought those big band aids and wore them on the area where the shoes were rubbing. I did that about three or four times, including a lot of walking in an airport. Today I wore them with no band aids and they were perfect. Cute with jeans or yoga style pants.
B004J4XMM6 Really cute I wear 7 1/2 and 8 but a 7 in these would have been perfect. Unfortunately I didn't exchange them in time but the 7 1/2 are still working 9 months later. But they are soooooo cute and comfy. One complaint: the bark dust at the playground often finds its way into the shoe.
B004J4XMM6 Cute & Comfy I have at least 5 pairs of Puma's and these are by far the most comfortable.  Most of them I just wear because they're cute but not very comfortable but these are the best of both worlds.  By far, my newest favorite sneaker
B004J4XNNO Lots of Compliments I wore these for the 1st time at my daughter's graduation party.  I was on my feet all day and had no problems with the shoes.  Perfect, comfortable and cute!
B004J4XNNO Great product! I was looking for a pair of simple flats that I could wear to work but somethings sporty and fun.  Well these are it!  They are super comfy, super cute and I couldnt be happier!
B004J4XNNO Cute little ballet shoes These are really cute ballet shoes. The toe box is definitely deeper than some of their other ballet shoes.  Great for driving. Looks great with capris for the summer.
B004J4XNNO Cute And comfy but too big - as in way too big. Smaller size not available so I sm out of luck for now.
B004J4XNNO very cute and casual i like them, they are nice and cute for a sporty or casual look while still being feminine.its definitely my style.i wish it had more support in the sole and its just a little constricting in the front because of the shape of the shoe and i wear a size 11.i wish it was all black as well.
B004J4XNNO Comfy and Classy I am a mother of 2 young children so I do a lot of running around.  These shoes look great with jeans, they are cute on and they are very comfy.  On seeing other reviews, since I am a 9 to 9.5 shoe size, I went with the 9.5 and they fit great.  They are also easy to clean off.  I would definitely recommend this product.
B004J4XNNO super comfy So glad i bought these shoes! They are really cute and super comfy. As soon as i put them on they felt like slippers. Glad i got a half size larger. I have a little room up front, but due to my slightly wide foot, it fits great on the sides without pinching
B004J4XNNO Not cute Not the pair that I really wanted ,but it didn't have my size.  This shoe was plastic and not something to buy online...
B004J4XNNO Cute and comfy shoe - I like it! cute shoe, fits true to size and super comfy.  they will make your feet a little stinky, but its worth it.
B004J4XNNO Great sporty flat Very cute comfy shoe. Takes about 2 weeks to really break in. I got a size 8.5 and it was a little small but it stretches out a lot so now they fit perfectly.
B004J4XNNO Surprisingly cute shoe Somehow I didn't expect Puma to make a flat that is so cute and can be worn on so many occasions -- with jeans or with dress slacks. And it's very comfortable -- I had to break it in for a few days but now it fits perfectly.  I've had it for a couple of weeks and intend to find other Puma flats for this summer.
B004J4XNNO Puma wins again Cute, spunky and adorable ballet flat.  I have received nothing but compliments and questions about where I purchased them ever since they've arrived. The only downfall is they run slightly large...I think all Pumas are doing that now.
B004J4XNNO Cute Comfort! These are sneakers with attitude! They have all of the comfort of a tennis shoe (right out of the *box* comfort; I put them on and walked around for hours right after getting them), and they are cute as can be. I've had them for a week now, and have never worn them without getting compliments. (In fact, three friends have come on here and have *bought* the shoes.) I liked them so much, I got them in navy, too. The navy are great with jeans, but they both can be worn with jeans, slacks, maybe even skirts.....these will go anywhere. They are true to size and width, and of course, amazon had them here in record time. Buy them and put them on your feet. It will be a life-is-good series of moments.
B004J4XNNO Cute, comfortable, and good for wide feet! I got the black patent, mesh, grey suede with pink writing.  They are just as cute as they look.  I bought a size 8, and I typically wear a 7.5-8 depending on width.  These do run a little larger than some Pumas.  I feel that Puma run a little small, but these size 8 are very roomy.  They are a nice width and because I got the 8 they will not need to stretch out, and therefore will not get funny looking.  They were very comfortable right out of the box.  My purpose was to get something cute and sporty that would be comfortable and still be appropriate for work situations where I needed to be a on my feet a lot but still look nice.  I wore them with jeans and a nice black blouse, super cute.  Then I wore them with black yoga pants and a white tee-shirt, super cute.  If you are on the fence, get these.  They are super versatile, give you the confort and brand recognition you may be looking for since you are looking at Puma, and are cute.  If your feet are narrow this might be an issue, in that case I would size down .5 sizes.
B004J4XNNO Super Cute! Super cute sneaker! Perfect for a casual look.  I usually wear a 7.5 dress shoe and 8 sneaker.  I ordered both and kept the 8. Fit is a little wide for my narrow foot, however, an insole fixes that problem.
B004J4XNNO great shoes these are a great alternative to sneakers or standard ballet flats -- these are comfortable, cute and waterproof too.  highly recommend.
B004J4XNNO Cute My wife loves these, says they are extremely comfortable and they breathe very well. Great for warm days, around the house, out in casual, she uses them daily.
B004J4XNNO cute n comfy i love these shoes... they fit perfectly and very comfy for work or play!! can't wait to order more colors!
B004J4XNNO Love! Super comfy. These are very comfortable shoes - I was able to walk all day in NYC so that is alot!I have two colors and for a cute casual look these are perfect.  Definitely recommend. I got 1/2 size up both times I've purchased (wear 6.5 usually but I got 7 in these).
B004J4XNNO Comfortable and wear anywhere! These shoes fit true to size and are so comfortable I bought several colors and wear them to work everyday. I can also wear these with jeans; so they're fun and versatile! I get compliments on my cute "lady sneakers" everywhere I go.
B004J4XNNO Cute & comfy! I've had 4 pair of these shoes in different color variations!I get so many compliments on them every time I wear them!
B004J4XNNO Blisters Very cute at first , and I was super thrilled. However they really tore up my heels when I went for a walk on my lunch. Not as comfy as the sneakerina.
B004J4XO5Q cute shoes cute shoes but, i feel like i've only worn them a few months and they look very old and used up now.. i don't run that much i am sure it was because i ran with them, and i guess that is not their main usage purpose.
B004JF5R1Y Love them!!! I got these shoes for my 1.5 y/o toddler!!! They look amazing and fit her very well!!! I am glad I decided to but these trending Pumas for my toddler as they seem very comfortable! She looks so cute in them!!!
B004JF5R1Y Puma Diamond Fade toddler sneakers Love the sneakers, great fit...I would say run a tad smaller , my daughter wears an infant size 4 bought these in a 5 and she does have a little bit of room...very cute sneakers, very girly!
B004JF5R1Y Very cute sneakers for a girl They are really cute. They are very light weight. My girl liked it a lot.I would recommend it for sure.
B004JF5R1Y Cute! These shoes are very cute. My four year old loves the pink and sparkles. The ease of the straps are nice for running outside.
B004JF5R1Y Very cute and Comfy I bought these shoes for my two year old and she seems to love them. She loves wearing them. They are a good fit and very easy to put on. Standard Puma quality shoes.
B004JF5S7M Stylish Cute and comfortable. Great for daily use. My son wears them almost everyday. My daughter also has a pair, we love them with skinny jeans!
B004JF5S7M Puma Awesomeness These shoes are extremely cute and stylish.  They are easy for my son to put on when in a hurry.  Fast shipping and product as ordered.  Great purchase.
B004K00GTG loved them too cute and the color was great and I really did like the tying on the side even though I worried about that being an issure
B004M4DBGA So cute! These golf shoes are so cute and run true to size.  I am not sure what the other person is talking about that they run really small.  I think Pumas in general are designed for skinnier feet.  I usually take an 8 or 8.5 and an 8 fit me just fine.
B004MMFR7S Cute! I bought this for my daughter's United Nations Day at school where she had to represent a part of her heritage.  It was very cute as part of a soccer outfit and she still gets a great deal of wear out of it.  Great quality and comfortable!
B004SH269O Super Cute Very cute sneakers - Love that the insole comes out on one shoe to make sure you have the right fit for your little one.
B004SKQTGW Super cute! I bought these shoes for my 4 year old who needed white shoes for cheerleading.  They are super cute on and fit great.  She loves them and I love the low profile.  Highly recommend!
B004SKQTGW so cute and fun! My 3 year old loves his pumas!! He never falls when he's wearing them and they are really comfortable! They are a little slow to get on, but once on they are awesome!
B004TKZAC0 Puuuuuma I love Puma and was looking for shoes that feel comfortable and supportive while looking cute....these are perfect.  I feel so good in these shoes. Well made, cute, and althetic :)
B004VQ63LY My nieces puma My neice looks super cute in this and ahe loves it and tries to wear it everyday but it stretches a little so dont go a size too big
B004VQYK4G LOOOOOOOOVEEEEEEEEEEE THEEEM!!!!!! EVEN THOUGH THE SIZE RUNS A LITTLE BIT BIGGER I LOVE THEM!!! CUTE AND COMFORTABLE....IM USUALLY A 6.5 USD WOMEN AND THATS WHAT I HAVE ORDERED BUT RAN OUT A LITTLE BIT BIGGER, BUT NO PROBLEM AT ALL THEY STILL LOOK CUTE :) :) :)
B004XD0QLS So cute It supossed to be bigger, but its so nice and comfortable, light and shinny. Recommended. I love PUMA trade mark
B004ZIP5GW Cute! I wasn't too sure at first but they look cute on my husbands feet. He said they are comfortable and he likes them.
B004ZIT63U cute and comfy These are great shoes and not too expensive, which is important if you have kids who wear out shoes quickly. They are a good color for girls or for boys.
B004ZIT63U cute but runs way too small Me and my little one both liked these shoes , but when they arrived he put them on and they fit like a size 3 instead of a 4.5.
B004ZIT63U Cute sneakers but... These are cute for boys, but do run a little small.  I would recommend ordering at least 1/2 size bigger than normal.
B004ZIT63U super cute These are super cute but the run small definitely get a half size up. My daughter love them but we had to return.
B004ZIT63U Nice shoes My daughter loved these shoes when they arrived. Cute style!  They did fit a bit small though. It was hard to find this color of style at any store.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe, short laces Great shoe. Super cute, my daughter loves them. However giving them 4 stars cause the laces are just a little short for my young daughter to tie by herself.
B004ZIT63U Awesome Really cool shoes.  Two of my kids got them for school and say they r so comfy. One child has red and they are really cute! The other child has black and they r really cute.
B004ZITHZC Super Cute Great toddler shoe.  Easy on and seem to stay on.  Super cute and don't feel too bulky for little walkers
B004ZITHZC Cute They are very colorful and easy to put on great for a young one to put their shoes on by them selves
B004ZITHZC Cute and comfy sneaker This shoe is very cute!  The soles are nice and flexible and my son has no issues walking in them.  I also appreciate the removable sole that has the foot measurements on it to check the fit.The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is because they smell terrible.  Even after a couple of weeks, the smell is still noticeable.
B004ZITHZC These shoes are cute, fit well, but they broke in the first month. The velcro strap on these shoes split in half in the first month of owning these shoes.  They are so cute and seemed to be well made, but now my son can only wear these with pants to hide the velcro strap.  The velcro closes, but the top half of the closure ripped away and just hangs there :(
B004ZITHZC Cute but unconfortable After all the reviews i read i decided to give it a chance. I got them and my daughter was soo excited so i put them on. After 30 min she was walking funny so i decided to take them off and see what was going on. I saw marks on her foot even though she was wearing socks. They are cute but really unconfortable. They fit fine on her is just that the material is very hard.
B004ZITHZC Cute My nephew hates tying his shoes even though he is 8, he is always in a hurry to  shoes on! These were perfect for him!
B004ZITHZC So cute! These shoes are so cute!  They look adorable on my son.  He has wide feet and they fit him perfectly.
B004ZITHZC Such good quality, and lightweight. I love these, they are so cute on my 2 year old and so lightweight. They seem very comfortable also.
B004ZITHZC Cute They are cute and good qualityAlthough they are very cute and they look great, give it 4 stars because the type of material-mesh-get dirty too fast, more than any other shoe you bought before. No clutch if you do not worry, they are a perfect buy.
B004ZITHZC Cute shoes The shoes are really cute!  The only problem is the sole pulled out after only one wearing.  It was easy enough to fix, but disappointing.
B004ZITHZC Super cute My son was so happy when he saw these shoes.  They give him just enough room to grow into.  We got a size 12 and he's 4 years old.
B004ZITHZC Durable Super cute! My four year old is picky about tight shoes and comfort. She loves wearing these and never wants to take them off.  Highly recommend!
B004ZIVBQK cute I bought pink and black one I wear a 7 though pumas run larger so i got a 6.5 and its snug so be careful w sizing only issues for me was the connection of gray elastic an canvas on shoe it dug into my foot but after a few wears it was comfy
B004ZIWJL6 Great I got the shoes for my twins and they are so cute!!! I love them, easy to put on their feet and fit as expected!! Will be ordering more for my oldest son :)
B004ZIWJL6 Cute! Love these on my 4 year old. I will say that they are narrow and run small so order up a whole size!
B00502ZXR8 These are SO CUTE! They are high quality and so adorable.  They come in a little tube.  I can't stop looking at them.  Got them as a gift for a friend, but I almost don't want to give them away due to how adorable they are.
B00502ZXR8 Cute... But so much more I bought these because they were cute and we are an athletic family, seemed to fit us... WOW! These shoes rock. My learning-to-walk very active crawler daughter doesn't even seem to care that she is wearing them because they are so comfortable, the same cannot be said of ANY other shoe. She can still feel the floor and crawls/cruises just as effectively as barefoot. My favorite part is that they are so easy to put on her. I totally agree with the reviewer who referenced a choke hold, these are perfect one handers for the squirmy kid. LOVE them. Seems to run a little small though, just an FYI.
B0050302Z0 cute shoes I bought these for my daughter and she loves them. The size was perfect and they are very cute. I order products monthly and occasionally weekly from amazon and they've yet to disappoint.
B0050306NS Kindergarten Perfect! Got these for my kindergartener and she absolutely LOVES them! She's convinced they make her run faster, LOL! I like them because they're cute and different, and a perfect "I can do it all by myself" shoe.
B005030WZU Poor stitching on velcro... Very cute, comfortable shoes.  Easy for my 2 year old to put on and take off.  However, within the first couple weeks of wear, the stitching that holds the velcro on came apart.  I have had to super glue the velcro back on to both shoes. Cute shoe...poor design.
B0050U20NU Cute shoes but defective One shoe doesn't light up. I had this same problem with the last pair.  It's probably a factory defect.  They are still cute shoes and good for wide width feet.
B0050U20OE Cute nice and bright colors are as picutre just defined a little more brighter not to bright but it looks good on a new shoes. perfect fit my daughter is a 5.5 but in pumas more often than not i have to go up a half size for her and we ordered the pink with maroon brighter pinks in a  6 and im glad we did she put on a sock and it works well for he looking forward to wearing in summer when needed. I would recommedn this purchase
B0050U210C Cute and comfortable as hell! The main reason I bought these for my baby is because of how comfortable they seemed.  Can't go wrong with Puma sneaks...and no laces either!
B0050U210C Super Cute but also Super Small Should have paid more attention to a previous reviewer. These run at least a full size smaller than any other shoe. My daughters shoe size is the same in every shoe we have ever bought except this one.That said these are ridiculously cute. She loves them. They are her favorite shoes but they are not going to fit for long.
B0050U7C8I super cute My daughter loves them. very retro and so much cuter than pink sparkly things that light up. great price too
B0050U7C8I Cute Girls Sneakers The sneaker is well made and very cute.  I also liked that it cam in a canvas-like bad (recycled material) instead of a big box.  I can't wait to give these to my daughter.
B0050U7C8I PUMA sneakers Great colors!  My son really likes these old school sneakers. The price is right as well.  They were just a tad smaller than expected.  My son doesn't seem bothered by the size, he will just grow out of them sooner. The price was right, and a super cute style!
B0050UGDJC My daughter loves her "mean kitty" shoes They light up. They are cute and match most of her peachy pink clothing well.They are great little running shoes.
B00517MABO Cute, Confortable, Durable I was very pleased with this shoes. They are not too stiff as most sneakers are. They have lasted long. They look cute
B00517MAKK Cute Shoes! I got these for my 7 year old daughter and I usually try to always get her black since white is no longer white in just a one time wear.  I love pumas anyway but, couldn't find any cute shoes for her around where we live so I went to Amazon instead. They are really great quality and great price.  Cute shoes!!
B00517MAKK Back to school shoes Needed a pair of shoes to match the few outfits my daughter has that is not pink.  Cute and comfortable with an afforadable price!
B00517UT62 Cute shoes, fast shipping, only slight cosmetic flaws Cute shoes, fit to size, matches well with other Puma royal blue products.  Some slight mars/scuffs on the tops, but they will get even more scuffed during the actual games so no biggie.Shipping was very fast, even with the "standard" delivery option.
B0051MQVXW Cute, but very poor quality This looks cute on my son. But frankly the quality of the fabric is so poor that only after wearing it (not even having washed it yet), the fabric is wearing out and looks like it's been through 20 wash cycles. Very disappointed. Too bad I missed the Amazon return window or I would have returned it.
B0051SVQAE right choice the boy look so cute! ...fit as expected...right choice, i recommend you for a 4 or 5 years old boy
B0051TJZTM Cute but small These shoes are really cute but seem small for the size ordered. They are also kind of hard to put on, but that could be because of the size. Once they are on, they are cute and my 2-year-old hasn't complained!
B0053A2M3A Extra comfy & Stylish I bought these shoes because there were super cute and when I tried them on, it was super comfortable! And it's also not one of those made in China shoes, phew! Everything is perfect besides the point that, the bottom may be slippery for super slick floors like in Steak N' Shake. I slipped many times but didn't land on the floor, luckily. But it's perfect for the outdoors for running in which is it's intended for.
B0053YB0NO Great Shoe! I have had these shoes for a little over two years now and have worn them just about every single day. I love them! Super cute, comfy, and durable. They fit well and have lasted well. I have been surprised how well they have lasted since I wore them at my housekeeping job everyday. Great traction on the bottom too.
B0053YB0NO Comfortable and cute Love these shoes! They are our school colors, all in one shoe! They are lightweight and super comfortable. The sole is well-cushioned. They are not my only pair of tennies, but they have lasted over two years now, and I teach PE!
B0055BZJGY Holy Comfort, Batman! Uber comfy!  Lots of compliments!  Comes with a cute, little, canvas shoe bag - cool!  I got a size 10 which I feel are true to size and they fit my orthotics without having to remove the Puma insole.
B0055PMXTG CUTE Cute Cute I love these shoes. Wish they had more colors.  They wear well and look fantastic.  Many compliments and I am noted for my shoes
B00569GKOK Comfy and Trendy Great colors, perfect fit. Love that it fits snug to my feet, its very light and flexible! I've worn it with a casual hoodie or a cute blouse and it looks great either way.
B0056YH1PW Love these shoes These shoes are very comfortable.  I can exercise in them or just wear them for casual days.  They are very cute!
B0058PDV7G Cute & Functional Great top.  Super cute with two-fabric design and elastic waist.  It's also very functional with an internal sports bra, technical fabric, and non-chaffing arm holes.
B0058XFJTQ they work They're cute, Lakers colors, we hike all the time and these are great, I just want to get some heel pads for comfort. i got a half size bigger than normal and they fit wonderfully....
B0058XH1F6 comfy and cute Completely comfy, fit perfectly, and look nice as well. I love all things PUMA, and these shoes are no exception.
B0058XH1F6 So cute These are so cute and comfortable. After reading all the reviews about size, i made sure to order a size bigger. I wear a size 8 but ordered a 8 1/2 , still just fitting snug. A nine would have been perfect. Either way they are really cute and can be worn with anything.
B0058XH1F6 Cute and Comfy I was looking for a sandal that had a back strap but was still casual. These are perfect. The footbed is not white, but gray which I actually liked.
B0058XH4L2 Like a house slipper Unless I had really tiny feet, I wouldn't wear these outdoors. And even then, not sure they would be that great.I was tired of replacing my cheap house slippers (that had cloth or faux suede soles) every 5-6 weeks. So I found these cute Pumas with the flexible rubber soles. They are, indeed, cute. Cute splash of pink on the black ones that I ordered. I have NO idea what the strap is for, except to give Puma the ability to add their name. The strap itself doesn't adjust the fit in any way.One of shoes is tighter across the top of my foot, so I am hoping it will relax and fit better as I wear it.Overall, they are light, flexible and mostly comfortable. I will wear indoors most of the time. Anything that requires outdoor walking, I will wear my real sneakers.Shipping was quick, so that was a plus.
B0058XH4L2 Sporty, but cute They fit perfectly, and since they're black, I generally wear them to work and no one notices that they're not dress flats.....my little secret!
B0058XH4L2 Not as comfortable as I had hoped Cute, lightweight, but they didn't work for my sensitive feet.  Just the tiniest bit short - so rather than trying to break them in - I returned them.
B0058XH4L2 comfy & cute Great slip-on ballet/tennis shoe that's comfortable, cute and perfect for casual occasions.  I suggest wearing them in a little, walking like an hour at a time, before going out on a long outing, as you could ankle chafing when they're new.  I also normally wear a 7.5 so they may run a little big, I just didn't want my heel shifting, causing chafing by the shoe.
B0058XH4L2 LOVE! I have these shoes in three colors, and wore the first pair around Europe with no problems.  Great shoes!  Super cute sporty/sassy look!
B0058XH4L2 Cute I love the shoe but must return because too small. I have other Puma's size 11 that are just right.
B0058XH4L2 Cute They're cute. They are fairly comfortable. They look nicer than wearing a lace up sneaker for running around (not actually running) and doing errands. I have these in a brighter color as well, so I guess I like them enough to have bought a second pair.
B0058XH4L2 Cute but sooo uncomfortable There's something on the stitching in these shoes that made them impossible to wear - they rubbed my feet the moment I put them on : ( Other than that, the cushioning & color were great.
B0058XH4L2 Puma Slipper Bought these for my lady to wear at work. She's on her feet all day and was complaining how her other 'cute' black flats were killing her feet (of course cuteness comes before comfort). I bought these and she says she loves em.
B0058XH4L2 5 pairs and counting These cute little shoes are perfect for anything you would want to do in them. AND they come in the best colors.
B0058XH4L2 Cute Shoe Very cute shoe, looks nice on. It took some breaking in before I could wear them comfortably. Once I broke them in I enjoyed them.
B0058XH4L2 Super CUTE & comfy I read the reviews prior to purchasing and went with the people that mentioned they run 1/2 size small. I ordered 1/2 size up and wore entire day at work and no problem. Super comfy and super cute. My plan was to purchase prior to our DIsneyland trip in Nov and have some cute and comfy tennis shoe like shoes for our trip to see Mickey..
B0058XH4L2 Cute but not the right color These are incredibly comfortbale shoes, but they do need some breaking in on the heel.  I had to send them back because the color was very pink, not the red that was promised.
B0058XH5D4 Love this Have received a lot of compliments on the pretty pink.  I have worn them for a day out of shopping (walking) and have also worn them to Zumba class.  They are very comfortable and completely cute.
B0058XH5D4 COMFY!!! They are super cute & super comfy.They arrived quickly and match the pic & description perfectly.I love my new Pumas!
B0058XH5D4 Very cute! Bought these for my daughter and she loves them. They do run small and had to order a size up.
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable I love these shoes!!  I normally wear adidas shoes and I bougth these because I saw them in the a store and thought they were super cute. When I saw them on Amazon for cheaper I had to buy them and Im so glad I did.  They are really comfortable.  I workout alot and the support is great and they fit true to size.
B0058XH5D4 So comfortable, and CUTE Puma's are my go to.  They're always comfortable and lightweight.I got this beautiful pair for days off and working out.  LOVE them.
B0058XH5D4 Fabulous shoes! These shipped quickly and are really cute! Puma's are always a top choice and I know they will last a long time! Thanks!
B0058XH5D4 CUTE CUTE CUTE The tongue of the shoe is built in...I ordered 1/2 size larger and they JUST fit...no thick socks or they won't fit.  Colors are bright and I love them.  I have received tons of compliments.
B0058XH5D4 Not bad for the price I can't say that they are the most comfortable shoe (I usually get Asics). But these are really cute and worth the price I paid. ($45).
B0058XH5D4 Light and comfortable I agree with other posts, these do run small. I usually wear a 9.5 but the 10 fit perfectly. They do, however, run wide. I have wide feet and these are quite roomy. They are light and comfy, they only thing I don't *love* about them is the attached tongue. It can make them a little difficult to get on. I do love the way they look thought, they are super cute!
B0058XH5D4 Cute shoes, love the colors Very cute shoes, love the colors. Bought them for walking, not very comfortable, kind of tight. I have only worn them once, I'll see if they stretch out a little.
B0058XH5D4 Cute and Comfortable. I love my new shoes. They are very comfortable to run in. The size fit as it should. They are very easy to clean as well.
B0058XH854 Comfy, Cute These have an attached tongue so they fit 'like a glove', snugly surrounding your foot. I find them very cute and have had many complements. I use them for weight lifting and Zumba classes.
B0058XHD86 nice very comfortable and relaxed, for use in the summer and beach walks, the'll buy one size smaller next time. Cute
B0058XHD86 Comfortable Very comfortable & cute with the color purple strap.  Durable material so you can't go wrong with this purchase and the price!
B0058XHD86 Cute These are super cute to wear to the beach or casual day out.  I took one star away as the are not supportive at all but for an easy breezy look they are cuter than most other flipies on the market.
B0058XHD86 so cute I get a lot of compliments. they are so cute and made so well. I wore for a long walk and the material stuck to my feet and gave me a huge blister across the whole pad of my foot!  don't wear too long!!!!!!!!!!
B0058XHEBM The shoes were cute. They were a little too tight. There wasn't enough foot space at the top. I guess I probably would have gotten a bigger size.
B0058XHGRE Love my kicks Love them!  Super comfortable and super cute.  Not sure how well they clean yet though...They're warm so probably not good for the summer
B0058XHN6I Cute shoes but cuts into top of foot This is a very cute shoe and I wish it fit better.  The top of the shoe is shallow so you saw toe cleavage, which is okay, except the edges were made poorly and hurt the top of your foot.
B0058XHN6I Sporty cute These are comfortable and sporty cute. They can be worn dressey casual or casual. Look great with my skinny jeans or yoga pants.
B0058XHN6I Cute but ... Puma Women's Winning Diva Ballerina ShoeBought two different styles of Puma ballet flats, Diva and Zandy.  Zandy is cute on and fits the same as all 6.5 that I own.  The Diva style is cute, but the fit is way off.  Other reviewers describe it as narrow, but for me, it was a good half size smaller (shorter) than the other style.  Besides that, each shoe of the pair fits a little differently.  I don't understand why all the shoes of a type, like ballet flats, from the same manufacturer, should fit so differently. They are very uncomfortable.  I am so disappointed.
B0058XHN6I comfy These are seriously so comfortable and they are cute whether your dressed up or casual. The perfect daily shoe. :)
B0058XHQN8 Nice Lite on your feet, and are cute. Look good with just about any outfit. Looks great with workout pants, and jeans.
B0058XHSMC cute cute cute! The Puma Tekkies are adorable! While they are a tad over-priced (I bought mine only when they were on sale), the are cuter and more fashion oriented than Keds. There isn't much support, okay there isn't isn't any support, so I only wear them when I don't have much walking to do. The color of the shoe is well represented in the picture; more dark pink than red, which is why I purchased them.
B0058XIVRS Puma Sneakers The shoes are nice feeling & super cute! My feet are slightly wide, & apparently that's a no-go though :/ but I'm determined to break them in, considering they were 70$. I work IMS at Walmart sooo i needed some up to par shoes & everyday they just get better & better!
B0058XJ9VK Perfect Spring shoes I thought that this shoe would be perfect for the spring weather and I was right. Everyone loves the color and I love the fact that they are slip-ons. Definitely cute and they pop!
B0058XJJ88 Amazing! These shoes are feather-light but provide a great deal of support. I was also really thrilled that they are so low-profile (read: not at all bulky) and the colors are so cute. Worth every dollar.
B0058XJJ88 price worked for me this product really is great, for the price you truly get what you pay for. its a cute shooe for summer use as it always air to flow through...definitely not a winter shoe
B0058XKUMM Love them! I've owned Pumas in the past, so I ordered my size based on what I already own. These are a little roomier, but it's fine. They're super cute and comfy!
B0058XLB5W Bought it as a gift the girl who got this pair of shoes loved it.  they are cute.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.thanks
B0058XLB5W Comfortable and cute!! Shoes are very comfortable.  Cute, and match with just about everything.  Great with jeans. I've never been dissapointed with any Puma shoes.
B0058XLB5W I love these shoes. Period. These shoes are absolutely darling. I have the "red," but I would say they are more of a salmon or pink-red than "red red." And the dark parts are gray, not black. The laces are so, so cute and they are completely comfortable the very first time you wear them, with or without socks. I adore them and will be buying more colors! Sizing was spot-on with what I would normally order too. Such a cute alternative to big clompy sneakers.
B005907YEG Pumas I thought these shoes were super cute and wanted them as my new workout shoes. Turns out they dont have very much arch support and leave my feet aching after a long workout. Still cute though.
B005908V0M Super Cute! I LOVE all of my Puma's and these are no exception. I wish the color was a little more defined on the pictures because when i received mine, the grey was a little lighter than in the pictures. Overall, they are very comfy, stylish, and look wonderful!
B005932XQ2 super cute! Adorable, just as they look in the picture. My daughter gets compliments all the time.  They are sporty and casual.  Good with shorts or jeans.
B00593GTRG Cute but some flaws This sweater is really cute but the sleeves arent very long, and it tends to ride up your sides, If you have an ounce of fat on you, don't buy it.
B00594EP1M Very comfortable Great fit, true to size and they are so cute! I love these in silver. They look mostly grey and the silver is not crazy shiny or to blingy. Perfect.
B00594F444 Cute AND comfortable! I've been trying to find a cute AND comfortable pair of shoes to wear while traveling this spring and I hit the jackpot!  These shoes are darling, and they're very comfortable.  Just enough arch support and very comfy across the top of my foot, too!
B00594F444 My mom loves these shoes!!!!! These shoes were for my mom....she has been wearing these for years.....she has heel spurs and they are very comfy for her! She swear by the comfort of these shoes, has them in many color combos. They are super cute!
B00595GTJM Comfy & cute A great ballet flat that seems to run about 1/2 size large. They go well with business trousers or casual weekend wear. My only complaint is that the suede fades on your feet, but hopefully that will lessen in time.
B00595IT2W So comfortable! Just got these shoes yesterday and they are so cute and stylish. I wore them to work today for an almost 9 hour shift and they are very comfortable. They are lightweight and super flexible. The sole is thin so I wouldn't recommend them for running or other athletics but they suit my purpose wonderfully. Very nice product!
B00599CUSW very cute My feet are very confortable on this, also my foot looks tiny and shaped. I love them! I used them for running and climbing! they are good!
B0059A04A2 LOVE these shoes!!! I had been looking at these for quite some time and I have not been disappointed since I bought them!  I love them!  They are so cute with jeans and will be super cute with a capris this summer.
B0059BIXTU Love These Pumas These are super cute, and remind me of the Pumas I wore in the 90's. I bought the gray pair. They are a light gray with a dark gray stripe. For me my regular size fit perfectly. Admittedly I did not shop around. I like to order from Amazon if I can, because returns are so easy. They are so cute I almost do not want to wear them!
B0059BIXTU Super comfy This sneaker runs true to size,very cute ,light and fashionable,you can't feel them in your feet :), promptly delivered ,I highly recommend them!
B005AP8T5S Love these shoes Comfortable, true to size, cute and hard to find. They were a bit pricey but made well so I think they will last a long time.
B005AQ464A Super cute and comfortable This sweatshirt is perfect to throw on over a t-shirt. It is casual but super cute. My boyfriend complimented me on how much he liked it the first day I wore it over a t-shirt and shorts..
B005CK4QE4 Cute-but run small These shoes are cute.  Although my son knows how to tie his shoes, he loves the velcro feature of these shoes.  He says he doesn't like to worry about laces coming untied.  Beware, they run an entire size small!
B005CK7W3Q Pretty shoe These shoes are too cute, but they run on the small side.  The lights and velcro were fine, but we had to return them due to the sizing issues.
B005CK7W3Q Super cute My daughter loves them. The quality is nice, they are wide as well which my daughter has wide feet so there weren't too tight.
B005CK8MH6 Great! Very cute and comfortable!
B005CKB0WA Nice addition to the summer wardrobe These sneakers are super-cute and make any shorts/-outfit look more stylish. Finally, we have a shoe we can agree on for summer parties and outings. My son likes them because they are comfortable and I like them because they look nicer than a typical sneaker.
B005CKB0WA LOVE!! These are super cute on my 2 1/2 year old, and they fit perfect!!!!!  I will be getting them again as he grows out of these!
B005CKB0WA Cute shoes! Order 1/2 size up They sure are cute! My little girl loves them. They have held up pretty well,  but I think Puma tends to run a bit small, so I'll order 1/2 size up next time.
B005CKB0WA cute shoe fits well and looks good on my granddaughter.The price was right so I even bought 2 pairs. One in a larger size.
B005CKB0WA Love them Cute abd stylish and easy for my 3 yr old to put on and take off. Great for running around
B005CKB0WA Cute but just OK. Cute shoe, light and OK comfort, I'd say - Would be great if it had more support for the arch and more cushion.  I feel like they're not going to last very long...  stay tuned...
B005CKB0WA Very cute shoe Love these shoes, and get lots of compliments on them!  They fit well, and are very easy to put on.  Very light weight.  Much cuter in person than in the picture.  Well made.
B005CKB0WA Nice sneakers Super cute blue and grey shoes, just as pictured. Fit well. We like them! Only worn them once thus far.
B005CKB0WA Very cute shoes on my boy! I really like these shoes because they are lightweight and seem very comfortable for my son. They match most of his clothes too!
B005CKB0WA Cute and stays on So for some reason I can not find shoes in my daughters size in town....they're all the size above, below or really ugly.  These were a little pricer than I wanted, but since she wears her sneakers with everything, everyday, I thought I'd try these. They're really cute, flexible and light.  She seems to love them, and the best feature is the velcro works, and the shoe stays one. We had another pair that were velcro (different brand) that fell off as they wouldn't stay fastened.  I'd recommend these shoes...in fact I'm considering stocking up the next could sizes....
B005CKB0WA Adorable shoes Cute , easy to get on and off - great for soccer practice and all general running, jumping and dancing
B005CKB0WA Happy feet These little sneakers are so adorable! I purchased these for my then 14 month old daughter. I've gotten lots of compliments on them & they are really cute on her little feet. Seem to be pretty durable in the few months she's worn them very frequently & she's a very energetic little one so they've been put to the test! Good value, good quality & very stylish little sneakers :)
B005CKB0WA Cute but too small Very cute but they did not fit my toddler who is a 7 in all other shoes.
B005CKB0WA Like em Very cute shoes. Seem to be well made! My daughter loves the. They are still a little small,  but I think her feet are just growing.
B005CKB0WA Cute and easy for toddlers to put on themselves Cute style and the design makes them easy for toddlers to put on themselves.  Great shoe for kids with narrow feet.
B005CKB0WA Cute This shoe is cute but it ran a half size small. I had to return it and try to get another pair but they didn't have the size.
B005CKB0WA Love them Cute and easy to put on by him self. Pretty colors, lightweight, very nice! Would buy another without second thought.
B005CKB0WA Bought for a Friend, UBER cute ^_^ I bought these for a friend's son and they're great. Light little sneakers which fit well and have great velcro on them. They're super cute too :-)
B005CKB0WA Super cute and sporty!!! Beautiful shoe!!! Bought my 3yr old son the red ones - they look so adorable on him. Only problem was the fit, as other reviews reported. I had to return them and get him a 10. Go a full size up!
B005CKB0WA Cute, comfortable and easy Bought these for my 20 month old.  He loves them and the Velcro makes on and off super easy.  They also just look cool and help make any outfit a little more cute.
B005CKDW76 Cute! These shoes are adorable. Fast shipping. True to size. Easy to slip on because the laces are just simple elastic ties that don't come undone. Great item!
B005CKHBP0 Very Cute Shoes These shows are so cute and easy to put on and take off for my toddler girls. They are expensive for baby shoes that probably won't get as much wear, but there is no price on looking good. =)
B005CKHBP0 great sneakers Exactly as described...just what we wanted, fit perfectly and very cute on my daughter. Fast shipping! Would buy again in diff color if .possible.
B005CKHVKK These shoes are so cute Such a cute shoe so well made just PLEASE ORDER A SIZE LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY WEAR or you will have to send them back and be disappointed .
B005CKHVKK CUTE but BUY A SIZE UP My feet can usually fit into 6.5/7 shoes, but for some reason my feet pop out of 7's. On the other hand, I have gotten a lot of complements on these shoes and style wise, they're pretty adorable.
B005CKJWW0 cute but not easy to get on The double velcro flaps make these a little complicated for little hands to figure out. Otherwise, they are cute and very functional.
B005CKPP2G Not durable Shoe is very cute! However, it did not last long, even with just normal wear, no sports.
B005COWQH4 Not so cute in person These Pumas look very cute online, but not so much once I received them, although the colors were great. I returned them.
B005COWQH4 poor quality This toe of the shoe came unglued months after i bought these:( really cute shoes but poor quality.) The size also run small
B005COYKXC Super cute Super cute. My son loves them. They look even better on and they fit really well. He hasn't stopped wearing them.
B005CVK5XY cute shoes Bought these shoes for my daughter who is a size 1 and they fit her perfectly theywere just a tad big which is great to give her a little room for her foot.Satisfied
B005CVWYPG Great deal and very cute! I bought these for my 13 month old niece for Christmas because she has a fascination with shoes. The look very cute on her, and fit her  perfectly (I ordered a size 5 in toddlers). Puma is a rather expensive brand, so when I saw these for less than $25, I could not pass up on them! It took a little while for them to arrive in the mail, but it is the holiday season and post offices are jam packed with packages, so the wait time was understandable.If you are looking for a pair of Pumas for your little one, but do not want to spend an arm and a leg, look no further than here :)
B005CVWYPG Cute shoe Love this shoe. Second pair I've bought for my daughter. Fit is true to size. Durable, long lasting, goes with everything.
B005CVWYPG Perfect! This are super cute and comfy. They are true to size. They are perfect for my daughter's school uniform. Recommended!
B005CVWYPG cute Super cute. But I should have gotten one size larger for my daughter to grow into. The colors are great.
B005CVWYPG Great shoes These shoes are super cute and fit my daughter great. I love the kinder fit insole so that I can make sure they are still fitting her correctly. The shipping was quick and the packaging was intact. I will probably order this type of shoe again in the future.
B005CVWYPG Super cute. These look so cute on my daughter. We were worried about the bottom of the shoe because it looked like there wasn't much grip, but we haven't had any issues. She wears them to tennis lessons.  She says they are comfortable. They are very lightweight and easy without having laces.
B005CVWYPG comfy and cute So cute! My daughter loves these. She's 2 and can run for long periods of time on our walks with no complaints. She had complained about her feet hurting so we bought these and she seems a lot better.
B005CVWYPG Light weight and cute My 2 year old daughter loved these shoes! It was so comfy on her, she seemed to run more, further and longer! The only reason I gave it a 4 is because it did get dirty too quickly (since it's white) and these shoes aren't for kids with a high arch or wide feet.
B005CVY9RW So cute! Can't wait for our infant son to wear these! Item as described. Would buy these again. Very satisfied! Thank you
B005CVY9RW Perfect foe my Babygirl I actually got these big because I wanted these to be the first pair of sneakers when she start walking.  I think they are so cute and I believe she would too.
B005CVY9RW slippery soles Slippery soles make it difficult to walk on smooth surfaces. Cute shoes and my child walks much easier in them
B005CVY9RW Very Cute Shoes That Stay on These Puma crib shoes are adorable. My 10-month old daughter has very skinny ankles and is able to kick off most shoes...but not these. The Velcro closure is very secure, and the design is really cute. These Pumas get lots of attention.
B005CVY9RW Cute shoes and easy to put on! Cute shoes I ordered for my daughter to start wearing while in jumper and out and about! Easy to put on!
B005CVY9RW Cute This shoe is for my future grand-son . My daughter just fell in Love with them. They are quite cute and well made. They will out last him.  Thank you these were a great value.
B005CVY9RW SO CUTE!!! I loved this shoe for my baby girl, I wish she could have worn them for longer. They were so comfortable for her.
B005CVY9RW just me this is every cute for someone that is still not walking and its just perfect for babies, i got it for all of my friends kids
B005CVY9RW Baby Puma This is the second pair of these shoes that she has worn.  Great fit and she can walk and run in them. They are true to fit. They also attract a lot of attention because they are so cute.
B005CVY9RW PINK for my baby They're soft all around and my daughter doesn't seem bothered by them.  I think they are so cute and I believe she would too. I absolutely love them. Would buy these again. Very satisfied! Thanks.
B005CVY9RW So cute and very comfortable! These are great shoes for my daughter!  They fit so well we got another pair the next size up.  I love that they are Velcro so she can close them up herself or take them off (well most of the time I love that she can take them off, ha ha).  They are super cute!  Flexible sole yet still padded.  Love 'em!
B005CVY9RW Cute as can be! Perfect shoe for my little one. She was not yet even trying to walk when she wore them so I am not sure how they would hold up. They were cute and comfortable (she wasn't trying to take them off like some of her other shoes). Great purchase, I would definitely recommend them. Her brothers are soccer fanatics so these looked great with her Puma warm-up suits!
B005CVY9RW so cute love them great quality !! can't wait to put them on my baby the blacks very cute and they look just like the picture
B005CVY9RW Soft sole, comfy and stylish Very nice comfy sneakers, super easy to our them on and soft enough that my 13 month old can walk and doesn't complain about having something on her feet. And super cute!!!
B005CVY9RW Great baby shoes They are cute! They look even better in person than the picture! They go on easy which is great because my 5 month old girl is always kicking her feet around... Thank you
B005CVY9RW too cute Adorable and well made.  The velcro design makes it super easy for me to get them on and off my baby, but they never fall off.
B005CVY9RW Scuff Too easily They were very easily scuffed and the leather came off the front within two weeks. They are cute...but I wouldn't buy them again.
B005CVY9RW I love this shoe I am absolutely happy with this purchase. My 7th month old looks so cute with these shoes on although he tries to take them off often.
B005CVY9RW love them!!! Super cute!!! Fit really well. These are shoes she actually leaves on. Easy to get on and so far they stay on well
B005CVY9RW So cute!! loved this shoe is super comfortable and cute however the sole is thick fabric is not to play in the street or yard but I loved it and I use on my daughter
B005CVY9RW Cute shoes Made well and very cute!  The baby is to young to walk but she looks very sporty and fashionable in these shoes!
B005CVY9RW very cute shoes! I bought these for my 7 week old son and they are great!  We have gotten so many compliments on them and they are so easy to put on. A tad pricey but totally worth it.  We ordered size 1 and there is still a little room for him to grow in them.
B005DTLFG6 Good, but nothing special. They seem a little sparse, but maybe I am just not used to track shoes. I am usually a 7 or 7.5 and ordered the 7.5 and I definitely should have gotten a 7. Cute shoe though. Colors are as pictured.
B005F17KYI Super cute and as described The shipping was super fast and the item is as described and fits true to size. The only thing I thought was weird was the size of the box it came in. Could of fit into a 8x11 envelope if folded right. Instead it came in a HUGE box that was the size of my kitchen table (which seats 6).
B005FWV85O Really Cute SUper cute and comfty shoes only complaint I would have is they are not normal running shoes. The lace part is shorter then normal which may look funny to you.
B005HELPYO love my puma bags they are great for the beach, the gym, you name it, when ever and where ever. totally cute, super, and awesome. it was a great purchase . they came a little bigger then I expected , but it was worth it :)
B005HEP57C Cute! If you can't Golf at least look good doing it!! Laces are way to long is my only complaint but thats an easy fix - I just tucked them under the Puma tag on tongue.
B005HEP57C Cute & Great Fit Cute shoes, even for someone like me with size 11 feet. I can still be cute while golfing. Thank you.
B005ILJRLE Cute and fit well Bought these for my 6 yr old son.  They look so cute on and are wearing well as he is super active.
B005LC5FTS cute and good price good size for school and general use like carrying a laptop. Cute design for the price compare to Nike and Adidas..
B005LCENV4 Cute So cute yet not the material i was hoping it was made from but works for now thank you :)
B005ON39OC Runs a little small Nice extremely lightweight shoe!  Gave them to my niece for a gift and she was thrilled.  They come in a cute little Puma Bag/Box too.
B005OS38ZC Fell apart after one month! I loved these shoes at first. They were very cute and the soft, squishy sides and tell sole were so comfortable. However, I've had them a month and with gently wear (a couple nights a week on the eliptical in my basement) the sole is separated long about 4 inches on the front of my left shoe. So disappointed!! Also. The laces are ridiculously short. All in all, DON'T BUY unless just want cute shoes for only a month...
B005OS839I Cute, a little tight Knowing Pumas tend to run a little small, I ordered a size 9 because my feet usually fall between 8.5 and 9. I had to exchange them for the 8.5 because my heels slipped right out of them! The 8.5 is the perfect length but a little tight as far as the height goes. The top of the shoe is rubbing the skin on top of my feet a little.The shoe is so freaking cute that I am hoping they just need to be broken in. They seem to have have a very good sole for everyday summer time wear while being able to keep my feet cool. I think that once these loosen up a bit, they will be my perfect summer working shoe.
B005OT1UI8 Cute and Comfortable These shoes are both cute and comfortable.  They are a great alternative to clunky tennis shoes.  I would suggest ordering a 1/2 size smaller than you usually wear. I first ordered a 7, but they were too large.  I confidently replaced them with a 6 1/2 after reading recommendations on another  site.
B005OT25G4 so cute and comfortable i use these for my yogd,line dancing ,zumba,classes and get so many compliments on them ,but they are so lite and so cute ,i find myself putting them on for running errands,grocery shopping,going to the mall..you will love this shoe
B005OTA9R6 Great zumba shoe I love them. They are perfect for zumba and cute too. I would recommend these to anyone that does zumba
B005OTA9R6 Great Shoes! I love these shoes and they are very cute and a perfect fit! I am totally satisfied with my purchase and have no complaints!
B005OTA9R6 Very Cute! Fit very well! Comfortable and very cute! It said raspberry but some sites made it look red! Its is a darker pink, but pink none the less. The shoelaces are very thin but it goes well with the shoe. I want to buy the mint coloured ones now!
B005OTBH0O Comfortable but not that cute Very comfortable shoes! They arrived looking slightly dirty, which I wasn't thrilled about. They aren't as cute as I thought they would be, but what they lack in style they make up for in comfort. I am a long distance runner but I only use these for walking as they don't have much support.
B005PHHI76 Cute! the clock is more cute that i expected, is very comfortable, be definitively recommend this clock d d d d
B005S0PAN4 Too cute These are great shoes that are light for toddlers to run in.  They are well made and last for a long time.
B005S0PF1G Very cute... Arrived on time  in it's original box and at the begining it fit my son well but must say that the strap evenutally gives out
B005S0QEXE so unbelievably cute! These sneakers are great!  They fit true to size (my daughter is 1 yo and wearing a size 4) and actually seem to help my new walker walk better.  (They have actually convinced me that investing a little more in good quality sneakers is worth it!)  And they are so unbelievably cute!!!  Every time we are out she gets compliments on them!  I kind of wish they came with elastic laces but I don't hold that against them!
B005ZFCUIA OK VERY GOOD SHOE, THE COLORS ARE CUTE AND WIFE BECAME VERY MU AGREE WITH THEM.SHE FEELS VERY COMFORTABLE TO WALK
B005ZFCUIA super cute shoes love this shoes, im on my feet most of the day. These shoes are super comfortable and look cute with anything you wear
B005ZFCUIA A little tight, but cute. I love the way these shoes look. They are so cute. I keep getting compliments on them. The only thing I would say I don't like about them, is that they do run a bit small. I normally wear a 71/2 and I feel like I am wearing a 7. So I would suggest going up a 1/2 size. Besides that, I have no complaints. Other than the area of my toes, the shoes are quite comfortable. I had my nephew stretch them out for me a bit, and now I am in love with my sneakers :).  First time buying Pumas, and I think that next time I need a pair of sneakers I'll look to this company again.
B005ZFCUIA Cute and comfy I think these shoes fits very well I love the way they look I get complaints all the time !
B005ZFCUIA Cute but won't fit wide feet. Very cute shoes. True to size but not for people with wide feet like mine. Return information wasn't readily available.
B005ZFCUIA Cute shoes but they don't last very long I got these shoes and really loved them, but it only took about 4 months for holes to develop in the mesh of the toe.
B005ZFCUIA Stylin' I wouldn't reccomend these for running as they don't have very much support, but they are super cute and PERFECT for the elliptical or going for a short walk..I love them!
B005ZFCUIA Didn't fit or feel right on my feet I was hoping to use these for running, but they were 1) too heavy and 2) my heels slipped out the back during a slow jog.  They are super cute, so it was unfortunate that they didn't work for me.
B005ZJPAGA Not the best I bought this for my little boy to match his new black puma shoes and thought it was super cute. It got here faster than expected but the quality is not that great. We havent had it but a month and he's worn it twice and the threading is coming undone. Im dissapointed.
B005ZT6ODS Comfy and cute My daughter loves these. Simple, comfortable and versatile. Wears them to school and underneath dresses or long shirts to church or dressy events.
B005ZTU4XO LOVE IT ONE OF THE NICEST SHIRTS I HAVE BOUGHT IN AWHILE! THE GIRL, I BOUGHT IT FOR LOVED IT ALSO! VERY CUTE! WOULD RECOMMEND!
B00627TP92 So Cute! Very cute track jacket has bright colors and looks really great with jeans or track pants alike. He wears it a lot, as an outfit and a light jacket for outside play.
B0064V7SUO Super cute! Very fun, kicky little sox. So cute and I love the colorful puma that is knit in across the instep. Comfy to wear and best of all, they don't seem to pick up much lint, which many black socks are wont to do
B006GKA76A Cute little yoga pants. My daughter insists on wearing skirts 24/7 so getting her to wear pants is near impossible.  She will however wear these mini yoga style pants without much fuss so they are a win in my book!  They are super cute and she finds them very comfortable.  She is a small 4t and they fit her perfectly, they do not fall off at the waist like many stretch type pants in her size do so I would go up a size if there were any hesitation about fit.
B006IQVU54 Cute, but not of lasting quality Disappointing for a name brand shoe.  The velcro did not hold up.  My daughter wore these one season and the velcro started to come apart, and threads were hanging loose.  I hadn't even thrown them into the wash!  The design also lacks an arch, so my daughter had a little trouble walking in these, being too flat for her feet.  The shoes will have to be tossed instead of handed down to her little sister.  They are cute, but I would have been better off buying a pair of generic sneakers from Babies R US.  I would have gotten the same quality or better!
B006IYT2XI fit was too small... keeping them for my younger son Pro-- cute, light weight, and good for girls or boys.Cons-- ran really small!!!  Too small for my daughter (9).But they were cute and a good value so I'm keeping them for my younger son.
B006J7WSEY Cute Very cute but run small! My 5 year old daughter wears a 10 so I got her a 11. they fit now for spring soccer she might be able to fit in them for fall soccer.
B006J7WSEY sized smaller then expected Bought for my daughter who out grew her size 1. Was worried a 2.5 would be to big bur size 2 was sold out so I purchased a 2.5 and its a good thing I did. I will be lucky to get 1 season out of these cleats which is sad because they are super cute.
B006J7WSEY tight fit The're very cute, nice an brilliant colors but actually runs tight. PUMA runs really small. Order a number up or 1.5
B006JCTRDO cute but.... My kid is pretty simple... He isn't hard on shoes. These are really cute however they didn't last very long. The soles fell apart within a semester. For the price, I would've liked then to last at least till he outgrew them!
B006JCUBK2 cute and easy! Product was super cute and came fast ! Me and my one year old take a swim class and I got these to just toss on rather than mess with socks and shoes. The price was right, shipped fast, just as I expected. Very happy.
B006JCUBK2 Hard to put on Very cute and cozy looking, but the 2 year old daughter won't bend her feet to go all the way in. After a few tries, she tells me to put it back in the box. Returning it.
B006JCUBK2 I LIKE it These boots are really cute and they keep my daughter's feet nice and warm, but the only problem I have with them is that they are hard to clean. once there is a stain on them, thats it, forget trying to clean it out. besides that one thing, these boots are supper cute and cozy!
B006K28VOO So different, and so cute! I got these in black for my 2 year old in 8M US Toddker size.  They fit perfectly!PROS- Great fit and she says they are comfy- Extremely easy to get on and off- Cute, they are very different from any other snow boots we see (they look fairly petite)- We haven't had an occasion yet where the inside of the boots is not dry even after heavy snow days- Easy to cinch the top to seal it- Good treads, she has good footing in the snow and iceCONS- The ankle strip only has velcro in one spot, which means you can't cinch it tighter. However, I didn 't have any problems with them coming off when she got into deep snow and had to pull her foot out.
B006LX0LD6 Absolutely adorable My husband loved Puma and this outfit is so cute! My little girl looked adorable in it wearing it with a pair of baby pumas
B006PF0Q2Q Super Cute. This is a very cute outfit and was a good price for a complete outfit by Puma. I like the yellow color for summer and it has a nice fit for my daughter.
B006QOI4L6 Would recommended these These are very cute and comfortable shoes. Wanted something that was cute to wear with my shorts besides sandals and these are perfect.
B006QOI4L6 Comfortable and Cute! I tried these shoes on at a local Puma store, but they didn't have the size I really needed. I ordered them and they were perfect and cheaper than in the store. They are super light weight and very comfortable. I wore them to walk around Disney World for several days!
B006QOIEY8 Comfy sneakers at the right price I was in the market for sneakers and jumped when i saw these at such a great price. Really comfortable and with more support than what they look like. Not the super thin sole that many pumas have. These are definitely good sneakers for exercising, walking etc. Plus the colors are cute.
B006QOJDAW CUTE REALLY CUTE SHOES, BUT IT WAS TOO SMALL. I HAD TO RE ORDER IT.USUSALLY IM 8 1/2 BUT IN THESE SHOES A 9 FIT BETTER.
B006QOJEKQ not confy but cute too small, not true to size and hard plastic. had to return
B006QOK6TY Cute style, absurdly uncomfortable Super cute shoe, love the styling. But possibly the most uncomfortable shoe I have ever warn. For first wearing it it runs in all the wrong spots and is super rigid. I can't imagine anyone wearing this shoe more than 3 minutes. Immediately got returned.
B006QOL57G super cute but fitted I bought this shoes because I'm a big fan of Puma and needed some shoes for work. The color combo is super cute! but its a little fitted. After reading reviews, I purchased half a size up. When I received it in mail, tried it on and its still a little tight. I guess I'll just have to wear thin socks. Other than that, the shoe is super cute!
B006QOL57G cute but small I have never had a problem wearing 8.5 shoes before but this one was wayyy too tight/small! Cute colors though so I'm planning on getting 9s
B006QP1SCC It is cute but not for walking shose this shoes it is so cute but it is hard tough on your feet.  It is not good for long walk.
B006QP1SCC Cute in photo In the photo these shoes look cute/questionable cute.  I wanted shoes that go over the ankle and these clearly do and they are made by Puma. They are alright. I thought that it would be made with leather which it is not. They come with white shoe laces as seen in the photo. and the box it comes in has a extra reusable bag to carry the shoe box. Over all i gave these shoes 2stars cause they arent as cute as the photo indeicates.
B006QP1URU Nice looking sneakers These sneakers are very cute, but they run very small and VERY very  thin. I gave them to my daughter.
B006QP37LW Great Shoes !The shoes are comfy and stylish. They are a perfect, just as all Pumas normally are, they are soooooo cute
B006QP3CCQ Nice to look at, no support These shoes are cute and support the ankles, but there is no support whatsoever in the shoe base. Don't use them for any long walking if your feet need support.
B006R7KECY Cute, but, too short. i bought for my 12 year old.  T-shirt is a little short.  My daughter likes them longer with a little pull.  We kept but should have sent them back because she won't wear it.
B006SZ5R1S Amazing, gorgeous!!!!!!! So cute!!! This I reccomend, for the price just amazing, the best ever. Has everything it says it supposed to have.
B006SZ6578 Soso I liked it for the color mostly, have had puma watches before. This one was not my favorite. Too big for a girls wrist (length wise) and just not as cute as I thought it would be
B006VYXUVU cute my cutie looks cute in theses they pick up dirt quickly though, true to size and she says they are comfortable
B006VYXUVU super cute! I got these for my 3 year old daughter and she loves them and gets complimented all the time.  As soon as she opened the box she put them on and ran around in them.  She has been wearing them for about a week and no complaints...they are comfortable and look great.
B006W1DT1I Super cute I was looking for velcro sneakers as they work best for my little one and these are great. Good quality, very cute.
B006W1DT1I cute Theses puma shoes are cute. My 2 year old daughter likes them. They are cute colors for spring. The quality of the shoe is good. They have held up.
B006WBB4D8 Best flats ever! I like how comfortable and durable they are. They are super cute with dresses or skinny jeans. I would buy again.
B006WBB4D8 Cute but not comfortable! The title said says it... Cute but not comfortable at all. Purchase these shoes for Vegas but glad I tried them before I took them to Vegas. They were hurting my feet when I wore then at work.
B006WBB4D8 Comfortable and cute but terrible in rain These shoes are really cute and comfortable but after getting wet in the rain did not hold up well at all.
B006WBB4D8 Comfortable and cute I didn't expect these to be as cute as they were. It's hard to find quality shoes that are comfortable and cute. I wore these to work and they did me well. After a while they do start to break in too much and now they're slightly too big. But they were a good shoe.
B006WDOSUC Cute shoes The shoes are cute and fit okay.  But there is no padding in the heal area.  Maybe I just need to break them in better, but I definitely do not wear these shoes very often because of them rubbing into my heals.
B006ZO2ZJY Cheap Shoes! Have worn only a few times and they are falling apart, cheaply made!I did however recieve many compliments on how cute they are.
B00712KP4G Like it alot! My son loves these shoes!...  I love how cute and comfy they seem - I just wish they had a bit more insole/cushion/arch - They'd be perfect!
B00712KP4G Love These shoes are not only so cute they are great for all beginner walkers! Looks cute with everything, huge perk!
B00712KP4G Cute but longer than I expected Very cute shoe. Worked well with my son's narrow feet. Size was longer than I expected so I ordered a second pair one size smaller. Saving the original pair for later.
B0071BW4FK Perfect! They take some breaking in but now, after a week of wearing them, they're amazing! Totally cute and great for work!
B0071BW9KK cute These are cute and worth the price. I like them because they work well in zumba class and most fitness classes
B0071BW9KK cute I like them for the most part. They are very cute, but they gave me a blister on my heal.
B0071BW9KK Very comfortable I purchased these to kick around in while wearing jeans.  They are really cute, comfortable and fit well.  I get lots of compliments on them!
B0071O1ILS Great Pants Cute and comfy fitting pants. They work well over my gymnastics leotard and are not too warm. They are a low cut waist when rolled over. I love them.
B0071O34XI Nice quality Cute lightweight jacket fitting with the olympic year. I'd say it runs a bit small, but I got a size bigger so ours is fine. My daughter loves it.
B0071RGGYY Cute shoes Haven't used them yet because I bought them larger than she needed, but they adorable!  I want them in another color!
B0071RGGYY cute I purchased this shoe when my son was learning how to walk. It was easy to put on and stayed on and he had no problems walking in them. They are great for indoor use, but when he was at daycare and they went outside, the soles got messed up easily. But i do recommend them cause they worked great and looked very cute! I got several compliments from other parents asking where i got them.
B0071RGWAM Great Cute and easy to get on. My daughter loved the sparkles. Fit just as expected fit according to size great
B0071RGWAM Fit as described, holds foot well - super cute! These are awesome! My whole family loves PUMA. I was a bit hesitant about the sizing because I know I need to go up for myself but these fit my daughter perfectly. The double velcro straps are super cute and hold the foot very well. She gets compliments on these everywhere she goes :) The bit of sparkle on the light purple is delicate and not overbearing. Awesome!
B0071RGWAM Cute shoes The shoes were fairly easy to put on. Very cute athletic shoes, will have to see my child in them more to see if she finds them comfy, she's only 21 months.
B0071RGWAM My Daughter made me put them right on her!! they are so cute and look just like the picture shows. My 3yr old daughter made me take off her sandles and put these right on, she loves them.
B0071V44LW cute i bought this for my mom and she loves it i only wish it had more colors to choose from cause i loved it would mind one for my self
B00721FXXE I would NOT purchase these again. These shoes are stylish and cute, but they are by far the worst made Puma's I've seen.  For whatever reason, the velcro strap is too small and doesn't stick.  Our son can't even wear them because they are constantly unfastened and fall off his feet.  I'm pretty disappointed with them because of it.
B00727EJIS Cute Got these for my daughter for school and they are just as cute in person and you can't beat the price.  Much cheaper than dept stores.
B00727EVWM cute I purchased these for my daughter a few months back, she has just now been able to wear them.  They go great with Jeans or with shorts and look so cute on her.
B00727EVWM Nice shoes, good fit My daughter put these on and immediately started running around with them, because she loved how cute they were.They fit very well, and accurate to the size indications that are provided.
B00727EVWM great These shoes fit great, are super cute, and easy enough to keep clean.  they also have a pull-out liner (intended to assist with making sure the size is appropriate), but I love that for emptying out the sand that gets in her shoes!
B00727EVWM Puma Cute, supportive and fits comfortably.Shock support, bright colors. My kindergartner loves them. They also have removable pads for when her feet grow.
B0073XDY6Y Super Cute & Comfy How did I find these adorable shoes?  My husband has the men's version of these shoes for everyday and he kept telling me how comfortable and supportive they were.  I saw these in the Blue Turkish Dots and decided to give them a shot!ProsVery cute and trendyTrue to size and widthBrillant Blue colorThe polka dots are a good sizeComfortable for a long wearDon't slide or slip offConsA bit pricey for a pair of slipper sandalsPuma is known to run narrow, these didn't seem to be that wayOverall, definitely a fabulous buy!  Love these and can't take them off!
B0073XIITC nice shoes I have a similiar style by nike that are very uncomfortable, but went ahead with these because of the reviews.  They are very comfortable,  and cute, I like them alot!
B0073XIITC Nice, but small. I got these in the same size I have other pumas.. They did not fit at all, not even close. I ended up having to sell them for way less than I payed.  :(  They were cute though.
B0073XIITC cute these shoes fit good, they pinch a little at first but stretch out , lots of compliments on them !
B0073XIITC I've been looking for pumas that weren't too expensive and ... I've been looking for pumas that weren't too expensive and that were really cute! This fit both and they're incredibly comfy
B0073XIITC Super cute and comfortable These are super cute and very comfortable. I like sneakers that are nice looking, a little different, and not going to be mistaken as guy sneakers...this is good for all those. I wear them to the gym and get lots of compliments.
B0073XIITC Awesome shoe I bought these shoes for myself and love them. The fit is perfect and so comefortable. Really cute too. I get compliments on them all the time.
B0073XIM5W very cute the tennis are very cute, confused me a bit the color I thought they were black, but gray and green make good combination. are small very comfortable and soft to walk. Recommended 100%
B00772O5E6 Cute shoes! When I wore these shoes to my soccer game, I got compliments every single time... Love the colors, too! Awesome!
B00772O5E6 Lite.......... A very lite, comfortable, kool, cute, sweet and pretty shoes. Fantastic when starting play soccer. Most beautiful than expected for my daughter.
B0077CZI6K I LOVEEEEEEEEE it is very cute is excellent, the materials are top quality, everyone say when they see how cute are waoo
B0079XE7NM Baby outfit The package came on time that they said.  Also, the outfit was really cute. Looked just like the picture. LOVED IT!!
B007CTSALS could have held up better Cute dress, but I don't like how beat up it looked after only a couple washes. Could have been a little longer as well to accommodate for shrinkage.
B007CTSE4Q Super Cute Awesome quality, true to size and looks great. Im giving this as a Christmas gift and can't wait for my niece to open it.
B007CTSE4Q Love iy We love this looks so cute on my little girl, we bought the black and pink one too and matching pants!
B007CTSGNK Cute design... This shirt had a cute design but was too small for my daughter and had no stretch to it, so we ended up sending it back without ordering another one.
B007IW8NJS Comfy Stylish Everyday Shoes I get a lot of compliments on these! I got them for work, which I stand all day, general retail job, and they're prefect.  I also do a lot of walking in them.  Comfy, cute and light!
B007IW8NJS Great Shoes!!! These shoes are so comfy and super cute!  I wear them for work where I'm on my feet a lot and they don't hurt my feet at all, their great! Love them!!!
B007IWKBK2 CRAZY CUTE My old tennis Puma's are size 8 (I'm usually 7.5) so I ordered these in 8: I'm glad I did, cause Puma's classically run small. Overall they are so unique: a combo of classy and sporty. I love them so much! They have great arch-support so they feel like a million bucks on and even arrived with a adorable re-usable Puma bag. AHUmazing;)
B007IWKBK2 Cute and casual These are now my go-to sneakers for summer and fall. They're casual and go with everything, and super lightweight. My only complaint is that they could do with more arch support--I can't wear them without insoles. But if that doesn't bother you, I definitely recommend these.
B007IWKBK2 cute and unique If your feet are wide these are not for you. You can dress them up or down. They are so unique.
B007MAYD2C Love! My 3 year old LOVES her new shoes!  We have had a hard time finding sneakers that have long enough velcro straps so that they stay on all day long, and these are perfect.  They are comfortable for her and really cute too!  They do run small, so definitely order up by a size or 2.
B007MAYD2C Cute and Functional My daughter loves them.  She can play in them, but they also are sparkly and work with lots of outfits.
B007MAYD2C Great bargain and cute! Adorable. The photos do not do the shoes justice. They are super sparkly under the right light. They are made well.
B007MAYD2C My girls love the sparkle shoes!! I ordered these shoes in the black & hot pink for my 2 girls who are 5 & 2. I was looking for something comfortable, but cute & neutral. These are perfect! They are very cute!! I wish they had them in my size! The sparkle in the shoe is really fun & adds that extra girly touch which my girls love! My 5 year old where hers to school a lot & says they are very comfortable:) I think any little girl would love them!
B007MAYD2C wore out quickly These are absolutely the cutest sneakers! I only gave it a 3 star rating because they are not suitable for school and playing. Within the first week of wearing them, my daughter had holes in the glittery netting material. We have no idea how. They are cute shoes, but I think they are more for looks than actual wear.
B007MAYD2C So cute! These runners are super cute, very comfy, lightweight and my daughter loves them too! They run really really small so you may want to go up at least 1-2 sizes. My duaghter is 2 and wears a size 8 shoe and the 9 fit a little too snug so I had to re order her the size 10. They now fit great with room to grow.
B007MAYD2C Perfect fit without the bulk Returned other Pumas for these. They fit great and look cute. No bulky shoe for her to trip over. The colors are girly too
B007MAYD2C Very cute sneakers Very very sparkly. Picture does not show how sparkly these sneakers actual are. Cute sneakers.  Bought them for my two year old daughter.  Saved a few dollars though amazon.
B007MAYD2C Super cute, but too small. Discovered that Puma's run small. Bought a size 4 for my little girl, but she needed a 5. Shoes are even cuter in person.
B007MAYD2C Cute, comfortable, but not great quality These serve their purpose of every day play shoes for my 4 year old. She can get them on by herself and she likes how they look. They are more sparkly/glittery than I realized from the photos. And the vinyl or whatever they are made of does get beat up pretty easily.  But they are comfortable, stylish, cute and youthful, and my daughter doesn't complain about them. I just don't think they're the best quality overall compared to other brands I've bought my kids.
B007MAYD2C go-to shoe for baby My 10 month old daughter is just beginning to walk and these are my go to shoe for her. The velcro and snug fit ensure she can get them off herself plus there look so stinkin cute on her.
B007MAYD2C Great shoe! These shoes are very cute. Very shiny and girly! They fit true to size and are easy to get on my toddlers feet.
B007MAYD2C Cute but wear out quickly These are cute shoes that seem comfortable on my daughter but I put them in the washer once and half of the sparkles came off the fabric.  She's also worn two holes in them after only a month or so.  Other shoes seemed to last much longer.
B007MAYD2C CUTE Shoes! These are super cute! My daughter gets so many compliments on them. The pictures do not do them justice! They are so glittery and shiny! Very pretty and they fit perfectly! Will purchase again when she outgrows them!
B007MB0V8G super cute These shoes are awesome and super cute. My daughter loves them and we are both very satisfied. I had to exchange them for a slightly bigger size but the process was very easy.
B007MB1QVM Great Camp Shoes I purchased these shoes for my 11 year old daughter for camp. They fit her perfectly and were really cute as well. Would recommend them.
B007MB1QVM Cute and comfortable. Is cute and comfortable. If you are looking for something breathable and soft sole. This is a great pick. There's a little sparkle, but not over done. Just good enough. Cute with almost any outfit.
B007MC1DGE Cute and well-made! Very stylish, well-made sneaks for my boys.  I don't like that there is some fabric on these shoes though because I worry about them getting dirty.  Otherwise, they are great!
B007MCNL6O Cute silver Pumas I bought Hush Puppies in a US13.5 and they fit perfectly, these are in a size US1 but it'll be a while before she can wear them.  She does like them and they appear to be made well.
B007NQ658A Cute but uncomfortable There is definitely not enough arch support from this shoe, after a day's wear, I have some sore feet. The material is not very soft either, it's very rigid on the sides. Looks extremely cute but not the most comfortable.
B007P0Q3WC great Its cute. Got it as gift for a friends daughter with some other clothes at a great price while on sale. Her daughter loved it.
B007P0Q72I Cute Got this for my daughter and she loves it! It came as pictured. I would get this in other colors as well. My daughter is a tall 4 1/2 year old and I got size 6, to leave some room to grow into.
B007P3PQHC Love these! Very comfortable and super cute.  Sporty but not too flashy.  I intend to wear them all fall/winter long!  I bought a 1/2 size up, in order to fit my insoles in them and they are a perfect fit!
B007Q36U4Y Very comfortable & cute My six year old hates tennis shoes in general, but he put these on and no complaints.  Soon he'll be asking for a Ferrari too!
B007RUV686 Adorable The concept of this outfit cracks me up. 12 mos size is still to big for my 4 month old little girl but it was too cute and a great deal so I ordered early. It is exactly like an adult track suit in quality and I assume comfort. I can't wait to dress her in this outfit!
B007SJK51K Cute but big These are super cute shoes however they run large. The opening for your foot seems too wide to wear it without sliding out.
B007SJKEYS Cute Shoes These shoes are super cute and easy to put on my busy toddler. They are lightweight, which is nice, but they aren't very supportive. My little one has foot braces and needs all the help she can get. I think I'll keep them as a pair of backup shoes, but really need something sturdier. I also discovered that Pumas run small. I bought these a full size larger than her Champions and they fit the same.
B007SJKEYS Does not stay on the feet These sneakers are super cute but the elastic is not strong enough to keep my daughter's foot in the shoe...she can't really wear them because they keep coming off.
B007SLGLX4 Super cute! I totally recommend these shoes - they are a great tennis shoe - but also works with slightly more dress occasions and not just going to the playground. And they are so easy to get on and off. My 5 year old can do it in less than 10 seconds. :-) The shoe also has kept it's look and they look practically brand new and it's been a few months... which is when most shoes have really started to show their wear.
B007SLGLX4 Very cute Very cute shoe. The pic makes it look white with pink, but it's actually a light gray with pink. The shoe is true to size and easy to put on.My 2/5 y/o loves them. No complaints.
B007SLGLX4 Cute My daughter loves it. I am giving it four stars for now been that she just started wearing it. Overall the colors are cute and  and my daughter says it is comfortable
B007SM2M2W Cute shoes! I bought these for my 5 and 6 year old daughters. They love these shoes because they are sparkly! They are comfortable and easy to clean ( they are waterproof)
B007SM2M2W Great buy So cute, goes with everything, durable, fits true to size. We used these shoes for playtime at the park and got so much use of them until she grew in size.
B007SM2M2W cute! Just got these for my 2-year-old. She has chubby, short feet. About 2 months ago, I bought her some Toms in a size 7, which are a little long for her, but comfortable. I bought these Pumas for her in a size 7, too, because I thought that the Toms were really narrow and that a 7 in a different shoe might be good. Anyway, these fit her fairly well, but with not so much room to grow, and the velcro was just barely reaching across her foot. Just returned the 7s and bought 8s, and I'm hoping that they won't be too long.Anyway, they are VERY cute, and she (and her 7-year-old brother) loved them on her! I think they will hold up MUCH better than the Toms.
B007SM2M2W Very cute This sneaker is very cute and perfect for my preschooler.. My daughter loves them.  The material waterproof and easily cleaned also.
B007SM2M2W Super Cute My two year old loves these shoes.  They are super cute.  I find Puma to run a little small.  My daughter usually wears an 8 and these are a 9 and fit perfect.
B007SM6OE4 Cute, comfortable and appear to be durable My daughter loves Puma's and finally wore out the last pair.  She was super excited about this glittery style!  I am impressed with the coating that is over the glitter, which will likely hold up better than other glittery shoes we have had.
B007USEG6E Cute Cameo! I generally fit in a 6.5 or 7, I bought these in the 6.5 and they fit fine (a little roomy actually). The cameo pattern is really cool, they're a cute addition to a lot of outfits - with jeans or even to dress-down a sundress and jean jacket look. I recommend!
B007UZ3LC2 Cute This is a real cute outfit for the Summer. It is well made and has tons of details on the shirt from the great details on the shirt and the tie on the side is really cute.The shorts are more grape then purple.real pretty and a must have.
B007W1CBLQ BOYS OUTFIT I think the outfit is really cute. I haven't given it to him yet because its a Christmas present. Thanks
B007W2YZ3W Too cute and but big. I love these shoes when I saw it online and more when I received it. They are super cute but too bad it run too large. I am between sizes (7.5-8). I ordered an 8 to be sure that they would fit, but it was too big. Too bad there wasn't any half size left.
B007X0DKP2 Really cute shirt Really cute shirt but it didn't fit my daughter (wrong size) and it didn't have much stretch to it so I just sent it back without ordering another one.
B007X2OPC2 very cute short shirt when my daughter wears this short t-shirt, she looks so cute. she likes it too.when she walked like a fashion model, she askes,&#34;mom, i like this tshirt very much
B007X2OPC2 super cute! Super cute! Looks great with the matching sweatsuit I got for my daughter too. We always get compliments on the out fit.
B007X2OR4S Very cute Purchased these for my 2 year old when I signed her up for soccer classes. They look just as advertised and fit great.
B007X2ORIO So Cute!! I bought these for my niece for christmas.  They fit her really well and the bedazzled logo on the back is super cute.  She loved them!
B007X2OVL2 Really cute This shirt fit great. Very true to size and very durable. This shirt will last for a long time. It is made with really good fabric.
B00801YENA Great shoes I absolutely love these shoes! They arrived in perfect condition, and the fit is terrific. They hold up very well in rainy conditions, and look so cute!
B0084CXQO8 LENGTH ISSUE THIS SHIRT LOOKS LIKE IT SHOULD BE FOR A BABY AS THE LENGTH IS SUPER SHORT. LENGTH IN PICTURE IS DECEIVING.  THE DESIGN IS CUTE, BUT OVERALL POOR QUALITY !
B0084D5BRM super cute! This is super cute! My daughter has leggings and a little black ruffle skirt she wears with this shirt and we get compliments every time.
B0088B6G3I Very nice This puma infant fleece hoodie and pant set is true to size andreally really cute. Highly recommend. Would love to buy again
B0088B75E2 Super cute! Love this outfit on my little one!  I bought this outfit in 24 months and my daughter is pretty long and lean at 2 years, 2 months.  Fits great with a little room to grow and is adorable.  I would recommend to friends.  Wish they had a matching mommy one!
B008A6BA64 Cute! Super cute, great with a casual summer dress.  They will take a little while to break in - be prepared for some heel blisters and have a couple band aids ready the first couple time you wear them.
B008A6BA64 SO CUTE!! These shoes are great! The fit is perfect and they are very cute.  I really think that they go with anything.  LOVE THEM!
B008A6BB9U Super cute and comfortable! These shoes are lightweight and very flexible, while providing great arch support. Perfect for aerobics/cardio or just looking cute while running errands.
B008A6BPJQ style & comfort I ordered them for an upcoming trip to Europe to pack light- to reduce the amount of shoes I take (I wanted comfortable and cute). These shoes are even cuter or at least just as cute as in the photos, as well as amazingly comfortable. I got them in yellow, since this goes well with the colors I wear, but it is tempting to get multiple pairs in different colors. My feet are not wide, for someone with wider feet they could be tight in the front...
B008A6CIL0 Perfect battle red! These shoes are exactly what I was looking for! They look super cute with my Texans jersey and they even match my old school Oilers gear!  They're lightweight and very comfy!
B008A6CIL0 Cute I really love the look of these shoes.  They are a little snug width wise but other than that they are a great pair of shoes.
B008A6COO6 Comfortable & Cute I bought these sneakers for walking in the city from the train to the office. I was looking for black, cute, and comfortable and that is what I got. And it was super affordable. I usually look to PUMA first when buying non-running sneakers and once again i am satisfied.
B008A6JWU0 love these shoes! super comfortable and very cute.  i have them in two colors.  i think they run a bit small as i usually wear 5.5-6 but had to go with 6.5.
B008A6JWU0 Excellent article overall I bought this shoes to my girfriend and she it's in love with it. She want to buy other in different colors.She says that are so comfortable, resistances, and cute, etc.
B008A6JWU0 cute shoes! These shoes are very cute and stylish! I love how they look. I would give it five stars if it was a little more durable. They are very light and thin and would not preform well for working out or any physical activity but if you are looking for a cute shoe to run errands in then this is perfect. They are a little snug so you may want to go a little bigger like others have mentioned on here.
B008A6K4HU Cute Shoe I loved these in the picture, I liked them when they showed up, but they were too tight. A slimmer fit then I expected out of a cross trainer. I gave them to my 13 year old daughter :)
B008A6KTKC Cute I ordered a 81/2 but I could of went with a 8. I have a little room but nothing that hinders me from wearing them. I guess I have to get use to them, my feet did feel a little hot after I worked out in them. But it could of been my socks because I went thicker due to the little extra space I had in.. Overall they are cute and comfy. Will proabably wear them as an everyday sneaker instaed of crossfit.
B008A6KTKC AmAzInG These are one of the best shoes I have ever purchased they fit like a glove I'm a nurse and I am on my feet for twelve or more hours a day and haven't hurt my feet once!!!!! Oh and not to mention they are super cute:)
B008A6KTKC Didn't Fit For me this shoe was very big and wide. I could walk out of them. I thought they were very cute. I wish they would have fit.
B008A6KTKC Worth it! These are super cute on & do the job for the price I paid. I run about 5 times a week (about 2.5 miles a day) and they do not hurt & they support well. I love them!
B008A6KTKC I like them! They are comfortable and super cute! I love these shoes! They are cute and comfortable. I bought an 8.5 but if I wasnt going to run in them then I probably could have worn an 8. Puma's are usually best for a narrower foot so they fit mine well and seem well made. My last pair of Nike shox were a disappointment (Heavy and NOT for exercise) but I love these puma's! BTW Much cheaper on amazon
B008A6KTKC super cute the shoe was ery cute but too tight and uncomfortable, so i returned with no problem, mayeb i size bigger would fit but i didnt want to chance it i just went to the shoe store instead.
B008A6KTKC Perfect Cute and comfy. The fit is just right, not too big or small. Many people have commented and I've only worn them once!
B008A6QIV6 poorly made shoe These shoes are cute, but the do not have support.  They are also too flexible.The price was right - $30 - but I don't recommend.
B008AH39YE Very cute Fits well. Washes with no color run. I love the puma brand so that that that that helps for sure
B008B7ND1W Cute True to size.  The fit is good, it's a little slim for toddlers that still have an infant shape. K.
B008B7NE2K Too cute!! Love this outfit and it fits our little girl perfectly. Fast response from sender and great quality.  Fits great around the waist and through the legs.
B008B7NE2K Perfect quality and very cute I have bought it for my daughter. It is very cute and nice. Quality is perfect. I would recommend it.
B008B7NE2K Super Cute! Super cute outfit.  Runs a little small but otherwise good quality.  Cute ruffle on the bottom of the jacket makes it perfect for girls.
B008B7NK2Y cute Cute outfit and well made. We looked all over for a puma newborn and were thrilled to finally find one.
B008B7NLUK Puma workout set My grandaughter looked so cute in this outfit and it was very well made, still a little large for her at 5 months.  Definitely would recommend.
B008B7NLV4 So cute Cute and affordable, great combination. It is something comfy for a wee one and just as cute as similar outfits that were double the price.
B008B7NLV4 Puma sweat suit My grandaughter looked so cute in this outfit and it was very well made, a little large for her at 5 months.  Definitely would recommend.
B008B7NLV4 Super Cute I love this out fit and it is super cute. The only complaint is that the material on the pants snagged with the first wash.
B008B7NLV4 not for active wear my daughter looks so cute in her tracksuit.however, the material is not ideal for activity time.the pants don't have much give to them
B008B7NLV4 Cute outfit I bought this for my granddaughter. I would recommend this outfit for any special little girl. Shipping was quick. Washes great.
B008BXRZ9W My daughter's favorite new shoes I bought these because I thought they were cute.  My daughter absolutely loves them.  They are easy to get on and off, which is usually a problem for her, but she never wants to take them off!  She used these on pretty much a daily basis and still does. They haven't shown any signs of wear at all.
B008BXRZ9W Cute shoes They are really cute and they match everything, you may want to size up my dd wears a size 8 and I ordered a 9 and it is good fit
B008BXRZ9W Great shoes These are really cute shoes and they look exactly as pictured.  Fit as expected and easy to put on and take off!
B008BXRZ9W Cute and comfy The shoes are perfect. Even though they're almost a size smaller, our little one can still wear them and grow into them well!
B008EYO4TW So Cute!! I wanted these shoes for the days when I wear workout apparel while running errands around town.  I read the reviews before I purchased them and noticed that a lot of people said they run small.  Well, it made me a little nervous so I waited until I went into a Puma store to try on this style before ordering them.  It turns out I am the same size as I am in all my shoes, 8.5.  They fit perfectly.  So, I don't think these shoes run small, they're super cute, the color is just like in the picture and they're really really comfortable.  I may just have to get them in another color, darn ;-).
B008EYO4TW Cute but not too comfortable Not as comfortable as I thought they would be.  Good looking shoe, but was tight around the top of my foot.  Sadly, I will be returning them.
B008EYP1K8 Very cute I have wide feet so i need to break them in but they are super cute and I'm looking forward to wearing them!  I received a compliment  the first time I wore them!!
B008EYP1K8 Cute shoe I really like this shoe, just make sure you order 1/2 size up. I wear a size 8 so I ordered a 8 1/2. They are a really cute shade of pink just like the picture. I have not worn them a full day yet, I can't wait until it gets warmer. You will be happy with these.
B008F063BM Super cute I choose this rating as l am a big fan of Puma's but these ones run a little small....just wear thin socks and your all set.  I recommend this to the stylish female who loves to get noticed by her style of shoes.  Definitely recommend!
B008F06A5Q Very CUTE!!! I love these shoes!  They are cute and have the right amount of arch and heel support for me!  I would definitely recommend them!
B008F06A5Q Very cute! When they arrived I was shocked at how cute they really were! The cloth part on the top and sides of the shoes has a sparkily thread woven into it. Also the inside of the shoe seems to have an insert that supported the arch and ball of my feet. Great shoes.
B008F06C7C super cute but a little too small i'm typically a 9.5, and i have pumas which are a 10 and too big, so i figured i'd shoot for the 9.5........bad choice, basically.otherwise, they're really really cute and i've gotten some great compliments!!
B008F06KB0 Great for the gym! Got the shoes in my regular size 7 1/2 and they fit perfect. Love wearing them to the gym, they are comfortable and super cute.
B008F2BEWI Cutest 3/4 pants I own I'm a dancer and am always looking for clothes that are cute, light and easy. The price point was great on these and I love the ruched bottoms. Super cute!
B008K03B6C cute and stylish I have serveral of these and always get many compliments.  I am 5'2&#34; and these hit me right below the knee so they are a perfect fit.  There is plenty of room in the hip area and super comfy.
B008KJ2ZFG Cute shirt I ordered this shirt for my 5 year old daughter. It fits very good and is really cute. It is true to size.
B008L717ME Very cute but run small! Omg...these are very cute and look well made. However, they run small! I wear a 8.5 in Nike and New Balance but an 8.5 in these are just way too small. So they had to be returned. I was just sad they were out of stock to get the size up. I guess I will be looking for a different pair.
B008PJIH44 Love It! Love this Jacket!  I bought it for my two year old son and he looks so cute in it.  He also is picky when it comes to textures and this worked perfect!
B008R9Y0V6 Really Cute Sneaker. These are super cute. Has a nice height. They are a little snug on me. Should have ordered a 1/2 size larger.
B008R9Y0V6 super cute sneaks!! My newest shoe love is for wedge sneaks and I love these ones. They're super comfortable and they look absolutely adorable with a little skirt or shorts. Would recommend these to anybody that's looking for a some kicks that add some height and leg length.
B008RAGKBS Very cute, and good price Very cute, and good price. The shoes are very comfortable, the size is correct. Only that the part of back, it looks like plastic
B008RLY7NK Super cute! I love these shoes! They are super cute and very comfy! They work perfectly on the fairway! Puma shoes are a fav anyway.
B008UR99TI CUTE This shirt is very cute.  I know it's a men's shirt, but I got it to wear on casual days with some yoga or soccer pants.  At first it's hard for others to read that it says PUMA, but many people complimented me on it after they realized.  Ladies get a smaller size bc it runs a little big.
B008VV0TJ2 Terrible Velcro This shoe is ok. Really cute, problem is the Velcro doesn't hold up. It started shredding after only a couple of wears.
B008VV1KZE Bright, cute, and comfortable Bought these in size 10 for my 3 year old, they fit his narrow foot and are easy to walk in (not too stiff like some brands). The velcro is strong and never comes loose. Also, his entire preschool class gave him tons of compliments thanks to the bright colors!
B008VV1KZE Super Cute Kicks They look good on my daughters feet, and she enjoys wearing them. We didn't strike out on this pair of shoes.
B008VV1KZE Cute My daughter loves these shoes. They do run true to size so keep that in mind. She says that they are comfy.  Very cute!
B008VV1KZE beautiful and great quality My five year old loves these shoes.  They are super cute and colorful.  Would buy theses again in a heartbeat.
B008X04KR8 Great deal for the money! Puma shoes for $18.00?! And they are cute?! I had to buy two pair :) I love them. they are very durable and super comfortable.
B008XAUJB4 CUTE SHOES My daughter loves these shoes and has gotten a lot of use out of them.  They fit true to size and the Velcro is especially nice.  She is able to put them on quickly on her own. Very cute shoes!
B008XAUJB4 Great quality shoes My daughter needed new sneakers for schools and these velcro ones fit the bill perfectly.  They lighter than I expected and the glittery pink is really cute.
B0098VH8IE Cute Bought this for travel. It's nice, lightweight and comfy. If you want something warm this may not work but for light wind or dampness it fine not to mention a good price.
B009FN614C Beautiful colors They're so cute... better than I expected and they look different than the shoe I saw online. The colors are bright and bold. So ready to wear them.
B009FN614C Love the look and so much more comfortable than most! When the wedge sneakers came out i thought they were so ugly, but i found these and they look so much better they actually look cute and are easy to wear! They are very well made and go with anything
B009FN614C OUTSTANDING!!!!! Love the Color.  Looks cute with red skinny jeans, and white top.  I'm a very satisfied happy customer.  Thank you
B009FN614C Cute & Casual There sneakers are perfect for me. I'm a heels girl because I'm so short, I always want some height. These are comfy and gives me that extra little lift while maintaining a casual look. Looks great with skinny jeans.
B009FN614C Comfy & Cute! I absolutely love these shoes!! Comfy and cute! I want to get white ones!! Couldn't find them in stores & wasn't sure about ordering before trying them on but they are true to size!
B009FN614C Amazing! I love these shoes.!! The fit was perfect, they are comfortable, they are just as cute in the picture as they are on. I will defenitley be order more pairs of these in different colors.
B009FN614C Love them. Good fit, comfortable and cute. Always get complimented on them and asked where they were purchased. Searched other sites for same shoe and this was the best price.
B009FN614C Pumas !!!! Cute Cool pumas everyone ask where did u get them they're cute omg beyond happy with this purchase .... I'm gonna by 2 more pair
B009FN614C Cute! The acture color is a bit darker than the photo but really cute.A lot of people asked me where I got them from.I normally wear size 7.5 or 8 but sized up for this sneakers and got 8.5. Fits perfet.
B009FN614C So comfy and cute! These shoes fit really well and were true to size. I have wide feet so I was worried they might not fit, but there was plenty of room. The heel adds a bit of fun although it is short enough that walking in them is easy.
B009FN614C Cute. Cute shoes, very comfortable. They make me feet look big... Which was the only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5.
B009FN614C Cute Sneaker! The shoe itself is a very cute shoe! I think it runs a tad bite to small, but then again, maybe my feet got fat!
B009FN614C great shoes! These are cute and comfortable! What else can you ask for?It goes with pretty much everything. I love them!!
B009FN6NRW Gift Bought as a gift for sister. She loves them. The color is cute and she has received loads of compliments.
B009FNNAT6 cute and comfortable I love these shoes, they are easy to wear and go with jeans, shorts, and even a casual skirt. I took them on vacation and wore them every day.
B009FNNFC8 Cute but runs big I usually wear a 5.5 in Puma but these shoes run big. I would love to have them in a 5 but they don't have that size in stock :(
B009G1T5YG Cute but not comfy They are cute but not comfy at all. Can not wear any longer then maybe five minutes or so! I have tried just about everything to make them comfy!
B009G1T5YG Loving them. Not to sure about the holes in the sole but love the color red and turquoise. The fit does run about 1/2 size small, and I ordered accordingly. These will be for summer so no socks and will be cool and lightweight. I plan to wear these all the time, not just for working out and running. Cute with jeans.
B009G1U2XE Great, cute workout shoes! This shoe is very comfortable, fits true to size, and is super cute in purple! The only issue I have experienced is the tongue sticks up a little and has rubbed the top of my ankle a little raw on my right foot. I think it is just from driving in the shoes. No biggie.
B009G1VXJG Soo Nice Very beautiful, cute, good shoes, It was that was waiting, wanted them to run, now already I have them, to run...
B009G1WZP2 too small had to get an 8. think my foot got bigger.. I exchanged for an 8 and it fits perfect and they are cute
B009G1WZP2 Awesome! Cute and comfy! I expect nothing less from puma. These shoes were a great price for this color in particular. Not sure why, but I'm not complaining!
B009K9OTJA Cute They are very cute, I ordered the wrong thing it was fault I had to do a return. Thank You
B009KBPPAA CUTE! CUTE! CUTE! My daughter (5 yrs old) love this shoe and she look so cute in it - That's all that count!!!  I try looking for a larger size for when she grows out of this one, but (sad) there no more larger size!
B009KCN4D4 Cute and functional. Super cute, easy on-off, and comfy. I would definitely recommend them. The only issue we had is that the blue from the insole stained our daughter's white socks.
B009KCN4D4 Cute These are super cute and my daughter loves them. They seem comfy as she hasn't complained about them hurting like she has with other shoes. They're a little long, but she says she'll grow into them.I'd buy again.
B009KSDDUM Cute Sneakers .. I got these shoes for my daughter and she wears size 1, the shoes are really cute beautiful colors combined..but these run  kind of small So i had to return them to order a size bigger but a really comfortable shoes..
B009KSDDUM Cute The sneakers are cute and a great price but beware online shoppers they do run very small. I purchased an entire size bigger for September and the just fit them now probably won't make it into October
B009KSDW62 Love it! The Pants fit my daughter perfect! I would definitely recommend them to a friend!  They are really cute on her.
B009KSDW62 Cute pants They are cute pants and easy for my daughter to slide up and down to go to the bathroom on her own.
B009KSDXP2 adorable Super cute, great quality and fantasic price. Bought it for my daughter and she looks adorable in it. Love it!
B009KTLR6I VERY CUTE SHOE!!! I saw this online and found it was perfect for my very tall 5yr old. It fit him perfectly he wears size12 presently so I bought the 12.5. It looks so cute on his little feet. I'm glad I decided to order this shoe.
B009KTLR6I Kinderfit puma These shoes are super cute... it's a small fit and it's very lightweight.My son hasn't worn it as yet. I will give a review when he wears it when school reopensOk so my son has been wearing the sneaker for the past 3 weeks and no complaints thus far. He gets lots of compliments on them
B009KUEOFS So cute! The pumas are perfect for my sweet little walker!  They arrived on time and were so cute.  The rhinestones add a special touch!  Love them!
B009MO0E2Y pretty pretty!!!!!!! this sandal is very light weight and the look is fun, cute. I enjoy wearing them. I have gotten compliment's.
B009SW62MQ Perfect for school My daughter has a very thin foot, so this shoe was perfect for her because it is not wide at all. It is very sturdy and light at the same time. And, although it is blue, the sparkling on one side gives it a very cute and feminine touch. We love these!
B009SWB1BS Super cute, but small I would order a size or two up.  These were too small for my son.  I have a younger son and will save them for him since they are so cute and a good price.
B009XJ6ATO Granmommie The tennis dress is so cute and of quality material.  It fit my grandaughter very well.  The color was great....she just loves it!  It is a little big (I ordered the 6) but my daughter wanted it to fit that way.  Just Darling!!!
B009XPROWU So cute! These sneakers are very cute!They are true to fit, made well and extremely comfy!!!!I would definitely recommend these sneakers..Plus, it comes in a cute puma bag to store your sneakers in..so adorable!
B00A005X4S Looove - so comfy. These sneaker sandals are so comfortable - I want them in all colors!! They fit perfectly (half size bigger for a roomier feel and your feet expand throughout the day). One of the most comfy shoes that I own and so cute!
B00A008HR8 Needed a 1/2 bigger Super cute I needed a half-size bigger...did not return because my friend who's a size 7 wanted to keep them because they were too cute!
B00A2V7MLC 2T Sizing Perfect fit (and still great fitting after months and months of usage) My 2 year old has a cute little round belly and it still looks great on him.
B00AAJDBM0 way too small Puma clothes run very small...beware.  Otherwise it's a cute shirt.  It does have a see-through issue...good with another shirt underneath...or sports bras.  The little tie on the side is also a bit itchy and awkward according to my 11 year old picky child.
B00AAJEISQ Really cute. Make shorts bigger!  Are we trying to raise a generation of street walkers?  The colors are so cute, but really, leave something to the imagination, we are talking about impressionable young ladies here.
B00AAKJ6L4 cute i like the colors and so did my daughter and it fit just fine will buy again later down the line
B00AAKJ95C Casual Wear My daughter wears this to her gymnastics class...she moves freely in it and it she looks so cute in it. I placed an order for the pink one too!
B00AAKL8F6 Cute and practical One of my grand daughter's stocking stuffers.  I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly it got here.  We both love this cute little outfit.
B00AALE9G0 Cute These Puma shorts looked amazing on.  They were snug around her leg yet roomy around her waist.  She wears a size 5 and is of average weight for her age.  Would buy again....
B00AALELRC very cute Daughter loves them, great neon green colors, and very comfortable. Great quality for the price. Wish they had more colors in her size!
B00AALF76Q So Cute These are so cute, fit as expected and seem to be very comfortable. They will definitely be great for this summer
B00AALIU5G cute cute and comfy shorts. looks and feels like they are made well. A little big in the waist but that was expected.
B00AAMES2O Super This outfit is so cute! I bought it for my little boy and love the style and quality. Very pleased
B00AANIDQ0 Cute! It runs a little small in its sizing but it is a good quality t-shirt. The colors are same as the picture.
B00AANIDQ0 very Cute Nice looking. Comfortable. Cool adorable little boys shirt. Very stylish and current. Fits perfectly. I would reccomend this item for sure.
B00AEUPXU8 Cute It is just as described and therefore just as expected.  It's a cute little shirt at a nice little price.
B00AFPN4NA like very very cute, the fit was as expected becaue each child is different,  a little pricey though, wash in cold water
B00AFPN4NA Really cute! My baby is 9 months and the 12 month size fits her great. It looks like it'll fit her probably up until 12 months. She's about 19 pounds.She looks really cute, the outfit seemed comfy for her (no complaints, anyway) and we got lots of compliments!
B00AJK3X00 Cute and colors are nice A bit too sporty for my daughter in the design, looks more material like a tee top, but def sport material. So for a sporty daughter  then perfect for the real shirt this is!
B00AJK427S cute-t color is a little lighter than shown. good fit and sleeves are folded on ends. thin and comfy most for summer.
B00AKEGXL6 cute This shirt is really cue. I bought it for my 5 year old daughter when she starts school. It is true to size and looks exactly like the picture!
B00ANJVSUY CUTE VERY CUTE SHIRT BOUGHT FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD AND SHE LOVES IT. THE FIT WAS TO EXACT SIZE .
B00AOAQAJG Very cute! They are great looking and comfortable. They have loosened up in the width after some wear, which is just fine.
B00AOATXAO great shoes I had to send them back because they were to small although they were great shoes and very very cute.
B00AOATXAO Cute! I ordered half size up us I was suggested. This was smart, because it fits me well. They cute, comfortable, great colors.
B00AOATXAO Cute wedge pumas I know my size in Puma is 8.5, and these fit just right. They are not as cushioned as I expected as in a tennis shoe, so I bought inserts, and I also replaced the pink laces with black. I wish Puma had included a second set of laces.
B00AOATXAO So cute and comfy These are so comfortable and fit true to size. You can be stylish and comfortable. I was a little hesitant initially but I love them.
B00AOBAAQO cute these shoes are super cute.  they are more teal than green, but still cute.  they aren't nearly as comfortable as I thought they would be, though.
B00AOBC4JA Super cute and comfy! The shoes are super cute and comfy. Fit exactly as expected. Perfect for the summer!! The color is a little more gray than the pictures.
B00AOBC4JA Very cute but too large Very very very cute shoe but ran too large so I had to return it. Of course I'm going to reorder a smaller size!
B00AOBC4JA cute but ouch! unfortunately I know better than to buy shoes w/o trying them on but I needed something fast.  They run a bit tight and they rub on the heel.  I wore them one day and had blisters.  Too bad - they were so cute! but will probably not wear again.
B00AOBC4JA Very cute and good fit! These pumas fit very true to size. They do not run small in the toe area like many puma flats. Definitely recommend. They do require some breaking in to be comfortable.
B00AOBELPU Cute and comfy Very lightweight and SUPER comfortable. Highly recommend. The purple is a little brighter than it looks in the photo but I still like it, and other than that they were exactly as expected in terms of style and fit.
B00AOBEVTQ Love!! I love these shoes! They're super comfy and cute! I get a ton of compliments on them. I bought the green in a size 8, and they fit true to size. Highly recommend!
B00AOBFEC4 Sooo Cute!!! Love them but they run a lil big. Other than that they are really cute... Will buy more for sure...
B00AOCE7IA WAY TOO BIG I bought an 8 because Puma usually runs a little small. Typically i wear a 7-7.5. When they arrived, very quickly, they were adorable, i loved them. However, when I put them on they were HUGE! My friend that wears a 9 tried them on and they fit so she took them off my hands. They are reasonably priced and a super cute shoe, just way too big.
B00AOD2OQ6 I Am In Love This sneaker is great.  Perfect fit and comfort from the get go.  They look super cute with either jeans or shorts.  The color is fabulous!
B00AOH0YAU Cute Summer Outfit My son is 24 months and on the bigger side (97 percentile for height and 75th for weight). The 2T fit him just fine and it looks adorable!
B00AOOK2OG Great! I bought these shoes for my partner and I are really cute! They arrived in good condition, on the date indicated and with its original box. They seem to be comfortable! I hope you like, thanks!
B00AOQ4ZI8 Okay There a little snug, but not too small. I expected them to be somewhat snug because I have wider feet. I haven't played in them yet, but they are very cute and look well made.
B00AWMVT2E Awesome Outfit This outfit was great, it's cute, the colors are vivid and it fits nice and trim like adult athletic gear.  It's a great warm weather outfit for a toddler.
B00AWZQICW Cute Tee I love this tee - it is a beautiful, bright red and the fit is very slimming and flattering.  I normally wear and small and the small fit perfectly.
B00AYBQL4Y 5 stars Outfit get 5 stars from me. Soft and comfy and the top is long enough for my 4 year old granddaughter who is on the tall side. Very cute in the green and blue colors. Love it.
B00AYBQL4Y Cute Outfit Outfit was bought for a co-worker's daughter. She said it was a really cute outfit and fit her daughter well, she loved it.
B00AYBQOGO Super cute! Definitely a great price for a 2 piece outfit.  Good quality and fits perfect.  You can't buy 2 piece outfits for this cheap, even at Target, plus it's a brand name!  Lightweight and summery!
B00B14A5EU its cute but not fitting that well The pants color is super cute with the puma down the side.  However if you like your workout pants to have a higher waist or if you have a belly or any curves (big booty) these would not be a good pant. They are for a less curvy women and they are low waisted.
B00B1E4QSQ Go up a size! These shoes run small and don't have a lot of support.  They are cute, just not very good for your feet.
B00B1E4QSQ Perfect I needed some shoes to work out in that were comfortable and not too chunky and these fit the bill. The colors are cute as well.
B00B1E4QSQ cute but not for function These are cute, but I should have gotten a size up. They're a little on the narrow side for me. They're lightweight,  but it makes them feel cheap and There is less cushioning for the feet than I thought. Still cute, so I'll keep them.
B00B1POIFG Cute, but more green in the back than I had expected. Very cute shorts, fit my 3.5 year old perfectly.  I would recommend these shorts.  They fit my son great.  Thanks!
B00B4S2QUE CUTE This is so cute one. I really enjoy wearing them.They are very light as well. :) It fits perfectly!
B00B5013PK Super cute! These Pumas are adorable! My daughter loves them! They arrived quickly in perfect condition :) I wish I would have ordered 1/2 a size up.
B00B504NFC Super Cute My daughter loves these and we get a lot of people saying how cute they are. Love that one in white and one is black. Super cute. And Amazon was amazing in working with us to get a bigger size.
B00B532Q26 Cute - a bit small. My 2.5 year old has chunky feet and these shoes, although good in length, are somewhat challenging to actually get on his foot because they are a little tight.  He seems to like them and doesn't have a problem or ever complain.  The blue and yellow colors are really cute and they move well with little toddler feet.
B00B5GGC28 Cute but not worth it Runs narrow and half size smaller than expected. I had to reorder a half size up. Amazon did not give a full refund. Be careful when ordering. Within the first week, the foundation of the shoe was deffective...not worth it but cute
B00B5HUIO0 For my 2 year old These shoes are very cute! Good size, similar to other size 6 that I've bought. Would recommend.  Teal color was as expected.
B00B5HUIO0 Very cute! Cute shoes in vibrant colors that my daughter loves. Real sueaded material that we sprayed with protectant before wear. Quality product.
B00B5HUIO0 Cute shoes Have received several compliments on how cute these shoes are. Fit was perfect with a little room to grow. Have been wearing the shoes for 3 weeks & still look brand new. Definitely a great buy!
B00B5HUIO0 super cute! Bought these for my 3 year old - he loves them! Can put them on and off by himself. He has a pretty wide foot and these fit great.
B00B5HUIO0 Great sneaks!! Awesome cute and comfortable!!!  Perfect for my toddler. I would def recommend these for your toddler age child. The Velcro is a huge plus.
B00B5HUIO0 Very stylish Very cute shoes. I love the color, stylish. I got a big size on purpose so I'm not sure on comfort.
B00B5HUIO0 love these but seem to run small my son should be in an 11.5 shoe, but these were way too small.  had to send them back and got a 12.5 which fit perfectly.  he gets so many compliments on these, so cute and I love the Velcro.  so easy for little hands to put on themselves.
B00B5KZACC Cute and comfy kid's shoe My daughter's babysitter was really impressed with how cute and durable these were. The double velcro helps the shoe stay on better than a single strap shoe. Will definitely buy more like these in the next sizes up when she outgrows them.
B00B5KZACC Very Happy Received them quick and they fit perfect! Very cute shoes. My daughter is in love with them and they match her coat lol
B00B5L0ANK cute and comfy My daughter loves her new Pumas.  She wears them with everything even dresses.  They fit her well and I really love the shade of pink they come in.
B00B5LHG82 Like the Pumas These pumas are super cute and comfortable. They are true to size, and look great. The only downside, is that the straps on the front only have Velcro on the very tips of the straps. You have to intentionally close the shoe snugly in order for the straps to reach the small piece of velcro on the shoe. My daughter is petite with tiny feet therefore it works fine for her. It would definitely be an issue for children with huskier feet.
B00B5PZGDK Love it Cute and stylish, the little one loved it. I like the style she loved the colors :) it was a combo for a perfect match
B00B5W0FHK Great buy Sooo cute my kid loves them, he can run around and still look very fashion forward, his older brother wants a pair too.
B00B5W0FHK Cute Kicks! Very cute sneakers! My daughter usually wears a 8 but I got a 9 and they fit perfectly. P.s puma sneakers run very small fast delivery.
B00B5W0FHK Great buy! These shoes are so cute! They are almost too nice that I don't want my daughter to wear them and get them dirty. They arrived right on time, also.
B00B5W0UUW Too cute! My daughter loves them!!! As soon as they arrived she put them on and didn't take them off for a while lol
B00B5W0UUW cute remember to get a larger shoe because the kids grow out of their shoes quickly.
B00B5W0UUW Cute cute It fits my 14 month old perfectly, she's in a size 5, so I got a size 5, nice fit. Good quality but one thing I would change: I wish the straps of Velcro looped through the shoe for more support.
B00B5W0UUW Cute Shoes My daughter loves these. They are easy to put on and look really cute. Built well so they should last awhile.
B00B5W1ER0 Super cute! This are super cute, they good on my daughters feet. They are a true fit. I have not seen this style in the stores.
B00B7LV8V6 Very comfortable! Read reviews to go up 1/2 size, which I did and the shoes fit perfectly and are very cute and comfortable.
B00B7LV8V6 Cute flats Great color and cute comfortable flat shoe. Really cheap price for this brand and goes very well with jeans and shorts
B00B7LV8V6 Puma always delivers Great shoe.. Just what I wanted.. Comfortable, lightweight and really really cute.  The fit/size was spot on and they feel very well made.
B00B7LV8V6 Cute flats Super comfortable and cute, want them in every color.  They don't have a thick sole so if you need lots if support these won't work for you.
B00BAXWTT6 So cute! Right on time and too cute on my little man's feet! A bit skinny, if your child has an extremely fat foot you might want to order wide.
B00BAZGA8A Cute! These PUMA Takala Glitter V Tennis Shoes are very cute. It fits as expected. It made of very flexible and soft materials. My 3 years old daughter loves her new shoes because they are comfortable and have cute pink color and sparkles! Very recommend.
B00BAZGA8A Puma Purrrfect :) Way cuter than in picture! Not that the picture is not cute ;) many complements and my daughter and I both love them!
B00BAZGA8A Too small Cute, but way too small and narrow. Bought 2 sizes bigger and didn't make a difference. My daughter came home from school with band aids on both ankles :(
B00BAZGA8A Sparkly! So cute and a perfect fit. Super shiny and girly. Great price for a puma. Look very expensive... Just like the pic
B00BAZGA8A Very cute!! Super cute, comfortable... It was actually small for my daughter but my friend ended up buying from me for her daughter and I reordered a bigger size (13 instead of 11.5). Very satisfied with the quality.
B00BBXN0RK This is a cute outfit for a great price. I ordered this outfit in a 5T for my 4 year old daughter.  It was true to size and fits perfectly.  The outfit is cute, cool and comfortable.  It is good quality and washes very well.  The colors appear just as they do in the picture shown.  My daughter had been wanting &#34;sports shorts,&#34; and loves actual pumas, so this was just what she had in mind.  Would highly recommend!
B00BBXN0RK Cute,cute,cute Got a size 4 for my daughter and it fits perfect. The outfit looked so cute on her and she was so excited to get it. Great buy!
B00BBXN0S4 Not So Cute The neck/shoulders are cut funny and they don't look quite right. I purchased a 3T. The pants are great and my daughter likes the outfit, others are just cuter.
B00BCI9O0G Cute though.. Shorts are super cute but too short for school dress code.  I kept them anyway because my daughter liked them so much but would love some shorts that are longer.
B00BCIA91E Cute & comfy Nice shorts - washes well stylishWe used for tennis & golfSoft, lightweightMy daughter likes them a lotMatches everything
B00BEIQAH4 Trendy The fit is very narrow puma tends to run a but smaller .. I love the look cute & trendy
B00BF70ARK Cute! Fits my baby well and seems to be well made with quality materials. I have washed several times and it still appears to be brand new.
B00BK2A1Y2 Very cute! Cute shirt, fits true to size and material washes up well. My daughter says it feels comfortable. I will buy more if I can find a good deal.
B00BOZAW6W Chic shoes! These shoes are super cute! They fit like a glove, and are very stylish. You could dress it up or down. They stand out and is guaranteed to turn heads.
B00BYPJPBU Real cute! Purchased this tank for my 2 year old son and he looks adorable in it!  Very happy with the material.  I'm giving this 4 stars for now coz I haven't seen how the shirt reacts to multiple washings.  But so far, so good!
B00C6BUJDY Great These sneakers are a great buy. They are comfortable, cute and they were just the right size. I love wearing them.
B00C6BUJDY cute and trendy I love these shoes!! They are super comfy and being 5'2 I like the extra lift that they provide. I have wide feet so instead of ordering up a 1/2 size I went up a whole size since I normally wear thicker socks with hight tops.
B00C6BUJDY cute wedge These are so freaking cute, very stylish.  but they are somewhat tight, and they run a little short. Very, very cute!
B00C6BUJDY Awesome shoes These shoes are cute and comfy. Love the extra laces with it and it doesn't make my feet look big.
B00C6BUJDY so cute! Exactly what I expected- really comfortable, sleek and well made, came with hot pink laces which looked a bit tacky but you can take those off. Definitely recommend!!!!!
B00C6BUJDY Cute These shoes are for the cute relaxed look. They can make any jeans and tshirt day or leggings and tshirt day cute and comfy, while still looking FAB.
B00C6BUJDY LOVE!!!! These sneakers are so cute and very comfortable. I got so many compliments on these!! I wish I was bold enough to wear the other colors because I would definitely order them!!
B00C6EVI7M Cute, comfortable These are very cute, original and comfortable. Nice slip-ons. I have the hot pink trim and the outfit goes with lots of my outfits.
B00C6EW87G Puma Anaida Metallic lace up puma But very cute, I gave then to my sister and will buy another one in a half size bigger.I would recommend.
B00C6EW87G Cute kick around shoes These are shoes for casual wear - small, thin and lacking support, but cute.  However, they run a good half size small.
B00C6EW87G Get 1/2 size larger I love these shoes! They are so cute! The sole is very thin and it feels like you are walking bare foot. I wouldn't wear them when you know you have a lot of walking to do. They are super lightweight and very breathable. I read over the reviews and noted that lots of people needed bigger sizes. I usually wear a 6.5 but got a 7 and they fit great! They felt tight around the bridge of my foot when I put them on but loosening the strings did the trick! Overall they are a very cute shoe for quick outings and are relatively comfy.
B00C6EW87G DEF order a half size up Cute shoe - too bad it didn't fit - my toes were up against the top of the shoe.  I ordered a 7.5 because the price for the 8 was almost double so will be returning them without reordering the next size up.  Found another cute pair shipped through Amazon Prime for free!
B00C6EW87G good product the size is a bit small, but they are pretty tight at the bottom. Very comfortable, lightweight, versatile and cute
B00C6FBWX6 Cute shoe... not a great fit I got these shoes not knowing that they don't open all the way at the laces... so it isn't easy to get the shoe on with socks on... but they are cute and pink... just hope they stretch a little bit for comfort.
B00C6XUJA0 Cute and fits well, but thin. I got a good deal on this outfit and it is cute.  Fits good, good quality, but it is very thin.
B00C70T3W2 Fits good and super cute This produce is very true to color, size if perfect and it is comfortable for our 1 year old. I highly recommend it. He looks like a little man in this suit.
B00C7GKRK8 Very cute! Very cute and gets lots of wear! Will buy more! Washes well and looks good with lots of different tops!
B00C7GKY06 Cute but flawed Outfit fit well and true to size but there were glue stains on the outside of the fabric by both Puma logos.  Not a big deal since I didn't pay full price but we will use this a play outfit only.
B00C7JZUUM Very cute I was happy with the quality of the colors and logo also the material. My daughter will wear it through spring. I got a size up, only so it would last with her growing! So, I do know that if I had ordered her reg size it still would have been just right. Confident it will last!
B00C7JZXAY A little smallest If you ordered this puma sweater  just take a larger size. But the color and the sweater is super cute.
B00C7JZXAY Puma Puma shirts  are so cute. I ordered the lime and black and by are both very cute and well made.
B00C7L2S0U :) very cute, i ordered one size up and it was perfect, nice material...i was very happy with this purchase :)
B00C7L3868 cute! Purchased as soccer shorts for my 4 yr old. Fit as I expected but I will need to purchase compression shorts to wear underneath.
B00C7L3868 cute and comfy The shorts done have adjustable waist so we have to keep the rolled up once which looks cute b/c that how they are made. Super cute
B00C7L3868 Cute & Well Made Cute, well made, & durable. Runs ever so slightly big in the waist. Like the PUMA saying around the inner waist band.
B00C7L3868 Very Cute; Perfect for Soccer too! This is a cutie! My daughter is 17 month old, a bit over weighted than average. Thus, I thought 2T might work for her. And I was right. A perfect fit for her, very cute. I got this for her soccer class; would work perfect. I'm buying 2 different colors for her too.
B00C7MVJEU Cute sweatshirt I bought this as a gift for my 3 year old niece.  Very cute sweatshirt, love the color and design.  I would suggest ordering a size up as this shirt runs small.
B00C7MVJEU Puma hoodie We bought this hoodie to go with the pants for my 3 y/o to wear.  She loves the outfit and it looks really cute.
B00C7MVJEU Adorable Xmas gift for my great niece, and it's adorable! Colors are bright, fitted nice and she looked so cute in it..
B00C7MVJEU Ehh , not the best but it's cute The material isn't what I expected, I thought it was cotton but I'm still very pleased with it, it's more silky than cotton
B00C7MYLHW Very cute! Very cute...true to fit...quality made product.  I am very happy with these!  My 4 year old daughter loves them as well.
B00C7MYLHW super cute I like them wish they were more softer but my daughter loves them so that all that really matters so I'm happy
B00C7MYLHW Love these! These pants are so cute on my daughter. She loves them and they fit her great. She is short and chubby so it is so hard to find pants that are big enough but not too long. These fit great and she is super comfortable in them.
B00C7MYLHW Really cute Really cute pants, daughter loves them! Great quality, color as expected. Wash great too, did not shrink or fade after long use.
B00C7OEL4I Very Cute Everyone who sees my daughter in this shirt talks about how cute the shirt is.  I lvoe the bright colors and would buy again!
B00C7OEL4I puma girls shirt cute shirt. fits right fir the size. soft material and a cute print. puma is a great brand and i am sure it will hold up pretty well.
B00C7OEL4I cute shirt I would recommed this shirt to all little girls. It fits well and is true to size. It is very cute and didn&#34;t shrink when I washed it.
B00C7OJMBU Cute top I bought this top in a size 5 for my daughter who is 4 years old. She is tall and thin for her age, and the size 5 fit her perfectly. It's a very well made top and washes and dries excellently. This will definitely last through the season and I will be able to hand it down to her little sister!!
B00C7OJMBU cute Very durable shirt. I have washed it 3 times and still fits and looks the same as new. love it
B00C7OJMBU Very Cute My daughter looks great in this and it fits wonderfu.  The material is very soft and comfortable.  I would buy this product again.
B00C7OJMBU Really cute! The fit is just as expected!  It is a little tight in the sleeves, but I think it is designed that way.  It is somewhat sparkly, which my 5 year old loves!!  Very nice quality!
B00C7OL420 very nice and cute!!! Super jacket, very stylish!  We took a size 4 years 5 years old, sat on the margin. Advise,  excellent!! Ok!
B00C92ZGLA Loved it High quality and so cute! Fit my 2 1/2 year old grandson very well! Thank you. It was a hit at Christmas.
B00C9CRQCW Aweome! Love these leggings!  I use them for working out and for just hanging around the house.  I'm rather tall, so they are a little capri-esque but they still totally work and are super cute.
B00C9CRQCW Too small, but it's motivation to work out! I've bought x-larges that were too big before, so I was confident that this would be comfortably fit. I was wrong! But it just gives me motivation to work out more, now. I have them hung up on my wall so I have to look at them every day. SUPER cute, too!
B00C9CRQCW Puma leggings Very cute spotted markings, but the material was too thin for a workout legging that I was going to use them for, so I returned them.
B00C9IYCWI Great top Really cute and fits well. The colors look good and the fit is flattering. I definitely would recommend this shirt.
B00CAJRVII Very cute They were too small. But that is the brand I believe. It runs very small. But the shoes were very cute and still looking for little kid sizes for these exact ones!
B00CAJT9OW Cute - but narrow and run small These shoes are SO cute.  I love the look and they are very light weight.  Unfortunately, they run very small.  If your child has chubby feet (and frankly even if they don't), I would not recommend these shoes.  I could have gone another size up, but they would have been too long.  I ended up returning these and going with the PUMA Cabana Racer and those were a great fit and easy to put on.
B00CAJUUVS Love them The only reason it was a little it large is because I bought a size to big but it is a great shoe. Very cute
B00CFF5XCS Cute pants These pants are really cute on my 3 y/o and she loves the color and style.  We bought them to go with a Puma pullover hoodie.
B00CFF5XCS Cute little yoga pants! Our granddaughter is on the high end of the curve.  The yoga pants are perfect for her size.  Goes great with the hoodie!
B00CFF6E44 so cute! These leggings are so cute.  I anticipate my toddler will be wearing them a lot.  I would recommend them to anyone
B00CFY20J8 see through and super small Cute shorts, but they are see-through...wear yellow or white underwear!  And they are way too small.  My daughter is 12...bought the extra large and they fit my 8 year old better...otherwise cute.
B00CIGIQPA Just what I wanted They are really cute and i like that you get a choice of laces to use. They are very light too and comfortable.
B00CMODF2C good purchase It is Very cute. It has light material and perfect for summer.  Will match her puma sweat pants very well.
B00CMODOMI Cute hoodie for our granddaughter. New I'd have to buy a bit larger for our plump little girl.  This fit perfectly. Goes great with the yoga pants.
B00CMOE9WC perfect looks so cute on my 2 1/2 year old daughter especially with her PUMA sneakers! i would recommend this top.!
B00CMOEJOA Cute Cute sweatshirt for my four yr old daughter. I like the color and it fits perfect. 4 stars were given rather than 5 because the zipper doesn't always seem like its going to go smoothly.
B00CMOF10G cute They look oh so cute on my soon to be two year old. Bought them for her new gymnastics class.Just wish for different colors.
B00CN5B73O Love it! It is darling! And well worth the price! My granddaughter looks so cute in it!! My granddaughter wears a 5 and the 5 fit perfect!
B00CN5B73O Great! So cute and as I had expected! It got there on time and with no issues. The color was bright and colorful!
B00CN5B73O Cute & comfy!! Fit perfect. Daughter is tall & thin and have a hard time with these style outfits fitting well and this is adorable on her!
B00CN5B8BA GREAT PRICE My daughter and I love this outfit fit great. It looks so cute on my daughter. Very good quality it did not shrink when I washed it.
B00CN5B8BA LOVE THIS My 2 year-old daughter gets compliments every time she wears this outfit. It is super light and cute. I am going to buy more.
B00CN5B8BA Cute! My daughter is obsessed with light jackets.  She keeps them on all day in school which is great for most winter days in California.  Cute jacket , nice colors. I also bought the black/pink one :)
B00CN5B8BA very cute Good quality and style.  Size 3T fit my 2.5 year old niece perfectly.  She looks sporty and cozy and I'm very happy with the purchase.
B00CN5B8BA Looks so cute on our daughter! It fits just like other 3t clothes but I would buy a size bigger if your child is taller or heavier then the average three year old. I can see that this outfit will only last through the winter months because it is so fitted but we are happy with it.
B00CN5B8BA Cute Tracksuit It was so brightly colored and perfectly sized !  Very happy with it and the price was just perfect too!
B00CN5BG9Y 5 yr old outfit this is the perfect outfit for a 5yr old girl. The material is easy to wash and hang drys very quickly. The outift is a cute perfect grab out of the closet on the run everyday attire.
B00CN5BG9Y Cute sports complex for girls Excellent product too flirty for girls. I highly excellent quality. Buy a size 6 for a 5 year old girl and although long Was a little big I think it's great because you can enjoy more whole.
B00CN5BG9Y Super Cute This was delivered on time and looks like the picture (maybe better!). We are Vikings fans and our daughter will definitely love the outfit. It will go great with her purple and yellow nail polish! Great price too ($14).
B00CN5BRSE Wear them twice a week! My girls each have one of these, and they wear them all the time! They are comfy and cute. I wish we'd bought more than one set each!
B00CN5BRSE Great quality! Great Quality! It looks soooo cute on my daughter. I am very happy with my purchase. Size seems to be correct.
B00CN5BRSE Looks well made and is cute! What can i say, it really looks well made and my kid likes it a lot.If you want your little one to sport a cute active look, go for it!
B00CN5BRSE Awesome outfit!! This a very cute and high quality outfit!  My daughter is 3 and she fits perfectly in the size 4.
B00CN5BWTI PRETTY IN PUMA My granddaughter Zoe , a fashion plate , just loves this outfit , it's cute and  comfortable  and it fits just right ,
B00CN5BWTI Cute but faded Faded more quickly than I would have preferred but is durable and cute.  My daughter lives the pattern and fit.
B00CN5C0RQ amazing! I would recommend this product to a friend my daughter loves it as do I.  Puma outfits are very cute!
B00CN5C0RQ Cute and Comfy So cute, comfy, and different! It's pretty true to size. The hoodie shrunk a bit so its a tad tight with a shirt underneath but overall right on.
B00CN5C0RQ love it I was very happy with this. Its achirstmas gift for my 3 year. But i might have to return it for the next size bigger tho. So that she can ware it next year yet cause its so darn cute.i will orderfrom this seller again
B00CN5CI9G Cute set! I purchase this outfit for my 4 1/2 year old daughter and fit her perfect!! Good material, not too thin. Love the colors and the glitter in the jacket :)
B00CQG7B94 Not what I expected The material is a lot thinner than I expected.  I ordered a 3T but it fits more like a 2T.  Overall, it's still pretty cute though.
B00CQG7B94 disappointing The outfit was cute but was approx. 2 sizes smaller than marked. This was way disappointing since price was not cheap!
B00CWL2EWC Super Cute Looks better than I expected and is also higher than my other wedge sneakers but I can't wait to rock them.
B00D9OZQDK Really cute. What I did was order one size up for my daughter. I DO know her reg size would have been just right also. The reason I went one size up is because tees like these still look cute, cannot really tell from a bit larger...So Moms, you guessed it, it will last till summer through her sprouting! The material is not thin, normal t-shirt material, and these designs with the long sleeve are so cute for boys and girls tees. Bright color looks great also
B00DDE5LZ4 Pants run a bit long This is a cute outfit. Pants were a bit big but he will grow into them, fits cute and looks just like photo ,
B00DGOWDRA Super Cute! Our daughter gets compliments every time she wears it. Good quality for baby clothes and great colors. Arrived very quickly. Washes well.
B00DGOYGWA It's okay for the price. I ordered a 24 month size as a gift for me niece who is 13 months old. I was expecting it to fit her in the spring, but my sister tried it on her, and it fits now. Besides for the sizing, the outfit is super cute and my niece loves it.
B00DGOYGWA cute but runs small My neice is about 7 months old and wears a 6-9 month clothes but this 12 month outfit fits her perfect. But it is super cute and seems very durable.
B00DGQR2TM loved it! Easy and good service! gave as a Christmas gift and the family loved it! Cute outfit and comfortable for kids!
B00DHJQ39S really cute I didn't buy these as golf shoes I just bought them because I liked them. Very comfortable and i love the white and pink.
B00DHJQNYS Love these shoes! True to size, these shoes fit perfect, they are so cute! I can not wait to try them out o the course!
B00DKMWOW2 supee cute Great quality I bought the pants that match and they are same color I don't think they would fit a chunkier kid but for all the people who have skinner kids this is awesome
B00DQKDVDY Very cute and nice quality size of the top to the pants varied. Sleeves of top were kind of small in circumference but length was good, where as the pants were a little too long.
B00DRUBDI8 Puma Tank It matches the PUMA Wedges I bought! Cute outfit...I would definitely buy another in a different color. Glad my review matters!
B00DS5M40I These Puma shirts are so cute My daughter enjoys this shirt. The material quality is as it should be. The style with these long sleeves looks great. Also bright colors fun.
B00DU0P368 Super cute shoes! These shoes are really fun for little girls. I bought these for my 6 year old and I like the look of them a lot. Unlike other shoes that have had a problem with the glitter falling off or getting scuffed, the shine is part of the material and they seem to be holding up very well. The picture does not do them justice as the sparkle is more of a rainbow hue, if that makes sense.
B00DU0P368 Great! These are so cute! My daughter loves how much glitter they have and they fit her very well. They are nice and narrow just like we like with pumas.
B00DU0P368 Happy Mom These shoes are So Cute - Our daughter loves how they sparkle in the sunshine.  They fit perfect as well.
B00DU0P368 Sparkly!! Awesome little girl shoes! They are so cute and sparkly, my daughter cries when we take them off! $10 cheaper than our local shoe store.
B00DUF6DWG pretty in pink these are so cute on my 7 yr old's feet.  she's extremely pick about shoes so when she gave these the go i did too.  hopefully the suede doesn't  damage or get dirty too easily.  once school starts i will see how durable they are.
B00DUGLG1I Cute but small I Had to send them back twice for being too small. Waiting on my 3rd pair. Hopefully they will fit!
B00DUL6J7Y Stylish! My son looks sharp in these shoes. We have received several complements on them. I plan to purchase the next size up too. Very cute!
B00DUL8BQQ Puma We love Puma's!  These are extremely cute and my daughter loves them too!  They fit great and look great on!
B00DUL8BQQ puma girl I bought these for my 2year old niece to go with her puma outfit so cute they last a while true to size easy to put on and off
B00DUL8DJ6 Puma Drift Cat 5 Shoes fit perfect for my daughter. She loves them there very cute and fashionable will look good with many types of styles. very happy I purchased these shoes!!! Fast and easy transaction recommended seller...
B00DULV8Y8 Nice Cute sneaker, my daughter loves the pink!  Might need a wider size for toddlers with wider feet. GOOD BUY .
B00DULV8Y8 nice They are cute but seem a tad bit small..also easy to mess up. But they have vibrant lovely colors and are stylish..theyvare also light so they dont weigh too heavy on my lil girls feet.she loves them I love them my opinion is to purchase
B00DULV8Y8 Perfect purchase! Bought these for my daughter and son, of course in a different color! Cute and they both say they are very comfortable. I think they are great because I don't have to fuss about shoe strings not being tied!!
B00DULXWII Super Cute These look super cute on my little guy!  They are super easy to clean and match just about everything!  The fit was as expected and easy to get on his chubby little feet.
B00DULYICC cute! Love these shoes for my 4.5 year old. Easy to put on and take off, plus he likes the look of them.
B00DUTAVWU Adorable I love puma kids track suits.  This one looks so cute in person that I had to purchase more.  It runs slightly small.
B00DUU53KO Adorable I love this outfit for my grandon.  the hoodie is adorable and so cute on. Perfect for a Weay Coast Winter.  Thanks
B00DY6160A Great shoe! I have been looking for a while for a cute, comfortable slip-on. And PUMA has the best selection after one or two returns I found it! So cute and fits like a dream! I wear btwn a 9-10 so I ordered a 9.5 and its perfect.
B00DY6160A Cute A little wide, but really cute shoe. Neede a footie to wear all day at Disney World. Definitely would buy again.
B00DY6160A Cute and comfortable! Totally obsessed with these shoes.  It is my favorite purchase of the spring! I walk a ton and these are fashionable and so comfortable.  At the end of the day my feet never hurt.  I plan to buy more.
B00DY6160A So cute! And comfy! Cute, comfy shoes -- I was afraid they might be too narrow (I have a wide-ish foot), but they fit perfectly.  And they are super cute, AND super comfy!  What's not to like?
B00DY6160A Cute slip on! Shoes fits like a normal 8.5 but the sides seem a little wide? I love the shoes and they are super cute on!
B00DY6160A Super cute and convenient These are great to throw on to run a quick errand. I wouldn't wear them to the mall or site seeing -- they don't have that much support. It's a minimalist shoe. It runs true to size. If you're a sock wearing, I'd suggest going up a 1/2 size.
B00DY6160A Cute and Stylish These are so cute, fit perfectly and are so great for warm weather casual wearing. Will take them to Europe.
B00DY61M0E Love this shoe! I have these shoes in every color. Comfortable, cute... can wear everywhere.  Easy to buy as the fit for the size is right on!
B00DY74P70 Cute and pretty comfy A cute and fairly comfortable shoe. The bottom of the shoe can get slippery for some reason on certain floors.
B00DY789HM Sporty & super cute! Very comfortable, true to size. A lil snug at first but loosens to a perfect fit in minutes. I'm in love with this shoe...
B00DY7Q7YY LOVE THEM I usually wear a size 6 in most brands but Puma does run small so I got the 6 1/2 fits perfectly. These shoes are very lightweight and comfy and super cute. Love them.
B00E6O30SU worth it super cute...but runs kinda small i would purchase again. my daughter wheres 12 mth and i ordered a 18mth so ide suggest ordering two sizes up for longer wearability
B00EDOR4L2 Super cute! I'm not a runner.  I do Interval Training.  These shoes fit well and are pretty comfortable.  They could use a bit more padding/support around the ball of the foot.  They do have good shock absorption at the heel.  The colors are super cute.  Over-all - love them!
B00EDOR4L2 Tight fit and heel slides. It is a cute shoe. I wear size six and usually six is a bit roomy but these shoes are a bit tight. But I bought them at a deep discount so....
B00EDOR4L2 Three Stars Really cute but not good for working out or being on your feet much. No real arch support.
B00EDOR4L2 Not comfortable I like the pumas I have right now, so I though these would fit somewhat like those. Wrong! There really isn't much support and I didn't think they were very comfortable. Returned them. The colors look just like the photo, and they're cute.
B00EDOR4L2 Colorful workout This is a great stable shoe and it is so cute too. Happy looking feet make for a happy runner.
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars Cute shoes but a tad small. I sent them back... but they're really cute if they fit!
B00EE6W3C4 Would be great if it wasn't too small Order 2 sizes larger than usual.  It is a great tee but ran really small.  Soft, comfortable material and super cute.
B00EE6W9G4 Comfy and cute These are very comfortable and cute at the same time.  We would most definitely recommend!  Good quality and nice material.
B00F4IXYXS Great Quality - Very Cute! This Puma Italy outfit is so adorable and made with great quality. I am unsure of the fit as this was purchased for a newborn who should be able to wear it this summer. It looks pretty big but we shall see. Either way the gift was adorable and the parents loved it!
B00F5YP2O0 Great quality,but improper fit! These pants are very well made, and super cute, but way too small in the waist.  They would be perfect for a little guy with really long legs and a tiny waist.  I was disspointed in them for my son, but they are still good pants.  I would recommend ordering them in a size or two larger if you have a bigger little guy.
B00FAM8GY0 Super cute! Love this capri - great color and fit - no muffin top - may have to get other colors, for sure!
B00FRKA29M Cute shirt I bought this to match the shorts.  They fit great and washed up very well keeping their color.  Plus he likes them.
B00FRL3ZUE Very cute little shorts These washed up well and fit great.  I got the matching shirt and my grandson looks great in the outfit.
B00FRL46GG Cute Shorts The shorts are of thin material - not like the Russel brand shorts. They fit true to size and as pictured there is no drawstring. I would order them again
B00FRRLHM6 CUTE! I ordered a size 6 for my 5 year old. She is 60th percentile for height and weight and this is just a little big on her, which is what I wanted so she could wear it all summer and fall for her tennis lessons. Looks adorable on her. I purchased a pair of gymnastics shorts for her to wear under the dress as well. Hope to buy more colors.
B00FRSUQPE Great dress My daughter loved it and it looks so cute on her. The material is great and does not shrink after washing.
B00FSE9ETQ Darling but SMALL! I ordered a large for my daughter who generally wears a size 10 top....it's tiny! Very cute, bright design but it won't work. Before I attempt a return, I'm going to let my 8 yr old, beanpole niece try it on and see if it fits her.
B00FSG0V9G Cute but runs SMALL Super cute with the matching pants but we found the tops run quite small. Get at least one size larger. Im finding the sizing issue seems true of PUMA in general...
B00FSKM140 Great buy My neice loved it and she looks so cute in it and  she wears it to gymnastic class perfect size
B00FSOSLMM Cute! Really cute little outfit with bright colors and a nice zipper in front. Also appears to be very well made. This was a great price!
B00FSOSLMM Cuteness I only got to see this in pictures on my granddaughter but it is super cute and well made.  She is only 16 months but it fits her and will for quite sometime if she doesn't have a monster growth spurt.
B00FSREWJA Nice material This is a very cute outfit. It is made of good material, did not shrink when washed.  The colors are bright and does not fade. I think any little girl would love this outfit. I am very pleased with it. Recommend it highly.
B00FSRPDSE Fun sport outfit We bought size 4t for our 3 1/2 year old and it fits perfect! She's 90% height and close to that weight... Great quality and cute colors. Seems to wash well and it's purple so my daughter likes it!  I would buy it again.
B00FSSGLTS EXCELLENT My daughter looks so cute and she loves it. I think I'd buy some more in the near future. thks
B00FVYSEDA So so cute!! So so cute. This did not occur if washing machine lint.My son is 22 months and the keys are a little small, so, saw some great clothes. It can cause so iteulgeot like this fall.
B00FVZGXBY SO ADORABLE. I bought this set for my boyfriend's nephew as a gift and it is so cute! It fits just as expected for a 2 year old and it really depends on how big the baby is. This item came in as expected due date and was packaged perfect. I will be ordering again.
B00FXXTAA0 Cute shorts! Love these shorts on my daughter!  I believe I got size 5 for my large (90% growth chart) 3 year old. She's quite tall, and they fit now and probably next year too!
B00FXXU1YY Surprised! My little one was thrilled to receive this cute skirt for dance. Perfect fit and matches a top we purchased.
B00GIP7H02 Super cute shirt! Cute shirt to go with the rainbow shorts. This is one of our favorite outfits.  Washes and fits well!  Would recommend!
B00GIS5HU6 Cute This outfit is cute. Its nice and breathable for the summer months ahead. My daughter liked the shorts. The material is very light weight.
B00GIS8KZA Very cute! Great material, cute outfit, great price.
B00GOMDIMU Love Awesome socks, super cute and comfy, true to size, awesome colors. Can match with any cute workout outfit... &#60;3 &#60;3
B00GOMDKBO Cute and comfortable These socks fit very well and are a very comfortable. They also happen to be extremely cute looking on my feet.
B00GOMDKBO Cute but not worth the price I keep my toes nails short and manicure and after one washing I already have a hole.  I would pass on these cuties.
B00HK7DUNA LOVE IT! Super cute and fits great!!!  Love it!!!  My daughter is in 9 month clothes - I have trouble with most 9 month pants being too short for her - these were perfect length and has room to grow into them!
B00IJVQBEG so cute.... This outfit was for my friends little girl....it looks so very adorable on her....now we just have to get the shoes to match...
B00IOGCRXK cute outfits so cute paired with the puma socks this is an easy everyday outfit for my little guy !! soft and washed well !!
