B00007282M These Pumas are wonderful! The Puma Men's Roma Shoe is simple but classy, yet good for everyday use.  A great selection of colors assures that you'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe.  Not only do these shoes look good, but they feel good also.  I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile!
B000074ZOO Good Product for Softball Players Good fit and great for softball if you don't like wearing full cleats.  Very light and comfortable, except for the staple that protruded on the inside.  Easily removed though, but a design flaw none the less.
B0007TBAI0 Fit is ok Seemed to have very little stretch or breathability, but they do serve their purpose.  Like the colors.  Good for the price.
B0009QGPPO Good Fast shipping, brand new, good quality, meet my expectations, I hope I will use a lot, excellent investment, I love my puma shoes
B000EDN898 Not so good of a product The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon.  I do not paying for something that does not look like the image.  As well as the condition of the shoes.  One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe.  Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page.
B000FPLEOG Good product at a good price. It is really worth the price. Take in consideration that these are casual sneakers, not an everyday shoe. Nice!!!!, would buy again.
B000FPLEOG Good deal These are very confortable, good looking and light, I wish the band was adjustable, but overall it is a very good buy, perfect for warm weather, stylish enough to wear to the bar.
B000HDF95Q No good quality~ Very bad quality .Watchband is broken and the pin is bad.I don't want to recommend this items.Very poor items.The price is higher against quality.
B000II35TW Awesome shoes Very comfortable and stylish.  They look good with jeans and are good to party in.
B000K6T5NM Great stuff I love this shirt. Puma brand is the best. The materials and colors are just like i want it. It looks pretty good with jeans or shorts.
B000M2IH2Y Nice product I recommend it,  really worth its price,  comfortable , good quality, and looks really good.
B000MIQOZU Pretty good for the price Good price for pretty sturdy shoes. I like the tread a lot because it's great for outdoor activity--I use them to walk and hike. The red started to peel off in places not too long after I got them, though.
B000MIQQOY Good Shoe I use metal cleats as my yard shoes.  Good traction and ariate(sp?) the yard.  The shoes are standard length, but are not very wide, so I needed 1/2 size larger than I normally wear.
B000MMEYIK Black Puma sleeveless Hubby loved this! Wouldn't take it off. Very comfortable & good fabric. Good buy. Haven't dried in dryer but hoping it doesn't shrink if I do.
B000NCZNR0 Good value for your money The item arrived in a timely manner in good condition.  It's true these things are half size small.  The color is white, which is kinda gay, but hey, I couldn't care less.  I just want something affordable with above average performance.
B000PW7W7W Good buy this buy was a gift, great response, fit as expected, i personally find it some how simple, but the owner love it...fast shipping,
B000R4XHRC Perfect Fit Very good product. Fit true to size. If you like Puma sneakers this is the one to get. Excellent packaging and delivery. Highly recommended. Thanks
B000R4XHRC Retro Class and Quality I just hope that sneakers nowadays were less high tech and more low profiled, retro, class, and quality as these sneakers. Very subdued in appearance. Very good foot and arch support in addition. Good buy and great deal.
B000R4XHRC good buy TTrue to size looks just like photo alive green but not to bright true to size!!! Even better price would love to buy again!!!
B000R4XHRC Good purchase... Classic shoes, no too fancy but good enough for me, I think it was a good purchase, so far so good....
B000R4XHRC good looking shoe A little tight around top of foot, but looks good on feet,should loosing up when i break them in nice leather as well.
B000TTNDKG amazing product. i got my Puma Men's Zip Hoody olive couler today onlly in a very good condition. iam wearing it right now, really it is amazing product.
B000WS1V4Y Excellent purchase Four years in and this thing is still going strong...  This was an excellent purchase.  It's light weight and looks good.
B000WS1V6M puma cardiac - really good  buy Big watch. Very functional. Excelent disign. Feels great on the wrist. Very good buy.Love it.
B000WS1VA8 Very Good I'm sorry I was pretty busy some times I left nissan until 10 pmery good
B0013THNAW Fits true to size, and washes and dries well I bought this shirt in black, for our son who wears a men's medium.  It fit him well, and the decal looks good too.  I just washed and dried it for the first time today and didn't notice any shrinkage or fading.It's a good deal for $15 and free SuperSaver shipping, and we plan to buy some of the other colors for him.
B0013THNAW Its sooooo big i don't like it seriously ! ..i don't recommnded this t-shirt guys ,, go away from this item ,, there is no any good quality and size good .
B0013THNAW poor quality The quality and print was poor.tshirt was actually not dyed good and print not a good qualitywillnot be buying this product again
B0013TL3KI Great Value Good tee shirt and a good value. I would buy this again. The cotton is a little thin but I think that will work to my advantage in the summer months.
B0013ZUDRG Good design, and good functionality. but you may graw out of it! My wife liked the unique and used it for a couple of weeks, then she felt ready to go back to streamline color watches. Keep in mind, the stones around the face, are almost negligible on the actual watch.
B0014DWEEC Jacket It was my mistake to choose the incorrect size but  the quality of the jacket  is very good for any kind of trainning
B0014DWEEC Chompa de buzo PUMA I really like the PUMA brand, excellent quality and very comfortable, I recommend 100%, the delivery time is quick, others have a very good variety.
B001AHE1J8 decent fit, not as good quality as expected Shoes look and feel good in your hands. Fit abit tight or ackward, did not hold up as expected for the price.
B001B516CE Very Good A very good product meets all expectations when looking at the product in the store and am very satisfied generated
B001B516CE Hard to find in Coffee/Java I have owned many pairs of Puma's and they are a consistently good shoe. They are lightweight, protective and they look good. I usually have had to settle for them in black, but luckily they had them in my desired color and several others here on Amazon. The shoes fit like any other Puma, and they arrived right at my door. Very satisfied.
B001B52YSO Fairly good shoes I wear a size 14, so I'm always happy when I can find a shoe in my size that looks good. These shoes look good and fit well, but the material is a bit thin, so I wouldn't recommend wearing them in the winter/cold/wet weather. Also, the way they're designed makes the toe bend when driving, which makes it hard to determine how far the pedal is pushed in. It's a good shoe for walking around doing everyday stuff.
B001B8G21Q Is a very good product, but is thin and you can not add much, but overall is very nice and comfortable Is a very good product, but is thin and you can not add much, but overall is very nice and comfortable
B001CHCQBQ Excellent product Good looking and comfortable shoes.  Order 1 size larger than normal dress shoes.  Not suitable for extensive walking.
B001CHCTMC Incredibly good Not only a good looking stylinsh shoe, it also last for ever.I bought it for my wife about 2 years ago and there isn't evena thread out of place.And very confortable too.
B001CHER90 very good GOOD IS THE TRUTH IS A VERY GOOD PRODUCT IS EXACTLY AS EXPECTED VERY COMFORTABLE AND WELL GREAT THANKS MUCH RECOMMEND....
B001CHER90 good purchase these shoes are great, they are really comfortable and they fit excellent. also i really like the design, simple and not too flashy.
B001CHG1YY Beautiful I've bought to my son and i find it more beautiful than spected. This is a good shoe. Good brand and feel.
B001CHG1YY Great for most Need a bit wider up front - material might give with use. Otherwise, comfortable and good looking sneakers. Would recommend.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoe I sized up to a 10 (normally wear 9 or 9.5) and they fit good. Plenty of room in the toes and they don't slide in the back or anything. The suede looks good, and I would definitely buy another pair in the future.
B001CHG1YY not as good as it looks on ad. Won't buy again made in CHN not Vitanam.pic on ad looks better. Price Reduced after I get the parcel! not as good as it looks on ad. Won't buy again
B001CHG1YY luv em!!!!!! great service quick delivery,good fit,luv themreally good and great price recomend to everybody ready to go get all the other colors available
B001CHG1YY Good value Took a day to break in, fit correctly. Just as good as my Adidas Ciero and about the same color minus the Achilles rub and subsequent blister. We'll see if they hold up as long, though.
B001CHG1YY another great buy i bought this for my brother and he absolutely love it.  It is comfortable and good value for money.  Good use of my hard earned money
B001CHG1YY Good Find They fit my boyfriend good and he really liked them. Good buy at a very good price!I would purchase again.
B001CHG1YY great Keds are very soft,fits true to size.I took dark gray and the colour is perfect,just like on the pic.Leather and quality are good.
B001CHG1YY Good product Your get what you order. I order the size tham came so it fits propetly and i have no prolems, really want the re and i cant find them in stores
B001CHG1YY Everything is good, but they are not clean enough and there ... I just received it. Everything is good, but  they are not clean enough and there is something white on one of them.
B001CHG1YY number 1 best price, good quality, over all very happy.
B001CHG1YY Comfortable & Good Value Fit as expected. It is a comfortable every day shoe for a really low price. Not much else to say.
B001CHG1YY Great look and fee Love the new shoes, I needed some red shoes for an event and these turned out perfectly.  Good size and fits as expected.  A good color red that stands out but doesn't seem too overwelming.
B001CHG1YY Very Nice Good shoes so far they've been working well. They have won me a couple of good compliments which are always well received haha
B001CHG1YY shoe rocks They were accepted by the person they were intended for, so I was a good buy and my son is happy.
B001CHG1YY I love them. Good fit and comfortable. I have three pair. Good fit and comfortable! Colors are awesome. I have three pairs of these shoes in different colors. I would recommend these to my friends.
B001CHG1YY Good shoes Nice fit and a good look. Just the kinda shoe I was looking for and exactly what I would have expected from Puma.
B001CHG1YY Cool!!! They make me look cooler than I was. Fit good, Smell good, look good, taste good, feel good, all good.
B001CHG1YY very good this shoes is very good ,and I like it so much .I think if I have chance ,I will buy it again.
B001CHG1YY it is good Unexpectedly can't use Chinese, harm my game of shuttlecocks so many words, in general is very good, very comfortable, I like very much, although from the United States to China middle more troublesome, but it's worth it
B001CHG1YY nothing too good they hurt my feet and wearing out pretty damn fast.  .. . . . . . . . . .
B001D1DV6A GOOD BUY THE PRODUCT IS OF HIGH QUALITY BY CODE THAT IS GOOD BUY, ARRIVED IN YOUR CASH WITHOUT scratches, TOTALLY NEW, IF THAT IS THE OFFERING IN THE PAGE, very versatile, I LIKE TO END IS ORIGINAL.
B001D1J7JK Good one This watch is really nice, it seems to be strong, it's big and looks good. I had to change the battery and now I don't know how to close it, I cannot use one of those machines people use to close them because of the curved glass .. I have to figure it out ..It has just two hands, not three as specified
B001E1EJ1U White sneakers Great for hip hop dancing for my daughter who is 13.light in weight but good and sturdy. good all round shoe
B001E1EJ1U Good memories Very nice shoe takes me back 2 when I was in high school 19yr. ago good memories great times @ Aggie high
B001E1EJ1U Light! Good for summer! Not heavy. Fashionable. Good for Summer.I usually wear NIKE US BIG KIDS 3.5 size. Therefore, I ordered US BIG KIDS 3.5 too. However, it is too small for me. I just sell it to my friend. However, it is really fancy. It is good for Summer. Materials are not thick so it will be cold for winter. Very light and comfortable!
B001E1EJ1U Looking good These sneakers are very comfortable for my daughter. She enjoys wearing them, running and jumping. They fit as expected. Good purchase with a reasonable price. However, they are not made of leather, just a tiny part.
B001EIJJN6 MADE IN EL SALVADOR!! SO GOOD!! IT FITS PERFECT, THE COLOR IS GREAT, GOOD QUALITY,  IT IS SMOOTH ,AND BETTER OF ALL IS MADE IN EL SALVADOR,
B001H0EUOE Uncomfortable If you like to look good in despite of being in pain,this is the kind of shoe for you. Not good for walking too much. I had them on to go on a flight,when I got to my destination the back of my feet had blisters.
B001H0F97G Puma good product, easy find This product was just what I wanted -- Velcro straps.  Shoes with Velcro straps have gotten hard to find.  But not hard on Amazon.
B001M4G0ES Very good experience The product was exactly as expected, it was delivered really fast, and in very good condition.
B001OOMNDI Stylish but not comfortable These shoes look good, but I find they don't have good support and don't breathe well. My feet get very hot while wearing them. Not great for lots of walking or wearing all day.
B001OOMXTW Cool shoes I love these as they're comfortable, affordable and fashionable.  The shoelaces are also high quality and have good padding for the soles.  Nuff said.
B001OOMXTW Good shoe wear them all the time they look good. but flat bottom shoes like these are not to be worn all day because they hurt your feet. good buy.
B001OON2A6 Good!! I opened my box. The first thing i noticed on the outside of the box was it said 79.99$ so im thinking i got a good Deal because i paid i beleive 24$ or somethign like that! Im enjoying them sooo far!
B001OONDM8 Very good quality product Very good quality product, the seller is very attentive and responsible. I recommend it 100%.
B001QDEV1E Feels great, very durable, but just a bit long. These pants are great for the gym. They feel good and look good. The only problem is that they come a bit long (therefore the 4 stars), but it's no problem if you just plan to lift weights or lounge around.
B001QDEV1E Good Quality These track pants are made with the highest quality and are the most comfortable that I've had. My only complaint is that they seem like they are a size bigger than they are labled. I wear Large in every other brand , but when I received my Puma's in large they seemed to fit more like they're XL and were a bit too big.
B001QXC7ZQ Good Fit, good look Put simply ... it's what you wanted! A comfortable pants that's good for running or workouts but you can also wear casually as you go about your daily activities. Pockets on the side with zips to secure ... personally i wouldn't mind a back pocket or a bottom leg pocket as well but hey, that's me! Got the white netted-mesh thing on the inside which I dislike but otherwise ... good stuff.
B001VH6VWC Good, but not waterproof I probably should have realized, due to the price that these shoes aren't waterproof, in the summer and spring they are fine to wear, but during winter I only wear them indoors, they are good shoes, as advertised, again the only negative is that they aren't waterproof and get dirty quickly.
B001VH7004 Very Good !!! Very good!The jogging mainly buy and use permanently, are durable, comfortable, cool, have not suffered any wear in particular.Relationship with the product excellent priceI recommend them 100%
B001VH71XK Stellar Performer - and sharp! I've owned these shoes for almost a year now and I'm impressed. Truth be told, when I purchased them on-line I mistakenly thought they were white - they're silver. But they look sharp. More importantly, they wear very well and fit my feet nicely. My usual routine is 4-6 miles 2x/week of power walking with an aerobic (elliptical, weights) workout in between. They must have 400 miles on them already and look/feel as good as new. There's no tongue, it's an integrated one piece set-up, but literally goes on like a slipper. Good cushioning and good rebound during my 14 minute miles...I highly recommend them.
B001VH7JZU Good but small I bought it to my sister but I made a mistake, I didn't choose the correct size. So, she didn't use and I'm not sure how good it is. I just can say that it looks a good product, I wish I can choose correct in the future
B001VH87KQ Excellent shoes Excellent shoes, full soft, I'm totally satisfied, recommend, and good service from Amazon, I got so commissioned.
B001VKXO10 Excelent Sneakers!! This model is really fashioned, good combinations of colors, good material and of course reasonable price!!!.
B001VKXX20 Good Look, but not so good Performance The shoes is a good looking shoes as expected. But the performance is not as good. Plus water gets into the shoes if you are walking into the wet area.
B0023NU6T2 Nice shoes for my boy I purchased this shoes for my 8-year old boy.I had purchased shoes of the same brand for him a couple of times in the past.The brand has proven to be consistent in delivering a good quality product.My child has always enjoyed his Puma shoes, mainly because of the looks and style.The quality of the finish and looks of the shoes are good.The materials and construction seem pretty solid.I consider I got a fair value for the money.
B0023NVB64 Very good product, it takes me a long time Very good product, it takes me a long time. I recommend this product one hundred percent ... Many thanks for sale ...
B00260HL54 Good price.. regualar quality Really i bought very cheap. but I think puma had best quality in this product as other products
B0029NYACA very good product I bought this for my niece and she loved it... good and complete product, good quality for a very good price
B0029NYAES Good Product I bought this for my sister and she loved it... good and complete product, good quality for a very good price
B0029NYAHK love puma It's just awesome!Good design and great quality,enough space for 15.6" laptop and other stuff. Also durable.Big fan of Puma's bags!
B0029NYAKM If wasn't that big... If wasn't that big, would be much easier to use it everyday, but that's ok it is good for short trips...
B0029NYZ8E fantastic this bag is quality, especially when getting it at such a good price like i did during one of amazon's sales. I bought it for a christmas gift, and when it arrived i was so tempted to keep it for myself! :)
B002ECFRGO What I expected The shoes were fine, didn't last quite as long as I would have liked.A Good value for the price.
B002ECFSEK I love it GOOD PRODUCT
B002EENEDK Misrepresentation The shoes were not leather as stated.  I really was disappointed.  They looked cheap.  I thought Puma had good products.  Not true
B002EENI40 Great The quality is  very good the color , the size also I recommend this product I love it.Very comfort
B002EENI40 Good deal Everything was perfect.  Got here on time and new and fit great. No problems at all at any time ok
B002EENI40 Good value I usually buy these shoes for about $60+ so finding it at this price during the sale was great. Fits good and materials are good quality as well. Thanks!
B002EENI40 very good shoe and excellent product This shoe fits perfectly and is in good quality. I like the fact that it is slip on and is easy to wear and remove. Get one and you wont regret it.
B002EENI40 What a nice pair of shoes! Excellent pair of shoes, very good quality and looks great. Puma increasingly improving their designs. highly recommended, good price and excellent quality
B002EENI40 Love these!! As Advertised.  Fast Shipping from amazon to Switzerland!! Good fit and high quality from Puma.  I had already had these from a year ago and needed some new ones.
B002EL38VG Excellent shoe. These are very good and comfortable shoes I bought for my son and he liked them enough, they are also very durable. I recommend this product.
B002EL3KQE Excellent product Excellent product, it is original baby shoesAnd also good price.Like this.I suggest you. You can buy this with out problem.
B002EL3KQE Good Shoe Like the Puma brand. Nice with jeans or dress up. Good colors.  I bought these shoes for my 3yr. old twin Grandsons. They have wore them every day
B002EL3KQE kids sneakers Very good product, looks and feels comfortable and durable, my kids love them, especially the lighting up of the puma. products arrived as advertised
B002EL3KQE Good sneakers Very Nice sneakers and good price  just a little be small so I think it's better get a one number up !
B002EL3KQE kl Becouse the shoes is very good and was a good price.The shoes are like the photo and was very fast.
B002EL3KQE excellent product I excellent product I recommend
B002EL3KQE Good condition but it too large for my baby too large, and it's not my fault,  the sizing info on the page can not be used as a reference for this product.
B002EL3KQE Good Purchase I like the shoes, they are comfortable and look good. The only complaint is that they are difficult to get his feet into coz of the small opening.
B002EL3KQE good product it is very good looking, i bought it for my elder son, however i don't like the illuminescent feature...looks like it's for toddler than a big boy
B002EL3KQE Excellent choice It is a Great product, arrived earlier than we expected, it's a good choice for my toddler kid and it was at good Price
B002EL3KQE Toddler shoes Good toddler shoe that is fun for kids since they light up. Good quality for cost. They wear nicely for a rough toddler boy.
B002EL3KQE Good light weight Good light weight shoes. Fit one size smaller than other brands like Nike / polo. So I bought size 2 for my son instead of 1. The jaguar lights up on the sides.
B002EL3KQE As good as always! My kid had been using Puma since he was 2 years old and now that he is 6 he still love them. For me the most important thing ishow comfortable they are and how long they last, actually almost all of his shoes we pass them to his cousins and they are as good as new. This Speeder has been awesome as he said when he tried them on.
B002EL3MCQ my son like it new style... and easy to wear i love puma logo in the front of it with good quality and my kid like it .
B002EL3MCQ great lighting deal very happy with my purchase. good quality shoe and it looks pretty cool too! velcro makes it easy for me to get it on and off my kid
B002EL3MCQ Strong product I choose this because it is a strong sneakers,a good fit an it looks good on my baby foot.i love it thank you very much.i will be doing more buying from youll
B002EL3MCQ excellent They are very good quality although it was the first time I bought hereby and height will stay a bit big really likes my daughter. excellent very serious and responsible seller
B002EL3MCQ Excellent Product This product is of Excellent quality and termination, My son is very Happy. I will recommend it product and vendor
B002EL3MCQ Fit and fine This is second Puma for my son. It fits as expected. Style is good as expected. Good for running around in school/playground.
B002EL3MCQ Good puschase A good sneaker, strong and pretty. My 8 years old boy loved and uses all teh time.Cleanning is easy and it gets back in shape.
B002EL3MCQ excellent product excellent product, the quality of the boots are very good, the material is leather, very comfortable and very nice, original, the product arrived in good condition.
B002EZZO6Y puma shoes I received these in good time. They were brand new good quality. Not a lot of support if you are on your feet a lot but still a very nice shoe. I bought these as a gift and they loved them.
B002F0053U Amazon purchased - Puma Women's Cell Volt Sneaker I am disappointed in this shoe. It feels good and seems to have good support but after using the shoes the plastic on the sides is creased and bent. It is very stiff therefore creases. The feel is good but I don't like the creases.
B002HEWWDU Good for workout and chill-outs! The material is of good quality, did not shrink or get 'tangled' in the washers/dryers, or even lose any of its threads. I like the plain part of it, not too expensive and really good for workout days. However, one complaint is the size was a bit larger than what I expected. I was expecting Medium to be a fit if not perfect fit, but it is a little saggy.
B002KAOJ8M Great I bought this shoe about 6 months ago and its great, very comfortable and pretty strong. I love it it fits good and looks real good with my jeans.
B002KAOLGC puma very lightweight shoe. will be good for the summer.  good quality product. very happy with my new shoes! thats it
B002KAOLGC Very good I was scared when the guy said it would rip they didnt i was looking to waste 70 but i found very good shoes for half of that really happy with the shoes and price
B002KAOLGC Good Shoe - Good Value This was a value-play for me.  I wasn't going to walk endless miles in these shoes, but they are Puma (great brand), stylish, and get the job done.  At $40 you cannot go wrong.  They fit consistently with other Puma shoes.
B002KAOLGC Good buy This was a good shoes I love it I can wear it any where on the beach out side doors
B002KAOLGC very good value. this is a confortable good looking and fitting sneaker.the price is right.it is dressy , but can be worn with jeans also.
B002KAOLGC falling apart I really like the look of these shoes and the fit is good but, the white rubber is already coming away from the shoe after only 3 wears. I will be returning them.
B002KAOLGC I love it GOOD PRODCUT
B002KAOLGC good shore It is on sale and with good quality. white is my faviourite color. good to wear and it is suitable.
B002KAOLGC good stuff product met my expectation and I can wear that at any season. I really recommend this product to everyone. thanks
B002KAOLGC GOOD This was a good shoes I love it I can wear it any where on the beach out side doors
B002LH4T5W Excellent Great product for its design, comfort and quality. This model its really comfortable and its weight is almost 0, making it so good for walking.
B002LVV0GE its comfortable it is light weight...flexible and gives good comfort..I liked it from first day..good job puma.
B002QHW5EO puma el rey very good they are a nice and good cuality shoes, i loved it.... my son haven't used it, because i buy them to small for thim.. thanks you
B002RFQJD8 Good but could be better This is my second pair!!! They are really lite and fits great. Shoe is not very durable. Good only for beginners. 2-3 times a month!. the studs /cleats will come undone
B002RT8HXY VERY GOOD PRODUCT I RECOMMEND THAT THEY SHOULD DO HIS PURCHASES IN THIS SHOP IT IS IT WOULD BE AND ADDITIONAL THE QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD, PEOPLE WOULD BE AND PERSON IN CHARGE. REMAIN TAKEN PLEASURE WITH THE PURCHASE AND THE ORIGINAL OF THE PRODUCT
B002Z12QXQ Good quality not convinient Good quality as everything by Puma, not convinient. The rubber strap is too rough. Will return the product
B002Z12SV6 great product, poor service from shoemania The product is excellent and it was in very good condition. However there was a mistake with the shipping recipient which I caught early and then wrote an e-mail to shoe mania who never replied to me.
B0030BFBUK Light, durable,fasionable This is a good pair of shoes that I have looking for a long time. I use them to chase my young kids. I like them a lot. These shoes are good looking and light weight.
B0031O0ESK Really nice watch This product exceeded my expectations. It is a really good product especially for the money. I would reccomend it. My wife has gotten many compliments.
B0037KMNAU Puma Sneakers Good shoes. easy to slip on and go pretty much anywhere. I had this shoe but in different material so i had to get this. Delivery was good and fast.
B0037KMO1S Excellent product! Product Quality for a great price. Sporty and casual, for any event of this level, comfortable and tailored, Thank you!
B003BNY8QK good Good product is good and i like this brand I used it in other occasions and I want buy others
B003BNY8QK Very good Very useful and good price as well. This is my second puma watch and have nothing to complain about it.
B003BNY8QK Product Very happy with the product on time and fulfilled the agreed time of delivery the product fulfilled all my expectations although the time is a bit dull but it looks good
B003BNY8QK Nice This is an excellent product I'm surprised it's a good material and resistance it's amazing I love it so good
B003BNY8RE it's okay i bought this watch cause was price reduced, it has pretty good functions and looks good, but the screen is very weak and usually scratches, very easily.
B003DTV4P0 Excellent I really like this watch. It's simple but looks really good. Besides, I like the numbers to be in purple, it looks so good.
B003DTZ62W Love this watch I got this one for my girlfriend as a gift, and she loves it, it actually looks really good, and the price is really fair, the box is very good looking.I recomend this one.
B003DWIV4Y good purchase this is a good watch. I bought it for my wife and she liked it as much as I did.
B003EE6F6C Great quality sneakers As our son grows older we buy him the next size up in the Puma Drift Cat range.  Light weight. Good water resistance.  These shoes are durable and last well.Thin sole with good strength but great feel is excellent for young kids.
B003EE7NPO Good Good shoes, have lasted for about 5 years now. Are worn to hell, but i love them.... Use them for everything. From work to play. These shoes are good. Would not suggest using as a running shoe.
B003EE7TSU that's what I wanted Well, I can say shortly this is exactly what I needed and what I ordered.quality is very good.
B003EE7XGS For My Girl Child Nice tennis shoes replacement, they are good for child who use orthopedic stuff, i recommend it, very good materials made.
B003EE9NC0 verry Good I bought this product but is not original is of poor quality, I cheated on the quality of this product cost 20 dollars minimum, this product does not work is of poor quality
B003EE9O4W very good, are of good quality, they are not heavy, my son feels very comfortable with them. I like, yes I recommend
B003EE9O4W Really cool shoes I bought these for my 5 yr old son. They look great and seem like good quality, Mesh wasn't as breathable as expected. Nevertheless, I would buy them again.
B003EE9O4W top! it's good, fit's well, my baby is happy :) and the quality is good, leather and stoff good quality. size fit's
B003EE9O4W good product. these shoes were as expected ,thank you , very usefull  for kids.hope you can try puma products .good.
B003EE9O4W fit as expected very good Brand, fits  very well, collors are ok, confortables, durables, strong and resistent meterial, very good quality and design and shape.
B003EE9P14 great looking shoe This would have received a 5 stars but the arch is quite odd. Sometimes it is uncomfortable. The look and quality is good though.
B003EEBGQQ exelent shoes those shoes are excellent, very comfortable, we see that are of very good quality and they fit better than expected
B003EED7Y0 Excelente product and delivery. Great product. Nice shoes! Everyone near me was asking me about the shoes and where did I buy it! It's very good. The delivery is great too. 5Stars for you.
B003EEH6QK Excellent product Excellent product I recomemded to every one and i suggest to buy one or more. fit as I was expected.
B003EEH7NM classic The puma's are a favorite for my two boys.  Quality has always been good and they look great as well!
B003EEH7NM The shoe is good But it is small for my 2 years old son,my first time to buy kids product here,so I made a mistake
B003EEHCTG Perfectly good shoes ... The shoes are really executable, high-quality, comfortable and fantastic look good on your feet. Anyone who likes this style of tracks does not make a mistake if you buy this model. The seller is also a professional and delivery of the executive ...
B003FZL4YS nice, looks fine Are very good looking and confortable. Very good buy. Nice construction.We need a diferent size and We have a good experience.
B003HSWWFI Cool Jacket!! This jacket is of great quality. Good fit. Was really impressed by the vibrant color. Will definitely buy another. Thanks.
B003ICX504 Good Value These are comfortable, stylish, and durable.  They've held up to distance running and hiking, with plenty of water contact as well.  They still look as good as new after many washes.
B003IMLEI4 good quality These socks are very comfortable and are good quality.  They hold up well wash after wash.  No holes!  I highly recommend them.
B003IPY3UM decent good fit, a little softer then imagined doesnt feel like good thick cotton, colors seem to have run a bit in wash... the white with the red writing
B003LY4LL6 Excellent quality and service! We received this product sooner than anticipated, and the quality and condition was exactly as offered in the description.  The price was great too!  Thank you!
B003LY4Y40 Good quality shoe Play indoor on turf. Wonderful shoes. Good comfort, and the extra width works great when you have to wrap both ankles. Very pleased with this purchase.
B003LY4Y40 Great looks and solid quality Very good looking shoes and good quality.  Are a bit stiff but turf's tend to be that way.  I use them for coaching and kicking around with my players and are comfy.
B003LY50N4 good for price handsome shoes. not cheap feeling, comfortable.theyre not my all time favorite pair, but they are still great.especially for the asking price. they are light weight and good for summer and indoor use.
B003LY50XY good product Although I wanted to cancel the order at the end I felt very happy with the shoes was sending in a reasonable time and I liked the deal for that reason I recommend the store
B003MAJWCW Really Good Fit I had purchased these shoes for a mate of mine and it is a really good fit.They're very comfortable and neat fitting. :)
B003MAJWCW Good I love this shoes, i dont now back in another colors.  tell me when return the pakech Thanks, good bye
B003MAJWCW hello very good product thanks for responsibility and punctuality sending puma shoes model. I would like to see more of her thanks
B003MAJWCW Product is much cheaper quality. Shoe was cheaper quality, not satisfied at all.  Return process takes WAY too long.  Really cheap quality, not happy at all.
B003MAJWCW parfect shoes Fast cheap and good ............ .... .... .... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .... ... .... .... ........ .. ... ... ...
B003MAJWCW Good Thank you very much  , I love it and fit very  good . And you are good seller  The best stuff
B003MZ0LKY Excellent product this was thought to be a gift for my mother-in-law and thanks God she was pleased. Excellent delivery time and pretty responsible... nice product quality
B003PNST2U Good Excellent product I recommend it 100%. its fragrance is exquisite., is unreagalo for my wife and gisto much ,Excellent Gracias
B003R4ZV32 Indoor soccer feels better now Shoes are great. They are comfortable, look good and for a really good price.I even use them to wear them on a normal day.
B003R4ZV32 good product as described fit fine and comfortable. feels good on feet for average feet! the rubber sole outside the shoe rips off after playing few times but it doesn't affect the product use at all! Overall i will buy this product again if its on sale!
B003RKKF2I Puma Running Top Order arrived in a timely manner and in good condition. Products are Christmas presents and were opened early and there have been no complaints about the condition or quality of the product thus far.
B003S9VJU0 great buy its the second powercat boots i bought and its  perfect.really i cannot complain. especially on really hard surface, it give my foot good support. i love it and will continue to but that product
B003TW5EIO good quality awesome i like it :) ... good quality and excellent price for the presence .. thanks Puma and amazon .. Cheers :)
B003UBTS9U Defective product or poor quality Or product quality is very poor or the product I received, haddefects.In the first use, the leather broke at the tip of the shoes.This happened with the normal use of footwear.
B003UBTTRQ Very goo product My soon use this choes to go to school on sports days and they have been very resistants. Very good shoes
B003V5WUR2 a good one I really like this backpack. it works well after a lone-time using. I decided to buy it as soon as I saw it. Actually, I searched a lot about backpack but no ones I really appreciated. Finally, I saw this one and my bf led me buy it. I thought the space in it was not enough at that time, but it was really good one with enough space after I used it for half a year. I highly recommend this backpack.good looking with high quanlity.
B003VQQXQK Very good product, nice Very good product, I was thinking it was heavier, but it is ok, the only bad thing is that is complicated to put the hand inside it while open if you adjusted the belt to your right size, not the best way to open it, aparting it is nice
B003ZJCEXO Good fit Same as it appears online. Nice and lightweight. Comfortable and good quality. I would definitely recommend to other buyers online.
B003ZJCEXO its good quality PUMA Men's T7 Track Jacket IS REALLY GOOD QUALITY, I LIKE IT VERY MUCH, AND IS COLOR ALSO GOOD.BUT I HAVE ORDERED LARGE SIZE,  ITS TOO BIG FOR ME.DELIVERY ALSO VERY FAST, I LIKE IT.THNX TO AMAZON.
B003ZJCEXO Good buy Good fit. Picture makes the red look more bold and vibrant than it really is when seen in person. Still red. Not dull colored. Just not that Ferrari red.
B003ZJCEXO quality product I am satisfied with your purchase! I got a real quality product!This jacket feel very comfortable for walking as well as for training.
B003ZJCEXO Good Product, Just Not the Style I Had Been Looking For Was excited about finding a suitable track jacket that was both sylish and comfortable.  The jacket appeared to be good quality, but was a little bigger than I had expected, especially the sleeves.  I tried it on with the matching pants, which were WAY bigger than the normal size for a Medium.  My wife asked me if I had become a part of the Soprano family.  Turned out not to be the style I was looking for and polyester feel and apperance didn't make me super happy.  Someone looking for that style might well be pleased.  Just not up my alley.
B003ZJCEXO I like it service delivery was as expected. good. its fit well. I will probably buy another color combo. I have eye on another one but the right size is not available.
B003ZJCEXO Good Purchase I was very satisfied with my purchase. I was able to exchange the black one for a blue. It fits well.
B003ZJCEXO I like it I wish if I bought one size smoller however the Jacket is well made and looks very good for the price.
B003ZJCEXO Puma Apparel Men's Heroes T7 Track Jacket, New Navy, Medium I ordered it for a gift. Following advises from reviews, I ordered size medium. It feets my nephew perfect. It looks good, quality is good. Service was very good. I was very satisfied.
B003ZW2FJO very pleased with this product pants fitted very well too long in the leg for my husband but this was easily fixed. material and finish very good
B003ZW2FJO Good Deal This pair of track/warm up pants is a very good deal. they are considerably less expensive than many others I looked at and they are equal in quality to those others.
B003ZW2FJO Run big Got them for my boyfriend but they run big because he is usually a medium.  Good quality and price.  I wish it had a matching jacket for these colors.
B003ZW2FJO Good pants for teenager Son dislikes the feel of jeans, so it's all about comfort. These fit well and were comfortable. True to size.
B003ZW2FJO Love this company Love this brand. Great product for less than the other big names with just as great of quality. My only reason for four stars was that this line feels a little smaller than their other lines mostly in the butt and thighs. I returned my regular size and got a size larger and they are great. Good product. Good customer service. Good product.
B003ZW2FJO quality product! I am satisfied with my purchase! I got a real quality product!This Pant feel very comfortable for walking as well as for training.
B003ZW2FJO I like it Is true the size , have good quality materials and is very easy to wearnice color , come on time
B003ZW2FJO i like it i like it fit the way i spected it fit good ready to buy next time thak you so much
B003ZW2FJO Good purchase Excellent price and good quality.  Very comfortable, too.  Very happy with my selection and purchase.  I'm considering buying another pair.
B003ZW2FJO Puma Apparel Men's Heroes T7 Track Pants, New Navy, Small I ordered it for a gift. Following advises from reviews, I ordered size small. It feets my nephew perfect. It looks good, quality is good. Service was very good. I was very satisfied.
B003ZYW0CO Price fits quality Feels cheap, was cheap so makes sense.  White gets dirty easily.  Feels good on the wrist.  Works for me.  Recommended for the price.
B003ZYW0CO GOOD PRODUCT VERY NICE SHAPE AND MODEL, THE ONLY ISSUE IS THAT IT GETS VERY YELLOW AFTER A MONTH OF USING... LIKE OLD...
B003ZYW0CO very comfortable!! comfortable, practical and stylish. recommended and the price is very good also its size is perfect. if you decide to buy it you will not regret.
B003ZYW0CO Good product The watch is just like it looks on the picture. It is a good purchase. It definitively look goods  and serves it purpose.
B003ZYXUSM great gift Shipping is good price is good  Bought for my girlfriend and she loves the color and works for her but the strap is a little to small.
B003ZYXV4A very good i like  my whach so much, &#34; I am grateful for this watch is very good very good grace and satisfied with the delivery thanks
B003ZZ1CY0 Ilikeit Good product. Simple instructions. Fits really well. Display is a good size, not too big not too small. Easy to adjust time and date.
B003ZZ1D3K good nice, fine good, beautiful, i love its style, its so sport and cute i recomend it to person who arms are skinny
B003ZZ3E46 Puma Traction Watch Good looks, good function. Use when running. But the band is very small and barely goes around what I always thought were my small wrists. Plus not very flexible.
B003ZZ3F7C Good for working out beginners It's light, good size and not hard to use for individuals who are beginning to workout. Didn't take long to get use to, to
B004092500 High Quiality Hoodie This hoodie is the best I've had so far.  Soft and durable but sleek and attractive.  I got mine in black and it fits good all over.  No shorter sleeves or over padded hoods and the drawstrings come pre tied so you don't loose them.  Really good price.  Can not beat it.
B00417XVC2 Go for it ! Good shoes, gives great grip both indoors and outdoors. Pls don't use it on snow, its not for that ! Gits like a glove and comfortable. Not water proof and does not insulate cold ! Good for spring & summer.
B0042AMWY6 Good These are some shoes for my mom, came out good, use them all the time on any occasion. Fine, Good
B0042ANJJ8 GOOD Excellent shoes, I wear to work, go out there, from here to there and have gone very well, this line of Puma is phenomenal, with a traction foot makes you feel with freshness and flexibility, very good shoes, very good pair!
B0042ANRS6 Good. They are good shoes, the brand will is good, can be used with any clothes and fashion are a wing, I recommend it.
B00439GBOS not as good as adidas, but they do the job really light on the feet I compare them because I bought them together the materials are quite different, after a year of use they broke inside the ankle (inner layer) the're failry good but adidas is better.
B00439GBOS good product Good product, but even after several months of use I do not recommend the general public as it looks in very good condition
B00439GCEM Excellent Very good shoe, confortable, excelent material. I will recomeded always. PUMA is a brand that you can trust. I love it
B00439GCEM my puma adorable shoes, very good experience, I receive that in short time, I like itthe color, material is so good, are confortable and fashion shoes
B00439GCEM Love these Shoes Absolutely comfortable and goes with slacks and jeans! Good quality and very well made. I enjoy wearing them every day.
B00439GCEM Great shoes, very comfy Great shoes, thin, stylish, and very comfy. I don't use them to run but just to work in lab, and they are good for the job. I heard some reviews that Puma runs small, so I ordered both a 6.5 and a 7 (I am usually a 6.5) and the 6.5 fits me perfectly while the 7 is too long for me. The reason I give it a 4 star is because I cannot slip them on like my Northface sneakers. The lace is not a good quality, and the sole is somewhat slippery. But overall, good shoes.
B00439GCEM was fast and with good care. recommended. was fast and with good care.recommended.was fast and with good care.recommended.was fast and with good care.recommended.
B00439GCEM good for work something that fit good wears well and looks great with her scrubs at work,, considering buying others stylesof Puma
B0044F1OGG Buy a size larger I thought this was a good buy. Good looking shirt but the problem is I ordered an XL and it wears like a L.  Purchase the next size up on this item.
B004943XRK Great Boyfriend likes flexibility of product for running, walking, jogging. Feels safe in dusk because of stripe down side. Good fit
B0049J57OM Good product at better price I would recommend these shoes.  I've begun working out again and these shoes are very light and comfortable especially for the price.
B004C05KNG Very Good Indoor Soccer/Everyday shoes... Very good quality.They look great as everyday shoes.The sole is excellent. As indoor soccer and even volleyball shoes, the anti-slippery sole is great, they'll improve your performance.Fast free shipping [ONTRAC when sold by Amazon].Good price, very happy with this purchase.
B004DKPPR6 Toe box is WAAAAY too big. I ordered a size 8, which is considered small for me, I usually run 8.5-9.Returned :/ The materials were very good and I bought them for about 30 bucks, seemed like a good deal...nope. Horrible fit.
B004DKQY0I EXCELENT EXCELLENT! very good product is the size I ordered the same color, the same mudelo photo delivery was made at the time indicated 100% recommend
B004DKQY0I my first spikes my first year Fits good, I also love the material...I would certainly recommend it anyone.....These are the difference between running in flats and running in GOOD spikes:::::Flats-----100 meters--12.9 seconds and 200 meter in 28.1 secondsWith these spike I ran-100 meters-- 12 seconds and my 200 meter- 24.9 secondsthese spikes improves Ur time by a lot if you have good speed and a good heart to hard work!!!
B004DPKEJA good high quality shirt Another lightning deal instant gratification thang...but this worked out well.  High quality shirt, fits well, breathes well.  Definitely a winner and recommended.
B004DPKEJA Very good cotton polo) Very good cotton polo)I like the cotton polo's. This is my main shirt in summer.Good quality and true to size.
B004DPKEJA Perfect golf shirt . Really really very good shirts and perfect size and buy again and again, Thank you so much.The puma is my best brand.
B004DUM3JY Awesome the product is light, so even if long, it's mainly for spring, but the material is good and nicely made, baby feel comfortable with it.
B004EU33RE Excellent product Totally worth it for a teenager boy, it is strong and has not a childish style. Very good product and good quality
B004EWFKU0 Boys pants The fabric is good quality, the fit is nice and the length is great - not too short like some we have ordered. I have a skinny fellow and when the length is right, sometimes the waist is too big. These are perfect. The quality of seams and waistband is good and they seem to be very comfortable. No twisted elastic inside the waistband.
B004FG8WZ0 nice and good quality watch but button loose a bit strap made from  rubber color black good and high qualityfit for all water sport but not sure about the button it easy topress and change all the time, not sure it a water proof or not,
B004FV5KI2 Excellent This is the best kind jacket I ever had , it's easy , thin & comfortable .feels good after I wear
B004GB0TMI The walking shoes Awesome shoes, veryyy comfortable, good looking, and good for sports and walking for anyone who wants to walk around without problems
B004GB0WBQ How good are these kicks..????.... ABSOLUTLY FABULOUS... I just had to get a second pr of a different colour... THEY ARE THAT GOOD.... Fit is spot on and comfort is brilliant...
B004GB0XVA Wonderful sneakers, just what I wanted. These are perfect examples of the fine quality that I have come to expect from Puma. The leather is good quality and the workmanship is excellent. They fit well and break-in time was minimal. The price was also very good.I would recommend these shoes to a friend without hesitation.I also got a kick out of the tag that clearly states that they are not flame-proof.
B004GB0YHS very good Very good quality shoe, comfortable and very light colors are perfect for unique all kinds of sports (walking, jogging, etc.) and very fast delivery
B004GB1120 Very good shoes This is a very good shoes, i recomend it 100%. and the size is standard and is confortable, try to buy one.
B004GB1120 Excellent, Good quality !!!! the rigth size, perfect !!!!,  excellent and comfortable, beautiful color and design. It's recommends to use in the exercise in gym, like running or walking. Resistent to cold or hot temperatures.
B004GB11H0 Nice and confortable Good idea ordering one size bigger than you normaly do They're soft and good material. Love the design and the colors.
B004GB11O8 Great shoes as shown These shoes by Puma are lightweight and look good & fit is excellent.  Good for summer & the price is right!!
B004GB11O8 Happy Camper I bought this for a friend and he love it. Confortable, right fit and looks good. I would recommend this shoes.
B004GB11O8 Fits good, looks good, stylish Get dirty quickly, but other than that...awesome shoes. It fits perfectly with any kind of jeans or shorts. Also good material.
B004GB11O8 Good looks at a low price The sneakers are comfortable, not the most comfortable but they are ok, they look great and at that price the deal was excellent
B004GB11O8 Puma fan My husband is a big Puma brand fan -- reminds him of his high school days.  We've always had good luck with the fit and quality of Puma shoes.
B004GB11Z2 Best Of All Cordless Puma's I have bought this same pair different colors a few times because my bf loves them, he says they're so comfortable and also they look very good. Can be used for almost every occasion. Easy to put on, good price and comfortable.
B004GB1242 good product Many who see me wear this product love it and would love to have something like it. Great product indeed.
B004GB1242 This is good, I often buy this brand products, Excellent. And I am satisfied with the. Those who know will agree with me. This is good, I often buy this brand products, Excellent. And I am satisfied with the. Those who know will agree with me.
B004GB1242 Great!!! These are some good shoes and they are very comfortable the shipping was really fast the quality of the shoes are also very good!!!!!!! Would recommend to anyone!!!!!!
B004GB1242 Excellent! Excellent shoes fits very well even though its is half bigger than my size, still fitting perfect. Good balance and elasticity I strongly recommend this shoes
B004GB1242 Really good Nice shoes I recommend I love classic so this puma really comfort for walk  and I like the color good combination
B004GB1242 GOOD! I like this shoes. Light and comfortable. The color is exactly the same as shown in the picture. Sale price at $22!
B004GB1242 Shoes Good shoes. Nothing bad so far. I will write back in a few months to rate how they've held up but so far so good
B004GB1242 Tremendus sneakers Good product. Everybody this is a good choice. The price I think is fenomenal. In other countries this kind of sneakers is very expensive
B004GB1242 Puma Men's Whirlwind lassic sneaker 9D US Thought these might make good low cost runners, too lightweight for that, not enough sole there.  They seem to run a bit small so I can't add inserts either.  Well made it seems, I like the partial leather upper toe area, the material they use in the toe area now always wears out from my experience.  These were inexpensive, will make good in house shoes, not good for running though.
B004GB1242 Good shoe It fits well, it's comfortable and it looks just like in the pictures, the only complaint I have is that it gets dirty easily, if you get caught in the rain you'll probably gonna have to wash it when you arrive home to keep it good looking.
B004GB1242 Good The first time i saw it! I wanted to return it but after i wear it! It is so good! So soft inside!
B004GB14HM Excellent Product This was an excellent option, It just fit as I was expecting and are very comfortable. I have been purchasing PUMA for the last 4 years and I am very satisfied with the quality. I highly recommend this product!
B004GB18FK Good PUMA...Good Shoes came in pretty quick. They were also exactly as described. The only thing I would mention is that theyre a bit snug. Ordered a size 10, as all my others are, but should have gone for a 10.5. Other than that, awesome shoes!
B004GCJTAK GREAT PRODUCT I bought this for my wife 1 year ago and it has become her favourite purse, good quality and design, after all this time it still looks like new.
B004GEAPBU Why the high price from a week ago? I ordered these shoes before and they felt good and looked good. I returned them because they were too big and Amazon sent me the wrong color. Now here I am to buy them again because Amazon wouldn't do an exchange and the price has shot up nearly forty dollars! Sorry Amazon, you should have kept my money and just sent me a new pair. I'm not paying almost $100 for these shoes when they were $65 the last time I bought them. No way.
B004GEAWR2 Awesome Very good quality, especially for our ACTIVE boys ages 6 and 7.  They go to Catholic school and have to have pure black shoes. Will definately buy these again!!!
B004GNQIOE Very comfortable and looks good. Very comfortable during and after my runs and looks good. I have no complaints. I will get another Puma sneaker anytime.
B004GNQIOE Perfect I loved this product was everything I expected and more. Definitely would buy again excellent and cheaply. Arrived in good condition and have no regrets. My husband still love it,
B004GNQIOE Very Good This shoes is exactly what i was looking for, it has a good design and is very confortable, has the style of puma and still is for sport activity
B004GNQIOE Good I really enjoy pumas. I hate shoe shopping so I just go with Puma cause they for good and make comfortable shoes and so far these are pretty good.
B004IETLOA pupillos the shoes fit snugthey are good shoesthey are nice qualitynot great for every day walking but good for soccer ,thanks for the shoes .
B004IETLOA VERY GOOD MY HUSBAND PLAYS A LOT OF TURF SOCCER AND HE HAS WIDE FEET SO HIS SOCCER SHOES DON'T LAST VERY LONG. BUT THESE HAVE LASTED A WHILE NOW AND THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE! AND THE MAKING OF THEM IS VERY GOOD SO THEY DO NOT LOOK CHEAP AT ALL!
B004IEU08G Smooth cleats These cleats have a very nice color and design. They are smooth and have a good grip too. This is the first time I use Puma, so far so good.
B004IWRZI6 Good shorts Great pair of budget shorts, good size and length (was looking for a more modest type short). Good for any type of sport.
B004IZLF98 Great Jacket Simply put this jacket is great!  It is good for the intermediate weather as it is not a heavy fabric.  Good quality and good fit.
B004IZLH50 good these pants are nice, the material is kinda water repellant id say, their length is good and they are comfortable to wear, I've used them for park our, free running, and going to the gym and they hold up really well. they may seem somewhat pricey but they are of good quality.
B004J4X4OM good person !! it`s nice a good seller but is recomendaded !! it`s goodBecouse i live in other country and all things sende in formal cause
B004J4X4TW Good indoor kicks These are solidly built for indoor soccer, but look good enough to wear out for drinks and whatnot. Def recommend if the price is right (I paid $25).
B004J4X4Z6 Good Cleat for the money Received them 3 days after order and was pleased. The quality of them is not bad for what they cost and they look good. Also they are pretty light. Great product for the $$$.
B004J4X4Z6 Excellent product Excellent product. The design is spectacular, very comfortable, the colors are accurate, have very good finish. Puma is the best..!!!
B004J4X4Z6 good it is very good. it is absolutely good. the prize is low too.i will recomment my friends to buy this shoes.
B004J4XHMQ Puma rules!!! The shoes are wonderful and they fit good, I lke the colour and the design. The size that I chose was the correct.
B004J4XHMQ Good looking! Happy with this purchase.  Looks really good and very comfortable.  It would be much nicer if it were leather but it looks good anyway.
B004J4XI1G Two Stars after some work it does not good. and you will not like it
B004J4XJBK Excellent Shoes came ahead of time, looked exactly as described and the sizes were perfect as well. Very good value for the money.
B004J4XM5S recommended these Puma sneakers are really good. they're a little wide for my feet, but other than that they are perfect.
B004J4XNNO Puma zandy ballet slipper Sporty but cute and good for casual wear. Support is good but not great - but better that the standard flat shoes. True to size and no break-in required. Selected the gray color which is a great neutral color.
B004J4XNNO very good I have got it for my wife, as long as she got it she liked it. fit as expected, very comfortable.
B004JF5R1Y Great Quality I received these shoes in a very timely manner and they are a very good quality. I have had these shoes for my 7yo for many months now and they are still in excellent shape!
B004JF5R1Y I love it Good quality, good price.  excellent product, Fit perfect yhe foot of my little girl, the color is like the photo no surprise.  The size is equal that they show.
B004K00GLE its good like it. laces come off a lot at times. grip - good, shape on shots - good, overall feel - excellent
B004KP726G good shoes but ... they are good runnin shoes in my opinion good cushing as well but i have wore them about 8 to 10 times and they startin to lose its original shape becomin a bit loose too but they are still great shoes
B004LC3UIW Puma missed the mark Good looking shoes but lacking quality you would expect from puma on the upper and tongue.  Good sole and control and the ground, but the discomfort and low quality makes them a no repeat for me.
B004MF8KW4 Good! Good, but not super~Fair, reasonable price.I will recommned to my friends.I give 3.5 stars to this product.
B004MKMDJU Brazil Jersy This shirt was an excellent purchase, my son was really happy to receive it. Size was true to fit,material good quality and very comfortable. After first wash the Jersey maintained its vibrant color.
B004NR8RZ6 Pretty good shoe These shoes I bought cuz they were on sale. The orange is kind of random paired with the grey. They fit well and feel pretty good, and price was good only 25 with shipping.
B004PA21ZI great Shows are awesome arrived on time and doing work at the gym Really good shoes Recommeded and good pricePumas the only way to go
B004S08HE4 Good quality Good quality and fit as expected. They are on the lighter side and I wouldn't expect my Don to wear them on cold days.
B004S08HE4 great the pants was as described. good quality - fits very well to my son - I would definitely buy again
B004S08HE4 Good Quality, Fit well Bought these for my daughter. The quality is good and the fit is comfortable. I would recommend and would purchase again.
B004S08HE4 Good fit Thought I was ordering track pants to match the track jacket, but the color matched and the fit was good.  My bad on not reading the description fully.
B004S08HE4 Excellent pants Excellent pants.  Fit perfect.  Slimming. Looks good with any top. Grandson very happy with the black color and fit. I support purchase.
B004S08HE4 Good pant These fit my 10 year old well. His legs are shorter and he wears a bigger top so it's hard finding pants that fit him since he's not really a husky size. They seem to be a heavier material and good quality for a boy who is VERY active. I expect them to hold up for a while.
B004S08HMG iowa very good item good service,durable material for washing and wears good for the tough outdoors and farm or school sports
B004SH1Y10 comfy! Great pants for a very active boy!  Good price, good quality, good brand.  Would order again and recommend to others.
B004SUANIC very very good some of the best purchases I've done all so far this year. Unquestionable quality, comfort, finally a good product. As the seller, delivery was quick and painless. Highly recommended.
B004SUANZU Good I like the tennis shoes really good I like the classic and this is one of the best of puma I really soft
B004SUANZU easy classy I like this shoes !!!Looking good for my husband :-)It's really good with jeans or denim, casual !
B004SUANZU there are good Arrived soon, in good conditions, in exactly colors i choose, they are confortables, really a good. My daugther is happy
B004T3M57K Fast shipping good product Wow It came in 5 days , they look cool and fashion , it ain't for me I couldn't wear it :( , but I'm going to order like these in the next month
B004TPDD8S Puma's sneakers Excellent value for money, unique design and good quality completing meeting expectations and written description of the item. Reliable and efficient seller, prompt and professional. I am very pleased with my new shoes.
B004TPEW1K puma sneakers very good and fast service and excellent product. I will definatley buy again at Amazon. Nice prices on all items.
B004UGJQ9G I like it The watch is nice, the mixture of yellow and black and silver looks good, although the size is big, not bad, is for someone with large hands and for price is a good buy
B004VQYK4G Puma Quality At payless prices and I love it.  The shoes look and feel awesome. I get lots of compliments about how good they look.
B004VR2ZXI good shoes The shoes have a very modern presence, they look great and have very good quality I really like then lot, I buy it for 57.98, I recommend 100%
B004W2SLFS Good for the price! Materials seem a bit low quality, I hope they last enough. Size at least for me is fine but there&#8217;s always a risk to buy this way.
B004W3W4K0 look good it fitted good, it look rigth with the clothes i was wearing. it was comable. will buy more of this sock later.  johnny l.
B004W460MW Good Product Not a lot to add, what you see it what you get. I found it to be a good value and genuine Puma product. I would buy again.
B004WLEF6S Love it! Good quality, awesome shoes. If you planning to buy one DO IT! Looks just like on the picture and you can always trust PUMA.
B004WLEF6S Not Bad The Blue is more like purple.... Overall great looking shoe. Quality is good, too. Pretty comfortable for short-term wearing. Can get dirty sometimes.
B004WLEF6S Good HELLOIt is excellent, I loved it even gave me a bag, I only had one drawback was that the order was saying 2 pounds and 6 pounds in the courier. But then all good. thanks
B004WLEF6S Good Buy! A very good casual pair that is both trendy and comfortable to wear. I received my order in a well-packaged box and sooner than expected.
B004XD0EXS product in disrepair Good evening, the product came in disrepair, the clock loses, you replace the battery and is still with the same defect
B004XD0EXS Perfect. It's an original design by Puma. I really loved and I would recommend it. It's modern and for the paid price was a good deal
B004XD0GTK Good and looks better than the picture I have bought this one and i realy liike it it has a ncie quality to it. the only thing to be noted is the watch looks smaller than the picture
B004XD0PFA Excellent Puma me like an excellent watch completely without problems buy you is easier and marina very good quality product and would definitely recommend them
B004XD0TLU Good watch I like a lot , it came on time strong for the daily use , good price and cant beat it .
B004XD0TLU Not too expensive! If you want to offer as a gift It's a good choice. Why not? especially if you don't have to spend much money
B004XD0TLU good quality this is a very good quality , nice strapwaterproof too, i wearing  when i swimming in the poolit's still ok, so i like it
B004XD0WEE Good Is really good for a simple watch, I love the material, the setting option is good for what you need.
B004XD1CE8 good watch The item was delivered on time.. In good conditions and was exactly the product that I needed (due a heart issues). 100% happy with my purchase. Thanks!
B004Z0G6QS Expectations filled&#8230; They are very comfortable and light! The materials these Puma are made seem to be long lasting and good quality.
B004ZBGENW excellent product excellent product
B004ZIP4U4 Not as good as it looks This shoe is very good in appearance. Sadly, its cushioning is not great. I get heal pains by just standing in these shoes and running in them isn't great either. It's a good thing i'm not much of a runner...
B004ZIP4U4 Wonderfull shoes These shoes have a very good quality, the desing is futuristic, the stetic and good color combination make this product an amazing shoes.  I am very happy because I bought for a good price an excellent product, thank you very much to the seller.
B004ZIP54Y really good ... shoes were made in good quality..really like them. very confortable . the size fits good. well made. fast and easy deliverer.
B004ZIP5GW An excellent product They are beautiful.An excellent product. They will resist the bad treatment . . . . . . . .
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes, good quality Great shoes, good quality, is what they offer, Excellent service, I am very happy with the purchase, I recommendThe construction of sports shoes is top quality, very comfortableThe sizes and measurements are correct
B004ZIP5GW Puma Sneakers are a really great value. I love the look and feel of these sneakers.  They allow your feet to breathe and are fairly light.  Good quality and comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW Great Price I just used onceThey Re confortable and I got it in a very good dealJust work and fit good
B004ZIP5GW shoes fit comfortably and good looking i love the way they look and they fit really good..reason for 4 stars is because i have yet to start wearing on a regular basis since it's still snowing where i am..but am looking forward to warmer weather and summer
B004ZIP5GW In general looks quite good The shoes arrived quite quick and the quality looks good in general. They are a little bit heavier than my expect.  Quite comfortable to wear and walk around.
B004ZIP5GW Perfect conditions The product was in very good conditions and according to the description. Shipping and delivering was on time. It is a very good product and very confortable shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Pumas are Awesome They both look good and feel good; it is like putting on a pair of socks and great exercise shoes.  The price was also right..very affordable, not endorsed by some 50 year old, and in-turn bought by tweens that never played nor ever will play basketball in their life @ 3-4 times the price.
B004ZIP5GW great buy, good fit! bought these and was skeptical about the fit, that until they arrived and I tried them on. now I don't wanna take them off. very good product. very comfortable!!!
B004ZIP5GW Good shoes They are good and comfortable. Good quality and plenty of support. I think the size run about a half a size small though. Overall good product and worth the but.
B004ZIPJ3Q Good I like the style and the way they look (a lot better in other colors) but I consider them not as comfortable as I wanted.Not as good as expected but its fair for the price. I got them for 40 bucks.
B004ZIPVIE Light, good quality, competitive price It is a good quality shoes (compre to its price). It's light. But, if you are looking for the best material which leads to great feeling when dribble the ball, you might need something better and more expensive.
B004ZIPVIE it's definitely worth the price it's definitely worth the price. I've been using it for a long time and it's a very good one. I always go with Puma when it comes to soccer shoes.
B004ZIPVIE Looks good, but seems entirely made of plastic The shoe is good looking, but has an entirely apparently plastic upper, so it does not bend or flex naturally.  I also suspect that it will not age well.
B004ZIT63U VERY FINE DONE VERY GOOD PRODUCT!! IT WAS AN EXCELENT CHOISE FOR MY SISTER BECAUSE SHE LIKES THIS SHOES BRAND. SHE IS SO HAPPY ABOUT IT
B004ZIT63U Excellent Quality & very stylish these look good. I did had them delivered .in my view they are very stylish and good looking & sturdy.Kid loves them
B004ZIT63U Good little Puma shoe Might fit a tiny bit on the large side, but pretty close - good trainer for my son.  He loves them!  Would definitely reorder.
B004ZIT63U Very good product My son love this shoe, perfect fit and also good conform, I need to ask to put out for a little bit because love this shoes.
B004ZIT63U Classic look and comfort For those with young girls who are active, this is a good product. These can be worn in gymnastics, volleyball, even in yogalates! I wouldn't recommend for running long distances as they don't possess the sole for it, but overall these shoes can be used when being active. Also, best to have some good inserts to help with comfort.
B004ZIT63U more than I expected I bought this pair of shoes as a gift for my nephew. they're more beautiful than the picture, lightweight and good quality. if your looking for quality and  good price this pair of shoes are the perfect choice and your kids will love them.
B004ZIT63U Best product. The product arrived to my addres just in time and the qualitty is very good. The bad news is that i failed the size, the shoes not fit to my daughter.
B004ZITHZC Puma shoes look good on girls and women's feet Good looking shoe. My wife has puma's as well that she loves. Decided to get for our daughter. They look good. They have a big girl look with the ease of Velcro good buy can't go wrong.
B004ZITHZC Wow! Excellant Quality! The site photos does not give it justice. The quality is above and beyond what I ever expected. Very good build quality and my son loves them. You can't go wrong with these shoes! Top-notch!
B004ZITHZC we are really please with this product my son like puma stuff so we saw this shoes on amazon and ordered it,  received it on time and the quality real good it fits perfect and my son is enjoying it right now will recommended it anytime great service too guys.
B004ZITHZC Good product My child likes the style and feel of the shoe. She has sensory issues so it was great to find a product she enjoyed.
B004ZITHZC Good It is very good .my son likes it very much! looking for next on sale time. Then I can buy one for my friend's kid
B004ZITHZC Very good first impression My son loves them even before actually running around in them (he is currently ill). They look and feel good; I would recomend them as a great buy.
B004ZITJJQ extraordinary Quiz&aacute;s quisiste decir: magn&iacute;ficomagnificent,very good shoes and toy, satisfied,that there will be adult's shoes? wanted a well, Thanks Good bye
B004ZITQ2G looks good, fell apart bought for my 2 year old. looks good fell apart the ribbons fraied in 1-2 weeks! look old and worn out
B004ZITU86 Good Choice I purchased these shoes for my daughter.  They are comfy and look very expensive.  They are very sturdy and hold up pretty well.
B004ZIWJL6 amazon Good nights the shoes puma nice ace of very good quality but there was a serious mistake the height was not the one that pidio was 36 and they ordered a height since for a child of a year I it had to sell to another person his etrega it was rapid I do not complain
B004ZIWJL6 excelente Good quality.So cute! very resistantgreat product,laces are stretchy, which is ideal for children, very  easy to use
B004ZIXBAY Good price This shoe has a low fit around the ankle which took a little getting used to.  It is comfortable, with what I would call a fairly wide fit.  Good for walking or running, not x-country though, not enough support.  I don't think there would be enough ankle support for serious court wear either.  All round a good cross trainer.
B004ZIXBAY very good I am very happy for my shoes I'm really pleased, since they are like the ones I saw in the photo are comfortable walking and very light, came on time and in good condition
B004ZIXNXY Lightweight and comfortable It's hard not to love these, they are the lightest athletic shoes I've owned.  The quality seems pretty good too.  They look and feel kind of cheap but they are very good quality, kind of deceiving.  I'm happy, would buy again.
B0050U20OE Colorful The good thing about this shoe is that it goes with almost any outfit due to the many colors.  Kids today love wearing bright colors and these shoes are perfect for any outfit.  The quality is good and so is the price.  You will get what you pay for.  They look better in person and hold up pretty well but could be better.  I gave it three stars because my daughter has not owned them for to long and they are already losing shape.  A shoe this eyegrabbing should hold up a little better.  All in all if you are not wearing these shoes all day or being rough with them then you will be okay.
B00517NOTQ Excellent My son is very happy with these sneakers. Good quality,true size, excellent price. He was sceptic at the beginning because of the black color, he always had white before these. But he told me from now on, he wants only black sneakers.
B00517RFBE Good Shoes For The Kiddo's ! Good shoe, moderate price. I suggest that you double knot them though, the laces have a tendency to hang low from the sides, my kid is always re-tying them.
B00517RW8K Its good Within given price range I would say its good product. My son did use it for 2 seasons with out any issue.
B00517T9UO Quality The shoe fitted my son very good.it look very strong,but the quality is not the best. The price was  cheaper than the store so I paid for what I got.it looks to me like an imitation.
B0051DTS04 Really good Fit as expected and it is very durable even in hiperactiv kids
B0051DTTB2 it is good it seems nice and my brother loves it wery much. it is cheap but in good quanlity. it is worth buying
B0051W04MQ Cut very small for and X-Large I was disappointed because the top is certainly not even a large!I am sure the quality is good,  but if it does not fit it won't matter.
B005258G7M Good quality... This shirt is a good quaility shirt. It holds its color after multiple washes and has not faded. No complaint here...
B005258OM4 good value I like these and they are well made.  I like the material.  Shipped quickly.  Grandson likes this.  Good value.  I would buy this again.
B0053A2M3A alright im not sure why they look a little different from the picture but not too bad quality is fine and the price is good.
B0053VMJ6E puma basic I got this from macy's ,not from amazon .Because this is basic puma product,not as good as higher end of other puma product but pretty decent for the price and I like the style too.
B0053VMRR0 Very Nice! This top fits very well.  It looks good and is made of quality material.  I'd recommend it to anyone.  The Puma iridescent logo at the shoulder level looks good too.
B0053VMRR0 Good That's not my size, but the t shirt es good, and my father wanted it, no problem, thanks a lot.
B0053YAH4M Very good. Very comfortable, covered my expectations 100% satisfied with your purchase for my wife. not remove them. uses all the time.
B005544T94 Go Puma! Luv the Puma brand. Shoes are comfortable and not to mention very retro. Color is bright and fun. Delivery was as expected: on time and in good order. Recommend.
B005547MJS good deal!best price i could find online! good shoes,shipped fast, good quality, lightweight flexible, bought to workout in holding up really well. downside is that i have wide feet and they dont comein wide, but they flex to conform to my feet and still hold shape!5***
B005552422 Good Good quality, my son love it. He is using it every day. He just love it. Comfortables very casual, can use it with jeans, casual pants or sweat pants. Excellence.
B005552422 Fits good Exactly how I thought they were. Was in between sizes so I picked the higher one and it fits perfect.
B005552422 Good fit Order came as expected, very casual good looking shoe. I would recommend to others looking for a good shoe to wear with casual attire
B005552422 Excellent shoes Great shoes, very good design and are also made &#8203;&#8203;of excellent material, which combine with all kinds of clothes .. thanks
B005552422 very happy the product came into my hands in the estimated time, a quality product I'm very happy with the quality and service provided hope continue buying with you later thank you very much
B005552422 I like it, but Comfortable shoes, good quality at the top, but only took a week and have been using them considerably worn on the bottom, otherwise I recommend
B005552422 Puma Prompt delivery, product is good.  My husband likes it, comfortable and will purchase again.  The only thing was I paid too much in taxes in my country.
B005552422 A little bigger than expected. A little more rigid than I expected, moreover, that it fitted me like others I have of that brand.This does not mean good quality product materials, a very classy design.
B005552422 Good Quality, Good Looking These shoes always get me compliments, they look nice-casual. I wear a woman's size 8.5/9 and this shoe fits in a size 8 on me, they're very roomy. Plus the bag it comes in is cool. No complaints
B005552422 So So It is smaller than it looks like.I was a little bit disappointed about that.However, still good looking.In general, no problem.
B00555AO2E good I enjoyed pretty much the j I think I'll buy one of these,a good product with good pricegood price enjoyed
B0055BZJGY Excellent!!!!!!!!!! Very good, the box and the product was great, and the service of the buyer, the ship also was very fast, thanks
B0055QR480 Bad Quality Let's start with the fact that not especially convenient.The worst thing is that the quality is not really good yarn everywhere.Due to the size a bit mingy.It looks nice and stylish.The biggest downside quality if it would be ok it would be really good
B0055QV4G8 comfortable not good looking as the picture looks, but very soft, easy to walk, like it more and more, good so far
B0055X9J0O LOVE 'em! Fit perfect!!.....they are so comfortable and are not as hot as other shoes.....Lovely color and good for those who like single-good things!!
B0055XATC6 LYS I loved my puma, are comfortable and look good with jeans, the material is very good and very nice design ...
B00569FKLE puma womens expera III googled these shoes to see where I could buy, amazon came up - excellent price, good communication and excellent service
B0056X0DO4 puma cross training Very comfortable.  My second pair.  Love them.  True to size. Good service from Amazon too.  Good cushioning.  Variety of colors.
B0056YQPA4 very good Puma rugby boots is very good, it's big pleasure to play by this. I thank to producers and amazon team for it
B00573UJEW Good shoes My hubby uses these use on the field when he is a goalie, and when he's a forward, he says the shoes are not flat on the bottom, but its a good thing cause it takes the pressure of and helps you balance whilee you play better. He also says they're very comfy.
B0057DPSQG exelent quality Exelent fit, quality,design, very happy with product. Very lite, looks good, best by so far that I bought before. Thank you
B0057DPSQG PUMA THE FIT IS A LITTLE SMALL BUT THEY ARE GOOD
B0057DPSQG Good style, good value, bad boxer-briefs These are cotton boxer briefs that quickly become just boxers after very little wear.  Put them on in the morning and they fit like a good pair of boxer briefs should - snug and lightly supportive.  By the middle of the day they completely stretch out and you're basically wearing boxers.  But they do look good with contrast stitching so you can score points with chics (or i guess guys if you roll that way) for having "cute underwear."  The three stars are for style and value not function.
B0057DPSQG Good comfortable sporty boxers These are good I which they were a bit snugger in a few places, but I dig them. They are comfortable for every day wear or for activities. My wife likes the look pretty well although does prefer the look of some other boxers normally ones that are less comfortable. I would likely try buying these again.
B0057DPSQG Elastic isn't very good If you are looking for some underwear that has good elastic on the legs, this isn't it.  The elastic was worn out before lunch time.
B0057DPSQG puma underwear Very good product , I will continue to by this brand I wirk 12 hr shifts and they are Very comftrable I need more if these.
B0057DPSQG A Little Large The fit of these was a title larger than similar items from other manufacturers, but they fit me just fine. Other brands were too tight in Large and too loose in size XL. Good quality and comfortable.
B0057DPSQG Perfect Perfect boxers. Just the way I expected. I totally recommend it. It a really good quality. Yes get this one
B0057DPSQG I did not like them at all They r big too big.  Fit when u put on then stretch out way to fast not good  A big don't buy
B0057DPSQG Too big Good quality material but the are too big. If in doubt go one size smaller and the will stretch out a bit
B0057DPSQG good fit they are good quality and true to size, wash well and don't shrink, waistband fits well with no stretch or fold
B0057DPSQG Good Comfortable and a great comfy fit.Although the tag in the back (inner side) peels off after one wash, this is a good product
B0057DPXKC A little expensive but a good purchase. Fit is good even with football thighs ... A little expensive but a good purchase.Fit is good even with football thighsWould recommend to athletes who have larger thighs and are looking for a comfortable fit.
B0057Z71ZK very good excellent product, very good quality, exactly as seen in the picture so it is highly recommended 100% responsible.. perfect and elegant
B0058XE0GY Very Good shoe It's a good show with really good grip. Was able to get pretty good ball control with it. Should have ordered half a size smaller. (If you're a 10 for normal shoes, order a 9 for a nice snug fit)
B0058XE334 Good Shoes Nice and solid leather. Not the perfect look, it is kind of too wide on the front, but may be my taste is different. Good shoes for that money, for sure.
B0058XELXG Good shoes, but don't expect them to last ProsVery comfortable, good looking shoes.ConsSole on left shoe is separating after 3-4 monthsSome stitching starting coming out on them after about a month of wearing them.would not buy again
B0058XELXG Amazon warehouse deals are legit Got my kicks, super good deal. Fit good and they are about half the price as normal retail. Even forgot my workout shoes and busted out a crossfit workout in these.
B0058XF1KI Very, very good. Nice sneaker, very good for the price, however not much recomended for very long walks. The presentation es good also.
B0058XF1V2 Quality It looked good on the picture but when i got it, I was very disappointed it was not leather is was plastic looking material.
B0058XF1V2 A good choice The shoes are as expected, comfortable, good looking and perfect fit. If you want a not expensive good  pair of shoes these ones are for you
B0058XF1V2 Excellent Product The product was as good as I expected and I really enjoyed the shoes, they fit perfectly, and it was exactly what I ordered.Thanks.
B0058XF1V2 Try these, excellent shoe! The Puma shoes are excellent in quality. Plus they are a good looking shoe and lite weight. The fit is exact and have a good feel.
B0058XF1V2 could be better They have a good design and colours, but the quality is not as expected. The price should be lower quality.
B0058XF1V2 Bad Quality When I saw it in the first time in the picture provided by the seller it looks good, but when I got it the quality of the product was really bad.
B0058XF1V2 Less of a sole than others but feels good You may lose an inch in height wearing these as they have less of a sole than others have, making them feel almost like ballet slippers must feel, but it feels good once you get used to it. There is little cushioning in the sole so they are mainly for casual wear and probably not good for running etc.
B0058XF60I very good for walking I'm popular corridor of 21 km to buy them for use with jeans or relax on Sundays after the truth of Training soo the once ran for 10 miles and was on asphalt responding to my taste good stable insurance comfortable cushioning and last a fair look good
B0058XF6Q2 good product The product is exactly like pictures,I don't have problems with shoes, shoes are brand new, I'm happy for buy it.
B0058XF6Q2 Average overall good product I liked the quality and value modeltransport speedand be attentive in giving information as you orderexcellent well
B0058XFAOK Good one These shoes are for my father. He really likes them and says they are comfortable. It's just what we expected!
B0058XFC7U Loving them So far so good. Got these for my ankles because I read they were good. The price was amazing and I couldn't pass them up. They do feel a little off at times, but so far my ankles have been feeling better when I run.
B0058XFJTQ puma's product came on time. shoes are of  good quality. couldn't be happier. the price was good and I would recommend this to all of my friends
B0058XFP4A beautiful this shoes is great is beautiful and very very confortable, the quality is very very good, and is all that i wanted
B0058XFP4A It was a good experience The product got to me on time and it was just as it was described on the net. The parking was also done well.
B0058XFP86 Good looking and well priced, but lack proper support for sports I bought these from Amazon at $49.99 and it was a good deal. These shoes are good looking and very comfortable for wearing for long periods of time. They are very soft and flexible. I use them everyday at the gym, only for weightlifting and a little cardio afterwards. However, I tried to play tennis once and found that the shoes lack proper support. Any other running shoe would have been better for sports but the material on this model is just too soft (which make them very comfortable for regular use).
B0058XFP86 I liked this product I liked this product because it is very comfortable and cheap compared to other brands. It is of good material and durable
B0058XFP86 Walking on air, great fit and good looks Great fitting shoes, easy on and off.  They're very stylish and extremely comfortable.  I would buy them again, they're that good.
B0058XFP86 Puma OSU The product arrived very fast to Puerto Rico. Its in a good conditions. But the tennis are too stretch or small.'Thanks
B0058XFP86 Fits great It looks good, the colors are bright and it feels really soft. I would recommend it to any teenager. Washable
B0058XFP86 Good Choice I purchased these sneakers for my son.  He was very pleased.  The sneakers are really attractive and a good buy.
B0058XFP86 Good guality Received on time and I'm very happy with product. . . . . . . . . . . .
B0058XFP86 Good shoes All is good.What else can I say? I paid for it and it arrived when and how I expected. Good.
B0058XFP86 Great!!!!! Light and flexible. Really well made have a very good fit and looks stunning over all a Good running shoe.
B0058XFP86 Too tight Bought it two sizes big but still too tight and really hurt you feet. Not good for exercising or any physical work, as my wife says these are like those 8 inch silhouette heels good for 20 mins then you change to something comfortable
B0058XFP86 Good job. Its worth the style and new look. But 1 star less for the price. quality of material not expected to be as its priced. after 3 months it has become loose a bit and the sole is out of shape bending forward.
B0058XFPLS Good shoe Shoes fit perfectly and very durable and good for running. Have had for a while now and still in good shape.
B0058XFXA6 the color the color is different, I want black with white but the product is white and yellow, because I quality of product is very good but is different
B0058XG1CA Good for the price. The pumas product run small compare to regular US shoes size. First time ordering them online. Over all they are good brand.
B0058XG1CA the best sandal I love this product each day after my work and it feels good to my feel and easy to use as well.
B0058XG1CA :) I love them. The price is good and cheaper than in the store and a good quality.I wear the all the time :)
B0058XGI5A good luck I live in Colombia and i hae received this pair of shoes in best conditions, they are amazing and i am so happy with them because it is just what i expected about them. Good choice, shoes and store.
B0058XGI5A great, it's that I needed. it's really good and has a low cost.I think about this sneakers are very confortable and very cool, I like it.
B0058XGI5A Excellent I bought these sneakers for my boyfriend. He is in love with them, they fit him extremely well and they also look very good.
B0058XGI5A Very good, beautiful!!!!". Puma Drift Cat 4 Fashion Sneaker,Chocolate Brown/Plaza Taupe excelent quality recommended, at the right time was sent!very good, beautiful! I really liked the product.
B0058XGI5A good price but is not the same size when I place my ordermay be in future I can try it one more time
B0058XGI5A Super. Shoes is very good. It is perfect for my feet. good. Puma  are very light and comfortable. Quality tailoring is at a high level.
B0058XGLKC looks great, feels good but not sure of it is durable looks very nice and feels very good too.The only concern is if it will be durable or not ? - the sole is a very soft material which will tear if u rub or scratch it with any rough surface. and the black part of the sole is painting so that goes off soon.Feels great for running.Will update how long it lasts as soon as i find it :)
B0058XGLKC Nice! Good price Bought these for my son. Size is true. Good inside padding and nice support. The shoe is solidly built. When you can please a 14yr old, you've done good.
B0058XGZ8A These shoes are REALLY REALLY comfortable!!! These are really comfortable and are still in good condition after a whole year of cross country and will still be good for next season. The only bad thing about these are the plastic spikes in the middle are gone now from running on rocks but still have good traction!! I would recommend these shoes to any cross country runner!!!!!
B0058XGZ94 Carlos Javier excellent product, the purchase was a success and attention via email very good. excellent product, the purchase was a success and attention via email very good.
B0058XH4L2 good i love puma,it is good style and good quality..also i want buy PUMA Women's Asha Shoe red sz 7.5 but Currently unavailable ..
B0058XH4L2 Wear Good and look Goood! I Love this shoe, I have them in six colors. And I want more.Look good with jean and dress pant.
B0058XH4L2 not a good fit Not a good fit. They were cut small. I have these in blace, and they are a great fit.  I am going to return.
B0058XH56Q Confort Good price, good looking and very confortable..great for summer..has mesh so you will get toes and socks wet , FYI..but a very nice shoe...a must for running or walking in the spring and summer...
B0058XH5D4 Good shoe! These bright colored shoes are great for the price. I found them to give great support for my workouts. Good quality.
B0058XH5D4 Excellent Shoes and Comfortable It is my first Puma Shoes and I Liked them! Comfortable and nice purchase :) Good Material and quality. I usually use 7.5 and this are 8 and to fit very good
B0058XH5D4 Beautiful In excellent conditions! The product arrival was fast! And very much exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with the purchase. The colors are fantastic, they are very comfy. I dont recommend for longo runs, since there is not much ankle support. They are good for walking, gym, or tennis
B0058XH5D4 hi I love these shoes, I love them, have come out very good, very good quality, could improve the quality photos which show the products to better visualize things.
B0058XH5PM Shoe Review Awesome look, and Awesome fit. WOW. These Puma's rock! They are good looking and fit better than I could have hoped.
B0058XH5PM thin extremely thin and light. soles are almost non existent. might be good shoes for some uses, but not for long periods walking. good looking shoes on your feet though. these are tighter than I expected even after reading reviews and expecting them to be tight.
B0058XH5PM most excellent shoes I love them !  The look, the feel. The quality is good, but I wish they would breath better. Great color.
B0058XH5PM Very good for the price It fits very Well i like the material and feels very good. The size is normal for anyone no problema with this
B0058XH5PM Sharp looking shoe at a good price So far so good! Looks great. Price was good. I would look at ordering another pair when the time comes.
B0058XH5PM good quality puma has a very comfortable shoes and their price is excellent . i brought this ones to Ecuador and i'm very happy with their performance
B0058XH5PM Look good, don't wear for long walks My husband had to buy inserts for these shoes, they hurt his feet. Look really good, and inserts helped. Not for comfort wear.
B0058XH5PM Confortable Like the feel and look of them. very comfortable and good fit. make sure you know your size before you order online.
B0058XH5PM pumas product is exactly what I expected. Same quality and same fit as I had purchased before. Very satisfied with product.
B0058XHCDM good fit as described its a good fit and is comfortable as stated by my mom who i bought them for ..
B0058XHEBM A very good pair of shoes Well, the raiting I personally chose is because I felt very satisfied with the product, it fit well and my purchase liked me so much. I recommend to buy in Amazon because everything is OK.
B0058XHEBM Very comfortable.. Good quality shoe and inexpensiive which equals double threat for success. Excellent for casual wear...Its almost like putting a hand into a perfect glove..
B0058XHEBM it's a good look. I love it and it fits as expected, so I'm looking forward to do business with you guys in the near future.
B0058XHEBM good it is good, both the size and color, and I feel comfortable when wearing it. it is a pretty good one.
B0058XHEBM decent trainers good trainers decent price....cool colors available, size was good, packaging was minimal, well done puma.....quite comfortable.would buy again soon in different color
B0058XHEBM Just what I wanted. Brings back memories of old from past reviews i took a chance and went one size larger 13 to 14. good thing because they fit perfect. good looking as well.ken B.  rochdale,Ma.
B0058XHEBM love it  no problems nice pumas good price fits well, looks good, right color even comes with a certificate of authentication templatedelivery was before I expected
B0058XHQN8 Great Y y y y y y y by y y y y y yy y y yay y y y good sale
B0058XHY3K Niceeeee Good looking shoe. Sweet
B0058XHY3K The fit is good, however Shoes color on the website is a lighter blue compare to the actual shoes.  The fit is good, however.
B0058XIHF4 Thumb up Fitting lil tight but is good though because it help heal my teared ligaments..the other type of sneaker are to loss not  good for teared ligaments. Pleased customer :)
B0058XIVRS good bought this for my wife because she found one she but not right color so she got this from online
B0058XIVRS Comfortable for wide feet too!!! Should have gone a half size bigger, as most reviews said to. But a great shoe, good traction. Good Buy
B0058XJKSM Great product This slipper is awesome..bought this a long time ago and it still good as new. It's very comfortable. I would suggest it to anyone!
B0058XJSEI Shoes Love the shoes feel good on and the bright color is  uplifting.  Good with all blues and Navy.  Light weight so don't bog you down.
B0058XKRM0 Good price for cute sneaker. They are worth the price. If you have a wide arch or feet, then these may not be for you. I had to stretch them a bit. Otherwise they are good.
B0058XKUMM good super comodos, hice una buena elecci&oacute;n, suaves al caminar / super comfortable, I made a good choice, soft to walk
B0058ZYXFA Comfortable, good quality, slight Very comfortable sneaker, made of good quality, slight, excellent for running and cross training.It's a excellent sport shoe for men or women.
B0058ZYXFA Durable and a good fit. the soles are durable, and can hold up to constant running. The soles shift to the side a bit, but its not that bad. The undersides of the sole hold up pretty well to any type of terrain. Pretty good overall.
B0058ZYXFA good quality great price came in a seperate red bag, best pair of gym shoes i ever owned for a very reasonable price, they fit  good not narrow like most pumas
B005902WHA excellent Fit's like I expected, designed with light weight and it's looks good and also, it's comes on time! A good deal
B00593FWS8 not cotton great so far. But then again, its still new. Been getting some good looks. 70 bucks, not bad. like the shield. makes me feel good. (20 words)
B00593HRHM Professional service! I had to return the jacket because it was bigger for the size. Otherwise the quality was very good.I've got my money back fast with no questions asked and no commission to be kept. Thanks!
B00593X7P8 Very Good Item !! Very good item !!was small a bit yes, but, is great item.Can compare with others and can say this one is  +5
B00593Z8QO 5 stars! I love it! THa package came kind of slow, but they are in perfect condition, well made and were wrapped really good. My daughter looks lovely in it and they feel good while she walks as well.It is worth the money!
B00593Z8QO Great sneakers! My daughter already have two others puma sneakers and they are good looking, easy to clean, fit great and comfortable! Always a good choice!
B00594CZLO excelent Very good product. i think that it was going to be a cheap item but i was surprised by the quality
B00594DEB4 good Product came on time is as appears in listing.  Now I have to wait to give it as a gift to find out if it fits and if  the shoe is comfortable for the receiver.
B00595IXPU Very good Very good, excellent quality. That's all that describe the product, durable materials. It is a different, very versatile. Recommend it one hundred percent.
B00595JOOY Amazing The quality its really good and very confortable. The size its just as expected. I love puma shoes, and this are really really great.
B00595JOOY I like them They fit well, seem to be decent quality, and give good feel while driving. If the price hadn't spiked right after my purchase I would buy a second pair.
B00595JOOY fit good haven't worn a lot yet
B00595JOOY Good It's perfect very good description thx!!!
B00595JOOY overall fit and quality as expected I have a B width foot and find that Puma's fit pretty well.  Those with a much wider foot might not be as comfortable. The shoes present a nice appearance, at least to me, with stitching and materials of good quality.  Overall I am very satisfied with these shoes that have thus far met my expectations.
B00595JOOY very good very good product and very fast delivery. the size of this shoe is a litlle small. When you order, add a 1/2 of your regular size.
B00595JOOY Vedano Purchased to use for business casual dress. Purchased half size larger than I would have normally based on other reviews - seems to be good advice. Time will tell how they hold up. So far so good.
B00595JOOY good shoes good shoes, nice color, stylish, I like them. I got them 1/2 size bigger, still tight. no totally happy about it.
B00595JOOY Wonderful shoes for price, fashionable. Great quality shoes. Good price as well. Can be a dressy and casual for any event. Item and photo as described.
B00595JOOY Good All right, good model of shoes, good material and very comfortable. Product recommended. It was what I expected and I agree.
B00595JOOY I love it Good product
B00595JOOY Good Production but wrong size !! It is a sleek & sharp shoe and may not fit for broad feet. Ordered this per my size but doesnt fit (little tight) so I go with .5 inch more to make myself comfort with it. But the product was good and durable.
B00599DCHU GOOD These are very good they fit nice and they jest work there really cool looking and that cats actully white not blue
B00599E1GQ Good shoes They are made of leather seem to be very good quality. They do run about a 1/2 number small. I got the size 7 for my son and they were very close. He was only able to wear them fro a couple of months before he outgrew them.Overall I liked the shoes.
B00599E1GQ Very Good These Shoes are a perfect comfort and style but you might want to get a 0.5 bigger size because the front is kinda tight, very good.
B00599E1GQ I like it really These shoes met my expectations even though I were a little tight. however, I can say that they are durable and good for indoor soccer...
B00599EKWQ PUMA Men's Complete Crossfox Cross-Country Shoe Very light weight, breathable, good support, and cushioned heel.  Recieved this pair and liked it so much I ordered another because it was such a good deal to save for later use.
B0059C9DRK Excellent This product is one of the best article that i buyer in amazon, good quality, i recommend this item to any one that want look nice and elegant
B0059CEZL4 Exactly what I expected The hoodie is good quality, looks exactly like the pictures, and is exactly what I expected.  Nice logo, arrived packaged well, arrived quickly.
B0059CGGYS Good fit, warm track pants Very nice and good quality pants, perfect fit (size S). I use them during a night out where the temp was around 50F and felt warm. They are very much alike in quality if not equal to my Adidas Barricade Warm-Up Pants. Very satisfied. If you are size 32-34 waist size S is a good place to start if not right on.BTW, there is a Puma logo in silver color next/front of left pocket which is not shown in pictures that I found it to be very nicely done.
B005AA3KGG beautiful shoes My son is very happy whit that product and the price was very good. my son use this shoes every day
B005ADO31O Good for this price!!! I like this watch and for this price is a good buy, I've been hunting for a couple of months ..
B005ADO31O Excellent! A good gadget, very very light, with a very good presentation, good size, simple but useful, recommended especially for sports.
B005ADOA6W Good Quality This is just what my granddaughter wanted.  The color is pretty and it is very easy to set or to change settings.
B005ADOCQK DEFECTIVE CLOCK CAME WITH ALL HAND, GOOD PRESENTATION, VERY GOOD COLOR AND APPEARANCE. BUT.DEFECTIVE CLOCK TURNS OFF AND RESTART THE TIME, DEFINITELY VERY BAD
B005ADOCQK Excellent...!!! I think the Puma brand is excellent.... this watch not far behind, is made of very good material and design is excellent
B005ADOG7U good product! This very nice and good material. Is fairly light, is great to take to the gym because it is very comfortable.
B005ADOKFI satisfied. The product arrived in good condicioes and with good quality and the price is excellent. I liked the packaging, to be sure.
B005ADOLRU Excellent Nice size, color and quality. Puma delivers again and the price is a good one. I recomended it...Go for it
B005B2H1FE I recommend Puma Anjan It is a good looking sneakers, fits comfortably, good support, light, flexible, great grip, and I like the color combination.
B005CAVWLY Good Nice cleat. Fits quite well and comfortable.Actually I prefer a brighter color, but it is good enough.I like it
B005CAYYOQ good Shoes at the begining whit good quality.But de are too small and this is a problem. In addition today are broken and i have used for 4 month.
B005CB59N0 Delivered on time, fits well I haven't tested these out at a game yet, but the fit and comfort of these cleats are very good for the price. The build quality is good and the product arrived on time.
B005CB59N0 light weight. Good feel It is light and has a good feel. My shots are better and it aids my quick switch in direction. I have only used it once so I cannot tell you about durability. Amazing for the price.
B005CJM11A Great price Bought these for my toddler he loves me ey are true to size and such a good price for shoes. Toddlers grow so quick! I want good quality shoes for hi, so he doesn't get blister.
B005CK2B14 Good shoes Very good shoes my boys like them a lot. They are sturdy and are very well constructed.  And they were a great deal.
B005CK7W3Q Excellent High quality, very good product, my kid was so happy when she saw them, excellent product, highly recommended, great purchase,
B005CKB0WA Overall good shoe They run a little small but they are really cute, good quality, and my son absolutely loves them! I would definitely buy him PUMAs again.
B005CKB0WA Good shoes Love it. Good looks and quality
B005CKB0WA So far so good! So far so good! Look great fit great. Easy for my son to put on and take off on his own.
B005CKB0WA good buy I bought these shoes for my son, the sizing was perfect, looks just like the picture and delivery was on time. In short a good buy.
B005CKHBP0 good Like it very muchGood productThe best qualityYou can use it any time.Good experience of deliveredBuy it nowPuma experience
B005CKKUQC excellent Very good product, my son is a fan of Ferrari and when I gave the shoes he was very happy
B005COWQH4 4 It looks good but I am not try on yet I hope  good for the running  I like puma shoes
B005COYKXC ovras ok Okey this product is exelent, the shoes is fine, beautiful and economic, good choice,my daughter is very happy whit tis product
B005COYKXC Lindo!!! This shoe is very good and beautiful, it was perfect for my son, he loved it!!The quality is really good.The only thing is the price we thought a little above.
B005CPBU2K Decent The size is exact should have went a half size bigger for my 8 year old to get a second season out of them he'll out grow them before any apparent wear good value good quality no complaints
B005CPYA2M really good but the quality is not the best..this will last a few games and thats it, but they are comfty and fits well
B005CVWYPG She got good use out of them for nearly 6 months so ... Puma's seem to be a size smaller than the number. Kids feet grow so quickly, I would have bought this two sizes bigger because thick socks help fill any space. She got good use out of them for nearly 6 months so that's not too bad I'd guess.
B005CVWYPG to small My girl is size 6 so i buy them.in 7 for later and.they dont even fit her :-( but the quality is pretty good
B005CVWYPG excelent really excellent product that meets my expectations, comfortable, adjustable, soft, lightweight, very good, really excellent product that meets my expectations, comfortable, adjustable, soft, lightweight, very good, really excellent product that meets my expectations, comfortable, adjustable, soft, lightweight, very good
B005CVY9RW Three Stars Good lucking shoes but too small
B005DFNLYO Good gift! This was a Christmas gift for my daughter.  The fit was good and she loved the pants.  They will make good yoga pants.
B005DGMJTG Good Product I usually buy Puma sweat pants, I'm not sure why so many companies have a problem making a good pair of sweatpants but they do.  Anyways these are perfect for what I was looking for which is lounging around at home.They aren't your typical heavy material, they are nice and soft and perfect for sleeping.  I would be hard pressed to find a more comfortable pair of sweat pants.
B005DHLO4G Excellent looking and Decent quality Is a good quality product, I really like the design. Comfortable and great for going to the gym to workout or just for a casual use. if you like the Ferrari style or the black & red combination, this jacket would be an excellent option.
B005DIOKMS A good buy. I bought these for playing tennis, to protect my skin from the sun. The sizing is good, and the fit is flattering. The fabric is slightly, but not too shiny.Each pocket holds two tennis balls. The pants DO NOT have zips at the ankles, so may not suit someone who just wants warm up pants.Have worn and washed once a week for about four months, and they are almost as good as new.I really like them, but slightly prefer the KSwiss Accomplish pants I bought at the same time.
B005DIOKMS Great track pant Size is perfect, colo0r is ok, good fabirc, product is as described. Good pant, and excellent price. I like it
B005DTQRZA puma shoes Nice shoe, it fit well, very confortable and good design. Look good with a jean for going to the mall or another informal situation...
B005DTR72W Horrible Horrible quality...shoe isn't as good as it looks on the picture. Quality is horrible I even wonder if it was manufactured by puma
B005DTR72W Good value I like this shoe,and I have  it in all colors. I also like for driving and  it is easy to pack for travel even in my size 14!.
B005DTS9SS Proper fit and flexible Bought these a couple of months back and they are a pair of good looking shoes.The size fit is proper, maybe a bit narrower than most shoes, but still a good snug fit!The soles are really thin and you can easily feel the imperfections of the ground under your feet, in some ways makes this a bit uncomfortable if you are used to thick hard or cushioned shoes.Looks good! Stylish, but people do notice the red tabs and ask about them, wish they had a pair without the red tab on the Velcro latch.
B005EK7PYA Good The material was perfect and the size too, the sport brand is perfect, the shipping was on time and te price is leess than the store
B005F17KYI I love it I loved this boy clothes. He was perfect for my little nephew. It looks very good quality and very cheap.
B005F17KYI good outfit Very very good product fit my son as expected the colour  are amazing excellent material good price nice to wear
B005GKXXE4 Vale oque se paga goo buy, but have problens like, don't have average!you can't see the time and BPM at same time! good price
B005GKXXZI Great product It came with the original box with a manual on some languages and I thought it beautiful. it also has some function.. Good gift too.
B005HEJHYO Good golf sneakers Comfortable and A good alternative to the traditional saddle shoes.  Very fashionable too for the younger golfer .... and older too.
B005HEJHYO Good Fit Excellent fit...... hoping that they last as I live in Pennsylvania and have a couple of months before I wear them outside. But inside , they're great !!
B005HEJK3W GOOD This is Cool. I like it but orange was good too. I usually use this actual golf. Previous shoes uses driving gage.
B005HEJK3W Men Golf shoes So far so good. I have only worn them three times to play golf. Time will tell if they last.Very good looking shoe and stylish
B005HEJK3W Sharp Looking I usually don't buy anything on line. Took a chance and was totally surprised. Priced fairly, the looks are great, I look like Ricky Fowler, out on the course. Most importantly they were a comfortable fit from the moment I put them on. As golfers you want to feel good to shoot a good score and these PUMA'S do that for me. Swing Easy Shoot Em Straight.
B005HEJK3W great product I love this product, It arrive in perfect conditions and in good time. Just the size of the shoe is a little big
B005HEJK3W Great looking shoe Got this for my husband and he really likes them. Plays golf a lot and they didn't hurt his feet and look good also! Had them since Christmas and they still looks good and he is rough on his golf shoes.
B005HEJK3W Fits good and feels good. I had to get a wider shoe and this Puma fits great and is good for 18 holes, not a bad looking shoe to top it off.
B005HEK2J8 good shoes I normally wear a medium width, but these are slightly too wide which I can mostly take up comfortably by really tightening the laces. Otherwise, they are very good looking,light and comfortable. I haven't had any sign of rubbing or blisters as other reviewers have suggested.
B005HEL4W2 Great shoes Good support and good lace control. Just snug the laces at the top and laces tighten from top to bottom for good even support. Played two rds in them so far and would recommend them for purchase.
B005HELTCM good product I am relatively pleased with these shoes.  They fit well and do the job.  My only objection is the material as it does not breathe.
B005HELTQ8 very good very good product i liked so much i recommend it i want to buy more products on line for this on line shop thanks
B005HEMSW2 excellent product excellent product.I am very pleased with the product. meets all expectations.recommend shopping store for similar products.enjoy your purchase
B005HEMSW2 good quaility Totally worth the price! good quaility Totally worth the price! A little too  big for girls, but it can contain everything, there even a special bag for computer
B005HEN3IK Great shoe Sleek look.  Very comfortable, no need for break in time.  Good quality.  Good grip, very stable when driving. Would highly recommend
B005HEPKLS EXCELENT PUMA SHOES ACCUSTOMED EXCELLENT QUALITY AS A TAKE ON SALE VERY PLEASED WITH FULLY RECOMMENDED PRODUCT AND A LOT LIKE EXCLENTE BUY PRICE OFFER QUALITY
B005IKIM5W Comfortable Since I got them I wear them every day, they are very light and cute and comfortable. Was a good choice and maybe a good price. Love them.
B005IKIS9C Good buy These shoes are good. However, they are running shoes, not cross-trainers. I kept them anyway though. I've worn them for walking (I don't run) and weight training. So far, so good.
B005LCD60I Comfortable I have to say, it took me a bit to search out what I wanted, but Puma has always been a decent name so I went with it. I am so glad I did. These are just really comfortable sneaks for a number of things, but I like using them for stage as a musician. They feel good, hug the foot and allow me good movement..
B005LCE58A Love the size. color, and function Pros:1) Has a separate compartment for shoes to keep them off your clothes and it is vented to reduce odor problems.2) Lightweight and pliable, which means it easily goes into even the smallest locker.3) Very good size.Cons:Wish it had places for a couple of water bottles, but then it wouldn't look as good.
B005LCE58A Looks good, cheaply made Didn't last a month of carrying my Muay Thai gear. Get something better.I did like the design and color, too bad its horrible quality.
B005LCE58A All good I am happy, can't complain.  If you have huge feet you can expect that most of the space will be taken by your shoes/boots.
B005LCE58A Excelent 100 % recommended good price and good quality. I can put everyting inside because it's a real good size. Perfect.
B005LCE58A pretty good Was absolutely content with it. Any bigger,  it wouldn't fit in the locker. Any smaller would not do the job.
B005LCENV4 puma good material, hide pocket nice logo, no printed, no good lazes no comfortable good quality i like the form and color
B005OKY03Y happy with this product shoe of excellent quality, good material and very beautiful, 100% recommended for lovers of classical models. happy with this product.
B005OLA532 Puma G. Vilas. Cool shoes for the price and kick it with jeans - been looking for this shoe for awhile.Classic puma with good selection of colors.
B005OLK5QO Good shoes The shoes are really good, very light and comfortable. I like the green puma logo. Arrived at the right time. I'm happy with my order.
B005OLVDCO great shoes I love this shoe, they feel good and look great. I get a lot of good compliments when I wear them. I wish puma sold 3x shirts and pants.
B005OS839I very good Very good the truth. Until now there were problems. At first it is a little hard but then it gets comfortable.
B005OT0TRQ It is a good product The shoes meet my expectation. The price is reasonable and the shoes are very comfortable. It is a good brand!
B005OTA9R6 not good for zumba I thought these would be good for zumba. M y feet were very sore after wearing them, I thought they would slide on the floor well, but they stuck tot the floor.
B005OTA9R6 pleased The fit was very good. Love the color. Over all very happy with the product. I would definitely recommend this product to someone else.
B005OTA9R6 Really nice! The back of the shoes is a bit uncomfortable but wth good socks its ok. Other than that I love them, really good for work outs n runs!
B005OTA9R6 I Like Its Its perfect And i Like ... I love this... Is as expected, they are too confortable.. Very good n.n thanks
B005PGVYJK Excellent product I really liked this product. They note that it is very good quality and it feels very comfortable to use. I highly recommend them
B005PZ7QFW GOOD QUALITY PUMA! I ordered this shirt for my grandson and he loves it. Fits true to size and the quality is very good.  I would recommend this shirt for any kid.
B005R506IO Good Product But way to large for my child probably when she is four or five years or more.  Thanks any way.
B005R50TVS Good enough Thought it would have been a bigger. It is somewhat slim fit.
B005S0PF1G good for kids my son loved these.
B005S0PF1G Love Puma Brand A good, durable shoe for my 2.5 year old. He's wore Pumas since he's been able to wear shoes and they always hold up so good.
B005S0PF1G Puma is a perfect shoes for boys Its confortable and with a Good quality. My  son loved it and uses all the time. Its perfect To go To school.
B005S0QEXE Great Buy Quality,color and fit awesome. Price very good. I would definitelyReccommend. My grandson loves them,very comfortable. What else is there to.say.
B005S1F8TY very good gift excellent quality, very sturdy, my daughter loved ....i recomended .... ... ... ... .. .. . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
B005ZFCUIA Fast shipping good product.  Aka big country They looked very nice they fit just right fill like ur walking on clouds good job y'all keep it up
B005ZFCUIA Puma shoes Right price . Comfortable. Looks good. Goes with a lot of my workout clothes, and adds good support to my feet.
B005ZFCUIA Good purchase My wife bought them for the gym and so far the experience has been very good. The shoes look really good.
B005ZFCUIA Comfort PUMA did it again, very happy with purchase.  Extremely comfortable and stylish design.  Really a good shoe at a reasonable price.
B005ZFCUIA good shoe A little snug but otherwise good. The colors are alittle off too bit it is not noticeable. Overall good item
B005ZFCUIA What I expected Good for my walking workoutsLove the color
B005ZT6ODS Waist band is not good quality and way larger for size 8-10. Material is thin and good for the summer but Waist band is not good quality and way larger for size 8-10.
B005ZT6ODS Very comfortable They are very comfortable. My daugher is not overly thin, but its elastic waist is good around her waist. These fit closely enough in the waist and hip to stay put without being overly tight or uncomfortable. Good quality. And we try Puma - Kids Girls 7-16 Multi Glitter Pant, Purple. It is comfortable too.
B0060LRT5M Very good quality An original product with very good quality. It was the right pant I was looking for my son. I received what I expected in the commited time.
B0061NY7QI Good quality These are great water shoes from Puma. I took them shellfishing in the states and also to some pebbly European beaches. They performed admirably and as a huge bonus they don't look goofy like most other water shoes.  I am very satisfied with both the design and quality. Great product. Thanks, Puma, from me and from my feet.
B0064IPTA8 thank you good product is what i expected use it during my whole deployment iwn afganistan no problem found keep it up guys
B0064ITPKI Shoes not here yet! Ordered shoes a long time ago, still haven't arrived.  Would like to give a good review, but if the quality of the shoe matches the quality of whoever shipped it (and the method shipped), this is not a good sign.
B0064V6UL2 Impressive.  Not expected as it turned out okay. Thought it was mediocer but turned out a good product. I recommend these socks to the readers and you will not regret it.
B0066BAW96 Love Good product, reasonable price!The watch is Good and ideaHave a beautiful and modern.Friends, I like it very much.
B0069RLG4W comfortable this shoe is the most comfortable I've ever had, I loved what I recommend 100% liked is authentic, comfortable, beautiful as that as described in the photos, good quality
B0069RLG4W Good sneakers I got this for a really good price.. I get complements on the colors and theyre very comfortable and light. A good summer sneaker.
B006H1NNPU very good shoes I love this brand of shoes, are of very good quality at a very affordable price. My child is happy, likes to play a lot of football with these shoes.
B006IQW13O Good Buy I bought these for my daughter and she loved them.Would recommend them for sure, good colour and sound good too!!
B006IX2I62 good cleat good indoor soccer shoe- comfortable and looks cool too.  My 7 year old will continue to wear even after soccer is over.
B006J7WSEY Good starter cleats This is a very good starter set for young kidos. As soon as my 3 year old son opened the box he was.fried up!
B006J7WSEY puma firm ground soccer cleat they were what i spected, the size is just perfect and my daughter is very happy. the price was good too.
B006L2WF2M Good Shoes Good shoes, to use today to get out and about, are good and durable and are easy to wash. Fine
B006L87X0A good this is the best purchase I made so far they are great, good size and nice way to package them,
B006OEY2NC very pleased with the purchase I was expecting in a slightly tight fit because of an exact measurement and this product prove to be right on the money. good fit, comfortable shoes, very pleased with the purchase
B006OEY2NC Good buy Fit good, comfy, stylish, look good, and it adds yards to your drive! Also works for crushing cans on the 19th hole. Beer up!
B006OEY2NC Good option The shoes are exactly what I wanted and fit as expected. Will consider using the vendor again in the future because of this positive experience.
B006OEY2NC Just as i hoped they'd be This is a fine, comfortable, stylish golf shoe.  I would definitely purchase another pair. Good quality, good looks, good bargain
B006OEY2NC Good looking shoe Looked around and for the price you can't beat it. Enjoy that I was able to break it in quickly. If only my game was as good.
B006OEY2NC Golf Shoes The shoes were better than I expected, perfect fit, good quality and an excellent price!!!!!!!! I can always count on Amazon for everything I need when I am looking for things I need.
B006OEY2NC One of the best! It was a mistake ordering a size smaller.. but still one of the best golf shoes I've bought. Very light and has very good traction/grip on the fairway (even on those uphill and downhill lies). Awesome looking too!On top of it all, i got them at a very good price!
B006OEY2NC good pretty good stuff, good price, tooit is comfortable, soft, and really hwlp you to stand stable. make a better swing
B006OEY2NC Good Quality Shoe The shoes fit well and are very comfortable. Good to wear as an all around shoe but the cleats catch on carpet and can trip you.
B006OG0FA4 Good quality. Run a little tight. Great shipping. Item is just like the photo. Good quality shoes but they do fit a little snug. Hoping they loosen up after a few wears.
B006QNQUH2 Good deal These fashion sneakers are nice looking, but quite hard and stiff , especially on the toes.They were on sale, so I still think its a good deal.
B006QO2XP4 Would recommend Happy with the product, will consider to buy it again. Very comfortable, good quality, easy to fit on, can wear with the jeans.
B006QOIP88 Puma Faas 400 Perfect fit, light weight and confortable sneakers. Just as described. Good buy for the money. I am very satisfied with this product, plus the colors is perfect match with my compression fix gear out fit.
B006QOJ3HK good it was a buy for my dad he was pretty happy and they look pretty good i will buy this product.
B006QOJ8PM brilliant because it is a good one and i love it very much and i will tell everyone about it in here.
B006QOJ8PM very comfortable and look good too I bought this shoes for work since I walk a lot, very comfortable and look good too!
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe at a good price As others suggested, I went up a size when these were purchased. They fit extremely comfortably - wore them all day the first time with no issues.
B006QOJ8PM Not leather The shoes we received said they were made of synthetic materials, while the product description said they were leather.  Still a good looking shoe and nice fit.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe at great price They look great and feel good. I am really liking this brand. I work 12 hour shifts and feet don't hurt:)
B006QOJ8PM Good Fit Provides good support and fits true to size.  It has a good design and its color scheme is pleasing to the eye.
B006QOJ8PM Good product,fits as expected,just a bit narrow by the toes. Always liked puma products...so this purchase was not an exception. Its nice looking,fit ok and hope the material is also durable.
B006QOJ8PM good one very good shoes fit as expected and I recommend it. I saw it on special price and buy and worth every penny. is a very comfortable shoe the first day that I put them last longer than 12 hours continuous working and did not feel pain in the feet.
B006QOJ8PM Love it I love anything puma they fit really good and really comfortable. I like the color and the price was really good.
B006QOJ8PM A hit! These were a gift for my son=in-law and he liked them very much.  Good quality at a fair price so awesome results for us.
B006QOJ8PM Three Stars No good cuality
B006QOJ8PM Good buy I bought these for my son. They fit him well and look nice with jeans. He doesn't have any complaints. They were a good buy.
B006QOJ8PM Love When I received my shoe, I try it really fit and comfortable for me, it's look good and good price too. Fast delivery with free, I really like it so much...
B006QOJ8PM Good work PUMA Very good for the price (39$ amazon offer), no cheap materials and very comfortable, also they look nice and are easy to clean
B006QOJ8PM flashy The shoes fit good. I was disappointed to see the emblem on the side of the shoe is bright silver. Didn't show that very well in the pic.
B006QOJ8PM Good Shoes This is my first shoes from Puma.A good comfortable shoes.Design as shown on the picture.I like it !!Good black and white combination.
B006QOJ8PM Good for the price Fast shippingThey run a bit on the big sideBewareOther than that they look great!Good quality running shoes
B006QOJ8PM Good Shooes fit really well it was a good purchase but they do make squeeky noise when you walk in them.
B006QOJ8PM very good buy! Ive had this shoe for about a month now and im very happy with it! I use this shoe for daily use including weigh lifting and running,never had any problems with it. the fit is good and it broke in rather quick as well
B006QOJ8PM Not exactly a Nike but worth the price It's lightweight, the silver strips are tacky and cheap looking; but the price compared to other brands is low. The question is whether or not it is a good sneaker? I have been using it for the last couple of weeks. I like it. It fits, albeit a mite loosely but that's all right, my Nike was a little smaller. My feet feel comfortable in it, and being lightweight has it's advantages while walking or running. Hope it will last for some appreciable time.Too many Pumas on it, aesthetically not that good. But we are talking of utilitarian value, right? Worth the money!
B006QOJ8PM Confortable Fit and good looking This is a very good looking shoe for causal wear. I ordered a full size up and it gave the the correct fit that I was hoping for.
B006QOJ8PM Too good to wear & same as shown in the picture i like the design very much and very comfortable while wearing it. would recommend for others to buy this light weight one.
B006QOJ8PM Good Looking & Comfortable No break in needed. Very comfortable. Many good comments from others.Got them real dusty snd the dust just brushed off with ease.
B006QOJ8PM Good This is really a great product. All the previous review were helpful. I took one full size larger then I usually wear as I have broad feet and they fit really well... If you are too concern about comfort go for Nike..
B006QOJ8PM would be a good choice if with wide options. It is light weight and pretty. Too bad, it's too small for me to put them on,  so I can't say if it's comfortable while moving.
B006QOJ8PM Very good. very comfortable and the fit was good Very good. very comfortable and the fit was good. best on line purchase I have made. thank you, and the price was good.
B006QOJ8PM Pretty Good so far Fits great & feels pretty good. Could use a little more snug fit just below the ankle. I'll post more after longer use.
B006QOJ8PM very good very good. I like it very much. it fits me very well. puma is one of my favorite brands. thanks
B006QOJ91U Good Quality Good fit and what I expected. I wear these shoe's almost daily and they are very comfortable. Nothing to complain about.
B006QOJ91U Good Product Bought this for jogging. This was delivered on time and fits well and soft inside. Looking forward to good jogging experiences with this new pair of shoes.
B006QOJDAW good shoes Basically, it is good shoes. My wife like it. But it is a little bit small. So it is a pitty.
B006QOK6TY good company Shoes were great and they arrived on time as advertised.  I would do business with this company again they are legitimate and of good quality.  The shoes were small but not due to company but my decision to go smaller.
B006QOL57G Fashion This product is good because is cheep, the color os great, are confortable and look very good with every clothes.
B006QOL57G Perfect I would recommend this shoe to everyone. Its good for running and for work because its comfortable and good looking.
B006QP1URU What I expected Very good product
B006QP38XY This Puma shoes are awesome I must say that i recieved the shoes and it was excactly what i was expecting.. I like them so much... The color and the height were good... But you must walk carefully so you wont scratch them with concrete or even the pavement because the material they're made of is not soo resistent.. Summing up: Good quality product. PUMA
B006QP3CCQ good i really liked these shoes they are just pretty messy and get dirty right away but if you take good care of them they are a perfect mathc.
B006QPN75I Great shoes! The shoes were perfect! The size was good, the package came as expected. The picture was very similar to the actual product.
B006QQ0WYG Georgeus! Excelent, I'm happy for your service, it is very good. The product is great, same as the picture.I highly recommended, I will tell my friends, thanks!
B006QQ0WYG Good leather shoe for Ferrari fans This shoe seems of good quality. All leather upper and good rubber sole. Got this at a very good deal less than 50 dollars and then this is the perfect gift for the Ferrari minded man. Not sure if I would want to pay full price for this product, but I guess you don't - just await your chance and get your pair!
B006QQ0WYG love them really great shoes , wont regret.  Comfortable and very nice leather. good good asdf asdf asd fd asd ff d s a f
B006QQ11IM Really comfy, good shoes Bought these about a year ago from a store. Super comfortable and really good to walk in. Looks good with skinny but not tight jeans. After bout a year the ruber perforated part started to rip and then continued to rip. they ripped where the cussion around the ankle part meet the perforated part. Both started ripping at the same time. Then again i wore them almost every single day, played sports in them, and really beat on them and although they are ripped they are stil really comfortable. About to order another pair. Hope puma does not stop making these for some time because they are sweet shoes.
B006QQ11IM Perfect Perfect. No problems. Right size. Fit great. Feel great. Look really good. No complaints. Very good for the price for sure
B006QQ1C5E Like it Very comfortable. My actualy size is 10, but after reading reviews I purchase 10,5 and it was perffect. Good look quality.
B006QQ1C5E good price the shoes a kinda narrow kept them anyways the price was good they work got them pretty  quick was satisfied
B006QQ1C5E love them good quality, very stylish, they look good with all outfits. have a happy new year everyone in the world! thanks
B006QQ1HZ4 Good Kitty All shoes are not the same and that's why I buy Puma's... shoe looks great and feels good.  Excellent driving shoe and quite comfy on my feet. Your probably not going to score 40 points against the Lakers in them, but you will stroll into the arena with a very good looking and comfortable shoe. Size is accurate.... and probably not a good choice for those with flat wide feet.
B006QQ1HZ4 Puma Future This is a classy shoes. It fits pretty good and is comfortable to wear about. I am getting another in a different color.
B006QQ1HZ4 I love it! Awesome deal!!! They are as I expected, the quality is very good and are a great price. Buy fully recommended
B006QQ1NXU a good deal really good shoe!! i loved the color and fitted as expected!! i hope to find some good deals same as this one!
B006QQI3ZQ Great product! I bought this shoes for a friend and he loved it, better than expected, look very good quality, not cheap at all. This is the third pair of puma i bought for him, and he just can't stop buying then.
B006QQI76Q Good mark, excellente shoes I always wait the opportunity to buy a Puma shoes, until tested then. Comfortable, light, and finally look at a good price.
B006QX9X80 Good Good Royal blue shirt Country cat tee Medium with three colors of the Italy flag of Puma.. I like it.
B006QXOWHC classy cold weather wear This is a very nice hoodie though the large size looks and feels a tad larger. The quality is very good.
B006QXPZT6 this is it very nice fits perfect looks good did not expect it to be as good as it is.I am going to a new set but more expensiveit is worth the money.
B006QXPZT6 Good price good product It was a good deal for the price, it's wide for the legs but I like it I don't like skinny pants!! buy them
B006QXPZT6 Good material The fit overall is good, it is just that the length of the pants are very long. I would get a size shorter if I did it again
B006QZ3CCG Good one Wonderful pant, i really like the texture, the colour and how it fits me!!! i am so happy for this
B006R0P1SS Goo product I liked the pant, good material, really warm. I just think the size charts of the brand are not very good, since my boy is a little 7 yo and the size 8 almost didnt fit him...
B006R7TQE6 Love it Love it. It came on time and looks as good on as on the computer. Good purchase and worth the money.
B006SZ5MN6 good design fits well. trendy. good as a gift for somebody.Well know brand, quality not known yet. hopefully last long. light in weight
B006SZ5QXM Excelent! Always trust the Puma! - nice quality for the best price! perfect size and good rubber material.. awsome + good price = perfect!
B006SZ5RYU Good product! Good product. I bought it a year ago and still works like the first time. It is a simple watch, low cost, ideal for use with sportswear.
B006SZ5UOM good I like this watch.. excellent choise..easy fit my wirst and the color is really good i use it every day
B006SZ5V3C I like it so far... I like watch its good one...but it's rubber strap that only negative I can say..it's have good look.what we pay
B006SZ5YNO Great deal And Price Unbeatable price! Brand New Item with box. Fast shipping.Item above my expectation.Good quality material, for general Use or for work.
B006SZ6578 excellent excellent product, I love these lenses are beautiful, the weather was as expected costs, recommend them, good price and quality excelete
B006VE7KVG good but only 9month... It was okay.Size are little smaller than other brand shoes.Also, he has only 9month then stich was pop!!!!
B006VE7KVG Great Quality Shoe My son loves the fit, the look, and the style.  Fast Shipping and a good price.  Good find and size is true to fit.
B006VE9712 Very good Very good quality and excellent priceMy boy has made me buy him this one since he was 9 and he is turning eleven
B006VEQ0ZI Great cleat!!! These are as expected and true to size. They look good on the field and my son is really enjoying them
B006VEQH42 Looks good and my son loved it. As described the shoes fees and looks good. My son was very Comfortable and was enjoying it.  Always try to get the correct size.
B006VEQH42 Good reviews The cleats are working out good so far, my daughter actually thinks the cleats makes her a better soccer player
B006VEQH42 Good quality good quality, performed well for youth soccer. Just remember to clean them off before your kids bring them back in the house because the dirt really sticks to the grips on the cleat.
B006VWJSL8 Nice jacket - like the look Nothing too outrageous.  Good jacket and comfortable.  A tiny bit on the big side, but not swimming in it by any means.  Fits and looks good.
B006VWJSL8 I need one more set just read my first review for the pans its the same for the jacket nice. Good quality can beat it.pants and jacket looks very very good I am looking like a pro athlete.
B006VWJSL8 Awesome quality! This jacket has great quality! Yes, it does run a little big, but it's still a good size (got extra large for my boyfriend). Giving it to him for his birthday soon and I know he'll love it. I got the black & white one.
B006VWJSL8 I love it It looks good, it's just as advertised and the size fit perfectly. I can't really say more. It's just what I wanted and expected.
B006VWJSL8 thank you I love the quality of the material, looks really good on my boyfriend, thank you! he loves it a lot!
B006VWJSL8 Good product It was a good stuff and I liked it very much. But I believe price was bit costly. Thanks you
B006VWJSL8 what can i see i just love it i like the puma jacket it's made by good quality sport lock i would like to recommended people to buy it
B006WABOZ2 Perfect. I had another one of this model and this one is the same. PERFECT. I recomend to other this sandal. The seller is good too. It arrived on time and in good conditions.
B006WDOIEI fits good but... I got a size 10 and they fit good, except for the back part by the ankle. I got blisters from it, so when I wear them with higher ankle socks. Otherwise they are light weight and I love going and working out in them besides the little ankle part.
B006WO90Q8 Feel good when a. Using it. I've love it and I really feel good when am using it at the especially when I run at the thread mill. It so light and I feel comfortable every time I used it for sports and walking.
B006WOQMIW Good shoes, good price Regular puma shoe, good comfort, good look and they are holding up well.  I have always had good luck with puma
B006ZNNYPE Very good design At the beginning of using them me cost to tenderize them. Now right after 10 days they have remained better. Very good cords and are coquettish. I hope that appear a version 2.
B006ZNNYPE Good shoes for gym Good runnig shoes. Very light and convenient. Look a bit heavy but is not in fact. It is ver good for gym and running. Probably not too good for casual events.
B006ZNNYPE like the runners world review says Not a lot of upper support, but lots of cushioning. I get good runs with these shoes, about 6 miles at a time. They are good shoes, but not exceptional in any area like the runners world review says.
B006ZNNYPE Very good Very good puma. Excellent for running. Take the advantage to get it and start moving your body with this great shoe.
B006ZO2ZJY Realy good shoes for Realy good prie! Delivery fast:) Realy good product, recommanded for people who Walk a lot. Very confortable and Very lite. I lov&eacute; it :) thank you!
B0071BUID0 Good quality, a little bit smaller than the size posted. I gave 4 starts due the issue with the size, half number more and fit perfectly, the quality of the show is pretty good is a very confortable sneaker.
B0071BW9KK good the product is exactly as pictured and a wonderful price for puma. I highly recommend this product if you are a puma fan
B0071BW9KK Good Product The shoes are good fit and comfortable.  The toe and trim were a littler shinier and the pink (Rose) is brighter than the picture shows but that is not a problem for me.
B0071BWI1U Puma Evospeed F1 Midtop Ordered these shoes due to a lack of a decent driving shoe, Previously had Piloti's which were fantastic, wasn't really sure if i would get anything nearly as good for what ended up being cheaper. I was proven slightly wrong, as far as fit goes they are excellent. Not a huge fan of the straps used to fasten it to your feet, they feel a little odd but really this is minor. They are extremely comfortable to wear and feel very light and well ventilated. Of course the main feature here is this: Are they a good driving shoe? Yes. Yes they are. The light weight and good ventilation make this excellent for any sort of quick movement with your feet and the rolled heel really makes it comfortable for throttling. Couldn't have really asked for a better BMW Themed product from Puma, it goes quite well with my E30 ;)
B0071BWVYY SUPER GOOD THE SNEAKERS ARE JUST AMAZING, EVERYONE LOVES THEM AND ASK ME WHERE THE HELL DID I GET THEM.  THE QUALITY IS PRETTY DECENT AND THE PRICE IS VERY HIGH I KNOW BUT WELL. WORK AND EFFORT IT.
B0071EAEFO Like the shoes! Good product.  Shoes look good, fit nicely!  My daughter uses them for indoor soccer and P.E. at school.  Good product for the price!
B0071F07VE Good price and performance Such a very good price for this shoes, they are very cormftable, perfect fit and sole grip even in synthetic field and rain, and even in rain you dont get your socks soaked.
B0071F0IN6 Good product for the money I bought these mostly for the flair (they look just like the picture), but the held up pretty good during a full day of soccer. The quality of the cleat is more for the occasional play than the season long soccer pro, but I think you could get a decent amount of use out of them prior to replacing.
B0071F2DOS The puma it's ok. The shoes were comfortable. They are very cute. They allow the game to perfection and gives you amazing comfort when running on the court.I am grateful for the product because it was expected.On delivery, the same was correct and very good service.
B0071F2DOS Good option Very good soccer shoes for synthetic grass ,very comfortable , the only thin is that you have to buy a half size more than what you used to use.
B0071F2DOS good the material is very comfortable indeed, l really like it so much. l can wear it to play the soccer, so happy!
B0071NXS12 order Good sturdy t shirt for kids its true to size would buy again havent washed it but it looks like it will wash well!!
B0071NXS12 Constant discounts Very good product. Size of the sector. I recommend to everyone and will buy again. The purchase price of the good.
B0071RGWAM Good Puma toddler shoes Love these little shoes.  I swore I would only buy used for my toddler but I saw these and caved.  They came on time and in good condition.  The straps are perfect for those toddlers that like to take their shoes off the second you put them on them because they can't take them off as they interlace.  Clever.  Good traction and comfort as well.Thanks.
B0071RGWAM Good shoes My daughter loves thes shoes. Easy to put on, look great and appearently to her very comfortable. Shipped on time and a good price compared to other retailers.
B0071V44LW good great product and confortable I recomend it, very practical to be used with or without purse very elegant and casual
B00721FYAG really a good one looks in real much better than it appears in the photo. I received it in a very good package. my son loved it.
B00721GPCW Good product Actually we like the quality of this product that we bought a second pair for our nephew an he is so happy
B00721H3N2 A piece not to be missed Size ia very good.. very stylish design.... uncomparable quality. My kid loved it so much.
B00721ILF6 i bought it for my son. he likes very much. they are very confortable The shoes are beutiful, very confortable, good looking,  and fit it very well. It came in a perfectly well packaged.
B0073G9Z4Q Love them..!!! Very comfortable and light weight a very good deal for the price, I bought the Black/Aged Silver/Aqua green model and they look better in person, nice fit they are true to size, excellent quality.
B0073IR6PE good i take these shoes to the gym they are light weight and very comfortable very good shoe and great deal
B0073IR6PE Low price, high quality! I was expecting something not so good becouse of the price. And I was pretty amazed when I found this! Very good quality, fits perfect, light weight. I even bought one pair for my girlfriend )
B0073IR6PE Good product good product because it meets my expectations, quality and designPuma has always been to my likingthe color combination is good
B0073IRJOW Fast delivery, tight fit. Shoes delivered fast and on time. But the shoes had a tighter fit than what I am used to, it is possible I have wider feet than the average person. Good product well made.
B0073J7VLC Looks good works good I got two of them for my teenager nieces and they both liked them. They look cool, durable and good size.
B0073J7VLC I love it It's amazing quality and priceI really like itGood product for good priceAwesomeMy son also love it
B0073J8SG4 awesome just as i imagine i will buy more items like these pumas. really comfortable and good quality. the price excellent,
B0073J8SG4 good product great
B0073J8SG4 Good quality shoe for the price It is good quality shoe. The package was in good shape and the shoes were in good condiotion when they arrived. I think I paid around 48.00 for the shoes and they look great and are well made. The only thing is the are a little narrow , not horribly so but maybe ordering a half a size larger than normal would have been helpful , or just a wider version.
B0073JP1H8 Big! I do like this purse a lot, it was handy when I was in school and needed to carry my books. It is a little big for everyday use though.Good quality!
B0073XIITC Good workout sneakers Good fit, and comfortable for the gym. Very happy with my purchase for the price. I wouldn't have paid over $40 for them though.
B0073XIITC excellent Shoes are as expected, very good quality and gentle for daily exercise, my wife does not like much quit using them daily, insurmountable.
B0073XIITC Good product/Great Price I was just thinking I would like new shoes and then the deal of the day showed up in my inbox. :) Love them. Little smaller than I expected so my arch insoles don't fit. Oh well.
B0073XIITC puma shoes very good brand, fit perfect, very strong shoes, good value for money and this always deliver on time and well wrap
B0073XIITC Great shoe for the price I usually wear a size 10 but after reading the reviews and everyone saying to order bigger I did and good thing I did. They fit perfect. I had to order an 11 they did not have 10.5. Good shoe, nice appeal, lightweight.  Good price.
B0073XIITC good shoe, a little tight the shes are good except the toe of them are wayyyyyyy to small at the toe. I can not run or do a fast workout with it begging to hurt
B00754HAKC Excellent Shoes and good price They are very comfortable and light. The relation quality / price is excellent. I recomend this product, I love it
B0076B8MFG Good Shoe I bought these shoe not to really play soccer , but to coach soccer. These are really colorful. I also use them for Working out in the Gym. In the beginning, I felt like they are really too bright for wearing, but later on I feel really good. Strongly advise to take at least a size up. I wear 11.5 and ordered 13 which is perfect. But I feel they are narrow for my feet so be careful.OTher than that no complains. Good Buy
B0076D2OVW great This is a very good sunglasses. I lovedvit on site and also my friends.very good puma. My friends also like it.
B00772NHWW Good Shoes He loved them and they fit just right. He has gotten a lot of great use out of them too.
B0077C1BN4 Look good and they feel good I have become a big fan of puma. They fit well, last along time and most important look good. Everyone has a few shoe companies that work for them and puma is one that's at the top of my list.
B0077CLH3I not real nice leather The leather upper is kind of disappointing but overall it is a good deal with the price I paid. shipment is good.
B0077CLM2E Good shoe I like the look of the Puma shoes, but I forget that shoe makers sizes can vary from manufacturer to manufacturer, normally 9.5 is a good fit for me, but with Puma, I will start ordering 10s.
B0079GN7PS awesome shirt it fits as it was shown. It looks great on my son and people compliment him on how good it looks.
B0079XE3UY Good deal I got a good deal on this outfit but I wouldn't recommend it since it has glitter all over the outfit and I'm sure it won't last long until it all washes off.
B007C17GIY Nice pullover for that price I love to buy online because in Ecuador clothes are expensive on any puma store you can spend like $80 bucks for this pullover. It fits ok. good quality
B007CMWTAI I love it This is a very beautiful and good quality,I as a gift for my friend,How happy he is and liking.I would recommend this
B007CTSE4Q Looks good but runs small It looks v good on my 20 months old. Keeps her warm in aircon temperatures. Lightweight and good quality. Size runs small though so I'd suggest getting 1 size up... And regret not doing so
B007F2CSOM nice design and quality the merchandise is as expected . good quality but slightly larger than i expected. still fits ok for a sports casual wear.
B007H91YUW Good product with good cost My wife bought one to use it in her tennis clases (after received never used for tennis classes) he prefer to use it when uses jeans or sport clothes.  very nice puma watch.
B007IVNI26 Puma women shoes Soft, very light, good finished, good combination of colors, little straits in the instep of the foot. My mother recomments them for every day use.
B007IW8NJS Good Sneaker fo rthe price Lightweight and breathable. Good for indoors or light gym activity.Good cushion in heel, not overly thick. Pretty true to size where some of the other PUMA styles run small.Would recommend!
B007IW951S Good Shoes This shoe is a gift for my mom, will stay perfect and I use every day with no problems, looks good
B007IXCZZU very good The size is using my first daughter and I am very wellshe used to walkThe material is goodIt was a good buy I recommendWas the expected quality
B007J4IBEM Good Shoes Fit great for a size 12. Clean easily.
B007J5B2QU Nice Looks good, feels good. Perfect for indoors and outside on smooth pavement. It does pick up pebbles on the sole. Watch out wooden floors
B007J5B2QU Puma Silicis Nice boots!  Very light.  High quality. I was impressed with the quick delivery.  I have only had the boots for a couple of days, so time will tell.  So far, so good.
B007J5K734 Good price! I only bought these Puma shoes because the price was so low on Amazon.  I wear them occasionally but never when I have a lot of walking to do.....not that comfortable.
B007JAN9K2 I love these shoes! I just don't give it 5 stars because of the size. My size is  8 1/2, and my only complain is that every brand has different sizes, this one almost doesn't fit my feet :(Despite that, I love these shoes, good materials, excelent quality, and soo good looking! My 5 year old nephew asked me if now I can run faster hahah
B007JASSKI great product I like it this is a good shoe!Cheap and comfortable wearing.I offer it to young people who want to feel cosy !
B007JAT2EY Great for Tai Chi Chuan practice Nice shoes, look like good materials, they felt a bit tight at the begining, but after wearing them for a few trainings they feel very good. I would recomend when ordering to order half size up
B007JAT2EY It was ok The quality is very good, the zise is just my expectative, the box was in good condictions. I would by other
B007M6BCZW As expected Fit was as expected.  The overall construction of the thing appears sturdy and the blue stays reasonably well.  I get a good deal of chafing around the heel area, but it's a problem I have with most soccer cleats, so I'm more inclined to blame my own size preferences rather than Puma.  All in all, a good buy.  It could have been cheaper, but you get what you pay for in this instance.
B007M6BQXK Puma Price is Right These are a good pair of cleats.  I bought them for my 13 year old and they're working out just fine.  The price is right for these Pumas.  They look good and do the job.
B007NQ658A Good Value I was delighted with these sneakers, they are extremely lightweight and very supportive of the arch.  Good value for the money.
B007NQC2OQ I like it It is a good product. I puchase it for a gift to my niece, and she is like the stlye very much. I is fit to her foot.
B007OX25SQ I DONT NO VERY GOOD PRODUCT, FITS AND LOOKS REAL WELL. RECIEVED IT ON TIME AND IM HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE. PLUS THE PRICE WAS RIGHT
B007P1CHKS Good quality Received on time and I'm very happy with product. (Repeating order). . . . . . . . . .
B007P3OLOQ i love it Deliver fast, good product, accurate description, I love it, good wood, they r so confortable, love it, Deliver fast, good product, accurate description, I love it, good wood, they r so confortable, love it
B007P44GBI Disappointing Since this shirt has the PUMA brand I was eager to get this item to match my tracksuit. However, when I received it was disappointed to feel that the quality was not good.
B007P4M3BI cool T good fit, not faded liked the red stitching on the shirt, just looks better in hand then posted picture, overall good quality shirt
B007P4MGTC good quality My son likes it very much.  Puma always has great stuff for a reasonable price.  And of course... it looks cool.
B007P4O2LM Very Good. This jacket of M size,and suit for me.It has a right size of right code,and good looking.May be another one I will buy is PUMA too.
B007P4O2LM good for the value bought it at a pretty reasonable price. good jacket. soft and warm. size fits pretty well. happy i got a good buy
B007P4OF5A Great product !!! Great product !!!This hoodie was made with good quality, !!The sizing is correct !!No complaints about this hoodie.
B007P4OF5A Ok Very good, nice sweaters, sheltered, good material, nice color, right size, my son loves it, thanks, it was a good buy, thanks, all good
B007P4OF5A I like it The cotton has a good quality, the interior is softly and confortable, and with a cotton touch, I mean, not synthetic.
B007P4OF5A Excellent Product Very good for sporting,keep warm and secure against bad whether, this clothing is elastic and confortable for walking around.I recommend it!
B007P6F2J6 Great! Really good product, good fabric and very comfortable. pick a bigger size cause it's kind a small. I do recommended.
B007Q36ALC Great Product Good product, ease to put in especially for toddles and very simple to clear it up. I really recommend it.
B007Q36ALC excelent very good, beutiful, soft and cuality excelent. recomended all people for you baby. the price is very good, easy shopping
B007Q36ALC i love it excellent product, very good finish and brand, my son is happy to use it, I recommend this product, it is very beautiful
B007Q36U4Y awesome This was a great deal.  My kid is very happy with.  A very good price.Definitely buying again with the seller.
B007Q36U4Y Favorite shoe Puma makes a good product!  M grandson will not wear anything else.  They last and are very comfortable!  I will purchase more Puma products!
B007SI1WXQ black on white looks good like the big dial with the big alpha-numerics.good functions but I wish the timer (good additional feature) had an alarm indicating the end of the count so I didnt need to keep checking the dial.the timer repeats automatically but if you stop it you should be able to reset it to the beginning which you cant do even if you go out of the timer mode and back into it.other people seem to admire to look of the watch (maybe because it looks distinctive on an old guy) and that makes me feel like the sport I was back in high school.great value for the price (on sale).
B007SJK51K Good look Like it, but ordered a larger size. It' s good quality, very light and beautiful color. I just returned it.
B007SLGLX4 Good quality. Good fit, easy to put on and take off. Lightweight and comfortable. Looks really nice and my son loves them. He says they make him run faster. :)
B007SM2M2W super sparkly & good quality The shoes looked just as they did online except better. They are very sparkly and a good quality shoe. I am completely satisfied with my purchase!
B007SM2M2W pretty good! Love it! My daughter like the color. very nice! of course, a good deal! I wanna one more! good, good!
B007TH1UYC Very good but you should take 1 size bigger The shoes are very good for running and sports, they are very soft and flexible. Overall they are comfortable! Quality is good. However I recommend to take one or a half size bigger because the elastic stripes on the upper side are very tight.
B007TJLGB2 Good Quality Good Deal and priced right.  Lots of positive comments on the retro look.  Good Quality.  They do run a little narrow on fit.  Hopefully they will break-in and fit better.
B007UM7LU8 These are awesome-looking yellow sneakers This was a great deal, the quality of the sneakers is pretty good, best of all they LOOK awesome, and since I don't really use them for running, that's the ticket for me.  And the price was right--I have Amazon Prime, so no shipping charges.  Sweet!Thanks.
B007UZ3LC2 I like it First of all I love the material. It is very very soft. Picture on the t-shirt also is great quality. I did not expect such a good outfit. I will definitely recommend it.
B007VL4VOW Awesome shoes Perfect sizing and fit. Good Quality. I wear them all the time and they have a great fit and style.
B007WQGKQI Great The item arrived in mint condition and in a timely manner. Good buy! I would recommend theses for anyone looking for a good pair of cleats to play frisbee and softball.
B007WQGKQI My husband loved the shoes they fit him perfectly :) I rate it t 5 because they arrived at a good condition and they came as shown on the picture we love them :)
B007WQGLSK Good, but.. The cleats are all around good. Color pops, quality material. The only problem I had was the left and right shoe seemed to be too different in size. My left foot fit damn near perfect while my right foot was too narrow. The cleats are a good value, but it might be a good idea to go a half size up.
B007WQH1SY Good leather cleats for the price I own this soccer cleats for several weeks and so far I'm satisfied. As all new shoes they fit very tightly and it will take 2-3 games to adjust to your foot (as they partially made from leather). If you have too wide foot, it may take longer or they do not fit you at all. In general I like them and consider as a good purchase for the money I spent.
B007WQH1SY They work Fit is good, toe box is a bit large and would like more padding under the heel. For the price they are great.
B0080LMQ58 look good on him it was for my 11'yrs old son. he have no complain since now. So I can said this is a good running shoes for every days.
B0084D5BRM It's tight It's tighter than I expected, the quality is OK. feels good,but not of high quality. I don't like it very much
B0086FNBQ6 Good sweatpants My son wears these around the house or as pajama bottoms.  They are a good fit and comfortable, but heavy so not the best for sport activities, but perfect for getting cozy after a chilly day outside.
B0089TIZ56 Amazing styling and quality Looks better in reality than in pictures.The build quality is amazing.I highly recommend this product due to its looks and build quality.
B0089TIZDS Great! Nice product for the price! Had to do a little cleaning since it was used but this product was in very good condition and almost new.
B0089TIZDS It is big It is good for big hand .. Good looking , i bought gift for my brouther he love it :)
B0089TJ190 Good product Really good!!its like the caracteristics.. in the new box with all the labels!! the size is prefect for mens,, it is kind of big, but perfec for mens . i really like the watch!
B008A6BPJQ Good It item has de right size, color and everything. It was on time, and the price was awesome.Thanks, M
B008A6COO6 PUMA Women's Fieldsprint Shoe,Black/White/Cabaret,9 B US It is a very comfortable product, and good price.was what I expected.highly recommended widely.shipment very fast and secure.
B008A6JOWQ Good Shoe Good shoe and good fit. A bit bulky but the inside  fit was comfortable and they were nice in color as well.
B008A6JOWQ Good shoes Shoe size mark 40, but actual within 41 long, buy a little big, but because in front of the shoe is narrow, thin people wear suitable for feet, so relatively good point, next time you have to buy a smaller size, but the shoes are very comfortable, mother exercise is very good
B008A6JWU0 Perfection I really needed some good work shoes/excersize shoes and these are amazing. I do lots of walking at work and for the price of these, they're amazing. Good quality and they do run small so I ordered half a size up and they fit perfect.
B008A6KIZS good price, awful shoe I have worn these once for a 20 minute bike ride.Although the length is good, the back of them are already digging into my heels.They will cause blisters if I use them for running.Complete waste of money.
B008A6KTKC Nice looking but too tight. I ordered these hoping for a good cross-training shoe. The colors are awesome and it looks to be a good cross-trainer; however, they were so tight on my feet that I didn't bother to even try them working out and am returning them. I have average-width feet and could barely get them on.
B008A6KTKC Not the best shoe, nothing wrong with it either It's wide, which I don' love.  But the support and performance really has been good.  I workout mostly in the gym, mixing it up between cardio machines, free weights, kettle bell routines, etc so a cross trainer is best for me.  It does the trick - as with most shoes, though, buy yourself some good insoles, these feel like they're wasted already.
B008A6KTKC Good Buy Very precise, what you see is what you get in terms of style, lovely colour. The fit was a bit too close for me and the first few use was somewhat painful but now it feel good. Not a bad buy though.
B008A6KTKC the best I love my shoes, are comfortable, lightweight, perfect left me, plus they are beautiful, good quality and good priceare everything I expected
B008A6KTKC perfec shoes very good shoes for walk and sport.good,good shoes.me encantan son muy comodos y para caminar y para hacer deportes son perfectos.
B008A6KTKC Not a good fit The back of the shoe is not secure. It slips up and down. I should have returned these as it is not a good fit. I cannot work out safely in these shoes.
B008A6KTKC Good looking shoes I actually think they look better in the picture than the actual picture, but are fitting as expected and look good. I am not sure if I will purchase from this seller in the future.NA
B008A6KTKC PUMA Brand Looks good and feels good.  I like the PUMA brand as it speaks to what I need in terms of trainers.
B008A6KTKC Good Shoes A little snug. Still looks nice and classy.  If the shoe was white would look even better!  Made a good choice though.
B008A6KTKC Great athletic shoe. This shoes fits to size, has good structure and cushion insole. I was able to wear it comfortably the first day, all day. It also felt good when I did my workout and cardio. The plus to it all is the great fashion color that I have been complimented on many times!
B008A6QIV6 Puma's are solid I bought them for jogging on a treadmill. The fit was great and they are giving me the support and comfort I need. They have a good arch. They are good for casual wear, as well and go well with jeans.
B008A77PNA I like. Are excited by purchasing the product. Look good and are comfortable to wear. I consider it a very good purchase that I did.
B008AH39YE PERFECT This outfit is just adorable. Fit runs true to size. good quality. Need more colors though. She looks great wearing it along with her Puma shoes. She's stylin'.
B008AILQJI Good looks, but not very comfortable These Pumas are not as comfortable as other Pumas I've had (for instance Suede). So anyway, I think the shoes look good, but it is not very please to walk with them.
B008AILZZI Good but be careful with sizes they are Good but you need to be careful with sizes, just because i am 9D us and i have to buy a 10,5 d for they fit perfect. thy're so softly and this puma design like everythin of puma...so good
B008AJOHXO High quality Shoes I usually wear 9.5, but for this shoe I had to order 10.5 which fits perfectly. They are simply too good.
B008AJOHXO Good product, I love Puma shoes Puma shoes are made with high quality material and they fit very good on your feet. Always order one size higher than you normally wear.
B008AJYN8I Good Shoe I know what size I am in Pumas, and these are exactly as I expected them to be.  Good Value.
B008AKOFGW good product Excellente product , i liked so much, is great , and confortable shoes,and the color is the best, I recomended 100 %
B008AL2UCC They are very comfortable This shoes are very beautiful, good material, the design is excellent, wear it with whatever cloths, It was a good purchase
B008AL33QE excellent everything arrived in good condition thank you very much continue to work wellvery good shoes, practical and modern :)
B008AL36G6 EXCELEN!! I RECIVED IN GOOD CONDITIONS OLSO THE PAIR OF SHOES ARE VERY GOOD AS THE PICTURE SHOWS ME!! I RECOMMENT IT!!
B008AL36G6 The correct size This is my first time buying sneakers through internet site.I have had the satisfaction of getting a good product at the right price and most importantly, the exact size.
B008AL36G6 very good it is very good, comfortabale.it is coming very fit on my footi like it, it is so nice
B008AL3L0C good i like so much puma shoes, and because they are very comfortable shoes,with very good designs and modern too.
B008ALI936 good This product looks very cool on your feet. My only problem is that they are to big.I use 11.5 but for this i believe its about 10.5! No huge problem, i will use this anyways.
B008ALI936 Excellent I really like these shoes and it fits as expected. It is a good purchase and I will buy more
B008ALI936 Good at this price. should choose one or two size larger. As this is a narrow shoe, you should select a couple sizes larger. It is comfortable. the design is good. The material looks a little shiny, I hope it goes away after a while.
B008ALWBFS Good shoes I wear these shoes to kick hardwood flooring and usually this process blows shoes apart but the seams and overall make have held up really well over the last month! Good quality shoe for a good price....
B008ALWDZG Quality and low priced cleat that looks good Love these cleats so far. Comfortable on first wear. Very happy with the way these play. Price was best against all competitors.
B008ALWY3W good looking shoe. Husband likes it.  He does not say too much but I got that out of him!  On time, nicely wrapped.
B008ALX6SO Good Perfect i like the product good material this wath i want i love mi new shoes thanks soo much see you again
B008ALX6SO looks greats!! the size is perfect, i like the material and its safe for play soccer. and Puma always have a good prices.
B008ALX6SO Not the quality I expected from Puma... It's excellent, has a good traction, very lightweight, the size is right, the width can be easily fixed by laces. Good deal for the money!It's only been less than a month time my husband wears the soccer cleat to his games  once per week and the soles have already started coming unstuck on both cleats! That's absolutely unacceptable! It turns out I bought this pair only for 4 games. That's ridiculous! I can't buy cleats every month, they are quite pricey for such a poor quality! I don't think any more that it  was a good deal(I didn't expect that at all. Frustration!That's the reason I changed my opinion on the item
B008ALX6SO Good purchase I bought this as a gift, they are comfortable, good quality...I recommend this but a little bit smaller, buy one size +
B008ALXU2Q Good cleats for your money I like this shoes, they fit great and they are soft cosidering they are soccer cleats. good ball handling, you should order 1/2 size bigger if Puma cleats are small for you
B008AWU21W swaggerrifc shoe! Very comfortable and soft. Different design and price is very reasonable. Another good buy and it has turned my swag up a notch!
B008AWU21W Really Good I just bought this for my Brother, he just love it, they so comfortable and light weight and the material is pretty good too.
B008AWYIXU SHOE EXPERIENCED WELL WASN'T SURE HOW THEY WOULD FIT WITHOUT TRYING ON, FIT PERFECT, BUY THEM AGAIN, WOULD RECOMEND TO FRIENDS, GOOD BUY
B008AXTOQ0 Good fit and performance Great fit. Good looking runner. Well balanced for a flat contact with the ground when running. Plus they look great
B008AXTOQ0 overall good When I bought this pair of shoes the picture was deceives it wasn't bright when they took the picturesBut in real it's a little but shiny and bright which is not good for meBut overall it's goodOrder half inch largere because it sung in my feet
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoes Got these for mainly indoor use. They are very light, fit good, look cool and were a good price. They are all one piece- no tongue, like normal shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 So far so good First let me start with the fact that the delivery was right on time and the choose came in great condition without any defects. So far they feel great and look really cool, I will be using them to go to school since I go to a big school and have to do a lot of walking up an down hills. Anyways I will report in a couple of weeks to tell you how it went. But 1st impressions are good.
B008AXTOQ0 Good This show fits as expected.  Did not need to get a bigger size.  It looks really good.  The show is flexible.  Highly recommend.
B008AXTOQ0 good!! fits as expected and the quality is great. the prices was right, a bit cheaper than outlet prices. would recommend
B008AXTOQ0 The Voltaic 4 is a well designed Running sneaker This product stands up to its name, as well as looking sleek and sporty, the Puma delivers great support on the instep, great stability allowing you foot to remain secure and not swimming around, and provides good traction. a very good design.
B008AXTOQ0 good good product
B008AXTOQ0 excellent!!! excellent product, great design and comfort, the best shoes I bought, I love it.I recommend it.Good work PUMA.
B008AXTOQ0 good for the money this is a decent pair of running shoes for the money, they are head turners with people commenting on the good looks
B008AXTOQ0 Excelent I recommend the purchase. The product meets what I needed.The size is perfect and the model is very good.
B008AXTOQ0 Excellent product from PUMA!I love it Excellent shoes ,Fit like they are made for my foot.I am so excited.Quality is excellent and I will wait for Puma voltaic 5 for shore!!!
B008AXTOQ0 Look good, but too thin. Much thinner then expected, had to go with a bigger size just to make it fit for the width.  Shoe looks good though.
B008AXTOQ0 Overall Good These shoes are a good fit and I like the way they look. The only thing about them I don't like is that they do feel a bit heavy.
B008AXTOQ0 good fit but get at least a half size bigger They fit well,a little snug at first but once they were broken in they fit good.overall a good running shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA Men`s Voltaic 4 Mesh Running Shoe My size 11,it feels good.I like this product.The delivery was fast.Product quality is good.It looks like better than picture.
B008AXTOQ0 good PUMA,good Training Shoe It's the first PUMA I bought from Amazon,this pair is perfect! good quality and good looking,It fits me well just is my expect!
B008AXW9PI Light weight and fit well It looks good and fits well. I felt it is well worth of the money. I would recommend it to friends.
B008AXY38Y Good Gift This was perfect fit and will purchase more in the future...right now I'm just broke .
B008AXY38Y Excellent service and excellent product! The shoe's are amazing and the shoes arrived on time.
B008AXY38Y Shoe looks good I normally wear Nike Air Force 1s and I wear a mens 8 in those. These shoes I have to purchase in a size 9.
B008AXY38Y Good walking shoes at an excellent price Excellent pair of walking shoes. Comfortable, with good support. Bought for $40 on Amazon during a 50% off one-day special. Received two days later.
B008AXYILQ Im as fast as Usain Bolt Good Spikes but be careful, they are flemsy. But they are very good and it is worth your money. Im fast
B008AZD5ZE Pretty good shoe Actually a little surprised at how comfortable these shoes really are.  Not quite the quality of a Nike air max but the air soles are pretty good.  Pleasantly surprised especially with such a good price.
B008AZD5ZE feels good It needs to breathe.  Needs fiber mesh. Good for sprint and long distances I like the color scheme also. Thanks
B008AZEC1U good shoes Puma spyne running Great fit and good material
B008AZG59W satisfied It is a perfect fit and reasonable price can't ask for better. look forward to get more good deals and get benefited.
B008AZG59W Doesn't last long Just in 7 months time the from part where the cushion is there started to peel off.. its starting to look ugly with that tear.I expected better performance as in previous cases with nike and reebok i have been able to use them for atleast couple of years.This is my first  puma product purchase and it has disappointed me. I bought this after seeing lot of good reviews may be they are posted immediately after purchase when its shine and good.If you want long lasting performance this is not for you
B008AZG59W Good buy These shoes fit like gloves, hugging my feet but not cramping them.  They're light and very good-looking, helps me to be seen when walking in highly trafficked areas.  I use them for walking, so consider that if you're a runner.
B008AZG59W Good fit, well constructed, great price Generally I don't like to buy shoes on line, as half the time they don't fit. But these were such a bargain for a brand I previously had good luck with that I relented. They fit great: well enough not to cramp toes on downhill stretches; nice stable soles; laces adjust well to foot shape. No pinch points or hot spots.
B008AZLCBI Good shoes This shoes look very good. They are very comfortable too. I bougth an 11, and they fit somewhat adjusted so buy an extra .5 size.
B008AZLCBI Green and black Pumas Purchased for son. He says they fit well, are comfortable and have good tread.The green is not overly obnoxious.  Hoping they last a good long time.
B008B0MGQ2 Looks good online but..... Item looks great online and seems to be really good deal.  When it arrived, it was really cheapy material and gimmicky. I would pass if I were you
B008B0MGQ2 :) First at all I would like to say that is good to have the brand which I have no problem to find my size! Next would be the white ones.
B008B0MGQ2 Good product Good comfortable shoes as described good support.  I do not use for long runs.  Use more for lifting and cross training.  No problems
B008B0MGQ2 These Pumas fit as good as they look. A fair value: snug, supportive fit and just the right sole stiffness during sprints. Good trainers to rotate among during the week.**Two weeks later...The tipping point for choosing these Pumas was the good reviews. And I added one myself... As I was able to break these in I notice that these shoes have firm lateral stability, i.e. they don't turn over easily to the sides like common running shoes. So you can play tennis in them. Bonus.So I ordered another pair.
B008B0NSKU its alright I feel I have to use this shoes for while before it feels good. I guess is just a matter of time
B008B7NC2W Nice clothes This clothes are well done crafted and are mend to last a lot and experience kids beating with both good looking and quality
B008CAYJG6 lots of positive comments As soon as I saw the color, I wanted it even though it cost more than the other available colors.  Looks good and fits good.  It is a larger face on the watch than appears in the photo, but that is ok.
B008DLTRCK Fast Delivery I did need smthing fast from puma and the price was good the quality is good and it is perfect to bring as a gift
B008E5VWTG Puma THE QUALITY IS GOOD BUT LENGTH IS MUCH TOO LONG; SO, IT WILL BE NECESSARY TO HAVE THE ITEM ALTERED
B008EXQBU8 Perfect for running on dirt paths Good weight, good fit and good traction. Not crazy about the color combination but that's the direction that all current athletic shoes seem to be going.
B008EYO4TW is a good shoe is a good shoe, I'm comfortable with these shoes, except the finish on the heel, is recommended, but not the best shoe, arrived in good time and hassle very good
B008EYO4TW Good Nice shoes, good quality but too small... I own other puma shoes and I always buy this number, but somehow this model is smaller than usual.
B008EYP1K8 Good price and cute too! These are pretty good shoes. I got them for work and the 1st 2 days wearing them were fine. But the 3rd day my feet were killing me. Still think they are better than what I had. I'm glad I took the advice from what people had suggested as far as getting a half size bigger.
B008EYP1K8 I leked it in all aspects, the shoes are of very good quality and very comfortable. I think we'll keep to buying the cloths of this firm
B008F05ZMA Pretty good I wear small or medium and this was just right for small. Not to tight and not too lose. I'll try it in a rain and see how it performs but so far so good.
B008F061QO Fits good Purchased the shirt for my husband and it fit perfect size length everything highly recommend you to purchase this item.
B008F06KB0 Not very good. The shoes are kind of tight,it was not what I expected. The lace is very thin and not so good.
B008F0KUOS Fantastic! The shoes really surprised me! The shoe provides a great performance and good cushioning. It is very light and fluffy (very comfortable). Let's see how it behaves in the item durability, because in other respects is very good!The money is great!
B008F0KUOS Good Brand I love it, and I'm using right now, it fit as expected, and look forward to order more from you, So, if I will do so, hopefully you'll givediscount yeah, thanks again for this order
B008F0LPDS good sizes are very different to what I expected and it was my size but the quality is excellent  I agree
B008F16ZI2 good quality material is good as it is from Puma. Looks awesome for causal wear. The only issue is the fit...if anyone buying this item then go for one size big..I guess this is European fit. If you wear Medium then go for Large....I would recommend this item...
B008F17IK6 Perfect, comfortable! It becomes my husband's new favorite jacket. It's good as a cold weather wear. Fits well, looks great and the quality is very good.
B008F17R2K comment very good shoes, lightweight, and very comfortable, I recommend for everyday use and for exercise very very good shoes ...........
B008F17R2K Good shoes with minor issue Overall a good netural shoe that works for all around training.  The material near the top of the heel is rather stiff however and has chafed my feet a little.  No show socks are out for me if I'm wearing these, but overall a good performer.
B008F17R2K sharp look! Fit is good and like the style they could be a bit lighter but for the price not bad at all plus they look pretty sharp 2!
B008F17R2K Could be better The shoe has a good design, and with an imperfect fit it is not as good as it could be.
B008F17R2K Look Good & Feel Good I think they feel good on my feet and they also look good as well. I want to buy another pair in another color. Just don't care for what little dirt get in the back part of the shoe. I only wear them when im inside working out.
B008F17R2K Don't Bother Both shoes cracked within 1.5 months of purchase and they are uncomfortable.  Don't waste your money.  Look good online but bad product.
B008F17R2K Good shoes not great. That are comfortable shoes good for everyday use. However the high back creates a hot spot. Not good for running.  The first time i ran in them about 2-3 miles in my Achilles tendon area  was bleeding ended up having to walk back most of the way shoe less to avoid the hot spot. Gave it a second chance with higher sock with similar results.
B008F17R2K OK It's OK. But feeling a little hard at first. Not good for windy day.Overall, it's good at its price.
B008F17R2K Good quality Fit well.  Comfortable.  Good for the gym and for walking.  My husband usually buys very cheap shoes.  These were on sale, so I convinced him to spend a little more.  It was a good decision.
B008F17R2K Good Enough The product is really a  perfect fit and it came with an awesome deal. Good product and it has a good comfort too.
B008F17R2K Good value I really have no complain about this product. Now that I'm wearing my shoes to exercise every morning, I feel like I got a good value for the price I paid.
B008F17R2K very good I bought it for my husband, it fits him very well. It is the right he looks for.  Will recommend it to friends.
B008FQX29M good watch Good wristwatchBut it really does not look as pretty as the pictureIt feels faint ... Relatively good manufacturing materialsBut the problem is the numbers and color electronic screen really does not seem like the photos displayed
B008FXBPZ8 Very good quality I love this little shirt on my son, he has a lot of Puma products and I will definately buy Puma product again. I received the package on time.
B008J0VM28 Good quality jacket with subtle logos The jacket itself is of good quality, and the finishing makes it quite unique. Overall quite happy. If I wanted to be picky I would say I wish there was a bigger Mercedes or AMG logo somewhere. On the back would have been ideal.A great cool weather jacket
B008J3CJ7C Good hoodie, but thin material My daughter liked the hoodie, the sparkly picture on the front looks nice. Hovewer I expected it to be thicker material, it is quite thin. Maybe good for summer time but not a warm hoodie at all.
B008J3EGF0 Good cutting Good cutting good quality. Fit more than expected! My daughter loves it very much! I strongly recommend this to you!
B008J3F0PA good buy VVery vibrant colors good strong material great price my daughter likes it!!! So im happy with that i got a size larger and didn't need 2 tru to size!!
B008J3GD92 Very comfortable They are very comfortable. My daugher is not overly thin, but its elastic waist is good around her waist. These fit closely enough in the waist and hip to stay put without being overly tight or uncomfortable. Good quality. And we try Puma - Kids Girls 7-16 Big Core Yoga Pant. It is comfortable too.
B008KAB1X2 Amazing the quality and the shipping are very good ...its a little larger than what i expected.. usually i get for my son 3T or 4T but this one looks alittle bit bigger than 4T ... but it worth the money
B008KI3HS6 Good value and suitable for low resistance exercise. A bit low cut for my liking.  Ideal for my pilates/ cardio workouts at home.  It was good value so I can't complain.
B008KIE4FQ Great cloth I bought it as a gift from one of my best friends son, its pretty good quality and he have been using it so far without any problems.
B008PEJOKK not good not good quality for kids, it is very easy to damage if the kid use it every day in the street and play grounds. not good to use every day.
B008QXBTF8 SWEET!! Great shoes!!!! It met all my needs and is comfortable anywhere anytime!!! Absolutely recommend these shoes to anyone who wants to look good and feel good
B008QY0KMK great fit  great looking G reat looking  l get lots of compliments. I bought these pumas for comfort. Iwalk a good bit when golfing.The only thing I wish is that  the upper part of shoe heel was higher. Not enough supportSort of like my adadis shoes which have good support.  I love the puma lace system.John n.
B008QY0MWS Good fit.  Looks well made. Hope they're as sturdy as the old ones I had a long time ago.  Fit for me is consistent with the brand, which I have a few models of.  They look well made.  The good part about this brand and Adidas, which I have most of, is that they fit so well as they get worn while keeping their shape.  I hope these do the same.
B008QY0MWS Good Value Wanted an inexpensive but comfortable golf shoe. Pretty good looking as well. This is the second pair I bought (white was previously purchased). Be sure to buy 1/2 size larger than shoe size. That was a good tip from previous reviewer.
B008QY0TJO so far so good Good looking shoe. . Haven't golfed with them yet but did try them on and they r very comfortable.  Go Puma.
B008QY0TJO pums men's golf shoes Very contemporary design. Looks good. Good fit and comfortable. Great price too. Well built and design gives waterproof protection. Highly recommended.
B008QY1N9O Good shoes I tried the shoes out and they fit good.Just wish they were one size wider. Will have to wait for the seson to determine how good they are on the course.
B008QY1N9O Great Buy Looks like a gtreat buy...Now we need spring!!So I can try them out... Comfortable fit, sized right good quality shoe.
B008QY1X0S Styling,good looking, comfortable shoe. Great shoe. Fits perfectly for my big feet. Good support on the course when playing and no slipping. Feet did not hurt at all during my round and after. Looks good and just ordered another pair in a different color.
B008QY1X0S Classy with good support Serious golfers should look at these shoes,they have good support that makes pushing off to start your turn comfortable with good grip and the spikes self clean well in all types of conditions
B008QY1X0S Good shoe Fits good, looks good.  So far only used it a couple of outings.  The shoe was comfortable and gave great traction.  It stopped my back foot from sliding in my forward swing, compared to the older shoes I was wearing.
B008QY3N5Q What's not to like? I have already played a couple of rounds in these shoes. Good traction, nice-looking, VERY COMFORTABLE golf shoes at a good price.  Practically zero break-in necessary.  What's not to like?  I have recommended to friends and would buy again.
B008R9Y0V6 Great looking and good quality! These are great pair of shoes. I love this sneakers, good  quality, looking nice, very happy with this purchase.I'm completely satisfied with this product.
B008RAGKBS Looking Good! I bought 1/2 size up, because I always buy 1/2 size up in running shoes, and it fits well in length.  Although a little tight at the beginning, it has given and now they fit very well.  They look good too.  I paid $35.  I say: Good deal!
B008RAZL0Y Every thing worked out very good The shoe was what I wanted and it go to me on good time. It looks great and feels great. I would recommend it.
B008RLY7NK Good Shoes The fit was very comfortable. The colors were a nice and fun. Overall it was a good choice for a golf shoe.
B008UR99TI tee wish the tee was a softer cotton, but still a good tee! you could even say it's good for girls too with the leopard print :)
B008VQ01M2 Very Good It fits pretty well, I ordered a smaller size since Puma is always smaller. Its really confortable. I do recomend
B008VQOGQ4 Look and fit very well I usually buy shoes sized 8.5 and these fit perfectly. Very good quality, look exactly like on the picture (Teaberry Red color) delivery is fast. Soft, comfy, easy to slip in. Leather is of a great quality.
B008VT3L4O Very good price. Quality as expected. I am very happy with these new football (Soccer) boots. Would buy again. Hopefully these will last a long time.
B008VUJBLA Disapointed The quility is good but the size is really to big but apart from that it's a good buy and good brand
B008VV0TJ2 good! So comfortable shoes, it is worth it!Light and good-looking! Children also like!Wear is really beautiful!Later will come again!Puma shoes model is especially suitable for my kids!
B008X04NE8 Three Stars look good but it's wrong size for my son.
B0091Q2UEI Perfect Excellent fit very good style sport and casual I like the colors my kid love I recommend to everybody ok
B0097YIMVO Same as seen. Great quality I ordered a large accidentally instead of a small. I still use it because it's comfortable, lightweight and the quality is good. It is exactly as it appears online. I love it and would recommend it to other buyers, just make sure and get your correct size! Lol
B0098IBSTM comfortable, eye-catching Colorful, comfortable, eye-catching, and good quality.
B0098IBSTM So,so They look good. Bout not that good may next time I get nikes or Adidas , it seems like plastic want me to put some more
B0098IBSU6 Good shoes Good shoes for the price. Fit a bit smaller than normal. Over all, I would recommend them to friends and family
B0099MPV2C Great, But Too Big First I have to say that the product looks and feels amazing. The quality that it is made out of is really good. The only problem is that it fits too big. The sleeves are really long, if you are a large I would recommend a medium and so on.
B009CMXODM good looking watch Well it really looks good and seems to be nice for a sports day, another buyer said that it is a bit uncomfortable which is tru, but, what can you expect for the price? I love it anyways
B009FD2LM8 Good review Great product great price. As expected. shipped fast.Pro: good brand that last longCons: can be a little expensive but worth the investment.
B009FD2LM8 Good I ordered this shoes and this was that I expected, this look like the picture, at the firts time this was a little hard, but later was smooth to use.
B009FD2LM8 congratulations Excellent the shoes are extraordinary, good like. Very good, are shoes nice. I will Cheeked your Web site viewing deals possible.
B009FD2LM8 Very Good... Magnific... Very happy with the purchase.Very comfortable;Modern;I received the product in perfect condition and very fast.Versatile product because while it is sporty myth fits well with casual clothes.
B009FDPVRK A very convenient product. I am satisfied with the product. Size corresponds reached in a short time are very comfortable and easy. Very good.
B009FDR416 Puma The shoe is great, used it few time already don't feel no pain on my toe's. It's a very good product.
B009FDR416 Good Quality Sneaker If you like Puma shoes, and know what is your Puma shoe size, you cannot go wrong with this one. Stylish, and good for every day use. Does not seem to be good for running, but I don't run anyway.
B009FDR416 Confortable I love Puma shoes, and these ones are very confortable and very light as well. They are very good for long walks
B009FDR416 Just what I expected Just as expected, are excellent shoes buy two pairs one for me and one for my wife both are very good
B009FE7XMA Good shoes Happy with purchase. Good fit and quality. In process of breaking them in to be used on a vacation involving a lot of walking. Hoping they hold up well.
B009FEBLPK Not a good fit! no padding and acr support. Not a good every day shoe. yuor feet will hurt at the end of day. I do plan on returning them.Thank youSincerely, Randy H.
B009FLISB8 good shoes great product really like it and i also recommend it to other users they will  not regret it either ! star!
B009FM4BCW Good shoe Great quality,  good arch support,  fabric is strong,  doesn't feel or fit sloppy. I would recommend to anyone. Thanks good day
B009FM4GK4 SO GOOD PRODUCT! GOOD PRODUCT AND QUALITY, NOT SO FAIR WITH SIZES, BUT ALSO AGREE COMPARED TO OTHER BRANDS.ONE TO TEN, EIGHT FOR ME.
B009FM4GK4 Good Every-Day Shoe It's comfortable and good for people with very wide feet if you buy a size up.  As opposed to the suede options from Puma, the canvas shoes can handle more wear and tear, and the Puma S's have thicker soles than the Clydes.They'll last about a year with constant use.
B009FM64EK Good model, but somewhere small unfortunately I bought this model 45 Eur size, but in fact sneakers were slightly smaller, so my feet are suffering from distress, especially at the end of the working day. Tried to break in them, but within a month the situation has not improved. However, it is worth saying that the material is very high quality and sturdy, fairly easy to clean, so a very good thing. I recommend!
B009FMRLQU Shoes Good product, is to imagine because it speaks of Puma. But exceeded expectations because two largest sizes I came. three stars
B009FN614C love them They fit really good, but sometimes it makes my feet toes hurt a little, I still really like them. Good price! Good product!
B009FN614C Good We all know that PUMA is one of the best brand in shoes and i tell you what this shoes are good quality and style, but as if you can notice most of the item here is MADE of China.. but i hope this shoe will last atleast a year
B009FN614C fit perfect It was a good buy, the lenght and height was good and its comfortable, and puma is a good brand
B009FN614C Good I love my shoes, they are like the picture. They are really high quality. They are the correct size and came on time
B009FN614C lovely shoes very good quality, so beautiful, all as described.  in person they look better. Look great too!  Satisfied with purchase. They are SOOOOO comfortable.
B009FN614C good the quality is very good and i got it early than i think. so happy to got it . thanks so much
B009FN614C A good fit I wear a size 9.5.  This was a comfortable fit.  Easy to walk in and looks good. Most of  all easy to put on.
B009FN6NRW Good Quality Shoe The shoe itself is of good quality, very light weight, vibrant colors, and has good support. I gave a four start rating only because I was unaware of the sizing for these shoes. They are a slender shoe which is uncomfortable for a person who has wide feet.
B009G1T5YG Good shoe I was looking for new cross-training shoes and came upon these. So far I am happy with them. They fit a little big, but that is not a problem for me. I am an armature runner, so to me the support is good and the cushion is good too.
B009G1T5YG Like walking on air :) I bought them because i need good shoes for walking because of my back and joint pains. They fit well and it feels like walking on air. I love them! They also look good
B009HWGD08 good fit just what I expected, guess it was just dumb luck that these worked out for size and fabric. would get these again.
B009KBRXR8 look good Fast shipping they look good she has not used them yet they are for school will update if they turn out that they suck but they look nice
B009KTLR6I My Son's Favorite Shoes Okay so my 6 year old is a PUMA fanatic...we went to the actual PUMA store in the mall and they have good sales (sometimes). Finding these on Amazon was a steal and he LOVES these shoes. The fit is good and they are lightweight - definitely good for the summer. I've thrown them in the washing machine (he wore them to the rodeo) and they were as good as new (again). PUMA is a brand I trust and as long as my son is happy, I am happy. Great shoe, great price, adding more in my shopping cart.
B009KTLR6I PUMA Future Cat shoes excelent this shoes is a quality product, I was given like this in the description and also I came in good condition, I have tested and works perfectly, I recommend it 100%
B009KTOEDG good quality These shoes are good quality and exactly what I was looking for in a shoe for school (inside shoe) Puma is a good brand and the price was reasonable
B009KUEOFS Ok product. It is not as soft as I had hoped. My daughter does not want to put it on most of the time. But it does look good.
B009KUH0CC perfect and good quality perfect price and quality
B009LA8GFG i am pleased with my purchase, i am looking forward  to purchase more in different colors. i would recommend this products to my friends and family, good quality and a comfortable fit.Great job keep it up.
B009LACZ30 good to have i like how it fit. the fabric is good not etching. not expensive. i would recommend others to buy it.
B009LACZ30 Good quality T-shirt. 15 year-old liked it for the old-school brand logo and design.Paid for it himself.  He is pleased with it.
B009LATZ3I Decent qualify and value-for-money For this price, the fit and quality of the shirt is pretty good! Among the other shirts I bought, this one came out tops due the quality if its cloth.
B009LAV6TO good quality- It looks better on my husband (who has ... Very soft, good quality- It looks better on my husband (who has a longer torso than I do). Too bad Luis Suarez was ejected, what am I going to do with a freaking Uruguay shirt now??
B009LAW850 in a good way, very strinking got complimented by it!
B009MNYG1U Very good! excellent just the color I wanted, fits me very well, are soft to walk definitely recommend them to me and would buy another in different color
B009MNZO3O Yay it's lovely good shoes. I like them a lot. They fit well. They help with walking. I have them in two colors.
B009P4223K Worth buying It's just the right size, is really very good gifts to give to friends, I think I will buy again!
B009SD2936 Good slip-on Nice shoe. Good look. The sole is a bit hard at first, but it breaks in pretty nicely. Like the rubber strap a lot. Good slip-on to have.
B009STI9NO Puma is always good. I needed a pair of running shoe and this are exactly that i need, good product, i am very grateful
B009STI9NO Good Product Good Product, with good price!!! I just hate that i didn't buy two pairs when it's on $30. looks much better than on pictures.
B009STI9NO Men's Puma shoes They were a bit to tight. All and all they were a good bargin for the price. I would recommend them to others.
B009STNEF2 I love the color The fit is a little small, but the price was good. During time they will most likely stretch out and feel better.
B009STS060 the shoe is good flat, light, comfortable, very breathable, does not run small, great for an experienced runner, the color matches the picture, good price
B009SVMOCO good shoes it fits good. as we expected. fullfill what we want...good choice and good design. four poni cero qualification for me
B009SVMOCO Nice shoes Look good, feel good, and were a great price when I ordered. Proper good shoes.Haven't used them for long, but I can't say nothing bad now. Maybe it'll change in the next months.
B009T3VXG4 so cute Adorable! exactly what i expected. shipping was VERY fast. great price for the brand and good quality. Highly recommend if you have a little stud to dress
B009XFYR0C Good quality I love the cloth and texture of the shirt, fits my son perfectly. The shirt is flowy and good for sporty kids. helps cools off quick. Very good quality
B009XG0UUM great Love this jacket!  Fits right and is of good quality.  I would order the same product again when this size is too small.
B009XG1GM8 Good! This T shirt is good.Much better than the fully synthetic ones.Size is good 4t fits for the weight of around 18Kgs!
B009ZRIJ0C Puma Very good product like it a lot and it fits very well good product and very good price would recommend it.
B00A0HDGAO Kids love it. My 7 and 8 years old boys love it, good quality construction, you will not be disappointed. Very good soccer cleats.
B00A0HEKYK Very good quality This is a great shoe. Well made and confortable. The sole is made of good rubber. The only complaint that I can imagine is for the sole. I think needs to be more thicker since kids can wear it down very easily. I recommend it all the way.
B00A0HFT2W Surprisingly durable Good quality and very durable - more so than I expected - My son has played a season and a half in these and he loves them. Only reason I am replacing them for him is that he continues to grow at a rate that is alarming! I would highly recommend these cleats they represent good value for money.
B00AAKJHFY It is really a favorite outfit. It is really a favorite outfit.Size is good.The design is cool like that.It is also good blend of pink and yellow.
B00AAKNW50 Excellent purchase This set was perfect for sunny days.  The size came right!.  It was more than what I expected and really good price.
B00AANI3NS good i love it ,yes its somewhat large but i will use it , i like the colour and the model
B00AAZPLOK Nice PUma shirt Fits well and looks good, OK material and cut as well. Good color contrast and shades as well. I recommend it.
B00AAZPNYS Good quality shorts Good quality shorts for my 4 year old. They wash well, do not fade and fit well.
B00AB2N07M very good for the price excellent sunglasses for its price, so I advised my friends to buy it.however the frame built quality look fantastic and comfortable.
B00AFPN4NA too small This product is too small. It is not good. Actually the jacket is small but the pants have a good size.
B00AI1Z2G8 good confortable
B00AI1Z2G8 Great golf shoes Great shoe. Light weight comfortable and good grip. Glad I got these. Couldn't be happier. They also look really good
B00AKDMKIC Perfect The fit is true to size, quality is good, washed and dried in the dryer with no shrinkage. I have two of these.
B00AKDOYYK Product as Advertised Great fit. Don't wear colored underwear with them unless you want to show it off to everyone. Overall good product
B00AKDOYYK it's comfortable the product is good, just a little bit small for me .and the material is good also comfortable. its good shopping experience
B00AKQH8CC Cool v-neck This is definitely one of my best tees. I'm 5' 7" and 160 lbs, a Medium is a super fit on me, Not had luck on Puma sneakers though, but this shirt from them gives me hope on online shopping again. I bought a RED. It looks good, it feels good. thanks
B00AKUCU7G Well made, fits well. It's a very well made product, fits just well and does the job good. I have recorded it to others.
B00AKUCU7G it's ok. it's fit me, but doesn't like very much. the price is very good. just wear it  for exercise and travel.
B00ANJ24IY Son's favorite jacket He recently told me red was his new favorite color and he loves cars so this was perfect find. The fit is great and the details are good, without being gaudy. It is a bit thin for a hooded sweatshirt, but the materials are high quality cotton blend, not the polyester of many of todays Puma jackets and track suits. We got a pretty good deal but it was still a bit pricy.
B00AOATXAO Very impressed The shoes fit good. Ordered from finish line but got only one shoe! Disappointing. Then found on amazon. Same price
B00AOBD728 product summary the fit of the shoes is good and the colour of it is vibrant, so overall it is pretty good
B00AOBEVTQ Colorful and comfortable. Purchased these for my daughter who needed a good pair of basketball shoes for the temporary mid-winder court games.  These not only fit her perfectly, but look quite good.  She tells me they are quite comfortable and has now worn them as a fashion statement after basketball ended.
B00AOCAP9A Good lightweight shoes These were exactly as expected for Puma's. Lightweight, comfortable, flexible but supportive, good traction, and attractive. And one word more to make me able to post this. phht.
B00AOCAP9A Good! Just as what I have expected it to be! And It fit just fine.  It was really a good deal!
B00AOD2OQ6 Good Quality and is holding up well. Purchased the shoe @ about $40. Usual Puma quality, very good. Fit is excellent for my foot, I run a little narrow.Use the Cabana as a gym shoe.
B00AOD2OQ6 good quality ...nice look, a bit snug but fits well, exceeds expectations for the price paid.I would definitely recommend them.=)
B00AOD2OQ6 Very comfortable shoes to wear Fast delivery, and good price. It's light and comfortable. Good for summer to wear... I like its color and quality....
B00AOD2OQ6 i like it Looks good. Very light . Fit as should. If u like these colors u will not be disapointment. Shoes with claw
B00AOD3U8W A Little Long. But Still Great Everything Thing Else Was Good. These shoes are too dope!!! It's A must for sneakerheads.Too Sweet. 2 Thumbs ups. Good
B00AOD4TAA Comfortable and stylish No complaints.Loving the shoe, turn alot of heads when I wear them. Really got my money worth, definetly a good buy for a good look.
B00AOD8YMO Comfortable, affordable, and good looking! This shoe is very comfortable, and super lightweight. The cushion is soft but also supportive, and the heel weld is quite snug (in a good way). The color is super vibrant, and really does glow in the daytime.
B00AODTEZA Puma This shoe fits perfectly.  Very comfortable, has good support.  I love the coloring of yellow fading into black.  Good value.
B00AODVKJI 5 stars! good shoes  for running and look good
B00AODW9HA Confortable, Good looking & Afforable I am loving these shoes. I already bought about 5 different pair and they last, they look good and do the job.They also fit perfectly.
B00AODW9HA Good shoe. Good fit and solid design.  Fit slightly snug at first but broke right in after wearing them for one day.
B00AODW9HA Really it looks good Really it looks good, For first use i feel comfortable and  I would like to get one more in the future.
B00AODW9HA Very good overall I have to keep my shoes in good condition otherwise me knees wont let me walk very much. So time for a new pair and after much deliberation settled for these. They fit well and are very comfortable as I wear them to work so after 8 hours on my feet I would feel them. I barely know that I'm wearing them at all and the look pretty nice too.
B00AODZANA Tighter fit than other Puma's, even though I always buy a size up. Narrower. Good support and comfy sole though. Good shoe.
B00AOE059S Great value for price I didn't pay alot for my pair since the color was on a good sale. I didn't really expect much for the price. But they are very comfortable for use on sidewalk. They do seem to fit tight the first couple minutes if you are not used to pumas. I have a size 13 foot and usually wear skate shoes since my feet are wide. But once you break them in a couple minutes they work good. They have not hurt my feet after use. Very happy for the price.
B00AOE059S I just want to say........love it I really like them and i definitely recommend them. The color and the quality of these shoes runners are very good.
B00AOE059S Osu Lightweight and easy to wear. This product wraps well around the foot and is both durable and flexible. Good shoe.
B00AOE059S As expected The shoe fit well, looked well and feels well. it arrived on time.  The color I viewed on line was fairly accurate.  A good purchase.
B00AOE0H0K very fast At the same rate as if the light has arrived.You are the best.good!~~~~very good very good good
B00AOH0UKO Very Poor Quality I was expecting it to be of good quality but it is not.Stitching came off! Fabric lost its grace just after one wash!Will never buy fully synthetic again!
B00AOMYC2Q lood good Soft and look good.
B00AOMZH1Q Good This product met my expectations and was good quality and a good price. No complaints, I felt like I got a good deal. Order a size larger though.
B00AOMZH1Q Fitting is not good Fitting is not good..slightly thight..i cant recomend to a friend..design is nice except for fitting... I hope i can return the shoes
B00AOMZH1Q The shoe is same as shown when was on portal. Fitting is also good The shoe is same as shown when was on portal. Fitting is also good. Look is also good. Thanks you
B00AONUMYW Good product Everything was as expected, the color, the size, the time everything good, puma is the best than any one else.
B00AONV17Y good shoes Just like the pictures in the PageThis puma shoes  are great for Day use,  and for walking,  really good materials and design
B00AONVA52 Good Product! Nice Product and is a solid shoe with good performance for daily wear! When I did get it, it had a few stains on the shoe which are not removable but did not bother me to much, but overall product is good!
B00AONVVMO Size Up I'm familiar w/ Puma shoes in this style so I know to order large for a good fit.  I normally wear 9.5-10 but in this shoe I ordered a 10.5 and it fits good.  Otherwise good shoe.
B00AONW9JS Good shoes, I will continue to buy Shoes look good feel good... A little tight but I like them.. I will buy a half size bigger next time.
B00AONW9JS Good shoes THis shoes is a gift for my son. I like. The finished is good but is sinthetic. The price not is low. I recomenden.
B00AONW9JS Look good. But there is no sole to speak of ... Look good. But there is no sole to speak of so my pants leg ride lower to the floor. But they look good.
B00AONW9JS good buy Firstly you need to know your shoe size when buying I wear size 9 fits perfect. great buy good package
B00AONWP6U no good no good shoes to small 1 star is good model i like for wokin and is to small sorry amigos
B00AOOH730 not a shoe for the flat feet person i love these shoes the quality looks amazing they are realy good made. BUT there not for people with flat feet problem, had to sell them after all
B00AOOK2OG Good price but the size posted on the sneaker incorrect For the price is good but the size hundred percent som thing is wrong but any way is very good quality  for the price
B00AOOK2OG PUMA shoes The shoes are excellent. they are as good as I expected. For that reason I recommend the product. I feel satisfied.
B00AOOLDO4 Look good Look good if you are standing around, but tight, I probably wont get Pumas ever again.  They come with fatty laces, which again, look cool but are not practical.
B00AOOZY9E Good shoes Good looking, Lots of cushion. Only bad side is they rub against my heel but that happens with most shoes I wear.
B00AOQ75LM good Excellent purchase and the product I come in ideal conditions, bad only one was that pedi the wrong height, but there is no problem
B00AORB3DW Nice all around Boots fit as advertised.  They seem like good quality boots, especially for the cost.  The seller's service was quick and as advertised.
B00AORB3DW Good Light Cleats They are pretty well made. Good fit around the ankle even with chin guards and soccer socks. Helped my game (or at lease I think so) material is a little plastic feeling. guess I will find out with time how they hold up
B00AORB3DW sizing fits a little small. scatches easy.. looks just as it appears. has a very good feel and is very comfortable
B00AORB3DW Light cheaper so good So light , it's like you play without shoes  and for the price excellent choice, better than I expect. Love it
B00AORB3DW Good value quality cleats for the price (35 with two day shipping).  Size 10 fit perfect (normally wear a 10.5 depending on brand)
B00AQ1HX1C awesome shirt This shirt fits nicely and didn't shrink at all when washed. It is of good quality and i like the simple design.
B00AQ1HX1C Very good Very good shirt fit as expected and well done product
B00AV6PQE8 so nice good quality, looks very good and fits as expected. everyone liked it and the price was unbelievable. thank you very much
B00AWXMN6O Quality t-shirt, I would buy again. Good quality t-shirt. Fit is correct not much more to say than its a good t-shirt. Try to get it for under $15 and you got yourself a great deal. I purchased it from amazon & shipped prime.
B00AWXMN6O I love it good looking shirt
B00AWYQ78I so so It is a good product, but when I received was not what I expected: a lot up in the part of the waist, the size is correct one, but is a little uncomfortable, a bag is made in the part of the belly.
B00AWYUWR0 Excellent jkt Excellent manufacturing without any detail.  Very strong, good zipper, color and size according to ad description.  I recommend this product widely
B00AY65V1I not worthy the price considering for sports use only , not so good. I have not tried it on trail yet but will do.
B00AY65V1I Good shoe I bought this shoe during the thanksgiving shopping deals. It looks good but It was small for me. I recommend these for those who want some good looking running shoes.
B00AY6NZDE good shoes Great shoes for the price. I like the quality, they are comfortable and look good. They also fit very well.
B00AYBQOGO Good it's for my daughter,the color is her favorite ,and the size is fit. it's suitable for sports!so she like it
B00B1OWXOA Good shirt The t-shirt is just fine and well priced for being a name brand. No complaints about the product at all.
B00B4NLJA2 Very good!! excellent product, very good fabric, I'm perfect for my son, he looks gorgeous!!, I recommend it for all children especially to the park
B00B4ZZWJE A very good indoor soccer shoe They fit as expected, my boy likes playing with them, he states he has a very good feel of the ball, that they feel very comfortable. Only bad thing is that they are not real leather, but that is a minor issue for us.
B00B5013PK Awesome shoes Would recommend but a little expensive for a shoe not sure worth the price. So good luck shopping for soccer cleats
B00B532Q26 The quality is very good, but too big, The quality is very good, but too big,One more year to kids wear.
B00B5KZACC very happy with this product, my son and I liked it a lot too. good quality as what I imagined and hoped. thanks very happy with this product, my nephew and I liked it a lot too. good quality as what I imagined and hoped. thanks
B00B5L0ANK Very good product but the sole did not hold up as well as other PUMAS. Very good product but the sole did not hold up as well as other PUMAS.  The sole seperated after 3 months of heavy wear which is unexpected because the other PUMAS I bought for my son held up great until he grew out of them. The little black part on the bottom by the toe separated from the white part. Also I would recommend spraying with a water repellent initially as it is very difficult to clean the sude.
B00B5W0FHK I like a lot. The tennis shoes is very good, beautiful e some confortable. The system hold is also very good too and my daugther loved it.
B00B5W0FHK These are good shoes I loooove them These are good shoes I loooove them!!! My one gripe is the color my daughter can definitely use some black and pink howver I knew the color when I purchased these.. I love how puma's look and she enjoy the way they feel...low cost option for growing little feet:)
B00B5W0FHK good quality My son really loves these shoes, and they look really cute on him. The quality is good and a great price
B00B5W0FHK i like I liked the article is not of high quality but good article, will stay perfect, and my son to see him charm thanks
B00B5WJRZ6 So good So good, these sports shoes are very beatiful like made for designer. I recommend this item. Good good good good
B00B6PVGQ0 Good quality My husband runs and is always looking for a good sock. These are so well made. Thick and supportive, without being bulky or hot.He loves them.
B00B7LUG00 Could not be happier If I had known I could get such a high quality shoe for such a good price, I would have looked for these months ago. They fit well, felt good when running and with crossfit. Overall, I'm very happy
B00B7LUG00 perfect once again! Picked these up for a good price and couldn't be happier. I'm a size 13 and they fit like a glove. My love for Puma shoes continues to grow. :)
B00B7LUG00 Perfect It is a perfect shoes. I liked it from the picture of the site, but in reality it is much better. fits as expected, very smooth and good feeling.
B00B7LUG00 Perfect for my needs Excellent product - fits great - is light but sturdy and even looks good. First time I have bought Puma brand and am very satisfied
B00B7LUG00 I love this Fit perfect, is very comfortable the  color is beautiful .Very good deal , the price is excellent .I encourage the people to by this !!!!
B00B7LUYFC very good cushion for walking & light Very good cushion from heal to toe. Definitely has a unique cushioning system. Great for walking fast a lot. Has good grip too & I work on very smooth concrete often.Light, breathable. Not sure if this is the best for standing in one position & on concrete however.
B00B7LUYFC Good value Shoe has good cushioning and is great for walking, light jogging, or working out. Has a unique sole that actually seems to give you some propulsion. It's insole is glued in so if you want to put in your own it may be hard to get out. Fit is fairly true to size but if you are between sizes I would go up.
B00B7LUYFC good for the price. This sho e was a little Narrow and snug.but still a real good buy for the price. I like puma products tho
B00B7LVTOC Good buy One of the best purchase ever! It was a good buy for less than $30. But as soon as I was done with my order, the price went up close to $60! Good thing, I got the correct size. This is the kind of puma shoe I like most because of its style. I will buy this again.
B00B7LY4HQ Fit runs small or my foot grew Too small and I didn't like the silver sparkly mesh.. I thought they were mostly black/ purple..:( Good quality shoe just wish it fit..
B00B7LY4HQ Were not as I expected. I expected these to be as good as the pair of Puma's I have.  They were no where near as I expected.  I returned them for credit.
B00B9Q17W4 Good quality Very satisfied with the product, cotton, colors stay good after repetitive washing and it is light and comfortable for playing.
B00B9QGDKU VERY GOOD BUY IT FOR MY SON AND REALLY LOVED, WE RECOMMEND PERFECT FIT AND HAS THE IDEAL SIZE, MATERIAL IS OF GOOD QUALITY IS COOL AND PERFECT FOR THE WARM WEATHER
B00B9U4Z42 I love I liked it from its packaging to the lenses of very good quality and a very cool color I recommend
B00BAO96TG On time delivery Pros: Good product with fair price point. Delivery on time! Hope it can run long enough!Cons: size too big. Maybe it's better for man.
B00BAO98AI Would buy again! The watch is of good quality and is exactly what I expected. The only con I can say is that be careful with the white getting dirty but I knew that going it.
B00BAXWTT6 just right Always buy puma for my kids due to the perfect fit. Looks good and has great quality. They are always passed on as new to yoinger cousins.
B00BAXWTT6 Good quality Like it more beautiful than the picture ... Not expensive ... It was a gift for my friend son .. He like it soo much
B00BBVEGG6 awsome This product is good , bt 6.5 is a bit small size for me I think 7 is good for me, otherwise it is very comfortable and stylish shoes.
B00BCI9BPE Good It's good. For a size large its kinda looks like Medium. But I'm glade I got it large . :)
B00BEEKP74 My grandson loves it! Good quality good fit nice color and will last  long time. You won't be disappointed with this t shirt. V.
B00BF70ARK Excellent quality As always there is no mistake choosing Puma products for my little girl... the product quality and price is amazing! the size is correct for my 18 months daughter.
B00BS9LAE2 SOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD excellent material, good quality, I like the design.only buy three pairs but buy it all, the highly ... EXCELLENT PRODUCT
B00BVYTZLO they fit perfectly it fit perfectly, good for any activity, with tennis shoes or just around the house. overall great product and price.
B00BY0KD8E Good looking and comfortable These Puma's are very good looking and comfortable. Clean up nicely and are well made.If your into Neon....just change the laces and they become cooler!
B00BYGW8NG GOOD QUALITY THESE ARE GOOD QUALITY SOCKS, AND THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE. I WOULD BUY MORE, BUT THEY WILL LAST AWHILE, SO NO WORRIES FOR A GOOD WHILE.
B00BYLY0MS GREAT FOR TENNIS i like puma cloth, especially for kids to play tennis. quality good, price is cheapper than tennis cloth.would recommend everybody
B00C1LN7ME Nice for the price Very good shoes for 45$,i have the same model in black and yellow flash and she is confortable,good for walk on street or go in the gym!
B00C5UN1C2 The fit was just right The shoe is a good fit, and I'm very satisfied.
B00C5UPFPS Decent Seamed like good shoes, just weren't for me. Returned them soon after I got them because I ordered the wrong size.
B00C699NTC Good shoe These are good, solid pumas. The material stays pretty clean and they go with almost everything. I recommend going up 1/2 size.
B00C6BOILS Looks really good, shreds your ankle the first few times The back of these shoes are really hard leather, so they will bloody your Achilles if you're as stupid as me and wear them all day on the firs day. Definitely need to break them in slowly, but they look really good as a slightly more than casual sneaker...
B00C6BOILS good customer service The product came in on time and was priced well. Just wish the quality was a tad bit better. But all in all still well.
B00C6BPP10 Your Standard Pumas Just what you would expect.  Clean simple style, slightly snug fit, and average comfort.  Nothing stupendous here, just a good shoe at a good price.
B00C6BUJDY Superb Wedges! I selected that color and style because I'm not tall, I love medium hills, do some travel around the world making a lots of photos and I like to look good and interesting on my pictures. Recently I've bought a lite and short neon yellow\lemon raincoat and considered to find matching and comfortable pair of walking wedge shoes or boots. To my surprise I found them here! I've paid the attention to many positive reviews about this product and decided to order. Following to previous advises of some customers I ordered not my size (which is 6.5) but 7.5 - and it was a good choice! They fit me well, very soft inside and so-o-o comfortable!!! Shoes look amazing - shape, combination of colors, prints... 2 pairs (different colors) of shoe-laces. Easy to put on and take off. And the price! Very cheap for this quality of footwear.  Inspired with this purchase I decided to buy similar pair of PUMA sneakers in gold leather. Unfortunately, I couldn't buy them here - some restriction have been applied to this particular product for Australian residents. I've bought it in E-bay.My recommendations: buy them if you like bright colors and combine with similar color of clothes. They look good with tee+shorts, mini skirts or sport style short dress (tunic). Use some accessories in neon colors - a bag, a headband, a watch - this things are in shops now!
B00C6EVI7M and it looks soooooo good! I love it bought this for myself, fits perfectly! and it looks soooooo good! I  love it!
B00C6EW87G Good buy good looks Athletic wife loves this shoe for working out in the gym. Very light, comfortable and good grip! Doesrun slightly small so take that into consideration.
B00C6F6WX6 Good its good. fits as expected. colour is as shown. comes with two different colour laces. very easy to walk in.
B00C6F6WX6 Good fit and gets compliments I wear an 8.5 in a dress shoe and ordered a 9.5 for this shoe.  it's a good fit and seems well made.  Shoes are being used for casual wear at home and on shopping trips.  I like Pumas.  Good shoes.
B00C70PMOU doubt to buy this product Need help buying this product! my son is 3 and not carving will remain good! I would like not to get the set and it can last for another year! that would be the perfect size for a child age 3?
B00C70VXMU Great material-- long lasting I bought this when my son was a little over 1 year old.  Needless to say, it was way too big for him at the time.  Since then he has worn it many times and even after so many washes the material feels very good and he looks so good!  Quality zipper, material, and overall fit.
B00C70VXMU Very Good I like it good quality and nice to wear good, good i advice to everybody if have expectations to buy
B00C70VXMU What you see if what you get! No surprises with the set!  Nice quality and color is good.  Got this for a little boy with blue eyes - thought the blue top would look good!  He wore it the day he got it!
B00C72I5K6 Good product All of my boys were brought up in puma clothing, so I purchased these for my grandson for his birthday.  Good quality and fit.
B00C72I5K6 GREAT SHORTS BOUGHT THESE FOR WRESTLING ONLINE SINCE SHORTS ARE OUT OF SEASON RIGHT NOW. GOOD QUALITY. AND FIT LIKE OTHER SIZE 4 CLOTHES
B00C7GKY06 Good quality, good colors, good fit I am very satisfied with this puma track set.  It fits as expected, and the colors look nice.  I would purchase more.
B00C7GKY06 Great! Good looking, good quality.Size just little bit larger than I expected.Very beautiful colors. Materials: 100% Polyester.I can recommend it for your child
B00C7L2S0U Good product Buy this item for my daughter, the product is of good quality, the material of the product is good, buy a size 5 and will stay as expected, purchasing other products of puma for my daughter.
B00C7OL420 I am very satisfied. my son that 3years old fits good.price is good toovery satisfied.but delivery system is too late...  um..
B00C7VDWJQ Got the puma metal hoody in black I loved the product fits really nice and very good quality. Price was also good compare to what Macy's was asking in the department store.
B00C7VHPY4 i like it its warm. seems good, and feels great. recommended for u guys. good for winter tho I'm in california. careful when wash.
B00C7VHPY4 Good fit, great quality, stylish, warm hood liner Good fit, great quality, stylish, affordable, warm hood liner, good quality zipper, use it for outdoors jogging in NYC, month of December cold.
B00C7VHPY4 Very good hoodie Super comfortable and warm - this exceeded my expectations. Has good weight to it, feels like a quality sweatshirt and looks good too.
B00C7VHPY4 Good Buy I got this for my boyfriend. The inside of the jacket is extremely soft! He likes the fit and style. I like how cozy it is when we cuddle. Good buy. Good price.
B00C9CRQCW Thanks puma Good product and my wife it's happy with the animal print design Could be shipper and may be We can get more than one
B00C9IYCWI not good enough it looks good when I just bought it but after I washed it, it changed and became like if I had it for many years.
B00C9KJUH8 great Good, very loving, fabric is also good, my wife feel very appropriate, this is a great clothes. Thank you very much
B00CAK38DY Nice shoes Good fit but maybe next time ill get a half size larger due to wider foot but they fit good
B00CAK38DY Good product I very thought this product was well worth the money spent on it. It was somewhat small but just getting adjusted to the new shoes.
B00CAK5SHS A good pair of trail shoes at a good price So far these shoes have performed really well.  The tread design seems to give me really good traction in off road conditions.  There is a good amount of cushioning in the heal.  I'm a fairly serious trail runner and so far I like these better than other trail shoes that I own from asics and new balance.  My only criticism at this point is that the laces are a kinda ugly green color.
B00CAK9ABI Good Very GoodMy husband very like it. He say it very comfortable.I am glad he like this shoes  .
B00CAK9ABI Cheap, good things Shoe is very good and fit.  My husband liked it.good things, the price is very affordable.The packing is OK
B00CAKANUA Good I like it .
B00CE6P0H6 love it love it!!!!! it arrived at the planned time!!! the material is very good quality. the color is just like the picture.my only point is that the pockets at the sides are so small to fit anything.overall, it a good durable bag. my sister uses it everyday at school.
B00CE8R6BC OK The motorsport portable looks very good, it has a good design, good color and it is usefull for me, everything ok
B00CFF65NY Was a big hit Both niece and parents loved this. It is very cute, and of good quality. Very pleased. Was a great price and arrived fast, would definitely look for similar products next time.
B00CJRPNRW So  good I didn't find fit  her  yet. But  this  t  shirt is  good  for  her. It  looks  good.  I want to  buy  more  like this.
B00CKYSQS2 Good Quality The quality of the product is very good and I like it but I bought a size Large which is what I usually wear & in this cut it looks a bit bigger.
B00CM3EH3Y Not what I expected as pictured The quality is good and the style would be perfect, just know that these are not loose from the knee. In the picture it looks like they are straight (like the boys) leg, but not. They are tight, and they are really capris. I bought a large, and while my daughters legs are tall, but they are so stretchy that they are tight-like. So just know this. However if this style is one you like too, then the quality is really good. We like them and she wears them, it is more to explain the fit vs the impression from the picture
B00CN5B73O Cute and comfortable Size five fit our tall, slender four-year-old perfectly and looked adorable on her.  She said the pants felt very comfortable.  The fabric is a good weight for layering.  It is well made and good quality.  More stylish than a lot of toddler/ little girl clothing.  The colors are vibrant, but not too bright.
B00CN5B73O ok all is good, i think puma is better than other brands in sport clothes and because i choose it ,
B00CN5B73O Good It's nice but again pic is better than the real and the pant was small. The colors r good and quality not bad
B00CN5B8BA Good Quality It's what I expected not better not worse.  Cute practical all weather outfit for playing.  We like it.  Looks good after multiple washings.
B00CN5B8BA My favorite This is very good quality and l love hte bright colors.  Soft and comfy too. I bought matching puma shoes to make the complete outfit.  Couldn't be happier.
B00CN5BRSE like it!!! Look good, but you need to take one more size, that your child are, the colors are cool and bright  !!!!
B00CN5BWTI Awesome It was my niece's favorite outfit that she received for her birthday.  It was good quality and a good price too!
B00CN5C0RQ adorable Cute!!!! I love colors and the fit is good! Washable and the material is nice. Well made and adorable!! Good buy!!
B00CN5CI9G So Pleased w this set This was a great deal,Material is soft to the touch. The colors are bright,And the price is good,too! Thank you!
B00CN5CI9G very good I bought u.s polo Assn. Girl 5y size.Very good and excellent!!!Fit as expected.My doughter like this oneBut this one is a little thin
B00CQG7B94 Don't recommend Material is very thin and run small wouldn't recommend for the price charged returned for full refund no problems with the return amazon is very good with clothing
B00CQG7G1M T-SHIRT IS GOOD PANTS FLIMSY I BOUGHT SET MAINLY FOR T-SHIRT,AS PRICE WAS GOOD. PANTS ARE TO THIN AND FLIMSY. BUT TOP IS VERY GOOD.
B00CRBE7F4 Great shoe for indoor football(soccer) Puma always makes a quality product.This shoe is light weight, comfortable, has good good support and grip, and it fits perfectly.
B00CWL2EWC Excellent The product arrived quickly. It's an excellent and beautiful product as I expected. I recommend to all. Fit as i expected.
B00D00YQKW Looks good! This is a very good quality product...looks very good too. I got this for my husband and he is very happy with this...'I had never owned  this comfortable shoes, very nice'...this is what he said :).Its just little narrow in the front, so I would recommend to order 1/2 size bigger.
B00D3KGZ08 great item comfortable nice fit color name puma all good like the style also really good buy for the price thanks again
B00D9OZYR8 Not good The quietly of product less than my expectations and the size is very small not suitable for the adage hi lighted.
B00DBDZF3A Good quality Can't go wrong with these for the price. Good quality too
B00DGOWDRA Even though it's smaller than I expected Even though it's smaller than I expected, I like it.It's very cute.  and The quality is good.If there is bigger size, I 'll buy it again.
B00DKMWLF2 Cute... Very pretty....Seems to be of good quality for the price. The color is vibrant. I have not washed it yet, to see how it holds up with being washed...
B00DNNSTF4 Very Comfortable A very good buy but the fitting is a little small than expected, After some days of usage the shoe expands and fits perfectly.
B00DNO0QRC Beware size As mentioned by other customers, the sizing infor is not that accurate. The length of my shoes is about right, but somewhere around the toes the shoes aren't wide enough. Need to wear it a few weeks to make it fit. Anyway, the product seems great and in good quality.
B00DOE8S9O Good Style Fit as expected and they look cool, everything went ok on with the transaction
B00DOET8MA Nice shoes They are good shoes and comfortable, so they can wear all day and feel good when you walk, do not weigh and combine with most colors.
B00DOG2KMS Good quality from puma These sandals fit true to size, are light weight and very comfortable. I like the adjustable strap  so I can make then fit snug on my feet.They are also very easy to clean, just give them a good wipe down and they are as good as new.I would recommend these to anyone who wants a good quality product for a great price.
B00DOG4R2Y good good
B00DOG6VSW Puma men's bmw motrosport Thank you for the product. it just fit as expected , Puma is a good brand, what you see is what you get .
B00DOJOGTU good shose try it and u will like it
B00DOL32BQ Shoes are good value The shoes fit well.They are are light and comfortable.I would definitely buy another pair.They are good value.
B00DOL32BQ It is too large If Anyone want to buy this shose you should select your exact size. The quality is good and it is comfortable.
B00DOPGOU8 Great buy This was  gift for our 8 year nephew. It's stylish and a good weight. Good value with this Amazon Prime buy.
B00DQYYVAM everything good everything good
B00DQZ2YD2 Beautiful shoes and it was delivered extremely fast Everything good.. Shipping extremely fast.
B00DS3QSO8 Very comfortable These are cheaper and more comfortable than my other kicks. I recommend to anyone who is looking for affordable good sneakers
B00DS5M6FQ Not good The quietly of product less than my expectations and the size is very small not suitable for adage hi lighted.
B00DS5MAXO Good hoodie This hoodie arrived just as expected, looks just like the photo. Is super cute, good material. Warm, soft & comfie. My daughter loves it!!
B00DS6VZSY Not a good fit! Too big and too thick!I'm returning it.
B00DT5PLMK Perfect The shirt is very nice, very good quality, looks good to me. The print quality lettering looks a bit shoddy
B00DT5PLMK Good looking shirt Shirt looks good.  Good quality.  Arrived just before World Cup.  Arrived in good condition.  Shirt fits as expected.  Lightweight.  Go Italy!
B00DUL6J7Y Good sneakers for the good price My daughter is very happy with those sneakers. She wants to wear them everywhere.I like leather upper. I prefer leather inside too, but PUMA uses synthetic. Anyway I like Drift Cat from PUMA. Last year I bought the similar model. I like the fashion look and the BMW logo :)
B00DUL8DJ6 puma tennis shoes it is good and good quality as i expected, they said the shoe has lights but it isn't. my daughter was disappointed.
B00DULUOWU On time Got my package on time.  With no problems. They look and fit good. I will continue to buy more things
B00DULV8Y8 good choice Great looking sneaker, good quality velcro and color true to web image. a little small for size but fit ok.
B00DULXWII wa&ale This is a very good shoes for my boy.. We love this shos. They are very confortable and very good quality!!
B00DULXWII Good price I bought Tess for 8y/o daughter they fit her like a shoe. They came on time and I'm very satisfied
B00DULXWII they are ok good price. considering the price and the quality, I think they are fine. Not very very pleased but ok.I would recommend them as a daily use option.
B00DUTBCNM Nice out fit This out fit fit my son perfect well made excellent quality great color and good price thanks for helping to make the order right
B00DW2ME0W Good choice. Bought for my grandson, he loves all Puma products. Keep me posted on all up-coming Puma sales. It looks good on him!
B00DW2ME0W Good quality Looks good My son loves it and wears it all the time. Looks good too. It is durable and easy to wash. Doesn't fade.
B00DY61M0E but I put a heel guard in it si its good! Tiny bit too big...but I put a heel guard in it si its good!
B00DYRQD7U runs a little small This jacket was good quality, and true to the picture.  However, the arms were very tight on my daughter.  We ordered the medium, which is supposed to fit girls sizes 10-12.  My daughter is a 10.  The length was good, the width on the jacket was good, it was just the sleeves that were too tight to be comfortable (could be a personal issue).  Otherwise great jacket!
B00DYRVKYG Very well This jacket harbors very good, very practical and comfortable, I really like! I recommend this product good value for money.
B00DYXTPKQ awesome jacket! I ordered this for my 5 year old.  He's a tiny little thing, and this jacket fits him perfectly.  It's warm enough for winter, and it's very cute (sorry, handsome!).  Good quality, and good style!
B00DYY1P8A Satisfied THE Jacket fit my grandson just fine, and it is very stylish. The sweater seams to be of good quality also.
B00E6BQ1DO excelent excellent product, very good quality, exactly as seen in the picture so it is highly recommended 100% responsible.. kill me
B00E6O333W Wrong size guide, good quality otherwise. I bought size of 18months for my 6 month old daughter and it is just fitting her and she is a slim baby, otherwise fabric is of good quality. I would recommend buying two size higher than actual.
B00E6O38WS Not good Color is not the same that I expected. Looks too cheap. Sewing is not that good either. Not recommend at all
B00E6O38WS color is good color is good but stitch is very poor quality and even worse is that size is very small than i expected20month my son can't wear it
B00EDHUOZM Good Hoodie Good hoodie,I like the neck has a relaxed fit to it, and the product has a nice overall sheen to it.For under $30 this was a very good deal, and it shipped fast too!
B00EDOMUYI looks good size fit as looks goodsize fit as expected
B00EDOMUYI Feel as good as they look! I've always owned Pumas. So I'm bias when I say they look and feel good! They fit and feel good right out of the box!
B00EDOMUYI Great product!!! Good price, good quality and fit's perfect.
B00EDOMUYI ... using these shoes last week and so far so good. There light and work well I'm the weight ... Just started using these shoes last week and so far so good.  There light and work well I'm the weight room and the way they look is exactly like it was in the picture
B00EDOMUYI good i  love  it . it  is  very  good.  It  is  worth  buying.PUMA Men's Voltaic 5 Running Shoe,Black/PUMA Silver/High Risk Red,9.5 M US
B00EDOMUYI PUMA So far so good with the PUMA shoes
B00EDOMUYI puma shoes Excellent! !! Very comfortable! Excellent quality.  Perfect fit. Definitely worth the price.  Won't buy anything else. Thank you so much.
B00EDOR4L2 Good shoes Really like.
B00EDOR4L2 Great PUMAs. Looks very good, good fit, comfortable. Gives great support for working and general activities.
B00EDOR4L2 Very comfortable These sneaks are very comfy and have good support. I am very happy with my purchase
B00EDOR4L2 Feel very good These are very nice they are a little heavy ,but still feel good on my feet. Great Price.
B00EDOR4L2 puma shoes Everything was perfect. Very comfortable.  Perfect fit. Works awesome for people who work on concrete all day. Good quality. Thanks
B00EDOR4L2 Good Fits size and in perfectly good condition
B00EDOR4L2 good fit good color I have not worn them to much but so far so good, Love the color and the fit is great, time will tell
B00EP07NNS Quality is good Our baby will come in few month, so cannot say anything about fitting, but I think, size is to small...and our daughter will use it just few weeks....
B00EP07NNS The material is a very good quality. The only downside to this is that ... The product is exactly as shown in pic.. The material is a very good quality. The only downside to this is that it doesn't have much stretch and is very small fitting.. so you may not get much wear.
B00EPEPI68 Excellent Happy with this product very much.  Very good quality and really like the style, and so does my son, which isn't easy!
B00EPFS6XY Good Item Fit well and material is good. It is very nice and my kid loves it. I will definately recommend it.
B00EUAEG24 Good quality, pants a little long I bought this for my nephew, and he was very pleased w/ the quality and colors (true to picture). The pants were a little long but fit him fine in the waist. Maybe he is just a shrimp. :-)
B00F4IW2S6 Great quality!!! I was really surprised by the quality of the product, not what I expected. I fully recommended!! Thank you a lot.
B00F93SCEO fits good. colors not that good Kind of an ugly jacket to be honest. The red is almost a orange and super bright. It was on sale so I just got a fabric marker and colored in the sleeve. If it wasn't on sale I probably would have returned it.
B00FAM8GY0 Good These are very comfortable, a little thinner than I like but they breathe well. They are not see through, just thin.
B00FB64HLG Good quanlity Good value for the money!  Good quality.But it is a pit that it is a little too big. I got to return it.
B00FFM3YSI soccer cleats Good quality. But didn't fit.Returned and ordered another size.because I had to have them.they are unique and really different.recommended.must buy.
B00FG5O0W8 Average track pant&#8230; These pants are nothing spectacular but functional just the same!  Of good quality and affordable.  Would purchase again in the future.
B00FJXN7OO Fit well and good-quality would recommend and would buy again Fit well and good-quality would recommend and would buy again. soft and durable.  What else is there to say really.
B00FLZXWOK Lovely Very good quality, cheap, a great oportunity for a Puma shoes. They go well with jeans or a pair of corderoy pants. The color its perfect!
B00FRG5SXG The material is too thin which is not good for a white shirt Size is a bit small. The material is too thin which is not good for a white shirt.
B00FRK4QBW Good deal This is a nice shirt, good quality, it came quickly (as expected).  It was just in time for my nephew's twelfth birthday.
B00FRK81HM great pants They have pockets wich i like. The quality is very good and the fit is comfortable. I would recommend and would purchase again.
B00FRK9HZC very large not adjustable and elastic is very large. not a good fit. got a small for my 8 year old and these are too large, will fall down. but good quality and great looking short. buy a size smaller than you normally would.
B00FRL3ZUE Nice athletic Shorts Little long like soccer shorts.  Seems to be good quality and comfortable shorts. Puma makes better than average quality products i've discovered in the past year or so.
B00FRM5G4G good purchase i bought this t shirt for my son, it is a good quality, I always buy PUMA t shirts every summer,my son wears large, but this shirt is somewhat large, he is almost 10 and like 98 lbs
B00FRSUWJE Nice and comfortable! Good fabric, good colors.I would definitely recomend to others looking for comfortable clothes to their daughters.Can be used as an sport or casual outfit.
B00FRUD2NK GREAT THIS ITEM IS GREAT, I LOVE IT THE COLOR IS REALLY GOOD. THE MATERIAL IS GOOD FOR WASHING MACHINE. TKS
B00FSEABVQ fit T shirt fit as expected the material is also very good she loves it good for track and outdoor activities
B00FSFZZA2 Looks really good and fits perfect My girl loves it! Looks really good and fits perfect!
B00FSKFJIK good summer skort My daughter loves this skort even though she is normally a shorts person. It looks good, is comfortable and a summer staple.
B00FVYYEIE good quility very good quility. good design. very recommendable. I think It is ok for girl and boy. puma kids proudts are always good
B00FVZDZ6A less weight and good i love the puma brand. and good done. i wish that my son can play football with it.very good clothing
B00FVZEJQK good purchase This fit perfectly a twelve month old who is bigger than average. It's a good quality outfit and plenty warm for a little boy in the winter months.
B00FVZG8EG too small size 7 is more of a 5 or 6. very short pants. GREAT quality product and good buy for the money, but FIT IS SMALL.
B00FW2AOVG Bought As A Gift I bought this as a gift and was told it was an exact fit. It was also of good quality. Thank you!
B00FW6B74K Great shirt My 4 year old loves this shirt. Good quality. After many washes, it still looks good as new. Happy with this purchase
B00FW6S8GA Good Luck This after World Cup Fit true to size.  (Matching shorts run larger than stated.) Excellent quality.  My nine year old won't take it off for me to wash it.
B00FW6S8GA Its not bad The delivery was very good, came at the time it was expected. The Jersey its self looks very good. For the size it was somewhat small but not bad, my height is 5,4 so anyone with this height should get extra large.
B00FW6SA72 Good product Good product , great fit
B00FW6U50C very good quality great for kids!! Fits well and very good quality and price was great allowed us to buy a couple nations for a reasonable price
B00GOMDIMU OK CUTE COLORS, GOOD STUFF, MY WIFE IS VERY AGREE WITH THEM AND THE SETTING IS GOOD.RECOMMEND THE ARE VERY COMFORTABLE.IS GOOD.
B00GOMDKBO Good socks but.... a little think for me since my feet tend to get very hot quickly.  Good for winter but come summer wont be able to wear. Also they are not that low cut so if i wore shorts you would be able to see more than i would like. This is just my personal preference. They are a good quality comfy sock so if you like a little thinker and higher up crew thise would be great for you.
B00GV3GRJI They are a good looking shoe and he says the fit and feel ... Bought as a gift for my boyfriend's birthday. They are a good looking shoe and he says the fit and feel are excellent!
B00HK7DTIQ All is ok Quality is good. waiting, when baby will have the same size to wear it. I like this combination of colors. really good.
B00HK7I9O0 a beautiful product This product fits perfectly on my daughter. The quality is really good, and the design is beautiful. My wife is happy because it can be worn even on winter. (I live in southamerica).
B00HSE54KW Good fit LIke the brand and the fit
B00HSH997S Product quality good, but sent the wrong size About this product quality can be said that is good because is just cotton socks, but they sent the wrong size so suit for us
B00IDFTLY0 love the designs the puma onesies fit 0-3 month but it does not stretch. Its very pretty and is good quality for baby.
B00IMH9BUI Good fan t-shirt, a bit expensive The T-shirt looks good. I would say that it's longer than most T-shirts, so I think I need to have my wife cut it short for me. It's good if you like to tuck in your t-shirt, but not good if you don't. 4 star because it's kinda expensive. But shipping was very fast.One other small issue I notice is that the reflective plastic that is from the arm pit to the end of the sleeve is made in a triangular shape. The problem with that is that they cut it into a sharp corner towards your arm pit and it pokes through he cloth. Easy fix, I just round it out with a scissor.
B00IP1FCYA Excellent product Excellent product and prize
B00IR93HCY Is an adorable outfit. Good quality and sized as stated Arrived quickly. Is an adorable outfit. Good quality and sized as stated. Good quality.
B00IZP0IVS Good Product Great product love Puma however, the item shows color stripes on the tow but when I received they were all grey. No big deal they are socks but that is what caught my eye.
B00JRYGTPK good quality and price Good quality at a good price. I bought this for my son, but it's about half a size too large for him, so I have been wearing it!
