B0002ZBR0K Great Softball Shoe Good fit and great for softball if you don't like wearing full cleats.  Very light, stylish, and comfortable.
B0007DGOY6 Great shoe, they have lasted me 2 years. I really enjoyed these shoes.  They are great for everyday wear and even for jogging.  Plus they have a unique look.
B0009QGPPO Great shoes Buy a half a size bigger than you need.Great shoes very comfortable great for wife feet recommend they will buy another pair when these wear out
B000FPLEOG Great! I'm from Ecuador. I`ll tell you my experience whit this purchase. This shoes are great, I`m very happy whit this purchase, so i recommended everybody this product, most to people from Southamerica.
B000K7EIME Great Great shoes.  My wife has bought this model probably 4 times in the last 10 years.  They last long and are comfortable.
B000LQVB9W Great Puma product!! I bouthg 2 polo puma and are great, the size are great my size is medium and 100% cotton very fresh to look and wear anytime, i recomended 100%.
B000MS9S6C shoes are great!! they are so different, and everytime i wear them.. i get compliments.. great shoe to buy if you are into shoes and outfits..
B000OL35NO Excellent cleats Minimal break-in, great traction.  Maybe the Puma last just fits my feet better, but I had a pair of Nike R9s that were great for traction, but my toes felt more jammed up (same size).
B000QDZRKY This is the shoe! Great fit, great feel, may be too low for running on my bad knee, but should be great for the courts.  Only concern is that the logo looks a lot like another brand's logo, no prob for me.  But in all the shoe looks clean, but will be hard to keep that way...lol
B000R4XHRC perfect perfect shoes and very comfortable I like them alot.They fit great and I would buy them again, excellent quality
B000R4XHRC Satisfied Love the shoes and they feel great. The price was an excellent deal as well. I will probably purchase more in the near future.
B000R4XHRC Oh! So Comfortable! I chose thes shoes for their great looks and they didn't dissapoint me. Very well built, great looking, completely stable and very cool on the foot due to many vent holes all over the toe-box. Price was extremely reasonable and delivery was prompt as always.  All in all, a great value.
B000R4XHRC cool shoes Love the style and color of the shoe. They are a slim fit and I habe a wide foot but after a few wears they fit great and the price I got them for on sale I camt complain and I got them In lile 3 or 4 days
B000R4XHRC Old fashioned-classic sneakers This sneakers are great. They remind me my time at school. Good quality overall and great looks. Very confortable for walking or sports.
B000R4XHRC Great Fit!!!! The Kicks fit perfect.  I would recommend them to anyone who is into retro style puma's.  Thanks a million.  Shipping was great as well.  I'm currently stationed in Bahrain.V/RSaint
B000R4XHRC Great Product Great Product and excellent quality; fast shipping, fits exactly what I expected and great to work in, would do business again. Would recommend to others. Thank you
B0013THNAW puuuuuma Delicous shirt.  oooooooh what a great fit.  Delicous and outstanding service that came along with it.  Great looking out on the pitch I must say..  A great shirt at a wonderful price.
B0013XJWQ6 Excellent Soccer Cleats Great fit, really light, excellent material, good breathability, really really light, gives you a great feel of the ball, awesome traction, really REALLY light - did I mention that already?? I am partial to Puma. Why? Because quite simply, they make the best soccer cleats. Stylish, functional, great quality, and SUPER LIGHT!
B0014DWEEC This is a classic track jacket!!!! I was so glad to find this track jacket for the price! It fit perfectly & comfortably!!! It's a great color & great craftsmanship!!!
B00169MRR8 Great shoes for the price. If you like Puma you will love these, they are more powder blue than they look in the pictures. They took quite a bit of breaking in though. But they are great and they shipped quickly.
B001B4WUVQ I love Pumas very comfortable great for every day at the gym! I went up a half size these are great and look so clean very nice and super comfy you will like them. Enjoy these pumas they are at a great price!!!
B001B52UFG Awesome deal, great shoes! I bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he loves them!  They were such a great deal on Amazon, especially with the free shipping.  They ended up being about 1/2 the price as other competitors online.  He wears them constantly and they look great on!
B001B52VLO Great quality for the price I got a great deal on these shoes, right when I needed (or wanted) some new Pumas. The heel digs in, so if you walk all day in them you could have blisters. They look great with dark jeans. Very comfy for walking all day support-wise.
B001B52YSO Great Shoes These shoes are perfect, fit true to size and are comfortable. Great shoe for the price!
B001B54D9W PUMA shoes Really great shoes.  I bought them for my teenage daughter at a great price and she is very pleased with them.  Would recommend to anyone who likes PUMA.
B001B55JMC great gift for my girl I bought a black pair of these for my girlfriend in vegas and she loved getting them in a second color...shes rough on shoes but they've proven to be cute and durable...great buy...great fit...and she receives constant compliments...
B001B57ZN8 Puma Sabadella- what a great price! Very comfortable sneaker ( or ballerina flat I should say), great for summer, perfect alternative to flip flops, true to size, GREAT price of $26 with FREE shipping( mine were on sale)... Love them!!!
B001CHCT4U great! great deal, love this shoes, there are very comfortable and fit as expected. My son can use them all day long!
B001CHCTMC great puma selection loved the navy pumas , had a great selection of colors available at a good price
B001CHEOW0 Great Casual Shoe! This sho is sleek and sharp I purchased the all white shoes and i have got nothing but great responses and a great looking style. These shoes go with any outfit and fit perfect buy them!
B001CHER90 Great Shoe Got for my teenage son.  Great quality at a great price.  Arrived on time.  He is rough on sneakers and these have lasted longer than any other sneaker he has had - and still look good.
B001CHER90 what a great deal more then half off store prices I keep geting complaments and then buy a pair for the person for xmas it also comes in great colers
B001CHER90 Old school pumas Great old school product. Fits small get a size bigger. Great price and they give you two pairs of laces.
B001CHG1YY Great Fashion shoes Great shoes, looks very nice on any Jeans. The price is reasonable too and good quality. Highly recommended!!Comes with two laces
B001CHG1YY Can't go wrong with these great shoes. Fit perfectly and look great.  Always get lots of compliments.  I would definitely buy these shoes -any Puma suedes- again without hesitation.
B001CHG1YY OUTER LOOKS INNER NONE LOOKS GREAT ,, BUT DONT EXPECT GREAT COMFORT ,,,NO ARCH OR  HEEL COMFORT ,, PRETTY FLAT INSIDE , NO REAL SUPPORT AT ALL
B001CHG1YY Casual Pumas These shoe look and feel great.  The color was just right as well as the weight.  I think for the price it was a bargain.  Puma has come a long way.  They are no longer just for soccer/futbol.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes! Being an old fogey, I grew up with this style and I am so happy they are making them again.  The color choices are also great.
B001CHG1YY Great This is a great product I would really recommend them to anyone who likes a high quality shoe. They are amazing!!
B001CHG1YY Classics in a great color A classic shoe, I have had a few pairs of these in my lifetime, and this pair is no different. The Grey White is a great combo, they look awesome with jeans. Overall very happy.
B001CHG1YY comfy great shoes
B001CHG1YY fit great. Puma is one of the few brands of ... Received on time..fit great. Puma is one of the few brands of sneakers left that still look great while staying affordable.
B001CHG1YY LOVE THEM!! They are perfect & fit great, thank you!!!Price was right + excellent quality - I couldn't have asked for better!I couldn't be happier!!
B001CHG1YY Look great & feel great I think these shoes are great. I was so excited when they came in with my entire order. They are so comfortable!
B001CHG1YY great color as I expected The color and quality of the pair of shoes are great. That's what I expected to be. Highly recommended. 5 stars
B001CHG1YY Great set of sneakers These are a classic.  They look and feel absolutely great.  Going to order 2 or 3 more pairs.  Plenty of colors to choose from.
B001CHG1YY Looks Great Feels Great! I love the way these look and couldnt find anything else and thankfully they fit really nice! I Highly Recommend!
B001CHG1YY great shoes! just what i wanted! i love the black on black look of these and they fit great! a little light weight for cooler temps but a great summer shoe
B001CHG1YY Great sneakers! Great sneakers, made with quality they fit great. I put insoles in them and they are fantastic, great for a casual look.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes, these pair of pumas It fits great !!! Love it.so confortable .i wear it all the time!!! Amaizing shoes .beautiful color too. Thank you.
B001CHG1YY great shoes!!!! Great shoes!! They fit perfectly and look even better than the picture!! Amazon never disappoints me. They're the best for online shopping.
B001CHG1YY Great look and fit! Perfect fit! The shoe is so comfortable and it looks exactly like it does in the picture. Highly recommend it!
B001CHG1YY Solid shoes, looks and feels great! The color is great, however know that blues in jeans naturally rub off onto the suede.  The leather upper feels solid and the classic puma look stands out great.  You get exactly what you expect buying it, and I would recommend it to anyone interested!
B001CHG1YY Husband LOVED them! they looked great with the fat-shoestrings.  husband wears them all the time and they look great dressed up or down!  item as described!  thanks.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe, somewhat snug. Great shoe and color. Fit is somewhat tight for wider feet, so be warned. Overall, a great product. Would buy again.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe at a great price When I found this shoe, with such a great price and selection, I figured I'd take a shot at buying a pair of shoes online (something I'd never do) knowing with Amazon's excellent customer service I could send them back if there was a problem. Not only did they fit perfect, they were great quality and look really good.
B001CHG1YY Great color and fabric The color is great and I love the suede fabric. I bought them a half a size up based on other reviews and it was a good call. The reason why I didn't give 5 stars is the stitching is a little off on the right shoe so it rubs my foot a little. Overall satisfied.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes Toes are a little too roomy but these were a great fit otherwise!! (Caveat: Female wearing men's shoes) cute color
B001CHG1YY Great deal The shoes were great. They were as described. The size fit just perfect. The price was the best part of the transaction.
B001CHG1YY Great buy, very comfortable The shoes fit well, they are good looking and comfortable. Wearing them daily, haven't found anything I don't like. Puma is a great brand.
B001CHG1YY Great tennis! Beautiful colour! I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. He absolutely loved it! The blue colour was bright and vibrant. The fit was absolutely perfect. It looks great with skinny jeans or shorts. It was a great value compared to the price paid. I would definitely recommend this item.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe, very comfortable! Shoe arrived on time though I ordered a second pair of other pumas that were not shipped. Look great and feel comfortable so far. Only real complaint is that the white suede strip on the sides isn't bright white as it appears in the photo. It's more of a tan color really. Other than that they are great. I look forward to see how they hold up as time goes by.
B001CHG1YY Super comfortable! This is my first ever pair of Pumas and I can honestly say it wont be my last. They look great, fit great, and are super comfortable! Good price, too!
B001CHG1YY the colors are amazing!!! this shoes look great!!!! i got the ones called Grisaille, blue and orange, wow they look amazing and only 30 $ is just a great price. 100% recommended.
B001CHG1YY Nice These look great. They run a little small so I ordered accordingly. Cute sneakers -- wife loves them. What makes her happy makes me happy. Great price too!
B001CHG1YY Great shoes. The shoes felt great and are padded well. Just make sure you don't have very wide feet. Made for a great gift.
B001CHG1YY Great Find At a Great Price! I have worn this style of PUMA for quite a few years. I was searching for this same shoe for the last two years and finally found it at a GREAT price.
B001CX2R5A Very comfortable Great workout pants or warm ups.  They fit great and are not tight or very baggy at the same time.
B001DANNF0 Great football boot Great traction, good touch on the ball and lightweight.  All around great boot, wish puma would still make this one
B001DEYQIY Puma Hoodie Great Purchase The hoodie was great quality and a reasonable price. I would definately recommend this product.
B001EIJJN6 Great Shirt Bought this for my fiancee for his birthday to go with a whole Puma workout outfit. Its a great shirt, great quality, true to size. He loved it and I love how it looks on him.
B001EIJJN6 Great Quality Great Quality T for the price. Arrived quickly and no issues. I think I am going to get a red one now!
B001GPM42K Very Comfotable..! Great Sneakers..!  Love the design and the lightness of these.. plus they were at a great price..! what more can you ask for..!
B001H0EY2C Great color I have a medium width, and these are a bit small. The quality and style are great though, no issues there.
B001H0F5HU Great Sneaks! I took a chance on ordering this item. I wasn't too sure about the fit or the color. I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived 8 days after I ordered them and even felt better putting them on. Great color, style, and perfect fit. I wish they would come in other colors. I'd order more.
B001H0FFQG Great looks.. Shoes looked great but was a little tight....nxt time I need to order a little bigger. Sizes a little smaller than American.
B001H31B3E great shoes This shoes are great. Super comfortable and the color looks great. So far I haven't had any issues with them.
B001NXBTBM Cute shirt Very comfortable fit, looks great, fit's great. She loves wearing it. I love the neck cut.
B001OOMNOW the best these pumas are the best.  great fit, color, and amazon had them for a killer price.  makes my day.
B001QDEV1E great pants! I bought these because I wanted a longer fit.  The addidas pants look a little "high water" on me.These fit great!  Shipping was super fast! Price was cheaper than local sporting goods store. Comfortable, warm, and great fit!I like the Tricot better than the Agile because the side stripe is narrower.
B001QDEV1E Great Track Pants I love the feel of these track pants.  They hang well and look great.I bought these to replace a pair I accidentally hit with an iron that was too hot.
B001THMHVI Good quality great house pant. These are great for around the house, to wear over shorts if going to the gym or basket ball court.  I wouldn't run in them or work out in them, they are kinda heavy and warm, but also comfortable and seem tobe pretty durable so far.  I found them Amazon for a great price (under $30), but not sure I would buy these if they were priced over $35.
B001VH7FA4 Great shoe! I have always been a fan of Puma's but these are the best.  The color is great and they are very comfy. The sizes run a little smaller since my other Puma's are a 1/2 size smaller.  They are easy to keep clean as well since they are not fabric.  Would highly recommend!
B001VH832I Perfect Great shoe for weight lifting.  Snug at first, then stretches and are amazingly light and comfortable.  Like a fine leather glove.  Very reasonable price as well.  All of the puma shoes are great.
B001VKXPIM Shoes great This is a pair of nice looking sneakers which I think I have not seen anyone with it before in my country. Feels great to be the only one wearing it.
B001VKXX20 Great Shoe This a great shoe.  I work out in these shoes six days a week.  They stand up to a strenuous workout and look great.
B0029NZ7YA Great Everything was shipped on time and in great condition. Smooth transaction and great customer service.
B002ECFBUQ Not bad Its an OK purchase - not as great as I had expected it to be.
B002ECFTNA Great looking shoes! I bought these for my boyfriend.  He had tried the same style on at the mall, and I saved about $35 by ordering here.  They fit him great.  Only complaint is that the material is hard to clean- he got them muddy and it soaked into the netting type material and is difficult to get out.
B002ECFUCU great shoes Great shoes as always. Great price as always. No complaints of any sort. I'm always happy with puma. This us the only brand of shoes  I know i can order and know how they are going to fit.
B002EENI40 Really comfortable This shoes looks great my girlfriend and I love it. Great deal for the money!Don't doubt it but it! :D
B002EENI40 excellent Great shoes. They look really good and I have received lots of compliments about them. The material is great, I got these instead of the suede for durability and they are easy to keep clean.
B002EENI40 great buy ! they fit pretty nicely and look great, I can mix them with any outfit  I pretty much want to wear.
B002EENI40 Perfect shoe for every man Bought them for my disabled son, wanted comfort, sturdy, EZ and smart.  This PUMA has it all. . . . .GREAT PURCHASE, all leather.  I highly recommend.  Got them on time, price was GREAT!  We're happy, his feet are happy. . .
B002EL3KQE High quality! Great shoe that satisfied the boys by lighting up and the mom, with great quality! Not cheap like other light up shoes.
B002EL3KQE They look great, not childish, but my 4 year old loves the lights These are a quality shoe that looks great on my little boy.  The velcro holds great and they fit exactly as expected.  The Puma on the side flashes as he walks which just thrills him.  I have purchased Puma in the past for my older boys, these are built to last.
B002EL3KQE Great Price, Love these! These shoes are so adoreable. They are of good quality and can be cleaned off with a wet cloth. To my surprise they even light up. I had no idea but it was a great addition to a great shoe. My daughter loves them and didnt want to take them off.
B002EL3KQE Great buy Puma for toddlers are a great fit and cozy on my lil ones feet. Easy straps and wipes off clean. The lluminescent Puma is such a great touch, it lights up the bones of the Puma. So awesome and a nice surprise.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes! I read other reviews that said the shoes run a little narrow and small so I bought a size up from what I thought he would wear and they fit great! He loves the light up part and I love the fact that they are cute and can be worn with lots of different outfits instead of ugly regular sneakers. Great price too! (I got them when they were on sale for $23)
B002EL3KQE loos great! Looks great and fits snug. My five year old loved it! The qualitt is also great. I was very pleased.
B002EL3KQE Great item Great item, size fits as expected. I am addicted to puma brand, i always use it for my kids and will not think of changing the brand
B002EL3LZE Looks great My 9yo loves this shoe.  It looks great and feels good on his foot.  Holding up well so far compared to regular clothes tennis shoes.  Clean up well with a Mr. Clean eraser when they get dirty too.
B002EL3LZE Great buy! These shoes were great. Would give them a 5 star except that for some reason the laces are slick and I either have to double tie for the boys or remind them to retie often.
B002EL3MCQ Great kid shoe! I bought these shoes for a 2 year old and they are great. My son wears them with no complaint, they stand up to his wear & tear and best of all they are easy for me to put on him. Plus they just look cool! Great buy.
B002EL3MCQ Great lightening purchase I have waited and waited to see the price go down on these shoes and wouldn't you know it, a lightening deal! These fit my 2 yr old great. He wears a size 8 and has a good bit of room WITH socks on. A 9 would have been way too big.
B002EL3MCQ Great Buy! Great shoe for my 14 month old son. I ordered him a size 6 but could probably have gone with a 7 for longer wear. Incredibly easy to get on! I love these shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Bought for my niece and she loves it I purchased this product to complete an outfit and they are great. Got a size bigger since she is growing and PUMA tends to run small. They looked great and fit just right (a bit bigger since she is growing). They look great!
B002EL3MCQ GREAT these shoes are great, really well made &#8203;&#8203;and are prettier than they look in the photo, they are also tough and well trained
B002EL3MCQ Great fit My son has a wide feet and this shoes is great for him. As soon as he put it on he said how comfortable it was.
B002EL3MCQ We love it Great fit and very trendy looking. Provides great traction too.  Easy to snap and stay close, very easy to put on.
B002EZZSN8 great shoe great price I wanted some pumas that would be good for all types of weather. I had some suede ones that were really high maintenance. These came in about a week and they fit very well and look even better than the picture. They are high quality obliviously but feel a bit thin compared to other pumas Ive had in the past. Very nice I highly recommend.
B002G6XWRY loved them my daughter loved them!!They were comfortable and great for indoor soccer...she even wore them for track..not sure that was great for her feet, but she liked them that much.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes Great shoes. I get compliments  on them all the time. If you are looking for a casual shoe, this is it!
B002KAOLGC Great shoes The White/Moroccan Blue are great. I bought a pair of black laceless ones and these and wasn't satisfied with these in the winter. However, now that it's summer, I am very happy I bought these shoes. Great summer shoe.
B002KAOLGC great buy The shoes fit perfectly and arrived on time. I would recommend them to anyone who doesnt want to go all the way to the store to get them
B002KAOLGC GREAT DEAL I WILL START BY SAYING I GOT THEM JUST IN TIME AND THEY WERE SHIPPED BY UPS...THEY LOOK GREAT AND WERE IN A PUMA GIFT BAG LIKE BOX IT WAS NICE THOUGH...I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY LITTLE BROTHER FOR CHRISTMAS, I FIGURED FOR $40 I COULDNT BEAT IT CONSIDERING THERE EASILY A $60 SHOES IN THE STORES...
B002KAOLGC Great Show This is a great shoe for the price. After a days worth a wearing your feel will take a beating, but for less than $40 what do you expect? To walk on clouds. You're not going to be Neil Armstrong for $40. Get real.
B002KAOLGC Great for the price It doesn't look like they will last for ever and are not as comfy as expected but they fit perfectly and look great. Worth it.
B002KAOLGC excellent Excellent shoes! They look great and I have received lots of compliments about them. The material is very easy to keep clean too.
B002KAOLGC Very pleased Perfect fit, comfortable style at a great price from a top brand. Might even look at a couple additional colors!
B002LH4WCW Comfy shoes Sneakers are very comfortable and live up to their name.  Great buy.  They are great for my back and can be worn everywhere.
B002ODEYE4 Great Price, Great Jacket Great Price, Great Jacket. My son loves this jacket, he wears it all the time. It's easy to wash. Looks great on.
B002ODEYE4 Nice jacket I got a great deal on this jacket . My son is very happy with its quality . Great value
B002QHW850 Great look Cant go wrong with Puma. These shoes are great and made with quality materials. They have lasted my son a very long time until he grew out of them.
B002RFQLU4 great this shoe was bought for my nephew he was soo excited when it arrived in the mail, he wanted a great pair of flashy soccer shoes
B002U7RQJ4 Great gift Great Product, functions well and it is fashionable.  Great Gift for a birthday gift.  Love the functionality on the watch
B002US8MGY Excellent Choice. They are comfortable and  great. Excellent choice. They look even better in your feet and they feel great. The only thing I suggest is to ask for 0.5 larger size than the one you usually wear.
B002YD8KIK Puma sneakers review Great product @ very good price! First impression wasn't that great since i thought that the actual size doesn't match size described, but after an hour of running, they became very snug and comfortable! Highly recommended.
B00303GRQU "A Great Buy" A phenomenal shoe! From it's style to it's presentation when worn is absolutely great! I definitely got my money's worth.....
B0031O0ESK Great Buy Got this for a friend. works like a charm....great buy..and looks great. Gets pretty dicolourd after a while but a good rub down works to get it back.
B0036VN8Q8 Great shirt Since I wear for first time this shirt it feel very comfy, great design, and summer ready, One of my favorite now.
B0036VNBA6 Great Shorts! My bf loves PUMA and these shorts are great. They are long and comfortable just the way he likes them.
B0037KMNAU Great Workout Shoe Bought these for my husband, he wanted shoes for working out and they are perfect. Great feel, great look, very comfortable.
B0037KMP6W Great Sneakers These are not only comfortable, but Gorgeous.  Look better in person, and great if your a pink lover like me,
B0038QP3C8 Puma Benny's a good fit for casual cool Great color, great look. Kind of stiff, but should be fine after break-in. Probably will use a sole insert to improve support. Can wear it with just about any look, urban/suburban. If Puma made this in a soft leather upper, it would be an awesome shoe.
B003BNY8QK great product it has a nice shape and colors works perfectly, In my opinion this is a great product and also is puma
B003BNY8QK Great gift Great buy when I good brought price.  Great heart beat monitor that watch thing bring to the table just .
B003CIPRB4 Great deal All all puma items the jacket is great. It is a lightweight jacket and the materials and design are excellent for daily use.
B003DTSPHA Just Sporting Great looking watch. Exactly what i expected. Perfect size and feels great on my arm. i wear it to play and to work. It truly fits in many environments.
B003EE48UM Great sneakers very comfortable, looks great with jeans and shorts. the sneakers come with two different set of laces so you can decide how to combine them, highly recommended!
B003EE49MY Glad I got them! I've always had great luck with Puma athletic shoes. No retail store in my area carries them. I found the style and size I wanted thru Amazon and ordered with great satisfaction. Fit great and just as I remembered!
B003EE7NMW Puma Ferrari These white Pumas look great, but are not that comfortable for my feet. The newer Ferrari Pumas don't look at nice but are way more comfortable. Wish I could get the style with the comfort. Still Puma makes great shoes, these might fit better on your feet than they did on mine.
B003EE7NMW Great purchase I am very happy with the purchase I made. The price was great, very fast delivery and good product. I'm going to buy another pair soon.
B003EE7OMG Great for walking to yoga or with leggings; so many compliments. I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes. They are very unique but simple-looking with a wide strap across the foot.  I am a size 9 and they are perfect fit. If I am not going to the gym, I wear not-socks with them to prevent sweaty feet. I love them with leggings and yoga pants, but they aren't great with jeans. When I ordered them I was a little apprehensive about blisters because they fit tightly to the foot, but I haven't had any issues. They are very comfortable, although I don't work out in them, I wear them to my spin class and the pool where I change out of them. Arrived on time and in good condition. Great purchase.
B003EE7TSU great looking shoe! These Pumas fit my son's feet well, looked great and are comfortable. Priced right too. I would recommend to anyone.
B003EE7TSU Great shoes. I really like these puma shoes. The quality is great and it brings something different to the table. It fits very comfortable and a great shoe if you want to use it as your everyday shoe.
B003EE7TSU Fit perfect Super comfortable ! They look great and feel even better. Feel like really good quality shoes and I would recommend anyone buying them.
B003EE7XGS Great Toddler Shoe They are so stylish and they fit great. The most important thing is that they look like his Daddy's shoes!
B003EE7XGS gREAT QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE! WE WERE SEARCHING SCHOOL TENNIS SHOES FOR MY DAUGHTER, AND THEY'RE OF GREAT QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE FOR HER! IF I COULD I WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONES WHEN SHE OUTGROWS HER ACTUALLY SHOES.
B003EE7XGS Great Kids shoe I've been buying Pumas for my kids for the last 6 years, no more paying full price!! Great deal and amazing shoes. Got them quicker than advertised too!!!
B003EE9NC0 Puma Shoes Since the moment i saw this rare Pumas i knew i had to get them for me, they are of great qualityand very nice looking and i was very pleased with the shipping time, Overall i had a great experience
B003EE9O4W He loves them. The fit pattern on the insole was a great idea. Great retro look and a striking blue color to match.
B003EE9O4W Look Great and my boy loves them. Fits well and looks great. We will see if they hold up to my 3 yr olds abuse. These are our first Pumas.
B003EE9O4W GREAT MY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS WEARING THESE YESTERDAY. THEY'RE GREAT AND VERY NICE LOOKING. WOULD BUY AGAIN. I LIKE THE VELCRO CLOSURE.
B003EE9O4W great! Son loved them and love that they do not have shoelaces. Also great colors and style, would highly recommend for anyone
B003EE9P14 Nice sneaks I do like this shoe...packaging was great and time of delivery was great.The suede is a good added touch to bring in the style and they are very comfortable to wear and walk in.
B003EEBGQQ Comfortable as well as stylish. Great price, looks good no matter what casual pants you wear them with. Well made.....great shoe and priced to sell..
B003EEBGQQ Another great Puma I love my Puma shoes and this one is no different.  The color is great and the quality is awesome.  People are always commenting at how great they look and having them feel good on your feet is a total bonus :)
B003EEH7NM Great shoes! I thought that the shoes would be more of a warm deep chocolate brown like the picture, but these shoes look more of a grayish brown.  Besides that the look great, great quality, and my little boy really likes them
B003EEH7NM great shoe These shoes are easy for a little boy to put on himself.  They go great with everything.  They are sold a a great price point.
B003H6DC8G Great price Would buy these again my daughter wears them all the time. she was super excited when she received them! Great price!
B003IMJO68 great fit great fit, looks good. nice 3-pack. value for money. might order another in the future as I love puma as a brand.
B003LJXZ5O Leisure or hard training I have 2 pairs a 3rd on the way. They wear great/wash great. I weight train in these. Old school yes. Adidas is nice looking. That doesn't make for great results. These are durable/don't shrink.Sizing is excellent.
B003LY4U9O Great Racing Flat It's a great minimalist racing flat.  Pumas usually run small, but this shoe is true to size.  This and the Puma H-Street are great running shoes.  I'm never going to run in traditional trainers again.
B003LY4Y40 Excellent shoe! I bought these shoes and played three soccer games on Sunday. They were so comfortable!  They provided stability and a good fit for wide feet.  Great traction on turf!  I would recommend these shoes - great value too!
B003MAJWCW Great Service My item arrived very quickly. It was here a few days before expected. It is a wonderful shoe and soft. Great fit!
B003MAJWCW great shoes Bought it for my daughter it fits Great and they are a great option for the school. They are nice!
B003MAJWCW Great quality Unfortunately I had to return these as they were on the small side but they were great quality and customer service was excellent for my return.
B003MAJWCW Great buy Realy loved the shoes, and the price. I always shop at amazon.com. Everything is available at amzon, and at a cheap price too. Love the quality of what i buy.Thank you.Nicole
B003MAJWCW rjbg84 Bought these for my girlfriend, and she absolutely loved them!!! Great price for a great product. No issues here!!! The shoes have been, her opinion, flawless. She wanted black because it gets less dirty than white or suede ones.
B003MAJWCW Great shoes love these shoes, this is my second pair.  looks good and are very comfortable. the price was great for a quality shoe
B003MAJWCW Puma I've wanted pumas for a long time, but everywhere I went they were 90 to 130 dollars. I found these on Amazon for only 50. Great deal and great shoes!
B003MAJWCW Great shoe I never usually buy shoes online, but I am glad I did. The shoe looks great with jeans. They took a little time to get use to, they don't have good arch support like normal athletic shoes. Also, the laces are flimsy. My husband even remarked how thin they were. Overall I paid less than the retail price so I feel like I still got a great deal. They fit true to size.
B003MAJWCW Great shoes Most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased.  Fit great and look great, I recommend them to all to purchase. GREAT
B003MAJWCW Great casual shoe for my wife I love the look of these shoes, clean and sleek.  The only thing I do not care for is the bottom which is kind of slick and noisy.  It sounds like you are wearing heels when it hits the ground.  Other than the sound the shoes look and fit great!
B003MAJZRE Great Shoes LOVE these shoes!  They look great and feel great and are perfect for my long jogs/walks around my town.  There are many hills and uneven sidewalks and my feet never hurt afterwards.
B003MAJZRE Fantastic! I received my sneakers in great time, thanks! The shoes themselves are fantastic! Great for jogging and cardio work outs, and very stylish to boot! You can't find a better price for a great shoe.
B003MSMI2K Great quality, great looks Love the looks, quality and stability of this shoe. Also available in 'wide' fit.Just bought my second pair for a discount price!
B003MSMI2K PUMA did it again Wow. I love this product. It looks exactly as displayed (as expected) and it fits great. Very comfortable and again it looks great.RTB
B003ZJCEXO Great jacket This is a great jacket. It fits and looks great. Looks dressy. My son wears it often and likes it.
B003ZJCEXO Classic track jacket. Great look, great fit and classic Puma style.  I love it.  Puma never disappoints and Amazon is top notch for variety and service.
B003ZJCEXO Love Puma track jackets Ordered a large for my 6'4&#34; husband. It fits as expected since he already owns another Puma track jacket. Great quality for a great price.
B003ZW2FJO Great, but logo came off. Great product, excellent quality. But the logo on the left thigh that you see in the picture started peeling off the first day I wore them - before I washed them. It was completely gone within 2 washes. Very disappointed with that. Other than that they are excellent quality. I'm 5'11, 170lbs and bought a Medium. They are a little long, only about an inch, tops. So if you are any shorter than me you probably won't want to buy a Medium. Other than these two things they are excellent quality and look great.
B003ZW2FJO Great for the price A little wide. Good length as my husband is tall. He is just skinnier than average. They are a nice material and will be great for coaching his soccer games.
B003ZYW0CO Great watch Great service Five Star all the way!Was a great addition to my collection. Just one complaint get more items like this on sale...lol!
B003ZYW0CO Great Item! Excelent and great item!  Just what I was looking for.  I recommend the item and the seller!  It's practical, can be use sport or casual dress!
B003ZYXV4A PUMA Unisex PU910801005 Loop Black Digital Watch THE SHIPMENT WAS FAST I'M A SOLDIER OVERSEAS AND I RECIVED IT LESS THEN A WEEK THE PRODUCT IS GREAT IT FITS MY NEEDS AT A GREAT PRICE....THANK YOU
B003ZZ1CY0 great very good great number, all a bit dark and not see in the dark very well, but is very comfortable
B003ZZ3F7C great Great product. Exactly as described on the page. Hassle free shopping for me and happy present receivers. Everyone is happy!
B003ZZ3F7C Great product! This is a very durable, stylish watch, and the price was awesome!  Great product overall, and they have different colors, if you're looking to color coordinate with an outfit!
B00416BTKE great! these are the best shoes which i ever bought to my daughter, she loves them,wearing on all occasions,great great shoes anyway!
B00416BW3S great fit My daughter loves these shoes. They fit her great and no pinching of the toes or rubbing on the back heel. Would buy another pair again if I had to.
B0041D8KDQ Great and very practical This wristlet is great, and the price is fantastic. The only thing is that it is more of a gray than black.
B0042AN0PG Great Driving Shoe This is a great shoe..... Very comfortable and well made..... Has a European look and great fit...... For the money you can't go wrong.....
B0042ANOBQ Super comfy and great style Great easy shoes for everyday use. And the colors are great with most pants / outfits. I laced them up to the second to last holes so they can be slipped on too. Love them.
B0042ANQAA These Shoes Are Sharp and what a Deal! I rarely order clothes or shoes online, but saw this great deal on these black leather puma sneakers.  Got them delivered fast and haven't taken them off my feet. The great thing about then is they are casual but can be dressed up for a business casual work environment.  Comfortable and great price. I am looking for more puma shoes now.
B0042ANUP6 Great!!! They are very comfortable, and looks great. They are a good choice for a man who has to walk a lot... god bussines
B00439GCEM Puma shoes I gave these to my granddaughter early for Christmas. She loved them. They fit great! She said they are very comfortable.
B00439GCEM Great product, great price. The product got here right on time! And for the price of under 40 bucks, it's an EXCELLENT buy. It was packaged nicely, and the shoes look better in person!And the plus is the bag it comes in; it's reusable!
B00439GCEM Fit Great!! I Love these shoes!! The fit is  really nice and they are very comfortable. They look great with skinny jeans!
B00439GCEM Great buy. It fit great. Highly recommended Love my sneakers, fit better than expected. Super comfortable is like walking bare foot. Highly Recommended , ready to buy another color..
B00439GCEM Looks Good! Love my fashion Puma's. The coffee bean is a true rich brown.  I usually wear a 9 or 9.5 and the 9.5 fits great.  I wouldn't walk any marathons in them.  There is not much support.  I bought a pair of Dr. Scholl's inserts and now they feel great!
B00439GCEM Great buy I got these sneaker and they are great! From the first  I wore them they were super comfortable. They look great with jeans  I liked them so much I got the black too.
B00439GG8Y Fit as expected These shoes fit my husband as I expected them to.  Since they are part suede, they have to kept away from the rain.  But other than that, they are great.
B004DKPPR6 Great shoes! The fit is great.  They hug you feet just right and feel like you are barefoot.  They are lightweight and at the same time the material allows your feet to breathe.
B004DPKEJA Looks Great I bought this for my boyfriend, and he loves it.  When the coller is poped its white underneath so it looks great.  Sizing it perfect!  Will be buy again!
B004FV5KI2 Great Jacket! Received this jacket as a gift and I LOVE IT.  Fits great and wears very comfortably.  I am a tall guy with a skinny build and the arms are actually long enough to still cover my wrists while driving.  A great buy for sure!
B004GB0S6U gift for my boyfriend I bought these shoes as a gift for my boyfriend. They arrived in the time they said they would and they were in great condition. I was nervous that the size may be off a little because it seems that every brand is a tad bit different, but they were right on. They fit great and the quality is great!
B004GB0T7S Excellent I got the shoes the day I was suppose to a they are very comfortable definitely a great buy especially for the price they were.
B004GB0VWG great design this was a gift for my sister and she loved them. great design and extremely comfortable for jogging. I recommend them
B004GB0X8S great fit i ordered these shoes because puma is a great brand. i always order pumas because they fit great and they are durable shoes. they arrived fast and fit and look great. i would order these again.
B004GB0XVA It feels great It's what I thought it was going to be, great shoe it fits great. I recomend it a lot and it's the best
B004GB0YHS Comfortable These shoes are a great for for those whose toes are wider than their heals.  It's a nice shoes and looks great!
B004GB10LC Great fit - even for me and my size 12 feet I love these shoes. It's usually really hard for me to find great-looking sneakers in a size 12 and I have resorted to buying men's shoes (which never are as cute as the women's). These do not disappoint. They're comfortable for all-day and provide great arch support.
B004GB11O8 great great! love it, speedy delivery, fits well, and good price. fits well on my boyfriend's feet thank you very much
B004GB11O8 Great shoes! Just what I was looking for.  Unfortunately, they do not stock the white/navy L2s at the Puma store near me so I went hunting online.  Of course Amazon had them and at less than full price so I jumped on these.  Just what I was looking for.  Great shoe to wear with jeans or shorts for the summer.
B004GB11Z2 Awsome its just what the title says awsome great shoes, the color is great the fit is perfect and its a great pair of shoes im already buying the black and green ones !!!
B004GB1242 Excellent!!! Very comfortable, excellent and great quality.Fits great, nice design.This product really exceeded my expectations. Just what I was looking for.
B004GB1242 Worth the buy! Great shoes, great looking, and soooo comfortable! Priced worthy of the shoe! Good job Puma! I will return to buy more in the Future
B004GB1242 Dope Great shoes, a contemporary take on late 70's/early 80's sneakers. Feel good on the feet in a simple way. Great price. Happy with this buy in every way.
B004GB1242 Great Look, Decently Fitting I have big feet, so I wasn't expecting these to be perfect, but they're pretty close. These shoes are wonderfully light and look great, I get complimented on them all the time.
B004GB1242 awesome and a great deal for the $$ these shoes fit perfectly (US Size 10.5)...you never know when you can't try them on, but these were spot on for what I would expect from a shoe store.  The brand in general looks so sharp and the variety of color options is great.
B004GB13IM Great looking shoe, but super poor quality. These are great looking shoes and very comfortable, but they are super poor quality. Within a few months the uppers came detached from the sole right inside the inner part of the ankle. I was only wearing them around casually and at work. I work retail. I would definitely not recommend these to anyone.
B004GB14HM Great shoes Bought these for my daughter. She loves the fit and feel. Great traction for indoor soccer in the gym. She thinks they look great too.
B004GB14HM Indoor Soccer I couldn't beat the price on this for my teenager who's feet are constantly growing.  They were great for the indoor soccer season and afterwards he wore them to school.  Like most canvas sneakers they wore through quickly, but all in all a great shoe.  And it fits true to size.
B004GB1A8U Comfy! I live in these shoes.  The color looks great with khaki pants.  The arch and support are super and seem to give me great posture.
B004GB1E7C Great shoe, Great price! Great shoes, sizing was right on and got them at a steal for $31.48 plus my prime 2day shipping included. The only down fall of the shoes is keeping them clean; Puma should include an after purchase care insert with the shoes. All in all they are a light, cool looking shoe.
B004GEATZ2 great shoes for your kid Excellent...it was a great deal. Thanks!!!!!!!! It arrived on time and the size fits very well for my son.Nice color and great price
B004GEATZ2 shoes are great! The shoe is great, easy to clean! The fit is just as expected. We are happy with our purchase at Amazon
B004GEATZ2 Great shoes Good looking shoes, my daughter loves them. They look great on and the dirt wipes off easily. Pumas are great.
B004GEATZ2 Great Shoes I love the sporty look of these shoes.  They fit great on my five year old son. I've bought many Pumas for him in the past, and I'll definitely buy them again once he grows out of them.
B004GNQIOE Great! Great shoes .  I used them every weekend and i m so happy .  I recommend these PUMA ! Looks great and amazing !
B004GNQIOE Puma SE running shoe tend to be a bit tight, so size accordingly.  Great quality, Great performance, Good looks too.  I've had mine a month and would purchase again.
B004IETKWS Look and Feel Great Comfortable cleats. The appearance is very sleek, as well. Great price for such a durable cleat. Would recommend to anyone of all ages.
B004IETKWS Great simple cleats Nice looking, effective cleats, just not very well padded. Still, it gets the job done, isn't expensive, and looks great.
B004IWRZP4 Great! I love this shirt- it's comfy, well-made, and the long length is great.  I wear it to the gym regularly.
B004IZLG74 Great shorts - great color wish there was at least 1 pocket. but other wise these are great! I use these shorts for my kickball team and they really stand out.
B004IZLG74 Great shorts no pockets Great shorts, they look great, weigh nothing, dry instantly, and literally are like wearing nothing. My only gripe is they have no pockets whatsoever, which would be desirable.
B004J4X4CO Great Looking, Great feeling cleat! Fits as expected, looks even better than expected. I actually use this cleat for a local kickball league and it works perfect!
B004J4X4OM Great fit Ordered the cleats for my son.  since he has a wide foot it is very hard to find good cleats at your local sport store.  Ordered these and they fit great and they look nice too.  Looking forward to a great soccer season!!!
B004J4X4OM Great Soccer Cleat The cleats were delivered on time and it's a great fit for a person with wide feet and it looks great. I would definitely recommend this for a person with wide feet.
B004J4X5WS Great Exercise Shoe! These shoes are great for exercising.  I use them to Zumba.  They keep my feet nice and cool with the mesh sides, but still are cushioned. The color is really trendy right now, ex. the USA Olympic running team?? Great shoe, especially for the price.
B004J4XHMQ Great price - awsome shoes! These shoes look great, fit wonderfully and at a bargain price! What more can you ask for?  You will not be dissapointed!
B004J4XNNO Great work shoe! I wear these shoes to work often.  They look enough like normal flats that they are appropriate for work.  Feel great, my feet don't hurt at the end of the day!
B004J4XNNO Great! I love Puma's! They are comfortable and fit great, these are my go to shoes for the spring and fall.
B004J4XNNO Great casual shoes! I had been looking for something just like this for my trip to London last year. Could not find anything like them at all and settled for something else.  They look and fit great -- even had a compliment from my SOL.
B004J4XNNO Great Comfy Versatile Shoe Great comfortable shoe. Great for going to work, a short walk or just use in the house. I order 6 my usual size and 6.5 and stayed with the 6. It was a tad to snug but after one week its great. Will be back for more once this gets worn. Great Buy!
B004J4XNNO Monika Great product both in size and fit. Very comfortable and nice looking shoe. Looks great when dressed informal. Will buy in another color
B004J4XQL8 Perfect slip on These shoes are the perfect slip on shoes. They are a great value, and they go with nearly anything, great shoe.
B004J4XQW2 Great Stylish shoes! Received these shows on a timely manner. When I received them I immediately tried them on. Great pair of sneakers!
B004JF5TQW Great Fits my 5 year old perfect. Great condition and exactly as described. Was a perfect gift for my daughter. Thanks again
B004K00GLE very very very very good for price Fits well and gives great touch when in play..soft heels and very comfortable. don't let weight full you great great
B004K00GLE Fits perfectly This shoe is great for the price and quality. I have played football with it once and it feels great. Replaced my adidas F50 boots that suddenly was tight with these and they fit well. Will update with more usage.
B004K00GTG GREAT They fit great! I played a season in them,they are intact. They were fine.. lol I loved the colors they came in
B004KP726G fast, fast, faas ordered shoes on a sunday. shipped from kentucky. received in california on thursday. great service, great price. shoes look and fit great.
B004M4DBGA Golf by Puma This is a great buy an I like fashion...as noted in other reviews they do run smaller but the price and comfort is there...I recommend these for the leisure golf outing and I have multiple pairs of golf shoes for all courses, comfort, and company...so it was a great addtion to my collection.
B004MF8KW4 Great Comfort and Looks Pumas have always been great shoes for other athletic endeavors from my younger days in the 70s.  As a golfer from the age of 12, lately I have gone to the more athletic golf shoe for comfort. I've had Nikes, Foot Joys, and Adidases. These are the best. I play frequently and these are well worth it. Generally, in tournaments, I wear my my leather shoes, but now these are great, and look so. Go Rickie Fowler, Puma owes you and welcome to Golf, Puma.
B004MMFRG4 great fit, look super nice! My nephew loves it, bright red and great fit. Great quality too, after several washes it still looks as new.
B004NTQ52G Good Buy I have been pleasantly surprised by the fit and feel of these shoes. They feel like a great fitting puma shoe with better street grip for motorcycle riding.  The offer very limited protection but they are good off the bike and look great as well. These are not for the track or serious canyon carving but great around town or for a short work commute.  I am very happy with my purchase and as always Amazon's Internet Marketplace and shipping are top notch.
B004NTQ52G Going to go great with the Motorcycle I purchased these shoes so that I have something else ducati for when I'm on my motorcycle. They look great and fit perfect! Very comfortable to walk around in as well! GREAT BUY!
B004NTV8J6 Great product great buy! I received the Puma Ducati's on time at an excellent price for the quality. My son is very happy with his gift.
B004O95B0W Great shirt This shirt has a nice square cut(at the shoulder area) too it. Very few shirts have this apperance. It looks great on me and just fits great.
B004S08HMG Great shorts! Great shorts!
B004S4V10C great pants! i bought these capri length yoga pants for my 5 yr old and we both love them! they are light and look great!
B004SGU4VM Perfect Looks really great and it is 100% leather. I got many compliments on these, so I would rate it as a great buy.
B004SUANZU Great shoes Great shoes...Were too small for my son so I sold them toma friend here in Brazil and everybody wants them
B004SUANZU Beautiful They look great when you wear them on the field or just casually. Good fit and great sole for grip.
B004SUANZU Great shoes!! Great shoes!! They fit great and are very stylish with jeans. I love me some Pumas! I highly recommend them.
B004SUANZU Great Shoes! Love these things! Good fit, great color and great price. Nice combination. My closet is full of shoes and these were a great addition!
B004SUANZU Great shoes Really comfortable, and high quality construction.  They are great for walking around, and I've received a lot of compliments on them.
B004SYLYN6 great Great pricegreat colorsgreat packaginggreat qualitygreat feelgreat lookto sum up these puma socks.... downright GREAT!!
B004T3M57K GReat shoe incredibly comfortable, very lightweight and casual wear, u can slip these on with shorts or jeans and they look great, plus they do start to wear off, but no to the point of breaking apart, so they look even nicer as time passes by
B004V7HRCM Great quality shirt My kid loves Puma. I don't know why, he really got into it. It's fine with me, but I don't want him wearing the same shirt every day. Puma has lots of cool shirts, so it works out.  These shirts are great quality, very very soft, the color doesn't run at all, they don't shrink, and they fit great.  What else can you say?
B004VRIA5A Great purchase! The shoes which came ended up being a great purchase. The materials seem to be of very good quality and looks great.
B004VW5QT8 great product. great customer service I ordered the red pumas with ferrari logo for my brother as a birthday gift. He loved the shoes. I chose expedited shipping and the order arrived very quickly. Customer service is responsive and helpful. Overall a professional seller with great products. Would purchase from this reliable seller again.
B004WLEF6S Great fit It took a little bit to break these shoes in, but after I did, they felt great! And for the price, you can't beat them.
B004WLEF6S AWESOME. This is hands down the best deal on quality shoes. They feel great, look great, and fit snug but comfortably.
B004WLEF6S first time I ever got a complament on my sneakers great fit everyone loves them i bought 3 pairs one for me 2 for gifts it comes in great colers
B004WLEF6S Great retro shoes. Great price This is an excellent shoe. Fits great and looks great right out of the box. Recommend for everyday casual wear. Hard to find especially at the great price I found!
B004XD0K1Y great find! great buy my fiance is a watch lover and this is a little out of the norm for what types he wears but he loved it and the quality was great! :)
B004XD0PFA Great! The product was everything that I wanted!  It's the perfect colour, size, shape and design. Thank you for a great product.
B004XD0RCG Great Watch great service! Five Star all the way! Was a great addition to my collection. Just one complaint get more items like this on sale...lol!
B004XD0V7C Great Quality! Great Quality, and very stylish... People are going to ask you where you got it! It's also very comfortable! !
B004ZGD840 Great These shoes fit great and are surprisingly comfortable for such a thin-soled shoe.  I've had lots of compliments on these.  I have worn them for about 18 months and they're still going strong.
B004ZIP4U4 great shoes Great fit, great colorI do alot of cross training, this is the first per of shoes that didn't break on me from the first week. They are still intact and in the same great shape they were made in.
B004ZIP5GW Great fit at a great price. I purchased these shoes on sale for $42 and couldn't be happier.  The tongue of the shoe is connected to the body, which looks a little odd initially, but provides a tight fit around your foot.  So far this shoe has been great for light running on a treadmill as well as lifting.Comfortable, form-fitting, and supportive shoes at a great price.
B004ZIP5GW Amazing shoes These shoes are very comfortable and exceptionally great looking.  I would recommend buying these shoes.  Great deal from a great brand.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe Great product. Great price, Works perfectly.Shipped and received in a timely manner.No complains item as described. Fits perfectly and i especially love that its not common down here because i like to be different. Nice color
B004ZIP5GW great shoe It was comfortable from the first time I put it on.  Great support and comfort. I would buy it again.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes I've had several pairs of these and there're great shoes. Great fit and color choices. Very comfortable and light weight.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe and great fit These shoes have really held up.  My son wore these his entire Freshmen year of High School.  He walks everyday to lunch off campus and has never had a blister.  They are comfortable and fit great.  Would buy again.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe So comfortable.  I have flat feet so I am very picky about what I wear.  These shoes fit nice. Great.
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable, great fit I got these shoes for my husband to use on the treadmill, and they've worked out really great!  He says they fit well and have great support.  Would definitely buy them again.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome shoes for the price Great lightweight shoes (not as light as I thought but still light), with great color schemes (I bought 3 dif ones) and I love the no tongue style. The size was true, I am 12 on the other Nike and Adidas I have and yup, these 12s were exactly on spot, great fit. I think they were a total bargain (got them with the chest price of $45each). Truly recommended! They are really comfortable to walk in!
B004ZIP5GW great item, good price great foot wear, but not good in winter, if you step on ice watch out, other than that, great item
B004ZIP5GW not the best, but great price these shoes have amazing colors but the style/shape or the shoe is very bad. they look like boats no curves. they look cheap, and you can see some glue.
B004ZIP5GW Brilliant Good shoe with great fit. Comfortable and worth the money. Will buy more if price is right. Recommended for purchase
B004ZIP5GW great shoes they do fit snug.  they also look great PUMA does a rock star job with their designs and these shoes do not disappoint.  look great at the gym or with denim
B004ZIP5GW not comfortable but looks great stylish and look terrific but not a great running shoe. The sizing also runs small, they barely fit.... I would not buy these again
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes Great shoes at a great price.  I work in a bakery so I spend all day on my feet.  I usually run after work and my feet feel fine as soon as I slip them on.
B004ZIP5GW Love it. The shoes fits exactly, the adjustment is amazing.The quality of the product is great and this looks great.Highly recommended.
B004ZIP5GW GREAT SHOE This Puma Voltaic is very comfortable.  It is very roomy and a great fit.  I'm not a runner but I use these on the treadmill at the gym.  These are my go to shoes and the styling is great as well.
B004ZIPVIE Puma Cleats I like these puma cleats mostly because they are low cut, nice sleek look, the colors are cute and they have a great grip. I did not rate these a full 5 stars only because they are Men's 7.5 and even though they fit great, as a woman, there happened to be a little space at the top. I have to wear two pairs of socks to fill in the space but other than that, it's great!
B004ZIT63U Wow!  Great shoe I bought these marked way down for the black color.  What a great buy.  We've had these shoes for a couple months now and they are holding up like new.
B004ZIT63U Look great! The shoes look great, but, because I have issues with my left foot (bone spur in heel) I have to place an orthotic in the shoe. Unfortunately, when I put in the orthotic, the shoe is too tight. I wear a woman's size 5 and these were a 3.5 which fit great, but, if you have issues with your feet you might want to pass on these. I will keep them to wear without the orthotic when I am just going grocery shopping. However, I can not wear them to work-out.
B004ZIT63U perfect instyle shoes My daughter loved loved loved these shoes when they arrive ed. She received so many compliments at school. They were perfect. Not too bright, yet completely on trend. Great shoe, great price.
B004ZIT63U Great color and fit Great color, great fit! My son's first tie shoes and he loves them. The color stands out and they are comfortable as well.
B004ZIT63U A Great Shoe! Great shoes!! I read some reviews and ppl were saying the shoes were a bit to small so my 13yr old son last pair of shoes were a 5.5 so I ordered these in a 6.5 and they fit great with a lil room to grow! Great color too!  I will be ordering another pair!
B004ZIT63U great great Just what I need and wanted ! will buy agin  and tell all my friends  how fast the shiping is !! love it
B004ZIT63U Fit and look great these are for my son.  they look awesome.  he was very excited to wear them. they fit great - he looks wonderful.  as of wear and tear dont know yet - we'll see - they look very resistent
B004ZIT63U Perfect fit for my daughter Great quality and perfect fit for my daughter, recommend to everybody, you will not regret, I just can say THANK YOU
B004ZITHZC Adorable shoes! I bought these for my son as his first pair of shoes and they are awesome! the quality is great and they are adorable. I decided to buy him the next size up for when the size 4s no longer fit. They look great with any outfit. I would highly recommend.
B004ZITHZC Perfect for my 1 year old Great product great quality. Flexible and light enough for my 1 year old to walk perfectly.No laces or anything to get on the his way to be safe.And great design.
B004ZITHZC Perfect fit My son is really picky about his shoes. Puma fits his foot perfectly and they look great too. Very happy!
B004ZITHZC Great fit. These were bought for my great grandson and my granddaughter says she loves them.  They are great fit and came quickly as promised.
B004ZITQ2G Great shoes for our 1 year old I absolutely love these shoes! We bought them for our 1 year old as she has a wider foot and these have worked great. They are super cute too! They seem to work out great for her and are comfortable. I like that when i take them off of her that her toes are not red or rubbed raw. I was afraid of that, but these have worked great! I highly recommend them if you can find them for a good price. I didn't pay much over $35 for the pair i got since she won't be in them too long but had to do a little splurge. Enjoy!
B0050U7C8I Great shoes Great shoes, o like them a lot. Fit as espected. Good for kids. Soft and resistant materials and nice colors.
B0050UGDJC Great fit! Shoes were in perfect condition and were a great fit for my little one. Arrived when promised and are perfect
B0051W0890 Comfy I have only worn these once, but they were great! I plan to just use these for cross training and they seem great. I will probably put my super feet inserts in these because there is not much support.
B00525HQP0 looks great Bought this for my 5 year old son. Looks great and looks awesome on him. Soft & warm. Not too snug or loose, just right fit.
B0053A2M3A Great Buy very light snickers,comfertable,looks great,dont know how long its gonna last but i think it depence to the person whos wearing it
B0053A2M3A Awesome shoe Really comfortable light and breath really well they are pretty great would buy again fast shipping and service look great where them for everything
B0053VMPHC Great Fit Light weight and fit great. I am 6'4&#34; 225 and the waist fits as it should and the length falls right to the middle of my knee.
B0053VMRR0 Great Workout Shirt Great moisture wicking material keeps you dryer and cool while working out.  Seems like it is well made and will last.  I love Puma stuff, so this is a great addition.
B0054XVFH0 Great Bag Bought this for my son.  Great tote and works as a day pack for camp and hiking..He used it all summer for various trips and camps and it has held up very well.Love the great colors!
B005543Z5S great shoes!! they are great to run in, true to size, color, and light weight. they are very comfortable to run in,
B005543ZHQ Great fit and great seller My husband loves these shoes!  Great fit and great seller!
B005544T94 fast arrival! The shoes feel great and look great and arrived in no time! I thought they were going to be more red but they are sort of orange but still nice. I would order from you again for sure.
B0055523WS Fantastic Love then a lot, they fit great, they look great, they feel great. thanks again for selling these to me
B005552422 Fairly comfortable It was much as I expected for the price that I paid, i.e. not particularly great but certainly far from horrendous.
B005552422 Great! These shoes are comfortable, great and apparently was a favored gift! They look exactly like the picture and fit true to size.
B005552422 Excellent shoes great shoes, top quality and comfort with great style. Bring a cool bag to store them as great detail. I wear them most often than my other sneakers including the chucks, i highly recommend them
B005552422 Great shoes perfect fit Great shoes fit just right. You have to be a moron if you get confused by the sizing chart.  Great pair of shoes!
B005552422 nice shoe this shooe is great, fits well looks great with skinny jeans / excellent for walking or skate boarding/ also great for boat shoes
B005552422 Great deal on Puma casual shoe Great price. Quick shipping. Fit exact as my other pair of Pumas...which generally run a little short. Very pleased with the product.
B005552422 Great shoes Gives such a great casual look and matches anything and the color last.  This shoe is very easy to clean and keep looking stylish!
B0055528IM Great shoe for the price! Bought these for $25 around Christmas.  Fantastic feel and fit.  You can wear them in Business Casual situations.  Buy them!
B00555AO2E great !!! great!!! only problem they sent the wrong color now i hope they'll will fix it i like the color i got but it's not what i ordered but as far as the product fits perfect and very comfortable
B0055BZJGY Great shoes! Very cute sneakers. The design is beautiful and eye catching. I got the black/fuschia/purple and they look stylish and trendy. They feel extremely lightweight and they're very confortable. Great for power walks. Easy to put on and take off. I also love the velcro strap for easy closure. I find they're true to size. Great quality. These are my first PUMA sneakers and I'm very happy with my purchase. I would definitely recommend.
B0055PN9OO Great This shoes actually looks better to the naked eye if fits great and sole is very comfortable it come in a very little cleaver bag. Its just sweet. The Seller is a reliable one.
B0055QUAFO Great shoes! These are my husbands favorite shoes! They fit great, look exactly as described. Great price! My husband states they are very comfortable! Wound definetly buy again!
B0055X9OO0 My wife absolutely loves the shoes! She says they feel great, and they look great on her feet as well i must say. Very good purchase with a great price!
B0055XCS3Y Great fashion shoes This pair of fashion shoes is great for a long walks. Very soft and fresh shoes, 100% confortable. Great purchase!
B0056YRCTW Great boots and seller Great football boots at a great price! the shipping was fast and no problems at all! They do feel a bit tighter than my other 10.5 shoes...Next time I would order at least half a size more!
B0057DPSQG feels great! This Puma boxers feels great and looks good. I do love the color options they have in three color packs.
B0057DPSQG great great fit, love the style. dont under stand why you need so many words, but this is it so thats that
B0057DPSQG great product !!!!! These underwear are great! they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable when exercising. I would really recomend these because they are cheaper than others but just as good.
B0057DPSQG Look great, feel great, fit well. Nicer than the Merona brand I usually buy at Target. Costs a little more but I think they're worth it.
B0057DPSQG Inexpensive and great product for the price My finance liked the look of the boxers and the price was great for me but they did not fit so we had to send them back.  I would re-order because they came fast.
B0057DPSQG great underwear These are worth every penny, they fit great, feel comfortable, and very soft.  I have ordered at least 9 pairs.  the only thing, which I think I'm being nitpicky about, is the little puma logo peeled off after a few washes, but no biggie.  Will be ordering more.
B0057DPSQG Great fit and comfort Great fit and comfort and very stylish. Nice and warm in the Seattle winter! Very happy with these. LIke them very much!
B0057N10RC great product! It's a perfect fit, it has a very nice feel and it's very comfortable to run in. Overall a great product!
B0057Z710U Great Gift!!! The product came before expected so it got a plus on my behave because it was going to be a gift for my younger brother. He loved it and it looks even better in person. In all great watch to buy.
B0058XE0GY Puma Quality! Shoes fit great and are well made. Sturdy construction allows wearing in all weather conditions and they feel like they will last a long time. Also a great maroon color that can be hard to find.
B0058XE0GY Great fit/great price. Fantastic gloves, stylish and comfortable. just dont try and type on your keyboard while wearing them as the keysl;akge aavlkjawe
B0058XE334 Great pumas These are great looking, great fit, nice and light. Puma always delivers. I would recommend to anyone who likes Pumas.
B0058XEE88 Great product. great product
B0058XEVXQ Great shoes! Amazing shoes my husband lovesthem, looks great and fits great! Recommend to anyone for sure, every day or going out shoes.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes! These are my introduction to puma and what a great introduction it is. I love these puma's. They are super comfortable to workout in and don't bad for casual wear.
B0058XF1V2 Great looking shoes for a great price These shoes are a stunner. The sizes are accurate (at least, compared to other Puma shoes) and they look amazing. They're white, so you'll have to do some maintenance to keep them that way, but they look great.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes Very comfortable as I want it. Great color and fit delicius walking like I don't have shoes on. Excellent Price
B0058XF1V2 great very comfortable . I order this pairof shoes half size than I am, and comfortable, great looking .look nice! buy them love the leather.
B0058XF60I Great shoe! Fit is perfect. good cushioning. light weight.These shoes look great and are perfect for cool weather/winter. excellent quality of workmanship.
B0058XF6Q2 great! bought these as a present for my dad he was very happy with them he is a puma fan so whenhe complemented the quality i just new they were great .
B0058XF6Q2 Great Shoes The shoes are perfect. Well made, look great. I even bought my 2 year old niece a pink pair to match. My only issue was that I originally ordered a 9.5 and they were to small. So I exchanged them for the 10.5 and they fit great. So I think the sizes run a little small.
B0058XF6Q2 great price These shoes fit my 13 yr old great. Look great too!!  His second pair, this was the best price by far.Quick shipping. Thank You
B0058XFAJU Decent pair of sneaks These are a good, comfortable and somewhat durable shoe. Although, in my opinion they are a little over-priced, but they look great, they are made out of high quality material, and feel great on your feet even after a long day. I would recommend these to any of my friends.
B0058XFAMC Great Deal It is a great product conffortable since the first minute i try it on and the service is really good
B0058XFJTQ awesome these fit perfectly and are really comfortable. couldn't be happier with them and the great price they were offered at.
B0058XFP4A great shoes recieved these shoes for my son , they fit great . May order others for the younger ones , ?
B0058XFP86 Great It seem its one size smaller than that's listed. But it's a great shoe, gave it to my sister and she loved it
B0058XFP86 Great sneakers Fit great and are very light and flexible. They breathe well and are a different style from other shoes, well done shoes!
B0058XFP86 Great Comfy shoes I usually wear a 10 and the 10 fits greatSuper comfy, great for walking all dayLooks as weird and cool in person as I had hoped!
B0058XFP86 Shoes Look Great When the shoes arrived they looked great and was a surprise for Christmas. They arrived on time and proved to be a hit.Couldn't be happier
B0058XFP86 Great but... This is a great product in design and feel, but my issues are the sizing. I already followed the advice of most of the reviews to get a half size higher, and it still felt too tight.
B0058XFP86 Look Ma, no laces. These were a gift for my autistic son. He lack the fine motor skills to operate laces and unfortunately for him, most velcro shoes that come in his size are geared towards old men. Not cool for a teenager. Thank goodness Puma stepped up. These are great shoes (I may have tried them on myself just to make sure they looked good). The have a great design, a great fit, no tongue to get bunched up, great tread and best of all... they look way cool. Or whatever the kids are saying now. Bonus: they come in a dazeling array of colours.
B0058XFPLS Great product Wonderful product, great price, fast processing. Highly recommend as a casual sneaker. Good design, comfortable fit, keeps others jealous and constantly asking where i got them.
B0058XFPLS Great shoe! Look great. Feel great. Run great.Reasonable price, quick delivery. Even nicely packaged.The only thing to improve them is to lower their price.Highly recommend.
B0058XFPLS Great everyday shoes These have been my everyday shoes for the past 6 months. I could not be happier. These provide a good balance between fashion and comfort. They look great and are all day comfortable. They are also holding up great after 6 months, would definitely buy again.
B0058XFPLS Great shoes! Not only did this order show up in a few days, but the shoes look and feel great! This is my second pair of these.Buy them you won't be disappointed.
B0058XFPLS Great Sneakers They look and fel great. Usually new sneakers are always tight and take a while to break in. These will feel great on and look great on your feet. recomend them to anyone who likes great sneakers
B0058XFRLG I'm in love with these shoes. So I've always been a big fan of Puma's shoes. I own a brown, a black, and a red pair of the Speedcat shoes that they offer. These however are a great option as well! The only complaint I have about other puma's is that the white stripe gets very dirty over time, these haven't yet, and I'm sure they won't because it is black! They are a great build quality and the green on the eyelets and the back "puma" logo are great touches.Great for Soccer, Hackysack or just being stylish.
B0058XFYDC great sneakers great boots fits my brother and he likes it it matches his new hat so he is happy he got it.
B0058XFYDC great They fit great, look great. I have always bought Puma shoes from back in the day and they are still made just as good.
B0058XGI5A great product arrived ahead of scheduled, packaged well, looks great and feels great. perfect fit...  would purchase more of the same or similar as needed and when needed.
B0058XGI5A Great but a little small I gave 4 star just because my size is 10.5 and i know puma's brands are tight so i buy them 11 to ensure they will fit well. i did it with another pair and was great but with these ones wasn't so lucky. beyond that all great!
B0058XGI5A Excellent Pumas are great shoes.True to size with a snug feel.Quality is great.Look is great.These shoes are good for running or fashion. Whichever choice you make.
B0058XGI5A great shoe great price the bottoms are kinda narrow but other then that if your now going to the club with them its a great shoe
B0058XGI5A great deal!!! very soft, ergonomic, like to use at home...!!!good quality, I would like recomend you it also black color are great.
B0058XGLKC fit perfectly and comfortably it amazingly fit perfectly, no complains what so ever. great color and great price. good for running and walking and going to the gym
B0058XGLKC I miss when athletic shoes were normal colors I am a heel stomper when i run and these were perfect for that. I just wish they still made these in normal colors. Dark Shadow/Silver was a great looking shoe. Great fit... Super Comfy.. Great looking shoe... Where can I get these again that dont look like crayola vomit?
B0058XGLKC Great deal. Excellent shoe for the price. I've had for a while and they have held up nicely. Fit just right and look pretty flashy. I really like the puma style
B0058XH4L2 I love these Pumas! These shoes are very comfortable.  The size runs true.  I walked for miles on vacation and they fit great and kept my feet comfortable.  A great all around shoe.
B0058XH4L2 Puma ballet flats are great! These shoes are great and are true to size.  They are are very comfortable and look great with anything.  I would recommend these puma shoes to anyone looking for a flat, slip on, ballet looking sneaker.
B0058XH5D4 Awesome I have these in three colors and love them. Great for running , I'm a PA great for being on my feet as well . So comfy and supportive and they look great !
B0058XH5D4 Great Great color, very comfortable!! I used them the next day I got them, no pain at all!! liked that they are wide, not that much because my feet are normal, but wide enough to exercice comfortably.
B0058XH5D4 Fit & Look Great!!!! Very happy with how comfortable with how these are, fit true to size. Color is true to picture and description.
B0058XH5D4 great colors I purchased this pair when they were deal of the day, and i have received so many compliments. They are awesome shoes, great price and colors :)
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! Very comfortable. Feels great during spinning. Would highly reccommend to anyone looking for a great running shoe. Great value too.
B0058XH5D4 Great Buy! I usually go with Nike but these sneakes seemed like a great find. So glad I bought them!  They seem to have better support but I have only wore them once. Well made and comfy!
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! These shoes are really comfortable and great to run in.True to size and a great fit around your toes.
B0058XH5D4 great purchase i ordered these shoes for my girlfriend for christmas and she loves em fits great there durable , exactly as advertised.
B0058XH5PM As expected Great shoes. Very confortable and great quality. I owned a pair which they fulfill their time and I needed to get a new one. Awesome look and the most important thing, really easy to kick off to relax!!
B0058XH5PM Love them I use them for cycling (as they have no laces) as well as walking, very comfortable and they fit just right.Build quality for the price is exceptional, plus they look great!
B0058XH5PM Great for my feet.... After multiple back surgeries I have great difficulty getting shoes I can live with. These suit me to a tee. Most excellent purchase. Also purchased the black version.
B0058XH5PM Great Shoes Comfortable, and good looking. Just what you expect from Puma.True to size. Feel snug, but not tight.Great Value
B0058XH5PM Great! The shoes are great; got them for my boyfriend and he loves them.  Just make sure you mesaure your foot before ordering becuase i find the sizes are different.
B0058XH854 Great color and fit I am so happy with this purchase. These fit great and I love the color. They are also easy to keep clean.
B0058XHD86 great flip flop great flip flop, great price. bought them for my self, my son and my nephew. all my friends are ordering them them also
B0058XHD86 Great sandals for the price! Love these sandals,They fit great and arrived on time. :) I would order again in the future in different colors.
B0058XHEBM Great Shoes I love the Puma Roma's.  They have a great fit and feel, and great quality.  I'm on my second pair.
B0058XHEBM mice great looking and great feeling shoe.  you can't beat the price either.  i would recommend to any one lookong for new pumas
B0058XHEBM Perfect! These shoes were a perfect fit and look great. However, the description should have said all white instead of gray.
B0058XHEBM Great deal Great price. Stylish and the color you can wear with anything. Great deal, fast delivery. Must buy, great fit for any guy.
B0058XHEBM Look Great For the price, I can't complain. I didn't expect leather for $35. They look great with the red shoe laces I put in them. They are everyday wearer so I'm sure they will last me a long time.
B0058XHEBM Great! Thanks for the shoes, they are great and I was waiting for they, the price is good and the size is perfect for me. Thank you!
B0058XHEBM grrrrrrreat! Great shoe.  Fits great.  Feels great.  Looks great.  Was on the fence for a bit when deciding to grab this shoe...glad I did
B0058XHEBM Buy these if you please. Great shoes. A little small on my feet. But a overall great purchase.
B0058XHEBM Great !!! Great stuff, good qualiy and very trendy. The packing was orignal and arrived on time.Highly reccommended and will purchase  again in future.
B0058XHEBM Great style - excellent fit This is my 3rd pair of Puma Roma Basic sneakers - Very comfortable walking shoes and great color combination options.
B0058XHEBM great shoe I bought it for someone he loved it he said that it fitted him very good with ease it is a great buy
B0058XHY3K Great shoes! Great price! Very nice!
B0058XHY3K great show Way too small. great show otherwise
B0058XI8BM Looks cool, Not great quality, Way too small The sizing is way off. Ordered a 12 which fit like a 10. Not Pumas best work. The construction wasn't great, loose stitching and inconsistent appearance.
B0058XIVRS Great shoes! Very cute sneakers. The design is beautiful and eye catching. I got the dark shadow/Aqua/White and they look stylish and trendy. They are extremely lightweight and they're very confortable. Great for power walks. Easy to put on and take off. I also love the velcro strap for easy closure. I find they're true to size. Great quality. I'm very happy with my purchase. I would definitely recommend.
B0058XJJ88 Great shoes I am so glad I decided on this pair. Great fit, comfortable, and great look. I would recommend these shoes to anyone.
B0058XJJ88 Great At first I was a little worried not trying the shoes on myself & ordering online, but they were a great buy. They were less expensive here than in the local shoe store and were just as expected.
B0058XJSEI Excellent! Very comfortable, excellent and great quality.Fits great.This product really exceeded my expectations. Just what I was looking for.
B0058XKSCY Great Buy Got these for my wife to do zumba in and she loves them. Fit her great and provides the support and stability she was looking for.
B005931X2C Pumas Great product!!!!! My son loved them and they held up through everything!!!!  I would definately buy these shoes again!! A+++ service!
B00593F7L0 great! looove it, fits great like expected. good material so i wont get attacked by mosqiutos when i run in summer
B00593GHYG Puma This item got here amazingly fast. It looks better than the picture. I love it. Fits perfectly, great quality! Great price.
B00593HNX0 Best Great size, great quality and amazing different colors even thought after a while I ordered another hoodie but with different color.
B00593IES8 great sweats.. very comfortable super happy with these pants.. very soft and comfortable.. the fit is great.. wear these all the time.. puma makes a great product.. will buy again
B00594F444 great! arrived on time, they look just like in the picture, nice blue, great shoes, they are just beautiful! I love them
B00595IXPU Great shoes at a great price! As I write this I'm wearing these shoes. I have to say they are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn, they are very reasonably priced and they look great. These are awesome, even for Puma, who usually has great shoes. If you want something comfy and stylish these are great shoes.
B00595JOOY Great shoe, great look, great price. This shoe looks sleek, feels great, and is definitely worth the price. I ended up saving $40 by purchasing it off Amazon.
B00595JOOY Surprise... I wear an 11 D shoe and  that's what I ordered and they fit great! Worried about a proper fit, but they fit just great.  Great looking shoe!  I like it so much I ordered a black pair.
B00595JOOY Great shoe! Great fit and love the style.
B00595JOOY Great shoe Great and sharp looking - a bit unique.  very comfortable and appears to be well made though I only have had them a week, would readily recommend them.  Extremely comfortable and at home with a causal slack, jeans, whatever. G
B00595JOOY Great Service! Great Product! These are my husband's favorite shoes! I really wanted to give them to him for Christmas, and I was able to because of the speedy deliver! I am very happy with the product and the service!
B00595JOOY Great choice This is a lovely item, its stylish, comfortable, just as described. I got a great deal on it too. I would recommend it to anyone.
B00595JOOY great shoes shoes are great just what one would expect from a quality product. Fit and feel as if I have been wearing them all my life.
B00595JOOY Great shoe for business casual offices Lets be honest, most bosses aren't going to care what you wear on your feet as long as it looks business-esque. These are comfortable, look great, and the price point is solid. Get them a half size up. I'm a 10.5 and an 11 fits just right.
B00595JOOY Great look and feel This was money well spent I will recommend it to all my friends the look and feel is just Awesome.
B00595JQ10 Great I think it's really great! Fit as expected!
B00595JQIS They fit great! Very soft and light They fit great!  Very soft and light.  Would recommend it.
B00599E1GQ Great fit, perfect soccer shoe These shoes are nice and tight, which makes them great to play soccer in. Additionally they aren't very expensive which makes them even better.
B0059BE484 Great fit Really comfortable and just the right amount of flex. The outsole might be thin, but they sure are though and very durable.Like it so much I bought this and a blue color - leather and synthetic version.Great shoes.
B005ADO31O Great product. Looks great, works great. No problems thus far. Light weight. Water resistant. Sporty look. Makes a nice gift as well :)
B005B2H1FE Great! Very nice shoes. Fit fine. Very light and great design. Can be use it everyday and wear with different clothing.
B005B2H1FE Good fit and comfort I got these shoes for riding my mountain bike. They fit great,are comfortable,and are light weight. To new to tell about how long they will last. But,for the price they are hard to beat.
B005BBADW8 Great fitness shoes! I was looking for some lightweight tennies to do my dance DVDs and these fit the bill perfectly! The price is right, the fit was spot on and love the colors!
B005CB59N0 Puma PowerCat 4.12 Great product, amazing delivery time. I am 100% happy with my purchase, will definitely continue to buy through Amazon. The cleats look fantastic, have great grip and are very comfortable. I have used them so far for both soccer and football, and they work great, dribbling and sharp cuts are easy even in rain.
B005CBR5SM Great I use them quite a bit and from my experience I think they work well for the price, and I recommend them.
B005CBX040 Great Cleats for the Price I'm always skeptical of buying cleats without trying them on. These were at a great price, so I went with them. I was not disappointed. They fit perfectly for me (which is pretty tight, as I like my cleats to be really tight for a good touch on the ball). I absolutely recommend them.
B005CC3PL2 great product it was a great product, unfortunately i ordered  a smaller size since it was in european sizing, so i gave it to my mother..and she is enjoying it
B005CK4QE4 too tight in toes easy slip on shoe durable Velcro is great but need to size up. bright colors. great for boy or girl.
B005CKB0WA Great Shoes, Great Price!!! Lovely shoes and very comfortable.......my son liked it and the price is amazing too.I would recommend these pair to everyone!!!
B005CKB0WA Great Shoe, Great Price I love Puma shoes for my sons. This pair was for my 4 1/2 year old. They are equally stylish and functional. Red accent is slightly redder than in the photo, as to me it looks orange. It is a yellow-towned Red as described.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe! These are great shoes that fit true to size. My little one finds them comfortable and enjoys wearing them on a daily basis. These shoes also look nice after tons of wear.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe Great fit, and so stinkin adorable! My daughter loves them and so do her Mom and Dad...so easy to get on and off. Fits a wider foot, too. Great traction and no tripping in these sneakers.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe Very comfortable and light weight which is perfect for my 2 year old. The colors are also great because they are vivid.
B005CKHBP0 Very Nice Shoes I ordered these to accompany a pair of black Pumas my grandson picked out for kindergarten....they are great! Look great with jeans!
B005COYRD0 Great Great shoes. The color looks great. The material looks somehow not so good, but they are good anyway. Very comfortable.
B005CVKA4I Great sneakers Sneakers can promptly in secure packaging and in new condition. I love pumas since they run wider, my 6 year old wears size 3 and so he's having fun tying is shoes. He's rough in stuff and has been wearing for a few weeks and they still look great.
B005CVWYPG great shoe I'm very happy with my purchase. Great quality, great design. I love Puma. My girls also like it so much.
B005DTR72W Perfect These sneakers were exactly what I was looking for.They not only look and feel great, but they're incredibly comfortable.
B005DTS9SS great shoes i love them cant say much besides they ARE GREAT. I ride a hybrid bike around my house and they are very comfortable! great looking pair i just hope they have the red and black next time.
B005F17KYI Great Outfit Fit my son perfect, Comfortable and nice. My son is picky with pants and these fit just right. Shipped on time and is  great.
B005HEJHYO Great shoe Shoes look great, fit is perfect, I have worn them for two days and they are very comfortable. The reason for the four rating: I haven't played golf in them yet. I don'y expect any problems.
B005HEJK3W golf shoes comfortable, price great, shipping cost great, great color does not show dirt. Husband has worn once and felt they were great fit.  He returned the white similiar shoes that he had purchased and not worn yet after he received this pair.  Shoes came in a timely manner!!
B005HEKWM0 These shoes look and feel great! Highly recommened. These shoes are really nice looking as well as feel great! Got a lot of compliments. Great addittion to any outfit.
B005HEKWM0 great Great shoes great price and quick shipping.only problem is this shoe runs a little big. Ordered 7.5 first and was way to big. 7 is still big could have used 6.5. I wear 8 in DC shoes for reference.
B005HEMCUA Great bag I have this bad for months now, maybe a year. It is great quality. It was exactly what I was looking for. It is not huge, it is not too small. I can fit my notebooks. I have the black version.The material is very soft.
B005HEN3GW Awesome shoes! Pictures doesn't do justice to this shoe. They look much better in real life. They fit great and I definitely got a great deal on them. Will definitely buy online again.
B005HEPA8G PUMA Blueprint Skate Backpack This backpack is great. The backpack is great for college use. I receive a lot of compliments on it. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because one of the strings attached to the zipper broke off. I retied it, works great. Nonetheless a great backpack
B005HEPXDI Fit well and look great The shoes are exactly what I expected. Very sharp looking. A very good shoe for your son or nephew who plays golf several times a month.
B005HEPXDI GREAT PRODUCT FOR AN 8 YEAR OLD The child was very happy with this product. Fits well and stlll looks great after a fun summer of golf.
B005I6YAU2 Great Cleats The cleats are sturdy and are great for grass fields. These cleats are highly recommended by me. The fit is great too. There is a nice feel and they are comfortable.
B005IKIS9C as usual, puma's are great my wifes loved these, she just went on and on about how much she enjoyed them. another great purchase through amazon
B005LCE58A GREAT BACK!! Great size back for not too much stuff to be used when going to the gym. I would recommend it a great size for running around from work to the gym.
B005LCEGM0 Great design The design is great, and it has the exact number and size of pockets I need to carry all of my gym equipment.
B005LCENV4 Great Product I received this gymsack and I was amazed at how sturdy it felt. After trying it out I can say that it is durable, looks great and I can fit my cleats and a few more items in it at the same time. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a durable gymsack.
B005LCENV4 Great for bike riding Bought this product for bike riding and I love it!! I use it to throw my work clothes in, lunch, tools for my job and running errands. Great buy and very lightweight. Very affordable and great deal!
B005OKOXYK A great pair of shoes! Great quality,fit,and style!I have had these shoes for a little over a year and they have been comfortable and have held up very well.
B005OMEGTA Great shoes, great buy Shoes are exactly as described and an awesome price.  Would definitely buy another color.  shipped fast and on time.  LOVE
B005ON39OC great deal I love them. The color is great, they are light, and I feel like I could wear them all day, great for running.
B005OT9Q98 Great Shoes! I love these shoes.  True to size and very comfortable.  I was looking for a sneaker and not an athletic shoe.  These look great and feel great.
B005OTA9R6 Great for Zumba These dance shoes are great for doing Zumba. I would recommend them to anyone who does Zumba excercising. Good seller, great product
B005OTA9R6 Great look, they are good for walking Even one of my Dr. saw them and with bouncing from room to room she said they were great! she is on her feet for 9 to 10 hours, I just love the clean look, I never had a problem with anything puma makes.
B005OTA9R6 Great shoes I ordered this shoes for my Zumba class. They have been great so far, just what I needed it. I am very satisfies with my purchase.
B005PVNAT2 Just what I expected These shoes are great they are just what I expected them to be. They do run big so order one size smaller than what you're used to. The price on these shoes are great.
B005R506IO Wonderful Purchase Great sneakers!  Great design!  This was purposely purchased a size larger because it is for a growing child.  Great decision because the sneakers runs a little small.  Packaging and delivery were great and timely.
B005R506IO Great shoes and value for money Shoes is a perfect fit for my daughter - very comfortable and very good value for money too. Great for school.
B005S0QEXE Looks great Looks great my son runs around in them great. They look good colors are nice great price for the shoe.
B005S0QEXE fit is on the smaller side Love the color and the quality. It's sizing fits a bit smaller than average fit for other shoes that i have bought for my son. GReat price i think and would definitely recommend it
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes Love the shoes. Look great and feel great. Got them quick. Very happy!!! I want another pair in a different color
B005ZFCUIA perfect fit great shoes for a great price. They look great and fit great. I usually wear 7.5 to 8 and I bought the 7.5 size. My feet are pretty average, not too wide or too narrow.
B005ZFCUIA Love the colors, not the shape. I loved these shoes online. The colors, the shape the look. But when I got them home I still loved the colors and they fit really nice, Snug around but so much great cushion for my feet. They were pretty wide though and I wear an 8 in these but they fit kind of big. I could keep them on no problem but they just look so big. They look overly wide, and they are pretty high and bulky. I am returning them due to them not looking at great on me.
B005ZFCUIA All day comfort The fit is great, the colors are vibrant.  The comfort in the heel is excellent, with grand support. I recommend this shoe to anyone who needs great cushioning and support.  Your feet and legs will thank you.
B005ZFCUIA Good Quality, Fits and Looks Great I'm very happy with these shoes! I use them primarily for walking and working out in the gym; they provide great support without being heavy or bulky.
B005ZFCUIA Great Sneakers & great buy!! Awesome sneakers! Fit perfect and I've had tons if compliments! They were such a good buy too that I couldn't pass them up!
B005ZFCUIA buy these now Awesome shoes, fit great, look great. Exactly what I wanted. Definitely not too narrow as others have stated. My favorite pair of work out shoes. I wear 7.5 ordered 7.5 and they're perfect.
B005ZFCUIA Great Cross-Trainer Awesome fit, great workmanship. Fits true to size, very comfortable and has great support. Would like to purchase a second pair.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe I like the color very light weight comfortable everyone  says I love your shoes great fit great price will buy again
B005ZFCUIA Very Comfortable I have never purchased Puma shoes before, but these shoes are so comfortable. The picture does not do it any justice, because the colors in person pop. Great combination. Great Price. My next athletic shoe will be Puma also.
B005ZFCUIA puma rock just got my shoes they look great and fit great just love my shoes thanks.alot will buy more pretty soon
B005ZFCUIA Puma shoe These shoes are exactly what I hoped they would be. The color is great.  People notice.  They fit my feet perfectly and feel wonderful.
B005ZJPAGA Great quality I got this shirt today and let me say that I am impressed with the quality of it. It was true to size (I bought a 4T), the colors are rich, and the shirt feels like it is made of very comfortable material. I am not disappointed! Thanks for a great buy!
B005ZJPTYS Great kids jacket Bought this as a birthday gift for my godson.  The jacket that I received was great/original quality and looks great on a five year old.  Definetely recommended!
B0061NY7QI Great choice I bought these for my husband to wear on a sailing vacation. He has very sensitive feet and barefoot is difficult for him. These look great and worked well giving him protection and stability.
B0064IPTA8 puma These sneakers are extremely comfortable and arrived in great shape. I Highly recommend this product and will absolutely buy these again.
B0066ALBZ6 Great price! Absolutely love the product and the price I paid for it - looked great when it came, all in the box and everything and shipped fast.
B0069IFCSC Great looking jacket. The design of the jacket was what I considered when purchasing this jacket.  It looks great when wearing. Would buy again.
B0069IFCSC Excellent Exceeded my expectations, perfect! Purchase the matching pants to go with this jacket. Great fit and great value. Highly recommend!
B0069KDD04 Awesome Jacket Great price! Item looks even better in person
B006J7WSEY Great exchange experience!!!!! I think they are a little narrow. The 4 was perfect great shoe for a great price and great return service!!
B006J7WSEY great fit, great look My son wears these and he is picky about his shoes. I was heartbroken when we couldn't find his beloved adidas in size 6.5 - we decided to give these pumas a shot and they are great,
B006J7WSEY Great for little feet. Great fit and great look!My daughter loves them and they good on the soccer field, too.  They are also holding up under the abuse she is putting them through.
B006J7WSEY Great shoe and an awesome price! I bought these in a 3 for my 7 year old and they fit great even despite her slightly wide foot! We have only had a few practices but these ate wearing just fine!
B006OEGJO2 Great shoes Was not sure as I have never been a big Puma fan, got these at a great price and they have been great.  Would recommend to a friend.
B006OEY2NC Great start Only wore them once so far for golfing but they fit well and felt great. That has not always been my experience when using golf shoes for the first time. Very satisfied so far.
B006OEY2NC great shoe, great price got a great price, shipped quickly, feel so comfortable, I wish I had bought these years ago! Spikeless is the way to go for me.
B006OEY2NC GREAT VALUE Great price, great looks, great on my feet.  An  average  golfer, I have  better traction getting  off the tee.  Highly recommended.
B006OEY2NC Great Shoes Great shoes, fit well  though I went 1/2 size larger than normal.  Arrived on time and the service was great.  No complaints at all.
B006OEY2NC Great FIT! Awesome shoes!  I have wide feet, so the classic pointier toed shoes weren't as comfortable.  These fit great!  Highly recommended.
B006OEY2NC great golf shoes Received overseas package in exactly 3 days! Shoes are great. They look and fit just right.  I took the advice to go half size bigger and thank everyone for the advice.
B006OEY2NC Great shoe Fits well and doesn't need broken in. Truly a great value as they do not bind my feet like other golf shoes I have.
B006OEY2NC Great shoes I have owned PUMA shoes several times, and they continue to exceed my expectations. As someone who has to buy wide shoes, this pair fits great and perform great- on and off the golf course.
B006OFK01E Puma Great product and a good price.  The shoes are great qualtiy.  They came as described and were a qualtiy golf shoe.  Thank you Amazon
B006QO2XP4 great shoe I love these shoes.  They are light weight and fit great.  I recently had a hip replacement and have certain restrictions which prohibit me from tying shoe laces.  These shoes are a great alternative.
B006QOI4L6 Great look & fit! Good support on the bottom of the shoe and they are very comfortable.  Worth the price for Puma leather sneakers!
B006QOI4L6 Great Shoe I have always loved my Pumas since the first pair and these are no exception. True fit and look sharp! Also a great price!!
B006QOIEY8 Perfect fitness shoes Great quality and comfortable fit.  Exactly what I needed for my zumba class so I am very satisfied with this purchase.
B006QOJ8PM Great buy! Not at all as some reviews stated. They fit very good, I am a tweener, 9 1\2, and 10, I ordered a size 10 and they're a perfect fit and they look great.
B006QOJ8PM Great Caught them for 40% off, great shoes for the price. Haven't worked out in them yet, but they look and feel great on my feet.
B006QOJ8PM Great purchase would do it again Great price, good fit, shoe fits perfect seems true to size!  I will buy again if the opportunity arrives down the road.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes for a great price They are great exactly what I expected! I love puma shoes and for this price you can't beat it great deal!
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Look and feel great. I use them at the gym as well as hiking in a rocky national park. No issues except they run a little tight, but my foot is also a little wider than what I think is average. Can't go wrong for the price.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe! Very comfortable and did not give me blisters.  There was a great deal last week and I jumped on it but would pay regular price if I had to.
B006QOJ8PM Great Product Was exsakly as listed. They are great. Very Light was not ready for that.Very highly recomended for any one. Thanks
B006QOJ8PM Fit snug and feel great. They look and feel great. Although I haven't used but a few times, I feel they will do as great after wearing them few. months. I will post later should there be any issues.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe! These shoes are great. Not only do they look better in person, they are very comfortable. After a 3 mile run my feet felt great. Can't go wrong with these.
B006QOJ8PM These shoes look great! Following the advise of others that purchased these shoes, I ordered them in a slightly larger size than I normally purchase and they fit and feel great.  Fast delivery, quality purchase.
B006QOJ8PM Great Buy Great value. Comfortable fit! Wish I had bought a pair for my significant other. He really likes them. I highly recommend these shoes!
B006QOJ8PM fits like a 12 1/2 fits like 12 1/2 but that works great for me.  13's are always just a bit big and these feel great so im happy with my purchase.
B006QOJ8PM great fit Great pair of shoes. From users comments I was worried about fitting, but I morder muy size and they fit great.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes! Fantastic! Great traction and flexibility for my workouts (T25, Insanity). Great style too, I've always bought puma, And I always will.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe for the money On my feet at work all day and these shoes feel great.  Much better than expected and excellent value for the price.
B006QOJ8PM great shoe Great stylish shoe from PUMA.  Just the right amount of subtleness and style for my taste.  Great price too.  Fits as described.
B006QOJ8PM great!! This is a great shoe at a great price. Recommend to everyone. but you have to take it on more size.
B006QOJ8PM Great for the price Great fit and very ccomfortable. Also the look is exactly what I wanted. I would recommend these to anyone that is looking to buy a nice pair of athletic ahoes.
B006QOJ8PM Great I love these shoes. They look great and fit great too. I typically wear 10.5 -11 depending on the shoe. I ordered an 11.5 shoe and they fit great.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoes They are some really good shoes. Fits really well. Feels great on the feet. Could not have for anything better
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe for the price. I really like the fit of these shoes. I would buy these again. A very reputable brand at an amazing price. Thanks.
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable and great looking These shoes have worn really well over the past few months and they still look great, so they wear well.
B006QOJ8PM great shoes bought as a Christmas gift for son and he was very pleased. would surely buy again.  great that they qualified for free shipping
B006QOJ8PM great sneaker at a great price was looking for decent sneakers that were not $100. got these at a great price. decent sneakers..good fit; snug but not tight..will see how long they last.
B006QOJ8PM great but They Fit True To Size, Very Comfortable And Supportive.  Seems To Be Very Well Made For A Very Reasonable price
B006QOJ8PM great stylish shoe Bought these for a Fathers Day gift. Hubby loved them. Great casual shoe, great fit and great style. Very happy
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoes, Worked out with them last night! These were great, I got them on a lightning deal for 40% off.  Cant beat the comfort and quality for under 40 dollars.
B006QOJ8PM Great fit great looks A great looking shoe, my first puma purchase and about 20 miles they are wearing in just right.  Great shoe
B006QOJ8PM Great product Great product , glad I returned my nike and got this one first lot better and it's firm on your foot
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe and fit The puma shoes were a perfect fit to my workout. They were excellent right out of the box and integrated into my 5 days a week workout regiment.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes My son wears these everyday and they look great.  He said they feel great and wants another pair for summer sports.
B006QOJ8PM Great buy Just as described, no problem with the size I ordered.  I have ordered Puma's in the past - great quality.
B006QOJ91U Great look, comfortable I have been working out in this shoe for a few weeks now and couldn't be more happy with it. It's comfortable and light. Great buy.
B006QOJDAW Great item but just above the big is snug I'll have to really work on them to wear for extended periods other than that, they are great and comfortable
B006QOJSXE Love These are seriously so comfortable and they are cute whether your dressed up or casual. The perfect daily shoe. :) I have had many pumas and they are worth every red cent.  I have always got great compliments and they feel great.
B006QOK6TY not a good fit bought these for zumba, but they are terrible.  They provide no support and don't look that great either.  would not recommend
B006QOK6TY love these shoes Fit perfectly  and look great. Even though the ones I ordered with them are the same size these actually fit a lot better.
B006QOKESC Great Deal! Needed a gym shoe and picked this one up because i know Puma's pretty comfy.I think this is a great deal, you can't go wrong spending $30 for this quality brand.These are exactly what i was looking for.
B006QP37LW Awesome shoes! Great price and shippping! Thank you for a smooth purchase. The sneakers are great. Good fit, true to size and stylish. Puma is making a comeback!
B006QP38XY Great high tops These would be among some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn - they've got a nice soft fleecy lining and comfortable soles as well. They're an excellent fit, and look great with a pair of jeans. Highly recommended! :D
B006QP38XY Great shoe My 15 yr old son bought these here on Amazon. They are comfortable, look great, very popular among teens. Worth the price!
B006QPN3ZW Great looking shoes These are great looking shoes in true blue color.  The quality of the leather is great and shoes looks amazing on.  Love the white stripe contrast.  Order one size for a better fit.  Pumas are almost aways smaller in fit.
B006QQ0QWY Puma fan I loved these shoes, I saw them a year ago and they were $100, but saw them here for a better price, great fit and comfortable
B006QQ0Y7G Great Shoes Excellent product. Looks great as well as shoes are comfortable. Black color with black stripes and cat looks really nice.
B006QQ18MQ Great Fit My hubby loves this sneakers. Fit perfectly and looks great. Very comfortable. I read the reviews before purchasing it and saw alot of reviews from other customers stating that you have to buy the sneakers a size bigger and that's exactly what I did
B006QQ1HZ4 Great This shoes are the best the colors and the conforts it's awesome and the price is the right i am
B006QQI76Q Great shoes,you need to buy yourself a pair This is like walkin barefoot.Great shoe great price and it fits great. These shoes are super for yard sale walking and gardening
B006QX9X80 great puma This item had great fast shippinand arrived -earlier than stated .It is a gift for my husband and he really likes it.
B006QXPX9I Great deal and great product It was just as advertised. It's my husband's favorite sweatshirt. It was also at a very reasonable cost. Thank you.
B006QXPZT6 Feels and fit great! It fits and feels great! The material is soft and looks good. I would definitely buy another one! It was great to ice skate on them.
B006QXPZT6 Pretty nice Pants were not the highest quality , but for the price they are great , a little baggy but long ,which is great.
B006QY49VA Great product Great product. High quality shirt with graphics. Will defiantly buy again. Makes me feel like I own an actually Ferrari.
B006QYHHFU Great Hoodie Bought this as a gift for a teenager. He is touch on his clothes. It fits great & washes well. No complaints.
B006QYHHFU love this hoodie This is a great product and for a great price. I recommend buying it. I received lots of compliments when I wore it
B006QYHHFU Great buy This was a great buy and fit my dad perfectly.. nice material and length! Went back and bought another in a different color!
B006QYHHFU what a great deal! I had this sweatshirt for over a year and wear it fairly often, it is high quality, and I love the material.  The fit is small though so you should def order a size up. The colors are vibrant and overall looks great
B006QYHHFU super warm and great quality We bought this oversized for my 12 year old son. It's really comfy and great quality. Definitely a great buy
B006R07Q3Q great item great little outfit for my son. It fits really well and is easy to clean up. My boy looks good in it!
B006R6Z4MU Great I love this shirt my son looked stunning for his birthday!! Got a great brand and quality at a great price to!! Considering get the other color in black once they have his size!!
B006R7IMIW Great like all PUMA Great PUMA shirt. Just as it looks on the website. Run true to size. I will recommended it to anyone
B006SZ64BA Christmas gift I bought this as a present for the wife for a Christmas gift so I still do not have a great review base, however, this appears to be a great product.
B006VDQTB4 Just as advertised Great product. Great fit. Have stood up well during season. Much easier than fighting the crowds at the store. My daughter really liked them
B006VE8YSY great cleat! Both my boys wear these.  The seem to be a nice quality.  The kids like the way they look.  I would buy again.  Great service as always!
B006VEQH42 Great shoes! They fit well and look great! Can be used for young boys or girls as they are not gender specific! Would order again from this seller!
B006VWJSL8 Puma Great fit,great quality! I will buy this product in different colors. They're always long enough the zipper has a nice glide
B006VWJSL8 great jacket Bought as a gift. Its a great fit for my 15 yr old nephew. Also fits my brother in law 28 average size
B006VWJSL8 Looks great Bought this for my husband and the quality is great and it looks great on him. Buy it in your actual size because it does tend to run a little bigger, so don't worry about it not fitting.  I wish they had other colors
B006VWLNWU great shirt Since Puma dropped the ducati line, better grab it while you still can. fits great with a slim fit to it.
B006VYXVZ0 Great for School. These shoes look and fit better than expected. Buy with confidence and no regrets. They wash very well!!  She will love them.
B006WBB4D8 Comfy shoes! I came across these shoes while trying to find gray flats that I could wear to work (Business-casual attire).  I was intrigued because they were Puma shoes, which I associated with comfort & durability.  I haven't been disappointed at all, as they look great with dress slacks, skirts, and with casual wear!  They have good support, though not great/superior support, they are a far cry from retail chain flats (hey, I love those, too, but am getting to the point that I need more support & comfort!).  The color is a gray/silverish that blends w/ different colors of grays-- it really is a great neutral to have in your closet; also looks great with bright colors, such as magenta, coral, blue, etc.  The fit is true--if you are between an 8 1/2 & 9, go for the 9.
B006WBUL1Y Awesome Great shoes very comfortable true to shoe size love the color and how light they are fast and friendly to deal with shipping was a breeze great shoes a must have
B006WEI3BQ LOVE the fit, dont really like the thin sole i got this last week as part of my new weight lose program and i really LOVE these! great fit and great price. my only remark would be that maybe hey should put a thicker bottom as i can almost feel little stones on the pavement thru them, but grea product!
B006ZN6PT6 GREAT shoe Comfortable!Look great!Fit PERFECTFAAS foam 900 is a tad soft for anything other than basic wearing.. wouldn't recommend for true athletic endevors
B006ZO2ZJY GREAT They fit good - what I expected.  Maybe, just maybe will get some arch supports that is only because I have high arches anyways.Great sale for me!
B006ZO3FMA Great Spike This shoe was exactly what I wanted.  Very comfortable for sprinting, keeps you on your forefoot and midfoot, extremely light, provides great traction.
B0071BUDRG GREAT GREAT SHOES they are comfortable and look very nice they are good with aot of outfits and my dad loves them!!!
B0071BUID0 Comfort and style at a great price! The fit is good and the look is better.  These shoes hold up to frequent washings.  They deliver great value.
B0071BVJ10 They are a F1 racing shoe replica..! they are great...! those shoes feel great and they look awesome... they have a similar look to the Racing Shoe that Mercedes Petronas uses in Formula 1.... that's why i got them... they have that racing look...
B0071EBTCG great shoes My hubby loves them says they feel great. He like that they feel tough and they are not not like usual pumas that run a little small for the size these are good. And good looking for a great price.
B0071F0AKW great shoes i'm a puma fan. i have many varieties. these give great support and the colors are really vibrant. great shoes
B0071F0IN6 Comfortable Played with them on grass not turf, they are great soccer shoes, they feel great while kicking and passing  .
B0071F0IN6 great great shoes it's really good for free kick and long pass..and not heavy when u wear them..i loved them
B0071F0IN6 Puma Cleats He loves them! They are a great color, fit and quality. We culd not buy these locally for the same price and nobody on his team has them, which is a big deal to a kid :)
B0071F0K66 Great shoe ...great price The fit was perfect and performance terrific! My son enjoys these shoes very much and he's an avid soccer player.
B0071F1KYC Great value if not serious about the sport. I wanted cleats so I could practice with my son, I didnt want a huge investment so I purchased these. They are a great buy for the money. A little snug but worth it.
B0071V44LW Great article I love it, is great to take day or nigth. The quality is also very good and is very confortable. Totally happy with this article!
B00721GPCW great look Sneakers look great and are very easy to put on. My toddler wants to wear them all the time!! great buy!
B00727EJIS Great shoes for an even better price! These shoes are exactly as expected. They fit well and are good quality and look nice. The price was also great!
B0073G9NNO Great track shoes Bought these for my son. He says they fit well. He has no complaints of pain or soreness after track meet. Great buy and shipping was very fast.
B0073G9NNO Good fit, good price Great fit, great price. I am already thinking about getting another pair from you at this price! Don't know how you can offer these so cheap
B0073IRJOW Not great near water. Looks great, feels great, I use them during the winter here and they get pretty soaked easily.  I'm looking into using beeswax to waterproof them.  Other than that, I've gotten many compliments on their looks.  Great shoes.
B0073IW118 Great Great shoes... Fit great.... great for running or just casual.  Definitely the best I have ever had... Better than nike,  reebok,, under armor... Etc
B0073J8QDE Great Product Great product, and for a very low price. It was a perfect gift for my wife, she is more than happy!
B0073XIHRA Great look, but uncomfortable This shoes look awesome, great quality. However they didn't fit me at all. Even though they feel to be true to size (mine is 6.5), as noticed in another review, it's very hard to get in because of this rubber thing on the top. Once I made it, that same thing pressed my feet so hard that it hurt. I ended up returning shows. Very disappointing, because I loved the style.
B0073XIITC super comfortable! Great fit, very comfortable. I work on my feet for 12 hours as a nurse and my feet do not hurt! Great shoe. Would definitely recommend!
B0073XIITC Fit Great! These shoes fit better than expected.  Great for traveling.  Even better for exercising including walking.  Will definitely purchase another pair when needed.
B0073XIITC Great sneakers! Love these sneakers. They are super comfortable and look great! They are a Great value for the price, better than I expected
B0073XIITC Great item These were even better than what my daughter expected, light weight and easy to run in.. great shoe. Would buy these again
B0073XIITC Light and Looks Great These shoes are breathable and light weight. They look great with black yoga pants. I have worked out in them at the gym for 3 months and no problems.
B0073XIITC Puma These are great looking shoes, the price was great and they are very comfortable to boot! A definite good buy.
B0073XIITC Looks good and feels great! I don't normally buy Puma, but I liked the look of this shoe so I took a chance.  Very glad that I did!  Love the shoe, it fits and looks great!  Seller delivered quickly.  Thank you for the great product and service!
B0073XIITC Great shoe! My shoes arrived a day earlier than expected, which was a treat! Good fit, great looking... And they came with a handy bag.
B0073XIITC I'm wearing them as we speak! Lightweight, comfortable, great support,  good looking, and doesn't look huge on my feet!  I've always been a puma fan,  and this is exactly why.
B0073XIITC Great Shoe and Comfort Wore them yesterday for the first time since I got them, and they are very comfortable and great ankle support!  Easy to wipe off the dirt or dust.
B0073XIITC Loving my shoes My puma ' s was a great fit I am so excited to have brought them since my feet are narroe
B0073XIITC Puma Shoes great shoes...fit wonderful! Just wish a little cheaper.Would recommend to friends and family.Shipment was fast as well. Great
B0073XIITC Very Comfy! These shoes are great. They fit just right and are rue to size. Could not beat the price at the time!
B0073XIITC Happy feet Great shoe great price. Likes cool. Fit good is a nice brand sexy banannas feet so man big woof smug
B0073XIITC Great shoe! Loved the look and they are extremely comfortable, almost like pillows on my feet!!  I bought them because I am an avid runner, however I broke them in by going on a walking tour in Jordan (lots of uneven ground) - and they were great!  Great buy!!
B00754JOJ2 Awesome! Great fit and great design. Puma always makes a very interesting and stylish pair of shoes. Finally got the mix of colors i was after so very happy with the purchase. The fit was also spot on.
B0076B8MFG Great for indoor turf. Great style and very comfortable shoe.  Great traction for indoor turf type surfaces. At $49 the price was very reasonable.
B0076B8MFG great!!! great for soccer , nice color, fit perfect, the size was just right. I would strongly recommend it  product !!!
B00772NHWW great cleat! I want to buy more of these - great fit, which is surprising because other puma's I bought did not fit wellthis one is exceptionally good
B00772NHWW comes fast it is a very great pair of shoes, and it looks really great. however, the only problem of white shoes are they are easy to get dirty. still, they look great even they already get a little bit dirty. i love it very much, and it shipped really fast.
B00772NHWW Great boot, great price These look and feel great. Extremely lightweight. Order your correct size. Pumas have been known to run small but these do not.
B0077BWNFA Great shoes Awesome fit and look great. Definitely recommend them to anyone who likes comfortable running shoes. Shipped quickly and in great ahape
B0077BXRKK Great New Technology! The new no tie system is great and the shoes are very comfortable and are great for running in. I hope they last as the mechanism seems like it could fail anytime. I love the cooler and they look great. Just putting them on makes me feel good. I have worn a lot of shoes in my time but never Puma. I highly recommend this shoe.
B0077BZLB8 Great Shoes Everything that I expected in this shoe and the fit is right as well as comfort level and the color is awesome
B0077C1BN4 Takes me back. I absolutely love this shoe, had one 25 years ago, they fit great, put on a pair of orange coloured lace and it looks great.
B0077CLM2E great Great price, wore these first in trip to NYC.  Fits a little snug, but for under $30 you can't expect perfect.  I love the way they look!
B0077CLQAM Great style Great fit and a great look for a decent price. I'd like to see more in the same style and more colors.
B0077CM29Q great deal great product Shoes are very very good quality, fit perfectly. They look great. I  could not be happier with them. thank you!
B0077CM29Q Great shoes I got in 2 days, so great shipping time! They looked better in person than on the amazon! ( I got the black/gray ones) They were a little big on me but they fit comfortably. Great and fashionable! Awesome shoes for the price
B0077PJDSG great shoe Got these for my son for Christmas and he loved them.  True to size.  Great with the added touch of plaid.
B007D1YPVO Great shades These look great and are very comfortable.  Nice and lightweight; great to be worn during all seasons. The ladies will LOVE you in these sunglasses.  For real.
B007D2BN9K great its a great product for a super nice price, I would recommend it to everyone that likes good stuff, yeah
B007D2BN9K INCREDIBLE lightweight and great design on these sunglasses. great for a day on the golf course or out on the beach.
B007IW7LLE perfect These shoes are great! They look exactly like the pictures and fit great! I am very happy with the quality.
B007IW8NJS Looks Great, fits great, don't wear outside. Fits great! Looks great.. Gets dirty VERY quickly. Hard to clean.
B007IWKB7A Great shoes Look great but do fit really tight along the toes, order a half size up is great advice.  They have a different type of sole but work good for just daily walking.
B007IX3572 great sneakr I bought these sneakers to work in and am very pleased with them.... The colors are true to see and they have great traction...
B007IXCZZU Good buy I usually wear a size 8 but ordered a size 8.5 since my feet are wide and wanted to be sure they fit. So far so good. It fits great and does not squeeze my feet. Maybe an 8 would fit but I did not want to risk it. Great buy great price.
B007J4B1QM Pretty damn sweet The jersey knit on these breathes well and looks great. I wasn't sure how I'd like the little nubbins on the sole, but they work like a stress mat. That's really helpful when you're on a concrete floor all day like me. They're really comfortable and light. I would highly recommend the Black/Dark Shadow colorway. I got compliments the first day I wore them. Great buy at a great price.
B007J4J2G8 Sneakers look great! The sneakers fit good and they look great.  I collect all different kinds of sneakers and this is a great addition to my collection.
B007J58WA4 look great, a bit tight in some places These are a great pair of shoes. They look good with jeans or slacks and I like that they are slip-on without looking like it. My only criticism would be that they are a little snug around the ball of my foot. I'm sure they'll loosen a bit though - it's only been a few days. Also, they do fit slightly smaller than some other brands.
B007J58WA4 Great looking - but didnt last long Great looking shoes, but they wore out to fast where the toe bends.  The leather looked worn within a couple of months.  very comfortable.
B007J5A6OE Great boots at a great price I wear these boots more that I had expected. I planned on wearing them for work and they made their way to being my primary shoes.
B007J5K734 great shipping, good quality Great shipping, very fast. Great quality, excellent condition. The size with pumas it seems are 1/2 size larger than what you wear , ie: i wear 8 1/2, i should have got the 9.
B007JAN9K2 Nice BMW Shoes!! feel great and they look awesome, the quality is great and are comfortable I recomend 100% to anyone.I am realy glad and happy..Just love them.
B007JASSKI Great Fit Bought these to dance Salsa and Bachata outside on non-dance floors. Great fit and very comfortable. I normally wear about a 10.5, but bought these 11.5 as they are a tighter fit.
B007JASSKI Great Just Great Puma Sneaker looking fore more shoes from Puma great cuality until next time  see you soon  later bye
B007JASSKI Great Product Recieved. I Got my Shoes They Run Good  They Look Like the Ones in the Picture. Great Product. Thank You. ..
B007JASSKI perfect great look great shoe but it does not breath makes my foot sweaty they need breather wholes but vary comfortable.
B007M6AH2Q Great cleats!! I have a wide foot and have trouble finding comfortable cleats.These fit like a glove, soft upper, very light. All around great pair of boots.
B007M6BCZW Great shoes, Great look, Great comfort I would recommend these shoes to anyone interested in playing some indoor soccer.  I love the look and really like the feel.  They fit snug and feel have very little weight to them.  I love the look of this pair, but the color ensures that scuffs will show.  Especially playing on turf fields, the wihite will develop grey marks quickly.  That is the only downfall I have found after my first couple uses.  If that is an issue look into their other color options.  But overall, this is a great shoe.
B007MAYD2C like it this is our first puma's/ great sneakers! They are lightweight, comfortable, fit the size and look great! My daughter loved it.
B007MB1QVM for my daughter with falling arches My daughter needed shoes that were black, tied, and would fit well.  These were the only ones we found.  They fit great, however you can not tell in the picture that the top of the shoe has green sparkles. I had no idea it would be so hard to find plain black shoes. Great price though! unfortunately they do not provide support needed for the foot.
B007MBU5VE Nice shoe, great price. I don't order much on line so when we got these shoes and they fit perfectly, and my son loved them. Plus we didn't have to go out shopping. Perfect all the way around.
B007MCNL6O Great shoes They lasted this rambunctious little girl all throughout the crazy summer and they're just now needing to be replaced.  They're great for the price I paid.
B007MF7IRY great buy These are a great pair of shoes. When i ordered i wasnt sure if they fit me but they ended up being perfect.
B007OX25SQ Atheletic asset Great track jacket, great fabric ,two great textures nice weight and different from the average track jacket. Glad I got it.
B007P4L4L8 Top quality, great fit;  comfortable Great quality all the way around.  Very happy with this purchase.  Easy 5 stars here.  Puma symbol kind of cool color on these as well.  Goes great with my Jaguar, woot.
B007P4L4L8 great pants very happy with this purchase.. these are very soft and comfortable.. Puma makes a great product and I will buy these in the future.. happy with the purchase
B007P4MT4Y Great product, well woth the money. It was a gift and he loved it. Great shirt and worth the money.  Fits perfectly, less expensive than in stores.
B007P4OF5A this is a great product, i love it! the material is great, and it fits just perfectthis was a very good buy.you guys must have one
B007P52ZHY Chic AND comfy The shirt fits great, and is super stylish. Even has a unique cut that you can see close up. Great product, my husband was very happy with it!
B007P5QIUE Snug but comfy This is a great quality product. The material is soft, and it does feel great against the skin. The fit is a little tight. I'd definitely order a size up next time, since I prefer athletic jackets to sit a bit looser than regular clothing. Overall, I'm happy with the purchase.
B007P5QU9S Great buy! Super comfortable and amazing material.  Very flattering fit and texture.  I also purchased the jacket and together a great purchase.
B007PK5T0Y great shoe looked great fit great my twins both got a pair and used them for track n field before and after school and competitions
B007Q36ALC Puma Fits perfectly, I love the brand,I will recommended they're awesome great color great fit and very comfortable for kids, very nice :)
B007SLGLX4 great for toddle these are great for toddler, as they can put them on and off themselves. These must be very comfortable as my daughter (who is picky with shoes) asks to wear them quite frequently.
B007SLGLX4 great got it quick. look great. easy to put on for a 4yrs old. hope they dont ware and tare like the previous puma pair.
B007SLGLX4 perfect We love these shoes. Great design. great colors. wonderful fit and feel. I bought three pair for the future. :)
B007SM2M2W Excellent Buy As with all Puma shoes these were excellent. True to size, great comfortable fit and my daughter absolutely loved the color.
B007TI6OXS Great Product I loved the Pumas! They looked and fit great! I recommend them to any soccer enthusiast or those Puma guys like me.
B007TJLLDU Looks great! This shoes looks even better then advertized. It fits well and the gray looks really nice with jeans. Overall great shoes. Just wish the white tip would have been black so it doesnt get dirty so fast
B007TJLOHI Great stylish shoe I always look for different looking shoes. This is another great shoe that looks cool and fits great. Good buy.
B007TJLOHI Amazing Love them, comfortable and everything. style is great color is great and the fit is perfect. thanks alot for these
B007U1KEQ2 Great product Fits great, I had a pair of these before and they are still awesome. I highly recommend Puma King !
B007UTW59S Great product! I give this Puma product 5 stars.  It is great!!I have touble finding Pumas that actually fit me!These fit great.I give them 5 stars for the way they fit and because they arecomfortable too.My feet are too big for most Pumas, most are not wide enough for my foot.I sometimes have to wear Mens pumas to find the right size.But may I order these exact same shoes sometime when Minewear out.  Because they  fit me so much better than most womens pumas.This is why I give it 5 stars!
B007VL4J3U Great shoe! Very comfortable. After walking a very long distance, My feet and legs felt great. I love the way they look too.
B007W1CBLQ adorable Bought this outfit for my great grandson forChristmas. I love it and i know he will look great in it. Nice material and well made.
B007WQGKQI Great cleats, great price Great cleats, very light and they give me nice control and touch. The laces are off to the side a bit so theres more surface area thats smoother for contact. HOWEVER, they do need breaking in and you do need to use caution like any new cleat or you will get blisters. I'm usually a size 10.5M or 11M in sneakers so I got the 11 size and it fit well.
B007WQHQKW This is great! At first you may think its kinda fit, but later its going to turn less fitted, making them wearable, they just need time. After all, this is confortable to have on, and great for sport.
B0084CXOEK Great fit and color Love the purple color and the Mediums fit my daughter great who usually wears a size 7/8 in pants. They will be great for baseball and soccer practice.
B0084CXQO8 buy Listened to somebody elses review and got a size larger its true to size my daughter looks great in it and great price...i would buy again! !!
B0086FN9MW Great! It is great quality and it's a great fit. The color is true to the picture. My son loves it!
B0089TIXRQ Great Value The watch is easily worth the $40-50 tag. Great band that is super easy to clean and comfortable. Lightweight but you know it's there. Very water resistant as well. Great for outdoors, working out at the gym, or hospital work where you clean your hands regularly. Good stuff.
B008A6COO6 Good Look I wear a size 6.5 and that's what I order and the fit was perfect but it was painful to break in. I would be fine for an hour or two but then the sides of my feet would hurt. I took a while to break in but the shoe looks great and the material is great.
B008A6JSFE I love this shoe. Great fit - great style! Just as advertised.  Sizing is on point.  Stylish with comfortable fit, but not made for running.Looking for more colors. Go PUMA!
B008A6KHRC Fit perfectly, very comfy. Shoes are comfy, fit perfectly, and look great. I use them for my zumba classes and they are super light but supportive.Very happy with my purchase!
B008A6KTKC Great design, great product I bought this as a gift for my sister. They fit as expected, the design and colors are really nice. These shoes meet the expectations!!
B008A6KTKC Great shoes I love the color and style, are very comfortable. the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the thong comes attach to  all the shoe, making it a bit difficult to put them on but other than that are great.
B008A6KTKC great the shoes came a day earlier than anticipated and fit great!! love my puma's, I would highly recommend these to everyone!!
B008A6KTKC Great color Needed a smaller size. Nice color and great comfort. Price is reasonable and affordable. My error in ordering of size.
B008A6KTKC Great Looking and Comfortable to wear at the gym Really love these shoes for my workouts at the gym.  The shoe fits comfortably snug and provides great balance when working out on cardio machines (stair master & elliptical) or when lifting weights.  Plus they look great!  The colors pop!
B008A6KTKC great shoes for working a fast pace job. fits great except across top of foot toward toes. comfortable other than that. Took getting used to having to slide my feet into them, not good for old lady feet. LOL other than those two things I would buy again. Thank you for your great service.
B008A6KTKC Great Shoe! Great shoe...fits to size. Love the colors and fit. Not usually a Puma wearer but great price and perfect for at home DVD workouts.
B008A6KTKC Love them Get lots of compliments! Fast shipping and great seller. Pumas are all I wear anymore at work. They have such great colors and fit great!
B008A6KTKC Comfortable!!!! These shoes were very comfortable. They fit perfectly! I would recommend these to anyone AND I got them at a great price!
B008A6KTKC Great Product It was a great product... Is that I was needed it, excelent. ThanksIt was a great product... Is that I was needed it, excelent. ThanksIt was a great product... Is that I was needed it, excelent. Thanks
B008A6KTKC these are great.. Fit perfectly.. I ordered a size 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly.. I get sooo many compliments on them.. I'm an athletic shoe person.. I have close to 100 pairs.. this is a great addition to my collection.. definitely recommend!!!
B008A6KTKC My Wife's Fav Workout Shoes Got these for my wife @ Christmas for here crossfit workout routine and she loves them.  Great fit plus they look great.
B008A6KTKC Great!!! Loving my Puma's! They fit great and love the bright colors. My job requires a lot of walking so these shoes are perfect!
B008A6YCRI very comfortable great price, great fit.i wear these while playing professional xball.work well on grass, and on turf. would buy again.
B008A6YIFO GREAT QUALITY AND FIT PERFECT VERY GOOD LOOKING AND DURABLE. SOLID FEEL WHEN RUNNING ON GRASS .HIGH QUALITY FROM PUMA. FIT GREAT ON LENGTH AND WIDTH.
B008A6YJDU perfect this is a great product, perfect for the price, it is brand name and exactly what we were looking for.
B008A6YSR2 Great Great value and fits well. The colors are bright and fun.  Very comfortable and the laces are stretchy.  Laces are a little long but I double/triple knot as needed.
B008A6Z2KE Great fit and comfort Excellent service , good quality and comfort. Great puma new style . I will definitely like this model for suede and differential materials used on the shoe.
B008A6Z2KE Comfortable These shoes look great and are comfortable for me throughout an entire day. I have to stand for hours at a time and they feel great on my feet
B008A77TYK Puma shoes are great! Great Puma shoe that fit as expected.  The style is nice and comfortable. I can wear these shoes with a variety of pants.
B008AH39YE Great Product The product was great and came on time for my class.The kids enjoyed the outfit, thanks again. Love it.
B008AHA8A2 love it! great looking little puma outfit.Great price too.I washed this set already and i have to say quality is very good...
B008AILKZ8 Great! I love the shoes. They fit great, look great, and work for my casual sporty life. Pumas are the bomb
B008AILQJI Look great I Iike the shoes a lot.  They look great and are very light.  They are great for casual wear.  Good shoes.
B008AJ5B4S GREAT MATERIAL I JUST GOR THIS PUMA TO PLAY ON A FAKE GRASS AND THEY ARE GREAT AND REALLY LIGHT TO RUN ON THEM.
B008AJLUG6 Great! The product looked great, nothing was wrong with it and it was in original packaging and not damaged. No complaints!
B008AJOHXO great show Great shoe but the from paint coating rubs of rather quickly, other than that the product is quite great product
B008AK6Q8C great looking pumas Looks great, feels great. Fit as expected. I'm a puma guy, so there was no question about whether or not it would fit. Know your brands, and complete your style. This works very well for me.
B008AL2UCC What took me do long!!! Great look and feel. Better look then expected. My first puma and I'm looking forward to more additions to my puma family.
B008AL36G6 Another Great Shoe from Puma. I had a total Hip Replacement a year or so ago and that makes tying shoelaces a real nuicsance, They not only cure that problem, They look great and fit like driving gloves.
B008ALJ8S6 velcro sneaker Great fit and quality and the price is great also. I would buy these again and would reccomend them. Amazon does a great job at keeping their customers happy.
B008ALWDZG Great shoe for the price I love Pumas, because they're pretty cheap and last long enough to justify the price. These are great shoes that I've been wearing about a month now. I play in 3-4 competitive leagues a week, and I wear them to every game. They keep up and have a great touch to the ball.There may be a bit of discoloration after some wear and tear, but it doesn't hurt the quality of the boot. Overall, great cleats.
B008ALWDZG Great Have not used them to there full potential but they feel great and look great for the price they are a great buy.
B008ALX6SO GREAT I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR ME AND I LOVE IT. I FEEL SO HAPPY WHIT THIS PRODUCT IT WOKS PERFECTLY. I RECOMEND THIS ITEM IT CAME TO MY HOUSE ON TIME. GREAT SUPPORT. I AM 30 YEARS MY SIZE IS 9. IT FIXS PERFECTLY
B008ALXEBS Great product fit perfect Very comfortable and fits great, highly recommended plus the price is perfect. Standard puma sizing for shoes good quality. Recommended
B008ALXVMK Great boots. Great boots. Great price.  They fit well, true to size, and although the leather is obviously not k-leather, it's pretty nice.
B008AWU21W Great shoes for the right price. These were just what i needed. A quality shoe that is perfect for anyone. Well worth the price and would definitely recommend.
B008AWU21W Excellent shoe, girls love me with them on. Puma rocks the house once again. Great shoes. Price was most excellent also. Spent a ton of cash and needed a great discount on shoes. This was it.
B008AWUB54 Love Puma ON Puma shoes I have learned to get 1/2 size bigger. Now that I know that I get a great fit every time. Great shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Great fit, true 2 size Great fit, true 2 size. Would recommend to anybody who cross trains. Both more than 1 in different color. Great price.
B008AXTOQ0 Ordered it for the look. Fits great too.... Ordered it for the look. Fits great too....Still breaking them in but I have done a couple of runs with these and like the way the fit. Good cushion for street running.
B008AXTOQ0 Fine fit, they are so soft. Good purchase. Great shoes, I love them! I like color and shape. They have an elastic fabric that when you try them on feel great. I used them today and it fits perfect.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe. Great price. Great fit. Great shoe overall. I've been wearing Voltaics since they started with the Cell Volt. Comfortable since you first put them on.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Shoes I gave these as a gift and they fit perfect and have and look great. They don't have the tradition tongue most shoes do it's all one piece that stretches and then you lace over it. I was worried he would dislike them or they would have a strange feel but he loves them.
B008AXTOQ0 Very comfortable Well padded in all directionscomfortable & light, wear to work & runAlso looks great!Delivery was great, as always with amazon
B008AXTOQ0 great crossfit shoe I especially love the Voltaic 4s for crossfit.  they are relatively flat show so they are great for lifting, great for box jumps, and also provide great support while running.  Just an all around excellent shoe and a amazing price!
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe Fit exactly as expected. Looks great. Great shoe for the price paid. Would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a great running shoe at a great price.
B008AXTOQ0 Great purchase My husband loves these shoes! He was concerned about not being able to try them on before buying them because he can go up on down half a shoe size based on the brand. These fit great and he really likes the look.
B008AXTOQ0 Great buy They Fit great and look good. Great shoe for the price. Great shoe to workout in. Better than the McDonalds of shoes, Nike!
B008AXTOQ0 great Very comfortable shoes. Great colors to choose from. Cannot find PUMA shoes where we live. Great to find them online
B008AXTOQ0 I love the design is very comfortable and the quality is great I loved this model for comfort and softness, and quality of view is spectacular running classic design with great stability meets all my expectations highly recommended not regret
B008AXTOQ0 Great purchase This is a high quality product it met my requirements and my standard looking forward to having a great time running.
B008AXTOQ0 Great price, fit,very comfortable and stylish. Very nice kicks for sport.. Been using them on the road for running, works well. very comfortable. great buy for great price
B008AXTOQ0 GREAT looking shoe, fits a little snug Ordered the same size Puma's as my last pair (same model, but a year earlier). They are a little tighter than the ones I had before but they do feel good and look GREAT. Will be perfect for game days in Stillwater watching my Oklahoma State Cowboys! :)
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes When I run it feels great! I love the shoes. Even if you don't run they are still great shoes for any occasion, why not getting married in Black and Gold
B008AXW9PI Great fit My son has big wide feet so we got these in a 15 and he said they fit like a glove. The blue color is great!
B008AXW9PI Great Shoes fit great and they feel even better when sprinting. They have worked out in helping in training to get better.
B008AXWA8O Great pair of running shoes These are so comfortable and look great. Definitely happy with my purchase. Highly recommended. Great gift for the holidays !
B008AXWA8O Great purchase My husband ordered three for himself. The price was great and they shipped pretty quickly. They also look great and feel great according to him! Very happy overall.
B008AXWA8O Great! The shoes were a birthday present for my boyfriend and they were great he loved them and they were perfect!
B008AXWA8O puma are HAM Puma is always a great choice. Fits as expected,  looks great and came in some new packaging that was interesting.
B008AXY38Y great My third pair of pumas great fit, comfort and style. Trust them in the gym or wear them as casual.
B008AXY38Y Great Comfortable Shoe I love the way these shoes look and feel. I use them when I am out and about and they look great and are very comfortable to walk around in.
B008AXY38Y Great shoes Timely delivery and they look great!  These kicks are comfortable, stylish and go great with pants or shorts. I would buy them again
B008AXY38Y Fit is fine No size trouble here! Great fit and very comfortable.
B008AXY38Y Four Stars Well constructed athletic shoe that looks good. The shoe is comfortable and fits perfectly.Great look...Great feel...Great price!
B008AXY38Y They look great and feel great!!! The fit pretty good, just as expected, they look great and feel great.For Walking or running.I love them!!!
B008AXY38Y very nice Great quality and the white is white so that made me happy. There was no yellowing, they are literally super white. They fit great and feel great
B008AZD5ZE Sounders kicks? Yes. These shoes are great! Fit well, quality product, and everyone loves them and always compliments on them. Buy them, and then buy them in a different way color. ;)
B008AZD5ZE Great shoes !!!! Very fancy and great quality. Nice color . I recommend to everyone. Just try it and won't be disappoint it.
B008AZG59W Fits great! Excellent choice! These shoes fit me great. I'm 6'5'' and 240 lbs., and these shoes are really comfortable to wear all day. The price is great, too!
B008AZLCBI great shoe for the price Turns out it is way more cheaper than the Nike's and it provides the same level of comfort.The looks are trendy and the Puma logos make it stand out from the crowd of Nike's, Converse and the likes.Great bang for the buck !!
B008B0MGQ2 Great fit and Great look The shoe looked even better in hand than online. Better still on my feet afterwards. I haven't worn it much as yet but it certainly feels comfortable.
B008B0TGII great shoes love the shoes, comes with a body colour as well contrast lace which is nice...fits perfect and well finished...looking out for more of the suede colours they are really great.
B008BXRZ9W not great quality these are super cute- ballet flat like but good for an active toddler.However the quality isn't great- after a few times of wearing them, there are scuff marks everywhere and the leather's peeled in several spots. Perhaps it's meant more for indoor play rather than playground/active play?Too bad, as otherwise these are great.
B008EXQBU8 Great looking shoes for trail hiking My fiance and i are headed to do some hiking this summer and once these came in, she loved them. They fit a bit snug but otherwise a great shoe.
B008F05ZMA Exactly what I wanted! It fits great and I love the colors. It is decently warm for how thin it is & works great in a light rain.
B008F06A5Q Sporty & Sassy These are my favorite workout shoes so far...the colors are fun and the fit is perfect. The price was great too!
B008F06C7C Great price! I bought these because it was such a good deal for PUMA sneakers. I don't wear them often and keep them as more of a dress shoe. They fit great and I love the gold accents
B008F06C7C Great Shoes and Great Price! I love Puma tennies for everyday, working out, jogging, walking... just about anything. These ones are very comfortable, fit perfectly and the colors are great! I'd definitely recommend these to anyone.
B008F06C7C Great Sneaker! Love these sneakers! As soon as I put them on I felt my foot conform perfectly to the padding on the inside of the shoe.  I immediately went for a walk as soon as I got them and it felt like I was walking on air.  I just love the style of these shoes, and so far have gotten a bunch of compliments on them.  They are a great price, have great style, and are SO comfortable.  Definitely a win for sneakers!
B008F06T0W Great Color The shoes fit as expected and have a great cushion. I don't usually like pink but with the 2 different shades with the turquoise blue highlight, it looks amazing
B008F0J1VQ great T shirt Very we'll made product Is a great product as all PUMA are I will definitely shop again in the future.
B008F0LPDS Looks great, but terrible arch support. I've got fairly flat feet, but most casual athletic shoes never bother me.  These, however, I stopped wearing in favor of others because halfway through the day i'd get this pain/stretch in my arch that i've never had with any other shoe.So if you don't need arch support or don't wear them for extended periods of time, they look great and would probably be a great buy.  Didn't work out for me, however.
B008F0LPDS Great shoes, very comfortable They are everything the other reviews I read said they would be.  They fit great and they are super comfortable.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that they don't handle great in the rain.  Rather than having grooves on the bottom for water to run off, they have more of a shallow rubber cleat-like bottom.  One step on a rain slicked sewer grate and I lost my footing.  Otherwise they are great and I definitely recommend them.
B008F179O6 Great look A great looking shirt, very comfy, and great for hot days... very cool shirt will worth the money! A plus
B008F17R2K Fits great and feels good. The shoes fit great and look good. Have gotten several compliments regarding the shoes. They do look like they might not last long if ran in daily.
B008F17R2K Nice fit, decent quality athletic shoe. Purchased these Puma athletic shoes for my husband when they were at a really great price. The color is true to the stock photo and it was just what my husband was looking for. The material is kind of rubbery and it would be easy to clean up. They are a size 14 and these run true to size for my husband, he says they fit great.
B008F17R2K Great shoes super light, really comfortable, great cushioned support, awesome color, great fit too. these shoes will not disappoint, buy them now~!
B008F17R2K Great shoes These shoes fit great. They are a little stiff but are sorta plastic like texture which makes them water proof.
B008F17R2K Cheap and comfy I use them to work out and they feel great. Good support,  breathable and durable. The price was really great also
B008F17R2K Perfect fit, great support, ordered 3 more after these Though they seem to have a tight fit at the beginning, after a day of use they really fit perfectly and the outter/inner sole design offers GREAT stable support for walking jogging and running, don't know yet about the durability of the  materials which seem rather rubbery, but so far these shoes are great.
B008F17R2K shoe fit great had a hard time finding my size but the great fit looks good on my feet off I go walking
B008F17R2K Puma's Excellent shoe that i picked up on a one day sale on amazon. They are nice and light, and very comfortable and come in great colors. I run on a track and they perform great on the feet.
B008F17R2K Jimmy Jazz Absolutely happy with my Pumas. I now have 2 pairs. Fit great and I will be purchasing more sneakers from them. Also received item in one day!! And great price too!
B008F17R2K Great Product But Fits Very Small! Just a beautiful shoe and great price on deal but the largest size (14D) did not fit and I usually run a 13.5 to 14. :-(
B008F17R2K Great shoes Great shoes they fit so well and light and comfortable . Couldn't be happier great product, would be happy to buy more .
B008F17R2K Great shoes as I have come to expect from Puma Love the new style and design.  Light shoe that is great for the gym or casual wear.  Typical Puma fit but great once the foot acclimates.
B008F17R2K Great shoe for a great price I'm a big puma fan and I go this shoe at great price.  Top quality too.  Very happy with purchase
B008F17R2K Very satisfied I ordered a 10.5 and they fit perfectly. Very lightweight shoe, with tons of support. They look and feel great!
B008F17R2K Nice!!!! Great pair of kicks. The colors are really jazzy.  They have this webbing on them that's so stylish.  The fit was also great. The affordable price makes them even better.
B008F17R2K Great Shoes Second pair I got for my son.  Great price, great shoe.  One of the few places I can get a size 14.
B008F18A3K great customer service very stiff shoe, didn't fit right.  Returned for credit no problem, great customer service.
B008F2DOOE Great for exercise These pants fit true to size, have plenty of room to be comfortable, are very attractive, and wash great.  Will buy more in a different color.
B008F3YHBC Beautiful! Great sweat jacket. Very alive color! Fits well, looks great.. Nice finishes. And overall I am in love with it. Expensive, but it was worth it.Thanks Amazon!
B008FXBPZ8 Great track jacket Puma did a great job making this track jacket. The material is very durable and very high quality and looks great. Fits true to size. Would recommend to anyone.
B008HTOO44 Great sweater Great fitted sweater for the fall time. I buy all my clothes through premier and they seem to always keep me coming back woth great quality and customer service.
B008J0W23G EXCELLENT BMW Motorsport Shirt!!!! Great shirt!! Super soft and sizing exactly as described. Great quality and PUMA, once again, does a great job with the quality of fabric they use to make this shirt. BMW Motorsport log great and really like the sleeve embroidered patch (BMW). Thanks PUMA and BMW Motorsport!!!!!
B008KIE4FQ Love this! This is such a great outfit for the price. It wears great & is so stylish!  The material is very durable & does not damage even with my crazy toddler!
B008L717ME Sneakers Great.  Great price too.  They arrived on time and fit well.  They offer more support than some of the other Puma's I own.
B008M7S5NC Great shoes. These shoes are comfy, true to size and handsome.  Great product for a great price.  Would definitely purchase these again.
B008M7S5NC Great Shoes The shoe fit perfect and has held up wonderfully so far. I still cant believe how cheap the purchase was.
B008PVA3L2 Great item, just wrong size. Puma makes great clothes for children.  I buy Puma for my grandson all the time.  I love the look and quality.
B008QX8VWM blue angel these shoes are perfect , great fit, looks great @! wish i could order more with different colors ! very happy
B008QX8VWM Great Spikes Awesome fit...Awesome look and feel. Great price from Amz....got many compliments on the style. Hard to beat this price point..
B008QY0KMK Great fit and great price! Totally happy with my purchase.  Did a lot of shopping around and this was the best price for this product.
B008QY0MWS Great shoes! Fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable! I have already recommended these shoes to all of my golfing buddies. Great deal too!
B008QY0MWS Great buy! Fit as expected.  Very comfortable!
B008QY0MWS Great Shoes These shoes fits great and they are very comfortable.  I will purchase other colors. I am very very pleased with this purchase!
B008QY0MWS Great Deal Nice Shoes My Puma Spikeless golf shoes fit great, are very comfortable and were a great price - $39.  I have played with them twice now; but both times with cart.  They feel great.  I plan to use them as walking shoes.
B008QY0MWS Awesome They look great, feel great, and got them quick. I'm glad they fit as I would have expected.  I know shoes don't always do when you go on line.  I'm happy.
B008QY0MWS GREAT STYLE ON GOLF COURSE GREAT STYLE ON GOLF COURSE. these fit well and i am actually considering grinding off the tread to wear them around as they fit well and look good.
B008QY0MWS Great look!! Fits perfect. Looks great. Well built
B008QY0MWS Takes a couple of rounds to break, but awesome thereafter... Looks great, feels comfortable and has great on course grip.....Well worth the money....Am about to look at what other color options are available....
B008QY0MWS Fun and sporty Great quality and price. Bright, trendy and youthful. Boyfriend wore them all morning in golf tournament and said his feet felt great! Nice to find Puma shoes in large sizes.
B008QY0MWS Great Value Great value for the price. Very comfortable. Other reviewers complained of shoes being smaller than expected, but I ordered a size 13 and they fit as I expected.
B008QY0MWS great style and great fit This shoe fit perfectly for me and looks great. I love the smaller spikes evenly distributed and the design. I have not had the chance to wear them out on the course but they seem to grip well around the house and yard. For the price, this is a great shoe that seems like it will perform well while also looking good.
B008QY0MWS Great Golf Shoe Got these for my husband and he loves them. They're comfy, look great and come in great colors.  Would buy again.
B008QY0MWS They look great These look great on and off the golf course, keep in mind they do have small rubber golf cleats, however they are a little snug in the toe box. Maybe they will break in after time but so far its been two weeks and still a little snug.
B008QY0MWS Puma Rocks Awesome golf shoes. ....looks great. . feels great...this is my last review. .. don't tell me how many words to use. .. this is my review not yours. ..
B008QY0TJO puma tux lux feels great to walk in.looks great on my feet.it totaly not heavy.They feel like you have worn them forever,.No pain in your feet whatsoever.
B008QY0TJO Great looking pair of golf shoes. Great looking golf shoe. Haven't tried them on the course yet but by the feel of them I'm sure they will work out great!
B008QY1N9O Great Shoe, Great Deal I've wore Adidas the past year and decided to try some Pumas after liking their other shoes.Tried them out yesterday on the course and they didn't even need a break in period.They felt great and cleaned up easy after the soggy round.The white Adidas I had before never cleaned up as well after the muddy rounds.Will look  at Puma for future golf shoes.
B008QY1N9O Great Shoes! Bought these as a Christmas present for my stepdad, and he loved them. They fit great and were very comfortable.
B008QY1N9O Comfortable and great price Good shoe!! Took a little to break in, but very comfortable. Great price!! This is my first pair of puma golf shoes and I am pretty happy!!
B008QY1N9O True sizing. Comfortable, light and they grip. For the price a great deal. Maybe not the most attractive, but at this price?
B008QY1X0S needs a little break in on the heel, but great golf shoe I love these, they look great and feel great for 18 plus holes. The heels needed a little break in, or maybe just my heels did for blisters, but that was fully expected. These have great grip in all weather. I almost want to buy another pair in case these are discontinued for when my first ones reach the end of their life.
B008QY1X0S Love these shoes! These look great, fit well, and are a great value for the price.  I have multiple pairs of the PUMA golf shoes and am pleased with all of them.
B008QY1X0S Great shoes for the price can't beat Great shoes will buy pumas everytime. The size chart on pumas are perfect and good quality of shoes for the price
B008QY1X0S great shoe Shoes look great and feel great just a little bigger them all my other shoes because all the reviews said to order big.
B008QY1X0S Great Fit; Great Price!! Shoes arrived prior to my arrival visit which was ideal. When I tried them on, they fit and were very comfortable from the first day. Have had several compliments on the style.  Extremely pleased with purchase
B008QY1X0S Great Great shoes, look good and are very comfortable, fit as expected. Will be buying more colors, currently have these and the orange ones.
B008QY3N5Q GREAT VALUE! BEST $40 I HAVE SPENT ON GOLF SHOES...FITS LIKE A GLOVE AND BY FAR THE MOST COMFORTABLE PAIR I HAVE OWNED, GREAT FEEL ON THE GREENS ALSO.
B008QY3N5Q Book Great price for a great shoe. Fit well and was comfortable throughout the round.  A boon at this price, cheers mate.
B008QY3N5Q lightweight and stable Great shoe, very lightweight but also provides good stability.  Nice clean lines.  I have a couple other Puma golf shoes and they're all great, especially for a guy who likes a little more personality in their golf attire.
B008RAGKBS great fit Good purchase for me, great run on the field and the  treadmill  I can walk for miles and miles without feeling any discomfort.
B008RAGKBS great one A great running shoses i love it. It fit excellent and it amazing.i can recomended for anybody with this price and free shipping its been a quick shipping in 3 days.
B008RLY7NK Just for Golf Puma always have great products.  These are just what I expected and look great.  They are very, very comfortable shoes
B008S6GGUQ This was exactly what it was described as! This shirt was a great Puma buy! I would recommend it, the color was good, no streaks like some black t-shirts can have, washed great, and did not shrink.
B008UAP610 Its great! my brother found this and he ask me to buy it for him, there was no reviews so i was a bit hesitant to get it. BUT i'm happy with it, the price is reasonable, and it came in a box with the puma warranty and everything. Its great and shipping on time.
B008UR9BKK must have... Great comfy great brand t shirt fits well ima women who wares a large mens you would only need a small great design!!!! And you cant beat the price!!!!
B008VTCX1Q Fleece LOove it, Love it! Exactly what I have been looking for and at such a great price, just had to order.
B008VUJBLA great color, well made my daughter loved the color and fit. She has been wearing them for several months and they are still in great shape.
B008VUJBLA Great choice Great sneaker for my son. Runs maybe half a size small, but maybe standard for Puma - these are our first Pumas that I can recall.  Look great.
B008VUJBLA Pumas are great! Great fit, arrived earlier then expected. Brand new in box with puma bag. Suede pumas are great sneaker and these colors are vibrant and cool.
B008VUJBLA Great shoes and perfect fit! Great for breakdancing! My nephew was afraid to wear them outside because he wanted keep them looking new and didn't want to get them dirty.
B008VV2UBC Great These  shoes are great I got them but the front tore off. But I recommend these for parkour. Because there great for it!
B008X04KR8 Great product Very comfortable and great looking!!!!  Roomy fit and easy to walk in. Highly recommended. Great color combination and perfect for fall golf.
B008X04KR8 Great shoe. I bought these for my son who is usually very picky with shoes and he says he love them. They actually look very comfortable and of a very good quality. Great purchase.
B0097Q306Y Sporty and comfortable These are high quality, great fitting cozy sweat pants that are great for lounging in casual wear. I also got the matching top that fits perfectly and overall looks good.
B009CMXOAK Looks great I gave this as gift and he loved it. It looks great in person and colors are bright. Good buy for price.
B009FD2LM8 Great  product cool shoes, nice design, very  comfortable , are great  for walking  my neighborhood,  with my wife and my  dogy .......
B009FD2LM8 PUMA Running Shoes These are great shoes from a popular brand.  The fit very nice but the most important trait is the look.  They are stylish and very trendy looking.  The craftsmanship is noted as you will notice attention to detail.  A great bargain for the price.
B009FD3JJC great colors, really work, thinking of getting a second pair Look just like I ordered, have already got plenty of complaments. Great fit and for the price great buy. Love them
B009FD3JJC great deal for classic style pumas Great deal anf the quality of the shoes is as expected.  The picture shows different colors than the real item but at the end you can tell they are yellow and green.
B009FDO3U6 Great Color Combination!! These shoes are very comfortable. I got several compliments from other soccer dads when I wore them the first time.  Great color combination.
B009FDR416 They fit great, everything that would be expected from puma!!! They fit great, everything that would be expected from puma!!! They are very comfy and fit great they really hug your feet.
B009FDR416 Awesome! Shoes are great, but I did have to return them for a new pair since the insole was not fit in correctly the first time they were shipped out.  The shoes are a great fit and I was so excited when I saw they finally came out with them again!
B009FDR416 Great look &iexcl;&iexcl;. Have been somewhat small, but looks great !! you may consider to choose ~1 size above as usually you used to.
B009FEBLPK Puma's how can you go wrong These shoes were delivered fast and feel great.  I was very impressed overall.  The size was a bit iffy when I ordered but turned out great.
B009FM3NPI perfect fit!! this was great fit and very comfortable. i bought a few more actually of different color albeit. overall very happy
B009FM4GK4 great shoes totally happy with these shoes! they are confortable, cool, awesome, good quality and great price. it was a great deal.
B009FM5D60 Great price and service My son has wide feet and he says they are comfy. Mom says they are stylish. Great price and service.
B009FM5NTM Great Shoes! Great Price! I read they were some what large when I purchased, and that they were.  I love these shoes, they are so comfy and hopefully they last as long as my last set of puma's,  I hope Puma keeps making more of this style of shoe.
B009FM64EK Great shoe! They look great! They are comfortable. I like that they are casual but can be worn for business causual as well.
B009FM64EK Awesome shoes Shoes look great. Got them for my boyfriend and he loves them, and he never usually likes pumas! Definately a great choice for your man.
B009FM64EK Love these Favorite pair I have bought in a while. Great quality and fit. Puma's are my favorite shoes to purchase and these are great.
B009FM6GKM as expected Great fit... great colour... would recomend to anyone the size and the width was just right as well ... ghe army colour really does light up the entire shoe
B009FMR6D8 Style! These kicks fit very well, have great style and protects my ankles as I was expecting it. Colors are great for any colored outfits.
B009FMR6D8 Great Shoes I get compliments every time I where these shoes.They fit like a glove and really look great with any outfit.
B009FMR6D8 1/2 size big Looks and feels great lots of comfort they are great shoes but I don't really know how to clean them but oh well loved the shoes
B009FN614C Love These! Fit great and comfy!  Look great.
B009FN614C super comfortable great quality, bright colour
B009FN614C Very pleased Good fit, very comfortable. When I first ordered, I wasn't sure about the colors. When I received them I was very pleased. Great with jeans. Puma continues to live up to its name. Great quality, very well constructed sneakers.
B009FN614C great footwear many compliments by men, great fit, will by in another color, just overall attractive, eye candy for all, diced pineapples
B009FN614C Hot, comfortable and stylish Same great fit as my other Puma sneakers
B009FN614C Just right I luv them!! Fit as expected. I plan to order more in different colors. The price for these were great  also.
B009FN697G Great shoes!! Great fit and great price! Shoe looks great on and get lots of compliments.  Looking forward to buying another pair in a different color.
B009FN6NRW Work Great Thank you so much! They work great and just the way I wanted them! They work great! Thank you again!
B009G1T35M great shoe These shoes are great. Super light weight, extremely comfortable, and super flexible. They fit well, though typically I take a size 7.5 and for these I had to get an 8.
B009G1T5YG Great color Love the color! The fit is ok, I wouldn't suggest it is a high quality shoe. I am selective what activities I wear them for. For the price worth the buy;)
B009G1T5YG Great shoe 4 the price!!! It's a comfortable fit!! My feet feels good after a long on my feet:) and you can't beat the price.
B009G1T5YG a little hard soled feel, but give great support a little hard soled feel, but give great support. gave them a 4 start because they feel harder than most gym shoes I've had on the bottom. love the color, fit great
B009G1T5YG My GF loved it! look nice, fit perfectly and so far holds up to any workout used with them. Would recommend them and got them at a great price!
B009G1U2XE Great Product!! Great sneakers!! I work in the medical field and they are super comfortable to walk around all day long. Highly recommend them.
B009G1WZP2 Great shoes for quick workouts! These fit great! They are snug and feel comfortable as I work out. I wanted something that was easy to slip on and I didn't have to worry about laces or lacing up! These truly fit the bill!
B009GCYONM Great Price for a great jacket! This jacket is awesome! Its made well, and it is the perfect fabric for spring days and nights! If they had my sons size in the gray I would order that one too! Great jacket!
B009GKXVZG Great shoe for everyday metro walks Very comfortable, great traction and good look as well. Wear them with anything. Sometimes little rocks will get caught i the soles, but that isn't anything.
B009GZS6OW Great quality, bad design Great quality fully lather shoesBuy one size bigger.I am 8.5 and these shoes are 10 and fits almost perfectReally stupid front design.Will wear it for work
B009GZS6OW Fits like a glove. Great for people with high arches. I like the style and color of these shoes. The value is great b
B009KSDDUM Great shoes! Great and affordable shoes!  My daughter loves them, and so do we!  She can even put them on herself at 2 :)  Great product!
B009KTLR6I Puma's are Great for little feet Great shoe! Easy on and stays on! Puma is my go to brand for baby/toddler shoes, great fit & great quality!
B009LA8GFG Great fit and feel Great fit and feel.  Love the design, coloring, and overall am very satisfied with this product.  I need to write 3 more words to submit this so.......boom shaka laka.
B009LA8GFG Great Tee Fit perfectly. I would recommend, just as described. Very fashionable, not to large, not too small. Great to wear out or to the gym. Overall very satisfied.
B009LACZ30 PUMA T-SHIRT A GREAT FIT & A GREAT LOOK.  MY CO WORK ER LIKED THE SHIRT. THE SHIRT FIT JUST RIGHT FOR ME. MY FELLOW WORK ER LIKED THE T-SHIRT THOUGHT IT WAS REAL COOL.. GREAT.
B009MNYG1U great sneakers great color (looks very cool),excellent quality materials,feels very soft andvery comfortablemeets all my expectations...i love my new pumas
B009MNYG1U best puma my husband liked this.  very lightweight and comfortable.  easy to clean and great price.  puma is great quality and is true to size.
B009R9D60G live it great shoes!
B009SCY9AI Great drivers shoe. These fit perfectly and provide a great pedal feel while driving my Lancer Evolution and the Porsche 911 at the track. They stay very clean for suede. I've had these for over a month now and wear them to work often and they still look new and feel great!
B009SDR9HC Great shoes! I love the shoes...perfect fit, great arch support, very comfortable to walk in.  I will definitely buy puma again. :)
B009STI9NO Cant go wrong with Puma Puma is just a great shoe,  I have 2 pair i bought 5 years ago, and they are still doing great, this is a reall comfortable fit , and at a great price.............
B009STI9NO Perfect Simple, bright, and comfortable. I am very happy with this purchase. The price was great and they look great. Excellent
B009STNEF2 Great shoes!! These fit great and look even better!  I hated when my husband would wear bulky square tennis shoes with jeans, it looks just awful!  These are a nice slim/form fitted shoe and look great with jeans and work out attire alike.  The colors are just as expected, nice and vibrant.
B009STNEF2 Great shoe! My husband received these shoes as a Christmas gift and absolutely loved them! The fit, color, and most importantly (to him) comfort were all wonderful.
B009STNEF2 puma great Really good fit. Look Great. Lots of compliments. Much more than I ever expected. Puma should advertise more, really great product.
B009STNEF2 The are perfect. Loved th they look great what a great gift, also perfect for exercise. I would recomend them to any one.
B009STNEF2 Great Great just what I expected.  It looks perfect on my feet.  A little bluer than I thought. Still I love it.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes The colors is what attract my attention, I gave it a 5 star because they look great, fit great, and  i recommend this item :)
B009SUAWDI Great Shoe Color as expected. They fit well and are comfortable and supportive. I'm in the healthcare profession and am on my feet all day. These are durable and work great.
B009SUNNQQ Cool look Great ankle support and great look continuously asked where they were purchased easy on easy off really like the color
B009SUSWKI Perfect fitting. Authentic. Great quality. Perfect fitting. Authentic. Great quality.
B009V3NJR8 Great lightweight shoe Great and comfortable fit. very lightweight and stylish. The color get's a lot of positive attention every time I wear them.
B009XG1GM8 Love the color more in person Great color, great fit. We've had it for around a year maybe a little less and it still looks great!
B009XG1Z56 Great shorts Good quality and great fit! Wish I had ordered  more  Just in different colors! They got to me quick as well.
B009XJ6QMA Great fabric! Textile feels smooth and soft. It was a bit smaller than I expected. But it just looked great in my daughter!!!
B009YTOUI6 Soccer gear that improves your game. These fit great!  It was a perfect fit for my son!  This addition to his soccer gear has been a great addition to his game!
B009ZRIJ0C great fit excellent quality better than expected great fit excellent quality better than expected considering buying another pair in a different colour if the size  becomes available once again
B00A0HDGAO Great shoes. These shoes looked great, but my son just wasn't into the design. Return went well as is the case with Amazon noramlly
B00A0HDGAO Great soccer cleats Bought these for my two boys (ages 6 and 5). They look awesome, and fit their feet great. Overall I'm satisfied with these Pumas and would recommend.
B00A3UEX96 PUMA ROCKS!! Great fit, looks awesome and a great price. Great to wear under a shirt or on it's own. Highly recommend these shirts if your doing any type of athletic sports. PUMA ROCKS!!!
B00A86LX70 love the shoes Bough this for my girlfriend and she loves it. It fits well and it looks great also. Definitely a great buy.
B00AAJF8TE Great product Great shirt and it was exactly what I wanted except it was even brighter than what is shown and I appreciated that...
B00AAKJ95C Fits great This fits my little girl perfectly and the quality is great as well. Would order it again in the future.
B00AB2N07M Very satisfied The glasses fit great and look great. Appear to be good quality. Worth the price. Can't wait to wear them on vacation.
B00AFPN4NA Great addition to a great looking child. If you have a great looking child, this will enhance that greatness.  If your child was shorted in the cuteness department, this will distract from what they have going on naturally.
B00AI1Z2G8 Low to the ground, promotes great balance Great shoe great fit. The heel sits very low to the ground so the balance of my swing feels much better. THE WHIT GETS DIRTY FAST.
B00AI1Z2G8 Nice and lite Great looking lite shoes. Service was great too.
B00AI1Z2G8 Great Just perfect, looks are deceiving, thought they were really lite and wouldn't hold up but they are great love em
B00AI1Z2G8 Great Shoes! They fit as expected and are very light weight.With a one year waterproof warranty how could I do any better!
B00AI1Z2G8 Loves them Husband loved them. Very comfortable and new look in golfing apparell.Great price and great shoes .Highly reccommended true to fit and good support
B00AKDO81Y Perfect workout tank Great workout tank, exactly as expected and have been happy with it. The fit is good and the color is great.
B00AKQHCHI Love  Puma, great quality with price Fits perfectly as described, with great quality and price. I hate going to shopping malls to find what I need. Great experience.
B00AKUCU7G great as expected the product was as seen online. was great. would certainly like to get some sneakers from the shop
B00ANJ2HH2 Great shirt The quality was great and it is a great fit the size that I ordered fit like it was supposed to
B00ANR32PK Great quality! Great fit! This jacket is very nice! True to picture! Great fit...I am a women's medium and bought the men's small.  Arrived very quickly and I have been wearing it ever since! Get lots of great compliments on this jacket! thank you!
B00AO59I2W Great! I think this was a great deal, and I love the design of the product. It shipped fast and was packed well.
B00AOAQAJG super great shoes They are great. They fit perfectly and i didn't have to get a size up like most of the reviews. They are so light wieght and comfertable. Im going to get the plain black ones gore work.
B00AOBC4JA Great Quality & Great Price Great quality. Fairly true to size but they were a little tight in the heels which rubbed a blister on both in less than an hour. I'm going to have to work on stretching them out a bit and then they'll be fine.
B00AOBC4JA Pumas are Great Love these.  Nice looking and comfortable too. Would recommend for everyday and make great dancing shoes too. Pumas are great shoes
B00AOCAP9A Bright and light Great shoe for a great price.  Fits and feels so light and comfortable.  Great find - couldn't ask for anything more
B00AOCAP9A So comfortable! Great price for these awesome shoes!
B00AOCAP9A Great for T-25 I am happy with the overall fit.  They are lightweight and great for the jumping involved with the T-25 program.
B00AOCAP9A Great shoe.  Excellent value. As I expected.  Very lightweight.  Fit well, attractive, and comfortable.  This was a great price for a great pair of shoes.
B00AOCE7IA PUMA SHOES Purchased these with my treadmill and they work great for walking on it.  Comfortable shoe and fits my foot very nicely.  As always with Amazon delivery was right on time and the price was great for quality.
B00AOD2OQ6 Pretty good! These shoes are pretty comfortable and look great!!!  I would recommend them to anyone.  Puma makes great sneakers and I would buy these again in a minute.
B00AOD2OQ6 great Great shoe, quality, style and comfort for a great price. I highly recommend these stylish shoes for sneaker lovers. Beautiful
B00AOD2OQ6 Great Shoe Feels great to walk in and fits my foot perfect. The insole used is very comfortable and makes easy to walk and &#8203;stand for a long time
B00AOD2OQ6 Great Great looking shoe, fits great
B00AOD8YMO Gotta Say Puma hit a Home Run with this model - Bioweb - love them Gotta Say Puma hit a Home Run with this model - Bioweb - love them - great fit - great support and great colors - the support seems a bit stiff when first lacing them up - but after a few steps, they feel great - I recently just returned two other orders of a different model - fit was all wrong - these are almost as good as the FAAS 400 running shoe, just a bit heavier.
B00AOD8YMO Pumas rock Great workout shoe. Provides great support. I  worked out and felt support for all exercises. I really like the sneakers
B00AODVKJI PUMA MAKES A GREAT SHOE !! These are incredibly comfortable, they fit great, look good, and were very reasonably priced. Excellent !!! I would recommend these shoes to everyone.
B00AODVKJI Great shoes for the Price! They got here on time you will have to break them in for a week but other than that they are great!
B00AODW9HA Great Shoes Great Price This shoe looks and feels great. Listen to the other reviewers; you will need to buy a larger size than usual. I do not regret buying these shoes, they look amazing.
B00AODW9HA Great Buy!!!! Awesome shoes!!!!!!! Great look and fits like a glove!!!! Really stylish. Recommend this to all men who like a good workout or just a casual shoe!
B00AODW9HA Great shor It looks better than I expected. Was going to wear these to work and decided that they are to nice for a pizza shop. The shoes fit exactly like the past two pairs of pumas I bought. It seems like puma doesn't have the sizing problem like most companies do. Great shoe
B00AOE059S These are some great looking shoes These are some great looking shoes, and great for running.  They were 1/2 size small though, so I had to exchange.  But I am very happy now that it fits.
B00AOE059S nice kicks I like these they run a little small, but look great. Great looking and comfy. I would buy again for sure.
B00AOE059S puma slip ons the shoes fit very snug.  I need a shoehorn to get them on but they fit great and are quite comfortable.  They're very light and feel great.
B00AOE059S great shoes This is a great shoes it is very comfortable. It also looks very good. I highly recommend it for jogging and walking
B00AOE059S Great purchase! These shoes look great, fit great and feel great. Super light and comfy. I am on my feet all day and these shoes make it easy. Love 'em!
B00AOE059S Great looking shoe, great price So far no problems with these shoes. I won't mind buying these shoes again. They look and feel great, fits great too.
B00AOMZH1Q Great quality and price. The fit is exact Great quality and color. Great purchase! Fits like as advertised. Very sastified with this purchase. Puma delivers a great quality shoe
B00AONURJ2 Great shoes! I couldn't be happier with these Pumas.  They look just as they do in the picture.  They fit true to size and were shipped quickly.
B00AONV17Y GREAT I definitely recommend checking this out.Buy 1/2 larger than your usual, US sizes. I wear Puma 10.5 to 11.5 and these are on the spot with 11.5 USThey look great and so far no problems. You will not find a better deal at your local Puma Dealer, great buy for what I paid.
B00AONV17Y The white pumas The shoes are great in the color and the style, the BMW on the side looks great, but they are a bit small, but I think it is workable
B00AONV78W Great Deal I got these for around 50$ and the other sizes were around 100$. Great deal for a real nice looking shoe.
B00AONVA52 Greay shoes I would definitely recommend these shows. They fit well, look great, and are exactly what I was looking / hoping for.They are great driving shoes as they are relatively thin and allow great grip and feel of pedals.
B00AONVA52 Walking Smooth Fits great and comfortable.
B00AONVB5G dont hate on my puma The puma's fit and look great! No1 has these shoes where I live, but there asking where I got them at now
B00AONVB5G AMAZING SHOES THEY ARE REALLY COMFORTABLE, FIT EXACTLY AS EXPECTED, GREAT FOR WIDE FEET AND LOOK EXACTLY AS THEY DO HERE. GREAT PURCHASE
B00AONW9JS great price great pricegreat qualitywill be using these for autocross drivingfits tight on the width but expected from this style of shoe, i bought a half size bigger to compensate.
B00AONW9JS Great looking shoes Shoes look good.I am usually a size 11 but ordered 11.5 because I find that Pumas fit a little snug. With the extra length, the shoes fit great.Not a lot of support and I don't use my orthotics in them but they look good. Great driving shoe too.
B00AONW9JS Great shoes. Great shoes just a little snug. I've always loved pumas. These are good looking but just run a little small.
B00AONW9JS Great sneakers They were too small, so I returned them and got an exchange for a size 13. perfect fit.  thank you.  Great Seller, i recommend to everyone.
B00AONW9JS Shoes great. Perfect. way get a half size bigger when dealing with Puma. Shoes were as expected. Great fit. Quality met expectations. Well worth $42.
B00AONW9JS Nice shoe,good price... The shoes look great , comfy but little tight...I will get a size bigger next time.Great packaging and super fast shipping
B00AONW9JS buy it Its great, look great, and the price was perfect i dont have any other words to describe this and all&iacute; people said the same
B00AONWIC6 Great fit! The product was better than I had expected. Fits great, exactly the size I had ordered. Real comfortable to walk in.
B00AONWIC6 As always Puma's Are Great Great suede sneaker. Puma makes great shoes. Sizing is inconsistent. Buy half or a size bigger than what you normally wear.Other than that these are comfortable shoes.
B00AONX3AW Great Quality it's an awesome shoe, great quality, very stylish but fits  a little small, if you have to buy it then you should go one size above
B00AOOH730 Buy them Great no different than in the stores great price you can beat i would buy again with no problem great
B00AOOH730 Great color, great fit I love it, very comfortable. Got great compliments on it at the office. Only wore it once thus far but they're great shoes.
B00AOOH730 Great fit, okay comfort Great fit, but not as comfortable as the Puma S Low city. Looks good and it's a classic, so totally worth it.
B00AOOHURI and at a great price. What can I say? Puma, classic, suede, all black, and at a great price.....definitely recommend!
B00AOOK2OG They were a great price & great quaility too They were a great price & great quaility too. Just make sure you get at least one half size bigger than normal.
B00AOOL1SC Great shoes Very comfortable, look good, & fit well from when received; no complaints here.
B00AOOL1SC Good Look Too My Nephew loved thses shoes and they have a great look too.
B00AOOL1SC Great Shoes Very comfortable, fits as expected, great color
B00AOOLDO4 Love Pumas Great color, it's blue, or black, greenish? Cool kicks, and Pumas always fit well. Great feel and look. Just a shade under 5 stars
B00AOOZP3Y great price for a great shoe looks great, feels great, says PUMA. what more could you want out of a shoe? the white suede is more of an off-white though
B00AORB3DW great for the price for their price when i bought them ($30) they are great deal. I have used them in quite a few matches now and they get the job done. But they are really thin so expect few blisters at first and your toes to hurt ..if you kick with front of the shoe a lot your going to have problem, cause your going to be practically kicking with your toes.
B00AORB3DW Evospeed 4.2 Amazing shoes for the price. Great fit and durable materials, perfect for those who like having full control on the run.
B00AORB3DW Great soccer cleat I've used Pumas for a few years now and I love these. I bought the indoor version and loved them so I purchased these for outdoor. They fit great and I couldn't ask for more.
B00AORB3DW PUMA Men's Evospeed 4.2 FG Soccer Cleat,Black/Fluorescent Yellow,11 D US This is a great looking shoes !! It's runs 0.5 smaller then Nike. Don't buy smaller size and write a bad comment about it. It fits really great and very comfortable. It's also fair for the price.
B00AORB3DW Perfect Flashy yet inexpensive. Great cleats at a great price. Picked these up for my local kickball league. Cleats fit true to size and look pretty sweet. For the $30 price they can't be beat!
B00AQ1HX1C Fit great! This shirt fitted as expected. It had a good quality as well as being long enough and it had an overall great fit.
B00AQODE9E They fit great. I wear a size 10 1/2 US and ... They fit great. I wear a size 10 1/2 US and they are great. There is a mesh top to allow them to breathe. I found my new socks.
B00AWY5TQ4 Very comfortable I purchased these as a gift for my son.  They fit great and are extremely comfortable.  They have a very soft fabric on the inside.  They wash great too.  Very quick delivery.
B00AWYUO46 Great jacket Great jacket, now I feel even more rich, great quality as well and overall just a great jacket! If you plan on it wearing it a lot get the next size above if there is one.
B00AWYUO46 It's even better than what you can see in the pictures. I gotta say it: I'm very happy with this jacket.When i ordered it, i had my doubts as if it would look as great as the pictures shown in Amazon, or if it would fit as expected. But as soon as i saw it and got to try it on, i couldn't have been more satisfied.The fabric is great, it really feels that you're getting the quality you paid for. It is very comfortable, and has some little nice Ferrari details aside from the emblem in front.All in all, it was a great purchase. If you think you like it, go for it.
B00AWYUWR0 Great color and warm enough I simply love the color. And the material keeps me warm enough in air-conditioned environment. The size is true-fit. Great buy
B00AY6107M Cools shoes, great price, snug fit Title says it all for me. I love the style, the colors and the comfort. A little tight on the fit, hopefully they will stretch a skosh.
B00AY65V1I Exactly what I wanted Great shoe! Great traction! The one thing is if you have bought a pair of Puma's&#8230;.. they might night fit the same as your last.
B00AZEAI2G Great workout top Love this new top. Sweat wicking material and fit is great - not too short or too long. Washed well in too. I wish it came in more colors!!
B00AZFC3L4 Perfect! This is a genuine Puma product. Fits true to size and it looks great when worn with my Puma sneakers. Highly recommended!
B00B03F8V2 Great support and feet don't feel tired after standing all day. Great elastic in all the right places keeps feet feeling supported all day. Great for someone who has to be on their feet all day.
B00B0D79MI Great great work shoes These are amazing shoes in looks and comfort and I'd buy them again any day of the week hands down.
B00B1E4QSQ Puma Lover The puma sneakers came in on time. The color and fit was perfect!  The purchase price was great. I was completely satisfied with this purchase.
B00B1E5NU6 great shoes i ordered an 11, fit great! I liked them so  much (black) I just bought the grey, red and black!
B00B1E5NU6 Great sneeks I love my new sneakers. They fit very well and if I do say so my self they are rad. Keep up the good work of designing great shoes.
B00B1E5NU6 Awesome Fit great looks great they where everything I wanted them to be and then some. Great price and great product.
B00B1OWW50 Great Fit My son is silm and tall and these pants fit wonderful. Great for active wear or just to hang out at the house.
B00B4YAC54 Nice Quality I had been looking around for some time to find shoes for my daughter who just went through a growth spurt.  Trying on shoes in stores but found nothing we liked that were a decent price. These were a great price point and look really cool.  Original order was a 4.5 but they were too small.  5 are snug on her but work great.  She will likely have another growth spurt soon anyway as kids go.
B00B500BLW great shoe shoes fits as expected and looks great.  the only reason it got a 4 instead of 5 is because i could have paid a bit less in the stores.
B00B503HRW Great quality! Great looking and we'll made! I shopped all across the internet & this was the best price available. I would recommend these.
B00B503JTS great shoes love these shoes my daughter loved them i did get 2sizes biger tho and they fit great she stands out from other kids on the field i did
B00B532Q26 Fit great, look beautiful! I bought them a size too big so that they would last all year for her. They look beautiful and fit great.
B00B5EDEZI Puma sneakers good fit, at a great price, the color wasn't exactly what i expected but shades don't always translate true on the internet
B00B5GI762 Fantastic! Great sneakers!!  Love them and the style is so great!!  Absolutely adorable for my 7 year old nephew! Thank you!!
B00B5HUIO0 Great They are super cute shoes. Very easy to get on and off. Great shoes at a great price! Very happy with this purchase.
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes! Stylish and comfy, my kid loves them! The price was great too, overall an amazing deal!
B00B5HUIO0 Love the shoes I would reccommend to other buyers, the color and fit are great, they are easy to put on for her - great quality.
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes at great price Fits my 6 year old great. Color is bright and fun for summer. Puma always makes a good quality shoe, especially for all the wear and tear a little boy can give them.
B00B5HUIO0 Great Shoe! Got a pair of these for each of my boys who are 7 and 5. Its great for slipping on and racing out the door. It doesn't have a toddler look despite the velcro straps. Also great as a lounge shoe for a walk on the boardwalk or just hanging out.
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes My son loved the shoes great detail in the gold trim, comfortable fit well has worn for a week and no complaints puma makes great shoes for kids best purchase.
B00B5HUIO0 Great sneaker, great quality Purchased for my grandson, although the sizes run a little small, the quality is great. Had to return and reorder to correct the size, first time return to Amazon, amazingly simple.
B00B5HUIO0 Love these Its hard to find great ,reasonably priced shoes that still have the the velcro straps.My 7 year old can tie laces but sometimes its great to not have to! These shoes are great, I should just get one in every next size up,also fast delivery.
B00B5LHG82 +A Great product, as expected, no fast transaction, fits look great good quality, i did recomend, Tks Amazon. I will buy another next pair soon.
B00B5W0FHK fits great!!! I love this i bougth them for my 2 year old baby girl and it fits great besides they are so pretty!!!! Just the same as the picture
B00B5W0FHK Great shoes! Needs some traction! Great puma shoes! Good as it looks, my kid likes it! Just few weeks old, I wish would have a better traction, it's just flat bottom! But overall it's a great shoes!
B00B5W0UUW Great shoes My daughter loves these shoes - the fit is great very comfortable and the style is awesome. Would order again
B00B5W0UUW beautiful pair of sneakers and great quality I love these sneakers for my little girl. they fit true to size and they are of a great quality
B00B7LUG00 Great Great shoe great fit!!! highly recommend  for a good price got to love this shoe very comfortable and the delivery was wonderful
B00B7LUG00 Great Shoe, nice surprise! This is my first pair of Puma's in a few decades.  Great fit and feel.  Very soft to walk in.  If you are looking for a change, I would give these a try.
B00B7LUG00 Great sport shoes Love the design, colors and comfort. Great to walk and exercise. Cross training is hard with cheap shoes. These have a balance between Price and quality.
B00B7LUG00 awesome shoes!!! There everything I had hoped for! Great fit and performance. Even better quality than expected and the color scheme is awesome!!!
B00B7LUG00 Great buy Light and comfortable! I'm on my feet 8 hours a day and these shoes feel great!  I would recommend these to anyone.
B00B7LUG00 Great shoes Great shoes, look nice and work well for what's needed. Right now, I am using them for the Insanity workout and they are performing great. I only use them for workouts and my old shoes for everyday use.
B00B7LVA8C great shoes fit perfectly and comfortable all day long, right out of the box. i got them for work as boots and they are great.
B00B9ZDQA6 Great Great fit. Wish Puma didn't end it's line of production with so many products so quickly. Looks good with a matching pair of shorts or running pants.
B00BAO96TG excellent its very useful and great product.very easy to use and maintainlooks sportyand a great sport product to own
B00BAO98AI Great Watch Great price.  Great look.  Easy to clean and looks classy.  Only downside is the underside does get rugged looking quick.
B00BAXWTT6 Kids Sneakers They look great but they are a bit on the small side.
B00BAXWTT6 Great price, great shoes, thanks Amazon.com! Exactly what I was expecting. Easy for my kids to put them on. And with FREE RETURNS from Amazon. I will continue to buy shoes online, knowing that I can return them if they don't' meet my expectations.
B00BAYYE2K Great fit and comfortable Just as I predicted the sole is sturdy and great for an active child. It gives more versatility when running, jumping, and climbing. This makes for an overall good buy.
B00BAZGA8A Love them! My daughter loves her shoes. She will be trying them out for the first time tonight in her Zumba class. She is sooo excited about wearing them.  They look great and feel great on her feet.
B00BEEONVS Awesome, we love it! Great set and great price.  Highly recommend.  It has become one of our son's favorite outfits and his parents like it too!
B00BEEOPSY Great value and super quality These shorts and shirt fit my son perfectly! It is great quality at a bargain price. I would buy again!
B00BK2A53E Great Works well for soccer practice and looks great. Washes well and doesn't pick up grass stains easily. It would have been nice if the waist was drawstring for skinnier children but overall would highly recommend.
B00C5UPFPS Just what I expected I'm very satisfied with my purchase. They look great, fit great and are overall just perfect shoes for good money.
B00C5UPRQK Great look, great feel My first Puma purchase was a complete dice-roll but I'm glad I did it. These are my second pair of Pumas since and my favorite. Great shoe.
B00C5UPRQK Great Shoes Very comfortable and the colors are great.  They are made very well and have great cushioning.  I get lots of compliments.
B00C6AH8J8 Chicks man Awesome shoe. Feels great and looks great. All the chicks will be eyeing you wherever you are in these kicks!!!
B00C6AIR2U GREAT AND COOL THEY WERE GREAT AND I LOVE THEM  THEY ARE REALLY COMFY AND LOOKS AWESOME AND THEY WERE THE RIGHT SIZE
B00C6BPP10 Great! They are great, however the previous reviews helped me to order one size bigger, which was a great idea, the price is the best!!
B00C6BTJUS Pumzas These fit well and are very comfortable. Great buy at the price paid . I give them 4 stars. Very pleased.
B00C6BTJUS Great fit Excellent service,fast and comfortable shoes. Great price and quality for puma new style. I will definitely purchase another pair anytime .
B00C6BTJUS great durable! well the shoes looks great, I really like itand the price was so good!i definitely will buy again  :D
B00C6BUJDY Great shoe Great show love it, it fits perfect size 8 and love the extra height for someone 5'1. Great style and design on the outside.
B00C6EW87G Better than I thought I was nervous when I purchased it. Thought it was not as the picture. Turned out that the size 9 fit perfectly and feels great on your feet. Great workout shoes
B00C70PMOU Great buy Great looking jacket and fits great . I am very happy with quality. It was Just what I was looking for.
B00C70ZJF2 Great boys pants These look and feel great. I am so pleased with the quality of this item. These will last a long time...at least until he outgrows them :)
B00C72IZPQ My son looks super handsome on this! I'm in love with this puma tee! It fits great, is very well constructed and have great quality, and the most cool about it is that my little boy looks super handsome on it. I highly recommend this product.
B00C7GKY06 Great comfortable light tracksuit This fits great for my little boy, although the pants seem very long, but he does have short legs. The jacket is nice and lightweight, great for putting on, on a cooler summer evening, to cover up. Well made. My little boy has worn it a lot and it's not misshapen from washing or come apart at all.
B00C7L2S0U Great! not as thick as i thought it maybe , but great fit and perfect for under her winter coat, this will make a great gift for my kid!
B00C7L3868 GREAT and comfy my little girl loves them. fits well, not hot and look great. not to short or long. everything just right.
B00C7MQI2S PUMA Girls Colorblock Track Jacket, Raspberry Rose, 4 Great spring jacket! Fits my 3 1/2 yr old perfectly! Love the color and goes great with jeans. Highly recommended!
B00C7MVPZS Great Really liked these. Fit great, looked great, my daughter loves them. They do have rhinestones on them which i didnt realize, but it was a bonus!
B00C7MYLHW Great buy!!! These pants fit perfectly according to size. They are very soft and comfortable. Great buy and fast shipping. You can't beat the price or the quality.
B00C7OEL4I Great deal; great style; and price was right This is a definite Puma Product; I love their style for both of my girls ages 2 and 5. I bought this in a 2T. Fits great and has a little room which is what I was hoping for bc I bought this for Spring..Packaging was great and came right on time..Will be purchasing more of these shirts.
B00C7OHAYQ Nice pants! Love the pants.  Shipped fast.  Great quality.  Washes up great.  Perfect for cooler weather at the gym!  VERY Happy Kid!
B00C7OJMBU Great value! I purchase this T-shirt for my 41/2 year old daughter and loved! Fit perfect and price is good. Highly recommend it  :)
B00C7OJMBU Love it. I bought this for my 3yo daughter. This shirt may last her a while (she grows kind of fast). The material and color is great. Great for a little cooler weather.
B00C7VHPY4 Love it :D I got a great deal on this product $39. Looks and feels great. Not sure if I would pay the full $75 price tag. Unlike other brands size is exact!! materials used are high quality.I'm happy with my purchase.
B00C7VHPY4 Great Jacket! Great fit and very warm, perhaps too warm but if used in the wrong weather.
B00C7VHPY4 Great Hoodie! I got this at a great price, under $40. It is very comfortable, warm and looks great. I'm always between a large and extra large and this in extra large fits nicely. At $75 I would be ok with it, at $60 happy but at $40 I Love it!
B00C9CRQCW FIT GREAT! I would recommend these to others. They fit great, Im 5'7&#34; and pretty curvy and I got the XL they go all the way to my ankles and covere my butt. I didnt know if they would be see through or not, good thing they are not (=
B00C9CRQCW great Legging Perfect fit and high quality.  Love the stripe, very flattering, slender silhouette.  Great waist band, no roll or slip. Puma never disappoints!
B00C9IT5WK Great purchase Great pants, exactly what I expected. The price was also great and very affordable. Glad I ordered them when I did because price went back up
B00CAJRVII Great fit - Easy On/Off My 3 year-old has lots and lots of shoes, but when allowed to choose, chooses these most of the time.  Very happy with the fit, price, quality and ease of use for toddler shoe skills.
B00CAJSUKG Great Just received the shoes. Felt in love as soon as I opened the box. Great quality and fit. Very comfortable!
B00CAJT9OW Great fit!! Couldn't have fit any more perfect than they did! We will be buying more of this brand in the future!!
B00CAJZDHY Great Shoes! Good fit and love the color. I'm a walker and these are great for that. Recommend them. Price was right, too.
B00CAK38DY Great Shoe! Very comfortable, love the color and the price. They look and feel durable as well. I don't have much experience with Pumas (I'm an Asics man) but I couldn't resist the color and the price. I'm very satisfied so far. Recommend!
B00CAK6FVQ Good shoe great price. I am always happy with Amazon purchases. They look over all the merchandise and I feel safe to buy because of the no hassle returns. After 10 years I have returned only once.
B00CE8R6BC great we ordered for our dad who loves sport and is practical with great colors and shape is easy to use
B00CEVRAEW Great brand, great price For the discounted price I paid for this, I am very pleased. I hope my grandson loves it as much as I do.
B00CN5B73O Great outfit Adorable and at a great price! Legs are a bit long but you can just roll them once- I figure its better than being too short
B00CN5B8BA puma pant set Looks great on my granddaughter, fit very well.
B00CN5B8BA Great! Great comfy outfit for active child.Fast shipping. I would definitely purchase similar products again for myself and kids! Highly satisfied!
B00CN5BRSE Great material! They run small but puma always has.My niece loved it and it's a great thicker material. Would definitely purchase one again!
B00CN5CI9G So Pleased w this set This was a great deal and I love the material..I bought a 2T for my 2 yr old girl..fits great w a little room which is fine because I want it for her to wear this Spring..Great Packaging..super pleased!
B00CS0SQ2Y Great Experience Was worried it wouldn't come in time for Christmas but it did! the wallet was great quality and looked exaclty like the picture..
B00CWL2EWC AFC Great Fit,, Great Price, Comfortable, Great for the Winter for Cold, The Sole is good for Snow, Good Quality,Leather & Suede
B00D4KBIG8 dont think twice and buy it... great fit, value and quality . your kid will look like a pro... mine loves it...would buy over and over again
B00D9M3CFQ great quality I ordered the T-shirt because I am member of the Scuderia Ferrari Club. The quality of the material and the tailoring is great and much better than what we usually get when we buy T-shirts in the States. The fit is perfect and my friends are buying it too.
B00DBDZF3A Great great socks. I have these socks. They are realllllly nice. Great quality feeling material for sure.Fit: i am an 11.5 wide and they fit great. They have enough &#34;stay&#34; power so im not pulling them back up every 5 seconds thru out the day but not tight enough where it leaves a mark in my calf where its wrapped in.Purpose/Function: I wanted something to wick (sorry.... i got sweaty ass feet) and something that goes above where a standard boot would go.. and prevent any weird rubbing of the boot rim. These do great!Appearance: I actually really like the puma look.Only thing: My costco sells these for like $12 for 6 pair.. i think $24 is REALLLLLLLLY high for this!!I mean they sell these and the smaller no show ones at costco. Id shop elsewhere.
B00DHJQ39S Great Women's Golf Shoe They are comfortable and very fashionable. I normally wear a 7 or 7 1/2 and I purchased a size 7 1/2 which fit great. I would highly recommend these.
B00DHJT5PC Great Golf Show These shoes are great. Really comfortable and have really good grip. The only thing is they are a lot wider then I remember puma being. I got a size 10 and a wide foot. These fit a little bigger then I expected. But a Great shoe
B00DNNOCQE Great Price, Great Style Great basic, old school shoe.  Fits as expected and is formal enough to get away with on casual Friday with jeans.
B00DNNS4S6 Great Track Shoe My granddaughter loved these shoes.  She runs High School track.  They fit fine and so far have been great for her experience.
B00DNNS6ZM Puma Voltaic 5 Great buy, will shop again
B00DNNS6ZM great. being a puma fan 16pairs os pumas this power tek voltaic are great well built, but as always buy them 1/2 size bigger.
B00DOE8S9O Great Great shoe, good looks and a comfortable fit. Arrived on time with no issues, although I did forget to use a 20% off discount code for new spring items...
B00DOEGVA2 Can't go wrong with Puma! Comfortable and stylish!  Great price!
B00DOEPQD0 They fit perfect Great color combination and fit, look like a Paul Smith collaboration.Very happy.Great cork souls inside great arch support.
B00DOFY482 I love Puma-Bmw stuffs !!! awesome..great product and great quality, I usually use 10 but this time I chose 11 and they fit me perfect..!!
B00DOFY482 Great buy Receive a lot of wows when getting out of my convertible blue BMW, I do recommend these flip flops. Great job Puma
B00DOG1Q96 Puma future Cat S1 in Style Great shoe from puma, puma cats always fit great and have that sleek style. Light weight and comfortable shoes that go well with denim.
B00DOG2KMS Great Fits really well and are ever comfortable. They go great with anything you wear, I would definitely recommend this to anyone.
B00DOG55AW Great shoes but... Great clean look would recommend that you get them a half size bigger then what you wear  a great buy
B00DOL32BQ Great Shoes The turf shoes feel great. Just what I wanted for game play and dry days on the field when coaching.
B00DOPGFM0 nice jacket. fits fine.  thought it would be a thicker lining prob would not buy this for winter use but otherwise i like it.  color is great and it fits great
B00DQYYVAM Great Look great, fit true to size, comfortable. Nothing more to say really.
B00DQYYVAM these are fun! I'm loving these shoes! I was wearing sambas and decided to get these as those were wearing out after several years. These shoes fit great and look great! I highly recommend them!
B00DRIZGA6 I am team Puma Just got some new puma shoes, so i needed a blue shirt to go with them. Great fit. Great color
B00DROS346 Great t-shirt Great t-shirt, excelent quality as expected. Fits great and color is awesome, not just a regular t-shirt at a very good price.
B00DS3QSO8 Great Shoe! Just got back from first run in these shoes and they where great! They have a nice spring to em'. A+++
B00DS5M8FO Great product But the size is smaller than normal sizing. I love the material and colors are great.Would recommend this product as a great gift.
B00DT5PLMK Great Item This item fits and looks great. It is much cheaper than the ones i saw at the Puma store. From the tags it seems like its authentic.
B00DUL6J7Y Great Great show. Looks good on my son.  It goes with all type of clothing.  Will purchase again.  Thank you.  Appreciate it
B00DULBHY4 Great Shoes Fit well - nicely made - great summer athletic shoe and reasonably priced. Would buy these again if needed again.
B00DULUOWU Love them They are great.i fit like a glove !!!and what a gre !at price $$$$ :) I will buy Puma again!!
B00DULXWII great but tiny great shoes but really tiny. had to return and order one size bigger. now it fits perfect!i would recommend it to your Lil Guy
B00DULXWII Great shoes We have been buying pumas for my son for a few years now they are a great quality  shoe that lasts a long time. Would recommend for any busy little kid
B00DULXWII Good buy Great shoe for a preschool boy.  This is the third pair I have purchased.  He outgrows them before he ruins them which is a miracle.  The are a great fit for a kid with wide feet.
B00DY6160A Puma Womens Asha lt 2 Sneakers The shoes are excellent fit and look really great.  They are true to size and look great with short or jeans
B00DY74P70 great looking Puma sneakers I got these sneakers for their great appearance, and they did not disappoint.  Love the way they look.  The size is perfect.  They arrived promptly.  The reason I gave 4 & not 5 stars is 'cause I wish they were a bit more comfortable.  Just a bit.
B00DYRQBAO great deal on a great jacket Came quickly and fits perfectly! The item is in perfect shape and is super warm. I ordered the small and it fit my little sister wonderfully. She loves it!
B00DYXTPKQ My boy loves it I purchase this coat for my boy. And was really worth it. He loved the pockets so he can put his hands inside when its cold. He looked adorable with it.Great buy for great price!!!
B00DYXTPKQ Great deal Great jacket for a great price. My son isn't quite 3 yet so hoping this jacket will last through next winter as well. It's very good quality so have a good feeling it will.
B00DYXTPKQ Great. Great jacket!My son love it.Very warm, looking nice, bright and comfortable puffer jacket.Good value for price.recommended.
B00E0FZYT8 Perfect gift! This was purchased as a gift and I was concerned about quality.  There was no need to worry!  Great quality and fit was perfect as described.  Looks great on the future Olympian!
B00E4PKTUI Nice This is a great sweat jacket.  The color is great, we got a red one/  One of the few items I bought on the Internet that looks hell of better in person then in the picture
B00E4PKTUI Fits as the second skin My boyfriend is a Big fan of F1. This was a great gift and he was really happy. Great stuff
B00E6O333W Great Item in sporty play wear for toddlers. Very very nice! The size is perfect along with the clothing quality.Very durable for a child this size..Great item..love the colors.
B00EDHUOZM Great Hoodie Fits and works as expected.  I use it for running and it looks and works great!  Highly recommended, especially for the price.
B00EDHUOZM Great deal, great hoodie Not much to say, great training hoodie. I love the Nike KO hoodies, this was such a great deal that I switched it up. Love them both now!
B00EDHUOZM This hoodie fits great It looks great, too. It could be a little heavier, but it's a nice springtime hoodie. I would recommend it
B00EDHUOZM Great!!! Fit as sized.  It is very comfortable. A great value for the money.  My girlfriend already stole it from me.
B00EDHUOZM Great Deal! Great price and quality product, it is a thin sweatshirt but worth the price. I am considering purchasing another one.
B00EDOMUYI Great buy Very happy with this purchase fit line a glove, stylish and very comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI Great shoes Love the comfort in the shoes.... It's great to wear it to gym and jogging ... Nd it goes great with jeans aswell
B00EDOMUYI Great value Great value and a nice looking shoe. Lightweight but a bit too snug
B00EDOMUYI Feel great so far I have always been carful when buying shoes online because of so many bad purchases. I went ahead and tried one more time and I am quite satisfied so far. I have put about 24 miles on these sneakers in the past 2 weeks and have not had any issues yet. My feet feel great while running and afterwards.I feel that it was a great purchase. I will update if any issues develop.
B00EDOMUYI very comfortable everything i expected, they fit great, and all the kids are jealous. Worth the price for a great pair of shoes.
B00EDOMUYI Fits great and feels great! Purchased for everyday use, I love these shoes! Pumas are my favorite
B00EDOMUYI They fit great and the have great grip I use them for ... They fit great and the have great grip I use them for football conditioning and they seem to be doing well in the weight room
B00EDOMUYI ... this deal and i was noticed as having some great looking shoes daughter missed out on this deal and i was noticed as having some great looking shoes. Did a 5k run in these and tore up the course
B00EDOR4L2 Great price. Not a lot of lateral support. Great price.
B00EDOR4L2 Great quality, little rounder in the toe that I expected. These shoes have great support, they look fantastic, and they're of good quality. Looking at the picture I think I expected them to be a little narrower or more pointed at the toe and they're a bit rounder than I expected (if that makes sense). They still look and feel great though.
B00EDOR4L2 great shoe These are great.  Colors and nice.  Very comfortable.  Fit is true to size. :)
B00EDOR4L2 Great deal I love the shoes. They fit great and are really comfortable. I like the puma brand with shoes, they fit my feet better then most other brands.
B00EDOR4L2 Awesome! Super comfy and look great! True to size.
B00EDOR4L2 great deal, great shoe I saw this deal and jumped on it. The shoes are very comfortable.
B00EDOR4L2 Great, vibrant colors As always, Puma shoes fit great and offer exciting styles/colors. Price was excellent and delivery was timely! Thanks for the email sale notice. I was hooked!
B00EDORCPU GREAT NO MUCH ARCH SUPPORT BUT OVER ALL GREAT!
B00EJP6M9K Great Shoe Looks great, and fits great.  Haven't been wearing much, because of snow, so can't wait till spring to start wearing it.
B00EPFT5TI Great quality and fit I bought it for my 10 years son and it fits perfect! Great product for the cost, I recommend it.
B00ETHZV2M Great buy I'm a tech at an ophthalmology practice and I'm on my feet all day (and pregnant) these give me the comfort I need! Great shoes..
B00ETI2NUE Great Great shoes, I just don't like that the sole is very small, they get dirty very quickly
B00EX92PUM Great Sweatshirt Just perfect for wintry workouts or morning walks in the woods. Looks great, fits well, washes and dries well, and is just what I wanted!
B00F5YOPW0 Great shirt, great price! I got this for my grandson and he loves it and looks adorable in it!  The quality is typical PUMA, and it should wear well for a very long time.
B00F93SCEO Great item We bought this as a gift or my brother-on-law. Not only was is great quality, but the price tag said this original cost $69.99, so it felt like we got a great deal. I'm sure he's going to love it.
B00FB64HLG Great fitting hoody. Looks exactly like picture shows, great color an fitness fit. Great for a quick run an workout jacket for you.
B00FFM3Q6S Great Cleats! I love these cleats!  They are comfortable.  Looking forward to a great soccer season this fall with them.  Excellent condition.
B00FJ57PQS A great product. The size corresponds to reality. The workmanship is excellent. I liked everything. A great product. The wife was very pleased. Thank you.
B00FLZXWOK great price considering it is a well known brand great price considering it is a well known brand.  it looks great and feels great on my 10 year old son.
B00FMCASVM Great Quality and Great Price Eye catching colors, fabric is good. Good trusted brandGreat shirt at a great price. I am loving it. I am buy more colors very soon. thanks
B00FRG5XEK puma girls Would buy again great material
B00FRG62HM great item this pair of shorts fit well and the color is great.  ,my grand daughter really likes the shorts.
B00FRL46GG Great fit Great fit! Fast delivery. The shorts hang nice and low just the way my son likes then- a little below the knee
B00FRM2LIU Great Value Excellent value and quality. Love the bright colour and after lots of washing the motif is still like new. Great sports top.
B00FSDC3TU very cute and  great  price This was on sell for like  $6 and so  i get the size M  its  for girls but fits  M fits adult size S  great
B00FSOUXO6 PUMA Shirt for our Great-Nephew This shirt looks great on our Great-Nephew and matches the Surf Bathing Suit we also purchased for him.  Great product.
B00FSS2OUI Great for my daughter Received in the winter and when we put it on her it fit perfect and looks great. Would order again
B00FVZGL2K !!! Great color. Great fit. We Love Puma tracksuits! A little long but that's to be expected with all Puma tracksuits.
B00FVZGL2K great Great and fast service. Lovely fit and great quality. Nice bright and well made great for kids to run about in
B00FW29LNI Great I love this on my son it fit great thank u I want the bike one too expect me ordering again
B00FW40KG8 Great Quility If it has a Ferrari Insignia on it you would expect quality.... and this held up to that standard. And it it looks great on my 2 year.
B00FW6QS26 The fit was great and material did not feel cheap Jerseys often run too big for me to wear, which is why I opt to wear youth sizes.  The fit was great and material did not feel cheap.
B00FW6RVSG Great buy Shirt is great. Fits well to my 8 year old and he really likes it. Also happy with Argentina shirt.
B00G4CZDDM Looks Great... These shoes are worth more than what I paid for them.  Great price for a great looking and fitting shoe.
B00GIS8KZA Great quality! It's little bit big for my 4 ... Great quality! It's little bit big for my 4 years old daughter but I order it to wear this and hope next year. Any way 5 is also once and light!
B00GV3GRJI Always a great fit. Quality is great and they wear a ... Been wearing Pumas for years. Always a great fit. Quality is great and they wear a long time.Very happy with them.
B00GV3GRJI Great shoes I was really pleased with the quality of these shoes. They look and feel great. I would purchase them again!
B00GV3QS4M Excellent The shoe looks great, fit well and are comfortable. Great buy!
B00H33RBVS Great Fit I ordered this jacket in a large for my son who is currently moving into the 14/16 size of clothing. This jacket fits well and is of good quality. I haven't washed it but new everything about it looks great. It is thick - but not too thick and will be great for warm nights or basketball warm ups. I would recommend it.
B00H7RZ5HC Great outfit I Love this outfit. Fits great and kid looks very cute. Washed several times and the colors are still great.
B00HSH9C4I great product There not thick. Very breathable. They stay put. No slipping down into your shoes. I've worn high tops with them and they didn't move. They are great. I'd definitely get them again.
B00HTAKRI4 Three Stars Shoes look great but the material stains easily.
B00I2OKXVM Just what I wanted Size is normal fits great!No issues with shoes, they are in great condition.I would recommend them to a friend.
B00IAS4794 looks great, debating about sending back Look nice but boy are they tight. Don't feel right out of the box, way too tight a fit for my size 11 feet. Long enough, look great, but they will take a lot of tight, cramped days to make comfortable.
B00IEVFNWC Great! Got this for my Dad for father's Day, and it arrived just in time for Italy's first game. He loved it! Nice material, and great fit.
B00IEVFS7C Great looking top Definitely an essential piece of fanware. Fits as expected and looks great.
