B0009PUMBI Geat Price on these Cleats! I bought these for my son who is a soccer-player.  He loves them and feels "cool" in them- great price and great quality.
B000FPNFAW Puma shoes I bought these shoes at the request of my 30 yr old son for his birthday.  He absolutely loves them.  I was very pleased with the timely shipping. These shoes are very nice looking and comfortable. The price was great!
B000MIRLNY Play Ball! I purchased these for my 8 yr old son who plays little league and they are great!  He is very picky and is at that age where he insists on picking out his own shoes and clothes, so I was expecting a battle because I bought these as a surprise.... They fit comfortably and he absolutely loves them.  He even said they're the best cleats he's had!
B000R4XHRC Great deal My son had been bugging us for a pair of Puma tennis shoes forever so when I came across these on Amazon for 25 dollars I bought them. They were actually much nicer than I expected and my son wears them every day. So far they are holding up nicely.
B0019UHB34 Great Shoes for the Price Made a teenage son very happy...nothing does that does it? Lasted all year at school. Excellent shoe for the money.
B001B14S46 Teenage Son Loves I bought these shoes for my son in all white. He loves the stylish look and he says they are very comfortable.  The only downfall is trying to keep them white.  His blue jeans often leave blue dye on the shoes which I have found to be almost impossible to remove.
B001B52UFG Great Gift! I bought these as a Christmas gift formy boyfriend. He loves them! He had some pumas before that he wore unitl they died and these are his new favorites. Highly advised especially at Amazons unbeatable price!
B001B84TUM Very Stylish and COOL I love this shoe!!!!!!! My son loves it even more because he does not have to tied them!!!! The fashion of this sneaker is so cool!! Love it will buy again later on if my son's does not mind,,,
B001CHG1YY Perfect skateboard shoe! Fabulous. Bought them for my 13 year old son to skate in. They are perfect. I even now want a pair!!
B001CHG1YY great buy i bought  this shoes for my husband.  He was ecstatic and he loves it very much.  fits great, just what he wanted.
B001CHG1YY Bought for Son The shoes had a good amount of growing room for my teenager. The shoes will probably last for next Spring, which was the purpose of the shoes.He loves the comfort and durability; which helps our wallet.
B001CHG1YY Bought as a gift My husband has been looking for these shoes, and although they are a little bright for my taste, he loves them and that's all that matters.
B001CHG1YY Hubby loves it! Love it!
B001CHG1YY OUR SON LOVES THEM Fast shipping, fair pricing, quality product, adiquate packaging.  What more can we ask for, right?  Thank you Amazon.com.Purchased these as a gift for our son, and he seems to love wearing them.  So money well spent.
B001CHG1YY Husband loves them! These are awesome shoes that I purchased for my husband and he loves them.  He wears them walking the dogs and then throws them on at night to wear to his music gigs.  Love Puma!
B001CHG1YY Red sneakers My son loves red sneakers and they are often difficult to find in his size (14).  We had never ordered Puma's before but these were just what he wanted!  He has not had them long enough to see how they will hold up but he loves the look and the fit.
B001CHG1YY Puma Life My son is a sneaker head. He loves Nike, Jordan, and now Puma. They are cute and inexpensive. I will purchase additional colors.
B001CHG1YY Puma shoes Perfect shoe for my boyfriend! He loves them as well. Classic and well fit. Perfect Christmas gift for him. Thanks
B001CHG1YY Perfect Fit perfectly arrived on time and were exactly what I wanted! Great look! My son loves them and wears them all the time now!
B001CHG1YY Great shoes My son loves his new puma shoes. They look very nice with his uniform, and seem to be the same as the more expensive ones at the store. Thanks
B001CHG1YY for my man They are a versatile color with grey and blue. Hard to keep clean but he loves them.
B001CHG1YY Everyone loves them I get a comments all the time on how great the shoe looks and surprised they are still made in the old school look.
B001E1EJ1U Nice Shoe They look great on my son feet!! He loves them also. They fit true to size and are light weight.
B001E1EJ1U sneakers hurt my son's toes my son wears size 1 and this sneakers hurts his toes so i had to take out d inner soles for him to get a proper fit
B001F7AK3E Bought for style My son loves these shoes, and we have bought a number of pairs for him, but they really don't last and don't offer much support.  I'd say they lasted 6 months or regular wear.
B001F7AKX4 9 year old loves these! Good sneaker - quality seems good, they are holding up to my 9 year old and he loves them.
B001HX37RC Gift I ordered this as a gift for my sister and she loves it, its exactly what she wanted.  I got it for a great price and it arrived very quickly.
B001OOMODM puma I bought these for my 19 year old daughter for her birthday.  She loves them!  She walks alot around her college campus, and she says they are the most comfortable shoes she owns,  & they're cute too!
B001OOMT3M Nice shoes!!! I bought these shoes for my daughter and she simply loves them. They look very neat on her, very stylish...
B001RMHPG2 Inexpensive Quality! I'm a former professional soccer player and college soccer coach.  I have 3 children who all play soccer and each has his/her preference in shoes.  My oldest daughter has gravitated to Nike, my 12 year old son likes Puma Kings but my youngest daughter is locked on this shoe.  I've offered her the option of trying more expensive ones and even ordered a pair for her.  She wore them for one practice and asked me if I could get her these again.  She's had a few color combinations but absolutely loves these Pumas.  Puma V5.08 SL I FG Soccer Cleat Kids  I love the price-tag!
B001UQ6W8M Wonderful shorts These shorts are well made and fit my grandson perfectly.  He loves to play basketball, they stay up and stay looking good!
B001VH71SA PUMA for the teenager The teenage boy loves the shoes. He only wants Pumas and these came on time and fit the bill.
B001VH7ZL8 overall fit My son loves this shoe, except it seems to be a little tight over the in-step?
B001VKXF6O My son loves these shoes Great look!  Great feel!  Came at a good price.  This product was what he wanted and what he got!
B001VKXJ6U My Aunty loves them My aunty loves them, she said that they comfortable and that they where the best price she found, and they are exactly as the picture.
B001VKXX20 Nice shoes! bought this for my husband.  It looks great with jeans and shorts!  He loves the comfort and look!
B001VKXX20 Puma Men's Voltaic II Sneaker I ordered these shoes for my son. He loves them. It was quick and easy to order the shoes and in a few days they arrived.
B0023NU2XW Nice shoes.. very light weight Our son loves these shoes. They are so lightweight and look so cool. He mentions that the shoes is light weight and allows him to run faster than before.
B0023NV8D0 My son loves these.. My son is 12 and got these a few months back. He uses them all the time and his friends loved the pair. Definitely good on styling and comfort. Doesn't have support but that's not what PUMAs are for.
B0023NVE1G Great Shoes I got these sneakers for my 2 year old niece for Christmas and she absolutely adores them.  She wears them everyday!Thank You!!
B0023NVHWW Excellent shoes Excellent athletic shoes, my son loves it very much.Good seller - Delivery in time.
B002ACPKE2 Positive Bought them for my daughter for indoot track... running in school halls - hard floor.  she loves them and (knock on wood) has been fine on her knees!
B002ECFBUQ Puma shoe My daughter loves her new shoes and this was the best price we could find.
B002EENBOW Bought these for my boyfriend - He loves them.. i bought these for my guy's birthday this year and he loves them.  he originally had some speeders like this but a different color and needless to say..they were pretty worn out.speeders are comfy and they look nice.  he loves them and so do i.i def recommend these. :]
B002EENI40 Great pair of sneakers My son loves puma brand and when im shopping for him I get him two pairs at a time very comfortable suitable for all ages..
B002EENI40 Just as promised! My son loves these shoes.  True to size, very comfortable and shipped quickly. We would definitely purchase here again. Excellant quality and service.
B002EL3KQE For my grandson I absolutely love these, and so does my grandson. The only issue is how easily they get dirty, and how hard the "suede" is to clean. But they seem very comfortable for him and he loves how they light up.
B002EL3KQE light up pumas My daughter absolutely loves these shoes. The light up Puma looks like a skeleton which makes it even cooler. And the fit was perfect!
B002EL3KQE Son loves these My son got these for Christmas from Santa and he loves them.  The skeleton inside the puma lights up, which he loves.  I did have to exchange them for a size up, but that could be just because he's growing really fast.  The white has scuffed already, but they didn't have the grey that I wanted.  Pooh.  Oh well, they're super cute.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes for play and dress up. My son loves these shoes, great for running, playing and dressing up.Great shoes for play and dress up time.
B002EL3KQE great but wrong size These shoes are great and my son loves them, but I received the wrong size, so in a short time they won't fit anymore, that's why I only chose 2 stars for this item.
B002EL3KQE Wonderful My son loves that these light up. I love puma as always. Shoes were shipped in a timely manner! Great
B002EL3KQE good shoe. daughter loves them Will watch for straps to tear early on.. previously that has happened with other pairs. Kids love the flashing  lights
B002EL3KQE cool shoes my grandson loves these shoes.I got the wrong size to start with,they run small so if child wears a 8 I would get a 9.
B002EL3KQE Love them! These are all leather and the Puma lights up.  My son does not want to take them off!  He loves them and so far they have held up really well! He says they are really comfortable even with his wide feet!
B002EL3KQE Puma illum alum My 3 year old son loves this shoe. This is his third pair (different colors of course) and Puma has been making them for at least two years. I fits true to size. Puma will still illuminate after washings. Lots of compliments. Love IT!!!
B002EL3KQE So adorable My son loves these shoes! The leather and stitching appear to be good quality. The light-up Puma on the side actually shows a faint feline skeleton in person.  Note that these do run small; toddler size 7 shoes generally are a little tight on my son (he would wear 7.25 if that existed), but the size 8 in these fit perfectly.
B002EL3KQE Very nice My son loves these shoes.  The lights are fun for him.  My son has normal foot (not wide), hence good.  I wish I could get these in Wide width for my little one!
B002EL3KQE Perfect My son loves these shoes, they are the only shoes he wants to wear. He loves that the puma lights up
B002EL3KQE My 5 year old Loves them!!! At $26 for these, I couldn't be happier! Compared to department store shoes for $20 bucks, these are much lighter and form fitting. The design is pretty cool for a kid and they light up!
B002EL3KQE Great sneakers My 4 year old son absolutely loves these sneakers.  The fact that they light up makes him quite happy as well.  He says they're comfortable and they make him run faster ;-)
B002EL3KQE Nephew loves them I got these for my nephew for Christmas.  he loves them.  The Puma on the side lights up.  These are one of the coolest kid shoes I have seen.
B002EL3KQE Love the shoes Our son loves the illuminescent shoes, but more importantly they fit perfectly. We did have to send back after a few months when the lights stopped working, however Amazon's service was perfect in handling for a hassle free swap. They are sturdy and will wear well. They are easier to clean than the shade or leather shoes, so we prefer this material for kids, since they will beat them up quickly.
B002EL3KQE Lights, camera, action My son LOVES his PUMA light up shoes!! They are easy to get on and off. We have had the shoes for about 5 months so far and my son wears them almost everyday, he is 5 and very active. The shoes have held up great and still are looking like new. We purchased them in our sons normal size.. but realized they run small (which we read after we got them). Amazon quickly shipped out the next size up and we've been happy with them. My son wanted light up shoes, but the only ones we could ever find were the ones with cartoon characters on them.. thank goodness we found these. The light up actually is quite bright on the shoes, and it shows up as a puma skeleton when he steps.. pretty rad!
B002EL3KQE Son loves them Theses shoes are very nice and I did not mind the price at all. They look very nice on him and they are very easy to put on and off as well.  I was not aware that the Puma lights up on some of his steps...i do not like cartoon shoes or shoes that light up but this pair is not over the top and actually looks cool.  My son loves them.  I definitely recommend this pair of shoes.
B002EL3KQE my kid loves it my kid just loved his new puma lighting sneakers... He wears it all day long and keeps jumping aroudn just to see the lights... just cute
B002EL3KQE Love them Our son loves these shoes. They are really unique and cool. They're easy to get on and comfortable. Would buy these again.
B002EL3KQE Good buy My three year old loves these shoes!!  He specifically remembers the first pair he had that were when he was 18 mos that were blue and white.  He picked these put on his own and we are happy with how they have held up.
B002EL3KQE My son loves these We had these in the white/navy blue and my son outgrew them so we bought this one. He loves his light up shoes!!
B002EL3KQE four stars My son loves them!! They were as advertised and size correct. I would surely buy these again. Hope this helps.
B002EL3KQE Puma Pink love We ordered this shoe in a 12. It ran a little small and so we returned the item but bought it in a 12.5. My 5 year old loves this running / athletic shoe. The colors are great the light up action is pretty cool with the bones outline when activated and most of all the comfort of the shoe on her little foot couldn't be better. She is much the drama queen when it comes to shoes and their fit. She just loves these shoes! I really should buy more in bigger sizes while they last!
B002EL3KQE My son loved these and they are a bit different than the usual light ups Good support from these. They made my son happy because of their comfort and their lights. Did not feel like I compromised by buying these.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes! These shoes were amazing. My 3 year old loves them and how they light up. They do have trouble lighting up when he walks normal but he's pretty small. If he stomps they light up very well. He loves the bright colors! We will definitely be buying more as he outgrows these. I love that they are the traditional light up shoes as well
B002EL3KQE My son loves these, but  Order 1 full size up. As long as you know to order 1 size up, you are good to go.My 2 1/2 yr old was wearing size 9 new balance, and ordered these in a 10 toddler. While maybe they are a little larger they fit well and he "Loves" them. People actually ask about them when they see him cuz there aren't many shoes that light up that are as light, and "cool" as these.Highly recommended
B002EL3KQE Favorite shoes When these light up, a puma skeleton is illuminated. Very cool. They fit well, flash well, and overall appear to be made well. These are my 3-year-old son's new favorite shoe!
B002EL3KQE Just like the picture. Our 6 year old loves these -runs a little narrow.  The puma lights up with each step which little guys enjoy!
B002EL3KQE love these shoes! Great shoes!!  My son loves the light up puma!  Very cute shoes and are wearing very nicely!!  I would recommend!
B002EL3KQE Nice Shoes! First I have to say that amazon has amazing customer service! Someone stole the original shipment of the shoes from my front porch. I called and spoke to someone from amazon and they replaced it the next day for nothing, no questions asked! So easy! My son loves the shoes too. He loves stoping around and making them light up. I highly recommend them.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe This is the second year we bought these shoes. My son loves the light up and they are stylish and comfortable
B002EL3KQE Too small for my son My son usually fits 11 in puma, but these ones didn't fit, they were too small. They look very cool.
B002EL3KQE great shoes! My 4 year old loves his new light-up shoes.  We are very happy with them.  The colors are great, they are comfortable, etc. He wears them every day.  Despite a great deal of puddle-stomping, they still work well.
B002EL3KQE ADORABLE !!! Great quality , can't go wrong buying these worth every penny ... My daughter LOVES how the puma lights up when she runs . I love the pastel colors very girly and no complaints that the gym shoes bother her that's the most important thing!! I'll definitely buy again .
B002EL3KQE PUMA Speeder Illuminescent Velcro Fashion Toddler Sneaker - Orange Shoes arrived on time and packaged properly!The shoes are lightweight which are perfect for a toddler's feet, although, the padding seems thin.The lights work as advertised (which my son loves)!!!The velcro straps are strong and does not loosen up while running (according to my son).One reviewer mentioned that the shoes are cut/made narrow...THIS IS TRUE.  My son's shoe size is 11 and I ordered a Size 12 which fits his feet perfectly!  Thank you to the reviewer!!!Another thing I'd like to mention is the back of the shoe.  At first, my son complained that it was hurting his back feet/ankle, but after a few days, he's adjusted and never complained about it.Came with a red shoe bag from Puma. Perfect for storage!Would I buy this product again? YES.Why only 4 Stars???  Nothing is perfect.
B002EL3KQE Pumas My daughter loves them and thinks she's super cool in her new pumas. Fit true to size. Colors very vibrant.
B002EL3KQE Second Pair! They're Pumas, they light up.  What more can you ask for?  Our son loves them. Good durable shoe for a toddler.
B002EL3KQE Happy boy My grandson loves them.  We did not expect the Puma skeleton to light up!  Very cool!  Would definitely recommend these.
B002EL3KQE Classy "little ones" shoes Bought these for our grandchild, and he loves them.  He is a classy little boy so other light up shoes just wouldn't work.  These are well built, light on the logo when steps.  Great fit and look.
B002EL3KQE Very Confortable Shoes! My son (5 years old) loves these shoes. They are easy to fit because their wider design. Very resistent material to be used everyday at school.
B002EL3KQE Wonderful Great product, got these for my god son and he absolutely loves them. He now wants all the other colors.
B002EL3KQE Perfect all around I got these shoes for my daughter who is very pickey about what her shoes look like but won't wear them if they're even slightly uncomfortable. Thankfully she loves these shoes and they fit her perfectly. She especially loves the attention she gets when people notice the puma skeleton light up.
B002EL3KQE Cutest Shoes for Kids Ever! My grandson is almost 3, he loves his new shows....he could not wait to put them on and loves running in them. I love the vibrant colors and the Puma lights up , he is so proud of his new shoes!
B002EL3KQE Puma Light Up Shoes My son loves the shoes and I am happy with the quality and style of them. Just a little pricey for toddler shoes.
B002EL3KQE Son is in heaven Loves his new shoes, he can run faster, jump higher, annoy me longer. They are perfect even in the dark.
B002EL3KQE 4 year old loves them - Good quality They may run a bit small.  It's hard to tell because my son's feet grow so quickly. If you take out the sole and have your kid step on it you are given a very helpful outline to show if they fit.  Very cool and a lot better than pushing down on the toe to check. If it doesn't fit, no one does returns or exchanges better than Amazon. The puma doesn't flash orange as a whole, it is a white puma skeleton inside the orange puma that flashes.  A little scary but my son loves them.  The material is soft and well made.  I definitely would recommend them.
B002EL3KQE My Son love it I bought those shoes to my son who's 6. He loved them, he wants to wear them all the time. did not know it came with lights was a surprise for my son
B002EL3KQE Super cute shoe, but made HORRIBLY! I bought these shoes for my older son (4 years old) and my younger son was very jealous and wanted his own pair.  I purchased my younger son a pair (2 years old) and it's like the manufacturing on the younger shoes is not the same.  The thread from the straps came unraveled and within one month, the straps completely broke off and are no longer functioning shoes.  I tried to return them, but it was too late.  Maybe that's on me as I did not read the return policy, but just know that the product is amazingly cute, but poorly manufactured.  My older sons illuminescent shoes are still intact and he loves them, as do his friends.  Highly recommend them for an older child, but not for a toddler.  I was very shocked that I did not have the chance to return them after both straps completely fell off.
B002EL3KQE Great! I know Puma is sizing small, so I ordered 1 size bigger and they fit perfectly. They look great and my son just loves them!
B002EL3KQE Puma's are the best! Best toddler shoes are Pumas because they are so  flexible...not sniff like the cheaper sneakers. Son has been wearing various styles since 18 months. He just turned 3 and bought him these. Loves that the pumas lighting up.Would recommend them to anyone wanting comfort for their little one.
B002EL3KQE SO adorable for a toddler My daughter LOVES these shoes. She is two and just loves how the puma lights up when she walks. They fit as expected from reading the reviews. yes a little narrow but I ordered the Wide ones and they are perfect for my daughter and easy for her to put on. Her feet adjusted quickly to this shoe and she walks and runs very in control in these shoes. love them and highly recommend them.
B002EL3KQE Only light ups we all agree on My son is very pickey when it comes to shoes. He was born in summer so he didn't wear any for awhile. Now that he is almost three it's still really hard to get him to try new ones. We found these at that mall one day and my husband loved them. Our son agreed to try them on and once we had them on we realized they were light ups. Light up shoes were one of my parent "never will my child have light up shoes". These are sooo cute though! The puma lights up and it shows the skelton of the cat. We are now ordering our second pair through Amazon. And as for the other comment about them being stiff, I don't agree I think they have plenty of give for a child over 2 years old. Trust me my son wouldn't wear them if they didn't haha!
B002EL3KQE my son loves them These shoes are great!  They do run small/ narrow I ordered 1 whole size larger than normal and they fit well.  They are easy for my 4 yr old to put on and he loves that they light up.
B002EL3KQE great, durable kid shoes All Puma kid shoes run a size small as compared to any other brands we use (converse, DCs, etnies, some target brand) but I know that and order accordingly. My son loves these shoes. We have bought them in many sizes. Sad they seem to be going away
B002EL3KQE WONDERFUL for the price My son and I absolutely loved these shoes (daddy too).  They were easy to put on, clean and lightweight.  Our son loved them because the puma lights up, so he would stomp around making them light up. Great shoes for the price.
B002EL3KQE My son loves it Super cute and My 2 year old loves the light up aspect to this product. Just order it a size bigger than normal, this shoe runs small.
B002EL3KQE My son really likes these. I've never bought Puma shoes before, but I really liked the look of these.  My 3 year old son wants to do everything for himself, so the straps on these were a must.  He wanted something that would light up and I wanted a shoe that goes with everything. These are really cute and my son is thrilled with how the puma lights up.  We both got what we wanted!
B002EL3KQE Loves em My 4 year old loves these shoes! What kid doesn't love light up shoes? He thinks they're super cool bc u see the puma's skeleton light up! I think all pumas run a little narrow, FYI. Cute shoes!
B002EL3KQE Kids love it! My son loves the shoes. Its light-up makes it really a must have thing for them. Its design is also very cool.
B002EL3KQE we love them! i ordered these last year because I wanted a light up shoe but wanted durability and I love puma for myself. I listened to the other reviews and ordered one size up and they fit him great and he absolutely loves them! since they were a bit pricey for the brand I wanted them to be strictly school shoes but it was hard to get him in any other shoe he loves them so much, but even using them as play and school shoes they have held up great! he is not easy on his shoes and clothes so that says a lot. I am now ordering him a second pair for the new school year in a darker color so they don't show as much dirt since I know he will live in these too :)
B002EL3KQE fun shoe My seven year old like them enough, and loves that they light up. That said, they're on the small side ( I had to return like 3 pairs before I got it right), and there's quite a bit of material around your foot. Nice easy bend, though, and he says they make him run fast.
B002EL3KQE I have been buying these sneakers since my son was 2 These sneakers are cute, sturdy, and a lot of fun for the little ones, since they light up.  They are easy to put on, and my son has those Fred Flintstone cheese wedge feet.  LOL  Great investment.
B002EL3KQE great sneakers I generally like puma sneakers for my son, but these illuminate are so good. My son loves them and can't stop jumping because they light then. I like how they fit his feet.
B002EL3KQE Great Product I bought these tennis shoes for my active toddler boy & they are a fantastic product! They puma even lights up when he walks which he loves.
B002EL3KQE Awesome puma shoes!!! My 5 year old boy loves them! He also lives how the puna lights up! They do run a little small just light the adult pumas.
B002EL3KQE Puma light-up shoes My son LOVES these shoes!  He is four and cries when I will not let him sleep in them!Melissa from SC
B002EL3KQE Nicer than expected, check the PIC my son loves it and it lights up :) I love pumas and this is my sons 2nd pair and I will be buying him puma shoes in the future.
B002EL3KQE Stylish, functional and fun! Great shoe! My son loves the light up puma skeleton! He's convinced the shoes make him run faster :) Ok! Smiling about the fact he doesn't argue when I ask him to put on his shoes! ThAnks Puma for being so clever! No more cheap licensed character light ups!
B002EL3KQE My 4 year old niece loves them! They glow in the dark too.  The whole puma lights up several times in white.  For some reason I thought they would light up in pink.
B002EL3KQE It's a tad small for sizing, recommended to buy 1 size up which I did, so there's still some room for growth! My son loves it! It's a tad small for sizing, recommended to buy 1 size up which I did, so there's still some room for growth! My son loves it!
B002EL3KQE 6 yr old likes .... My 6 yr old loves itColor is true as in picture. The light up was a surprise and he likes it.However its not easy to open and slip into feet.Consider getting one size large.
B002EL3KQE Sneakers that last My son is hard on his shoes BUT Pumas last the whole year!! They are worth the money! I will continue to buy Puma!
B002EL3KQE Love these neat shoes! When they light up you see the skeleton of the Puma, too cool! We think these are so neat. My son loves to run in these shoes.
B002EL3KQE She loved them! My grand daughter loves Puma and this is one of her favorites. They fit perfectly and she never got a blister even though she has worn them all day, every day since she got them.
B002EL3KQE Money will spent Very nice as it looks in the pic my son loves it and recommend for others if they had biger size I wold buy one for my self
B002EL3KQE Best sneakers EVER!! I love the sneakers SOOOOO much that after my 3 yr old son grew out of his old one I bought them again in the next size up, in 2 different colors!! They're comfortable, stylish, & last a long time even with the wear & tear of a 3 yr old boy!! My son LOVES them & constantly asks to only wear his favorite light up pumas. The sizes run a tiny bit small, especially if they have a wide foot. Great buy, I recommend them for anyone looking for great cool sneakers every single time!!
B002EL3KQE Great shoes! My two year old son just loves these sneakers! I had to exchange for a larger size, I guess they run small? But they are awesome!
B002EL3KQE My son loves, but back tab coming off after one month We have had these shoes for one month and my son wears them every day. These are expensive but we have had trouble with his shoes falling apart very quickly so thought we would try these. The style and fit are great, and the light-up Puma is really cool. However, the navy blue tab on the heel is coming off on one shoe. If the rest of the shoe holds up then not that big of a deal. We will either try to glue or just cut off that piece.
B002EL3KQE My Son's favorite My son is 19 months old and already has a preference for Puma sneakers. They are comfortable for him, with the right amount of bend on the sole and support. He loves that these light up!
B002EL3KQE Great Shoes! Love these sneakers for my 5 year old son and he loves them too! These were his shoes for his first day of Kindergarten.
B002EL3KQE Loved it! My son loves these shoes, they fit perfectly, thank God because it would be impossible for me to return them, the lights are so cool, they look like electricity running through the puma. I recommend these to everybody!
B002EL3KQE Love! Our 4 year old LOVES these shoes. I wanted him to be able to have light up shoes without them being the tacky, cheap ones you see in big box stores. My husband was skeptical, but when they arrived, our little one loved them so much he slept with them! We have only had them a week, but for now, definitely awesome!
B002EL3KQE Daughter loves these! The part that lights up is the panther on the side of the shoes.  My daughter loves these! They fit perfect and probably run slightly small.
B002EL3KQE Awesome look; bad quality Our son loves the shows, we do too. The lights quit working in less than 3 weeks. The quality is not great. They showed visible weariness in 10 days. However, those were the only lightening shoes on the US market that we were able to find that did not compromise with our taste. They are stylish and it&#8217;s pleasure to look at them. They are very light.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes The fit was perfect for my son since his feet run a little wider. This has been the only shoe that he loves wearing!
B002EL3KQE my daughter loves  them I bought these for my daughter for indoor shoes at school and she loves them. She loves how they light up on the side and although she knows how to tie her shoes she enjoys the velcro. Good fit and will buy the next size up probably soon.
B002EL3KQE Nice My son loves these shoes. We bought them awhile back and he still loves them. He is growing out of them now because he is a growing 4 yr old. But i will buy larger size because he loves them. Keep in mind that these run a little narrow/small.
B002EL3KQE good buy Very good quality 18 month old daughter loves to wear her light up shoes and its easy to keep track of her when the lights go out
B002EL3KQE son loves them These are good puma shoes.  The velcro makes it easy for my son to put on.  The puma logo on the side lights up when the foot steps down.  It doesn't light up with normal walking, just with a harder step, like running.
B002EL3KQE Adorable lil boy shoes!!! He loves them...!  He has blue and white also and those seem more flexible to him then the black...but it may just be him...anyway they are a classic shoe and are easy to put on and go!  very durable!
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes!!! I bought these for my grandson. I thought he would like them since they light up. Turns out they fit perfect and he loves them!! Not only are they a cute shoe but the way they light up is really neat cuz the Puma lights up. This was the perfect gift. A great gift for a toddler. I'm so glad I ordered them.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes My son loves them, they really are great looking everyone has complemented on them, my son is a size 12.5 or 13 I bought the size 13 it does fit just fine but I wish I had bought 13.5 since it is a little narrow at the toes. Hopefully he won't outgrow them to soon.
B002EL3KQE Awesome My son is 6, he loves his new pumas, especially the out line of the puma bones when they light up!
B002EL3KQE Nicely made These shoes are very nicely made.  It fits my tow year old son perfectly and likes it. Happy about this purchase.
B002EL3KQE Love these shoes My Grandson just loves these shoes. This is his second pair. He wouldn't give up the old ones that were too small until the new ones came.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes I bought this shoes for my 2.5 year old son. They are flexible yet stable. The light-up puma is great, and actually has an image of the puma skeleton when illuminated. The shoes go on easily and appear to be quite comfortable. My son loves to wear them.
B002EL3KQE Coolest shoes ever! Words from a 4 year old.  He loves his new Puma Light Up Sneakers and so do all of his pre-school friends.
B002EL3KQE Nice shoe for the money Bought these for my grandson. He loves the way they light up and it looks like the Puma's skeleton. Good fit too.
B002EL3KQE Very cool! My son loves these shoes! The light up is very bright and so far have been easy to keep clean.
B002EL3KQE Not what I expected My son LOVES his Pumas. They could have been made a little better and as much as he says they're fine, after 4 months of wearing them they're still extremely stiff. The lights went out after about 2 months of him wearing them to school which is kind of a big bummer and that's with him avoiding all water. They look great, but they lack quality. For the price I paid, they should've been a bit better.
B002EL3KQE Loves these shoes! We bought thses shoes for my 3 year old son and he loved them! We were sad when he grew out of them. I wish I would have purchased more in bigger sizes. Once he grew out of them, they were no longer available. They were comfortable for him, had great traction & were nice & light.
B002EL3KQE Mommy 'Got it right'... My 3 year old son loves these sneakers and I have had numerous questions about where we got them from. The initial pair I bought were too small as the shoe does run VERY small so I returned them and bought a size up and they are perfect. They have been worn every day since they arrived and I have been told 'Mommy, you got it right!' (which is a first) He loves that the cats light up and that they are so comfortable. Would highly recommend!
B002EL3KQE nice shoes I've been buying pumas for years thanks to my 13 year old sons preference for them and I knew going in that pumas run a little small compared to nike or reebok, but knowing that I adjusted and my 5 year old loved these shoes. the puma on the side lights up, he says they make him faster, and they will be good for a few months until he out grows them :)
B002EL3KQE My son loved them!! They have been a big hit around my household.  I got them for my two year old after he saw a little girl with light up shoes.  So glad puma made some stylish ones for boys (I'm not a huge fan of superhero light up shoes).  The little pumas on the sides not only light up, but it lights up as a puma skeleton which looks really neat!
B002EL3KQE My son loves them!!!!! My son loves these shoes, He wants to wear them everyday. I think they are pricey for toddler shoes. Nowadays everything is I guess, but the kid loves them.
B002EL3KQE light up My son received them today. Great and fast shipping. My son absolutely loves his new light up sneakers. As soon as he got them he put them on and doesn't want to take them off. Great purchase.
B002EL3KQE Puma My daughter loves the shoes so much she wants to wear it to bed. That's 5 stars in my book.
B002EL3KQE My Son loves them. I ordered these because I wanted my son to have a decent pair of shoes. I didn't realize they light up. Now that we have them I am so glad we made this purchase. He loves them, and they are made with great quality in mind, Thanks!
B002EL3KQE I love the lightining cat These sneakers are so cute they look better in person but the material is very hard for my son, his feet is wide & fat so the velcro only closes to half. My son is an 11 and I ordered size 13 but still kind of tight I should of got them 13 But I didnt return them.  He felt in love with them and after a few times he wore them they began to strech a little and I got him thiner socks so his feet dont't feel so uncomfy.. He loves when His cat start lighting.  He always wanted lightining shoes but I never liked them.. But these puma are nice..
B002EL3LZE Love it My son loves these shoes he says they are comfortable and fit him good.  Good for teaching him how to tie his own shoes too
B002EL3LZE Puma Turn cat shoes. MY GRAND SON loves them. It was a great Christmas present. She goes through shoes so fast. But they are the ones that are purchased at target (not to say their bad, but they are what they are. affordable) thank you!
B002EL3LZE Nice shoes I got these shoes for my 6year old son. He loves them.They are easy to get on and are made well and still look like new.
B002EL3LZE 10 year old granddaughter loves the feel of these Pumas I bought these for my 10 year old granddaughter for a Christmas present. She has an older pair that I bought for her just like these, only with the white stripe. I thought she liked them because of their looks, but she told me it was because they feel so comfortable.
B002EL3LZE Puma Shoes These are great shoes my daughter loves them.  Perfect fit, very comfortable she loves them..My daughter has a wide foot, and I was concerned that this would be to slim, however they fit greatand she is pleased.
B002EL3LZE puma tune cat sneaker daughter loves it - excellent Daughter picky with shoes. Now almost 9 yo, her favorites yet. will keep buying as she gets older. Worth the price
B002EL3LZE Perfect! My son loves these! The fit is just like all other Pumas he&#8216;s had, and the colors are fantastic! Sole is grippy, and the upper is sturdy, with plenty of non-binding support!
B002EL3LZE Puma never fails Comfortable cool looking shoe - my son won;t wear anything else. Holds up well to lots of 10 year old boy abuse.
B002EL3MCQ My grandson loves shoes! My grandson who is 2 years old loves shoes. This shoes fit him a little big but he is a growing child and it looks good with everything he wear. I love this shoe because he can put his own shoes on.
B002EL3MCQ Great Shoe, Great Price I love Puma shoes for my very active sons. These were for my 6 1/2 year old. He loves the bright color, I love the tasteful design, and we both enjoy that they are supportive well made shoes that can keep up with his running, jumping, etc.
B002EL3MCQ Second pair These shoes lasted so well and looked great, that I bought them in the next size, my son loves them too
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Easy to put on ...my son loves them they are very comfortable and good looking shoes! good buy...I want to buy more colors
B002EL3MCQ puma childrens soccer shoe my grandson absolutely loves his puma soccer shoes. The fit was perfect for him and they are very comfortable for his feet. Very pleased with the purchase
B002EL3MCQ love my son loves these shoes!!has worn them since he was 6!!Always fit and look good on him!go Puma!
B002EL3MCQ I love pumas I always buy pumas for my son. He loves them as much as I do. They are made well and fit is always true.
B002EL3MCQ Fits exactly as expected This is not the first time I've purchased this shoe.  It fits well, looks sporty, and my kid loves it.  It's nice having velcro straps because of the speed and ease for a kid to put on shoes.  Hope it becomes acceptable for adults to do the same.
B002EL3MCQ Bought for 5 year old Very cute shoe. True to size. =) They feel very well made. Some pumas I have bought in the past feel like there is nothing to them. These feel great. It shipped right away. My daughter loves them.
B002EL3MCQ Nice! Good looking and quality! My son loves it! Will buy a pair of bigger size again when my son grow up!
B002EL3MCQ my son loves them My son loves these shoes he refuses to wear anything else.  They are very comfortable.  I would recommend these shoes for the kids
B002EL3MCQ MY SON LOVES THESE.... MY SON CLAIMS THAT THESE ARE SOMEWHAT COMFY BUT A LITTLE NARROW IN THE FRONT. I LOVE THE COLORS AND STYLE.
B002EL3MCQ Awesome sneakers! My 2 year old LOVES these shoes, but even better, so do I. These are easy to get on and off, great quality, and definitely worth the money. I was skeptical spending this much on a pair of shoes he would soon grow out of, but I have been very happy with the shoes!! Worth it.
B002EL3MCQ pumas rock This is our fifth pair. My son loves them. We love the way they fit, wouldn't want any other brand.
B002EL3MCQ Cool shoes My 4 years old son loves this shoes! He has couple shoes but he always wants to wear this shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Real Tennis are nice, good quality, real color, real size, my son loves them. Delivery time was short so i feel happy with the purchase.
B002EL3MCQ Awesome looks, great fit! We got the most compliments for this toddler sneaker, compared to any of the others we've bought so far!It's very stylish, just what you'd expect from a brand like puma..even for toddler shoes!We love it's fit and my daughter loves wearing it. She used to resist wearing her older crib shoes..but she seems to love walking around in these.The velcro quality is great and keeps the shoe in place. It's strong enough that my daughter (who's 16 months old) can't pull it off.Highly recommend it.
B002EL3MCQ My son loves these! These came fast and look good on my 4 year old. He thinks because they are PUMA they help him run faster. Light weight and no shoe laces. Can't go wrong with PUMA. Your baby will be happy and you will be the cool mom:-)
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoes with funky shoe box/bag Bought this for my seven year old and he loves them.  They offer great grip indoors.  Soft supple leather and fairly wide, which is good for my son.
B002EL3MCQ BEST DEAL EVER!!!!! My 6 years old boy LOVES this shoes, and so do I, and since he says "there are so comfy" I bought my self a pair, and he is right, sooo comfy. Thanks Amazon for having such of great deals.
B002HUI36E Fit's very nicely My son loves his pants.  They are very comfortable and stylish.  They fit just right.  I would purchase these again.
B002I9YQLA love it bought this for my daughter she loves it its so soft and comfortable i just wish i got one in my size lol
B002KAOLGC Great looking shoe Bought for my boyfriend. He loves them. Love the style and there very comfortable to wear as well.Would buy in other colors as well.
B002KAOLGC My bro loves these.... I bought these shoes for my lil brother and he says that he feels so cool with them on... Not to mention that they're comfortable.
B002KAOLGC love them nice looking shoes. i bought them for my teenage son as birthday gift . he loves them and they fit perfectly.
B002KAOLGC Son's second pair We bought this style last year in white for my son and he absolutely loves it. He used it throughout the school year and it still looks great.
B002KAOLGC My Husband's New Favorite Shoes I got these for my husband for Christmas. HE LOVES THEM! They form to his feet, they are light weight for the design and they go with any outfit. I might have to get him more in different colors :)
B002KAOLGC Great looking shoes My son loves these shoes! Quality, look and comfort are excellent. Can wear casually or for more dressy/ sporty events.
B002KAOLGC Just what I expected... My husband loves them and thinks they fit great. They are just as described and come in a slightly funny box for those who care and plan to give these as a gift (which I did).
B002KAOLGC Puma shoes I bought these for my husband and he loves them very nice shoe and arrived fast, reasonable price as well
B002KAOLGC Teenage These are purchased for my teenage son.  He really loves the Puma brand and really likes these shoes.  Thanks again
B002KAOLGC hubby loves them My husband was really pleased by the price! He loves the look & fit. Best part is it can be casual dressy.
B002NKM94A My sister loves it I bought this for the 20 y/o sister as a Xmas gift, she rides the bus to/from work. She was very happy.
B002ODEYE4 Very happy! My son loves his jacket! Excellent quality and comfortable...We had bought the matching pants at the store but the jacket was not available in his size; so we were happy to find its exact counterpart.
B002ODEYE4 Grandson Loves It My grandson loves this jacket.  He's 8 and uses it for golf, it's soft, and fits in his golf bag. I may have to get a 2nd one, as he wants to wear it all the time.
B002ODEYE4 9 year old loves this warm up jacket Can't get our boy to take this jacket off. He loves that it's full zip, matches everything and can be worn to school in Spring and onto the soccer field.
B002Q9XHCQ loves it baught on line because a lot of stores do not carry a lot of Puma and this jacket fit the bill
B002RFXETK Shoe Review I bought these for my boyfriend because his old ones broke.  He LOVES them and says they are very comfortable! I think he received about 3 days after I ordered them too.
B002RFXH06 Son LOVES these shoes! My 13 year old son has wanted these since he tried them on at a Puma booth at a soccer tournament. Because if his growing, the regular price was a bit much to pay. Found them for a great price on Amazon. These shoes are great for him, he used to have to wear arch supports to alleviate Achilles tendinitis but with the heel design and cup, he no longer needs the bulk in his shoe. The shoe is true to size. If they last him through Fall and the upcoming Spring season I will be happy!
B002XNIUFO cool shoes My 10 year old son loves these shoes.  Puma's are the only brand that he will wear.  He normally wears a size 2 and I ordered the 2 1/2.  They fit great and are actually a little big.  They are comfortable and easy to slip on and off.  I would order this style again and would recommend them to anyone!
B00303GSC8 Great shoes I bought a pair of size 6 for my 14 month old son. He has quite big feet for his age, and they fit perfectly. They look great, they're easy to get on and off, and my son happily walks and runs around in them
B00303GXWI super comfy, easy to get on, stylish shoes Bought these for my 2 year old son.  He loves them and I love them.  Finally a velcro shoe, that doesn't look like a velcro shoe!!  They are very nice looking and very comfy.  Also when they get dirty if I wipe with a wet paper towel, they come clean right away.  Love it!!!
B0031O0ESK My GF LOVES it! bought it as a gift for my girl.she loves it. the only downside is that for all white stuffs, it might turn yellowish in the future.I will perhaps monitor and update again on the time it will take for this watch to have a change of colour.
B0036B8UY8 Perfect!!! I ordered these for my daughter and she loves them! She doesnt even like wearing sneakers but she wears these. Shipping was very fast too!! Great seller no issues!!!
B0037KMMMY Perfect fit. I got these to replace my husband's old pair of generic sneakers.  Although they don't provide optimal arch support, he loves the style and color.  Thank you amazon for having the best price for these shoes, and in the perfect color!
B003BNY8W4 My sister just loves it! She's had it for a year and has no complaints. I even got the black and white one version of this for her this Christmas! Can't wait for her to get her new one this year.
B003EE48UM My wife love it! The color is perfect...and The size too.... They are confortable! My wife wear it everyday! She really loves these shoes!
B003EE6F6C Son loves them! Comfy and fast! is how he described them. The shoes seem to have a great sole and are well made.
B003EE6F6C Great Sneakers Great Sneakers, my kid loves them and says that he has the same snakers as dad. im thinking about buying the same model in the next size.
B003EE7XGS back to school this is a great shoes it is genuine puma that was one of my concerns buying this there are so many knock off these days son loves it
B003EE7XGS Great Shoes! My son is 22 months and VERY active.  He loves these shoes he wants to keep them on all the time. They are flexible and fit great.  They are SOOOOO easy to wipe clean, with even a baby wipe. I would definitely reccomend these shoes to anyone.
B003EE9MQM love these Pumas! These sneakers are so lightweight, the first thing I noticed. My daughter loves them, we got a great deal on them too. They're so comfy too, the "most comfortable shoes in my entire life" so she says.
B003EE9O4W Great shoes for nice weather These sneaks are great for warmer weather. They are thin, light, and good for the little feet to be active. My 5 yo loves to wear them, because he thinks they are very comfortable! He carries them to school to exchange with the snow boots this while winter.
B003EE9O4W great shoe My son loves these shoes! They're comfortable and seem to be holding up well. He's six, active, and hard on his shoes.
B003EE9O4W Great shoes These shoes are great. Love how sturdy they are and the colors are nice too. My son loves them too.
B003EE9O4W Four Stars light shoes my son loves that he can put them on himself
B003EE9O4W Son loves these! My 3 year old son loved his first pair (that ended up getting lost) so much that I bought him a second pair. He seems to think they are super comfortable and make him run fast. This is coming from a boy that previously only wanted to wear crocs. Would highly recommend this shoe!
B003EE9O4W My son loves them Bought these for my 8-year-old son and he absolutely loves them. They fit just right, look GREAT and he says they are comfortable. Hopefully they will stand the test of time, as my son is pretty hard on shoes!  For $19.49, I am thrilled with my purchase!!!
B003EE9O4W Love these!!! My 2 year old LOVES these sneakers :-)  The dark shadow color is awesome and he seems to be very comfortable in them.  Good fit and sturdy shoe.
B003EE9O4W Great shoes! Got these for my 2 year old. She loves to run but if a shoe is too "chunky" she trips a lot. These are perfect, not too wide, heavy, or "chunky".
B003EE9O4W Cool shoes! Super cool shoes for our 3 year old. They are very easy to get on and off. I'm hoping he will start putting them on himself soon. He loves them! They do get dirty rather quickly, but I imagine an occasional run through the washing machine and air dry overnight will do the trick.
B003EE9O4W Very Cute Shoe My 4 year old son loves these shoes - they are a very bright blue and are easy for him to get on and off. They do run small so order up a size if you want growing room.
B003EE9O4W Tons of compliments My 3 year old loves these shoes and so does everyone else.  :)  Easy to get on and he love to run in them.
B003EE9O4W Great everyday toddler shoe My 3yo son wears these almost every day for 6+ hours at preschool. This particular color works with a lot of his outfits and fits well. Easy to get on/off for us in our hectic schedules. It does fit a bit snug compared to the suede Puma sneakers we bought. Still, I would buy these again for when my son grows out of this one.
B003EE9O4W My 3 year old loves these! My son usually hates getting new shoes but he liked these the moment he took a step in them.  They seem to be comfortable for him and they're very durable, easy to clean.
B003EE9O4W Puma for yourh They are an awesome shoe. My son put them on and would probably go to sleep with them on. Great fit and easy for my son to put on himself.
B003EE9O4W Great shoes My daughter is 2.5 years and loves these shoes.  The fit was perfect. The green is very vibrant and easy to put on due to Velcro
B003EE9O4W Great comfortable shoe I bought these for my son. I liked the mesh it's durable and my son wont ruin them too fast. Shoes look great, and my son likes it.
B003EE9O4W Fashionable and functional My two year old loves these. They are cute and she is proud of herself bc she can basically put them on herself! Great buy.
B003EE9O4W great shoes My son loves these.  Brightly colored and fit his feet perfect. He plays tennis and soccer in them. And runs as well, all for fun. They do well for him, fit well and are holding up well.
B003EE9O4W nice but the suede parts get worn looking really fast My son loves these shoes and says they are comfy.  However the suede part is really nasty looking after only a few months of light wear.  Wouldn't buy again.
B003EE9O4W My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves her new shoes! They fit perfect and are just like the picture. I would recommend these shoes for children who love to play!
B003EE9P14 The Wife Loves These I purchased these a while back from amazon for the wife and she absolutely loves them. From what she has told me they are very comfortable and form to your feet which is great for running. A Must buy.
B003EEBFI0 Great! Purchased for my son, who loves them. Attractive shoe, however, it is somewhat narrow. Perfect for my son's slender feet, but potential buyers should bear that in mind. Will buy again. Excellent price!
B003EEBGQQ Great shoe! My husband was looking for an new pair of Puma's to replace his old ones.  These aren't exactly like his other ones, but very close and he loves them.  He wears them all the time, very comfortable and can be worn as tennis shoes or with a little dressier outfit (polo, nice jeans).
B003EEBGQQ My son loves the shoes The shoes were ordered for my son, who can be picky.  He loves them.  They arrived sooner than estimated.  Great value.
B003EEBGQQ Great basic everyday shoe. Bought these for my 14 year old son. He loves Pumas and wears these every day. They are comfortable, look good and a great  all around sneaker.
B003EED8VM Five star service! Great, fast shipping- even from across the country! They are a perfect fit for my boyfriend and he loves them-- and I loved the price ;)Thank you! Def recommend!
B003EEH7NM So flippin' cute! I got these shoes for my son and am totally pleased. They fit true to size, are comfortable for him and look adorable. He loves them and didn't want to take them off! Both of us are stoked about these. Definitely recommend.
B003EEH7NM Great product The colors are bright and look really good! Fit perfectly! My four year old daughter loves them! Velcros easily and stays on.
B003EEH7NM so happy with this purchase my son loves his sneakers. they are a perfect fit. very comfortable. will definitely purchase again. very happy with purchase.
B003EEH7NM Loved these shoes for my son Shoes are a great fit, look cute and go with all kinds and colors of outfits. My 5 year old son loves them!
B003EEH7NM Happy with purchase My daughter loves the color and the sneakers seem durable. They seem durable so far but she just startedwearing them.
B003EEH7NM My 4 yr old son loves them! Perfect shoes for active toddler!Easy for him to put them on by himself.He loves that he can wear PUMA shoes just like his dad & mom :)These are the 2nd pairs he owns and will buy them again!
B003EEH7NM Great Shoes! My son loves the shoes. The color is very bright and the quality is just great! I will buy this type of shoes again.
B003EEH7NM Very Cool, but Disappointed It is hard to find some of the cooler, color combos (say that 3 times fast!) in kids' shoes, so when I found these for my son, it was a no brainer. However, 6 months of typical active 5-yr. old wear, they are looking ragged (even more than his older Reebok Zigtechs). These shoes got wet, the color faded a bit and they have not looked good since. The velcro strap is thinning from the simple act of adhering the velcro...(isn't that its job?) My son still like them because he can put them on by himself, but I am over them. My son has a pair of lace-up Puma suede sneakers that seem more durable. Bottom line: Super cool, but not your everyday kicks. Best for stylish outings where you want your kids' shoes to be cooler than your friend's kids.
B003EEH7NM Nephew loves them Purchased for my nephew, and he loves them. He's very rough so the black will withstand. The Velcro is also helpful!
B003EEH7NM Brings me back to when I was a kid Purchased these for my 5 year old son. He is still learning to tie his shoes. Couldnt be happier. He loves them and they are easy to get on and off. True to size. Velcro is strong. Excellent choice. He is pretty rough on shoes, so i'll keep track on how they hold up.
B003FZGOC0 A Surprise for My Wife & She Loves Them Big hug from the wife when I bought her these Pumas. She's got a particularly specific 'look' she likes to achieve, over a broad range of styles, (if that makes any sense). Got them in blk/wht/ceramic green. They're stylish, comfortable and almost weightless. All in all, she loves these sneakers & wears them often and I got 48 hrs of gratitude :0 and 3 or 4 heart/headache-free days ;), not bad for $65.
B003FZJWW4 Love these shoes fit perfect for my son. This shoe is great material has help up and my son loves them. Great quality and the color is good.
B003FZJWW4 Husband LOVES them..BUT YES...THEY RUN SMALL!! I should've went with my gut and got the 10.... my husband is a 9 or 9.5 so I thought getting a size 10(based on reviews) might be pushing it. I should've listened to the reviews!!! otherwise these are REALLY nice! He loves them, especially with spring/summer approaching. material and shipping was great!
B003FZJWW4 Great This was a gift for my girls dad.  It showed up fast and looked great.  My girls dad loves them
B003FZKU5W Great shoes!! Bought these for my 6 year old son. He loves them. He said they are very comfortable & they also look great with anything!!
B003GQ1M70 My Two Year Old Son Loves Them! He wanted to try them on so bad and then he didn't want to take them off! The straps are perfect for any size feet! And they are so cute on and will go with any outfit! =)My son loves shoes as much as his Mommy! ;-)
B003LY4MNI Great price and my son loves them! My son runs track pretty seriously. He loves these shoes! He was even able to afford to pay for them himself because of the great price. They are stylish and comfortable as well. They look even better in person.
B003LY4OSQ Great shoes Bought for my 13yr old son. He loves them. They are gorgeous shoes. Well made and TRUE to size. I wouldn't hesitate to order again.
B003LY4XLY Great price, fit and quality My son has a large size 13 foot, but often cleats run different in size and he still has trouble finding them to fit. I ordered these on a last hope because locally he couldn't find anything. These were only 37 dollars which is an unbelievable good price, and they arrived in 2 days. To our delight and surprise they fit him perfectly and he loves them!
B003MAJWCW Very Light Purchased as a gift for my daughter who has long narrow feet and she loves them! Very light weight and comfortable. She loves them!
B003MAJWCW My wife loves them I purchased these for my wife and she loves them.  Wears them quite a bit and they have held up very well.  She loves the style and says they are very comfortable.
B003MAJWCW great fit daughter loves them This is the second pair that my daughter has. She totaly loves the way they fit and how light they are.
B003MAJWCW A little big but I loves them The shoes are a little to big but I love them an I don't want to send them back for a smaller pair
B003S9VJU0 cool cleats My son ordered these for himself- using my account wasn't that nice of me:)He loves the fit, which is tough when you wear a size13 and they look cool. He has gotten lots of comments on his "Cool cleats"
B003TTSBK0 My son loved it I got this for my grown son at Easter and he loves it.  Very comfortable and the fit is perfect.
B003UBTQJW Quick transaction, as promised, grandaughter loves her shoes. These shoes are very cute, soft yet supportive for babies just learning to stand.  They are easy to put on, not easily kicked off.  My granddaughter loves them.
B003UBTR8M Puma kids sneakers My son loves these shoes. I usually buy him Skechers, but decided to buy him something different, plus I loved the way they looked. My son is old enough to tell me what fits and what doesn't and I had no complaints from him. He is able to put these shoes on himself due to the velcro strap, which is nice for me. These shoes are definitely pretty cool and a good buy. They are made very well and lasted him for quite a while, in fact, he is still wearing them and I bought them in December. They are not as white as they used to be, but still in very good condition.
B003UBTTRQ Soccer cleats The cleats are stylish and my son loves the colors our team. Odors are dark blue and look great with these cleats
B003Z6PYCU Great Buy My daughter loves this hoodie!  Wash/wears very well and after 2 dozen or so washes, it has not faded!  Great purchase!
B003ZJCEXO FABULOUS PUMA JACKET I BOUGHT TWO (2) OF THESE PUMA JACKETS - THEY ARE FABULOUS - I AM NOW GOING TO BUY A THIRD - MY SON LOVED HIS AND MY HUSBAND LOVED HIS !!!!  THANK YOU AMAZON  I bought a blue jacket x-large for my son and thought it might be too big so I bought the Forest Night in Large - which my husband kept.  NOW - my son wants the Forest Green in his size. THANK YOU AMAZON
B003ZJCEXO True to Size Track Jacet Bought this for my husband who is a HUGE Puma fan.  He even wore Pumas at our wedding.  He loves this jacket and he even has the shoes to match.  Now he wants to get other colors so he can be a bright billboard this summer.
B003ZJCEXO Goes perfect with the pants I bought! My fianc&eacute; loves his Pumas track suits.  I bought the pants earlier this year but could not find a matching jacket.  All of a sudden, I saw it on the suggestions!  Thanks!
B003ZJCEXO My husband loves it My husband wanted one of these jackets for a while now and I was contemplating if I should by one for him as he lives in the Caribbean so I decided to get him one for Father's Day he loves it.
B003ZW2FJO Love these Sweats I bought these for my husband recently as he never buys any sweat pants. He loves the fit and size, they are very true to size and look great. He loves the new zippered pockets and they fit lose but still comfy.
B003ZW2FJO loves it Baught the  pants  to go with the jacket for son inlaw for Christmas and he loves both.He wanted Puma and a lot of stores do not carry Puma so ordered it on line and they are both great.
B003ZZ1CY0 Bought if for my son There are very few trendy but quality watches out there for youth.  This one is masculine looking and my son loves it for cross country (it is women's so smaller than the HUGE men's watches out there).  Highly recommended!
B003ZZ3E46 Awesome! I ordered this for my son who plays soccer. He loves it and will not take it off! It is water proof, sturdy, and attractive. It came in the mail promptly!
B003ZZ3GGW Nice look I bought this for my sister as it is unisex and she is kind of tomboyish. She loves this and complements her style.The product came is great package and is brand new.
B0040GJTZC Awesome Quality! I bought this hoodie last year for my boyfriend. He loves it because it is just the right thickness and looks exactly like it did when he got it even though it is a year later!
B00416BUXA Kimi shoes My 4 year old son loves F1& to be specific Kimi Raikkonen the Ferrari driver. He calls these pair his Kimi shoes.Because of the Ferrari sigh on the side.He says they make him run faster, I am not sure, they don't fit my size.In short, I love the shoes. But you have to be careful with the white leather. My son already scratched his in theFront. I recommend them.
B00416BUXA Very cute and comfy Very good looking with a quality of Puma! My son loves them. It is perfect for the school gym as it has no laces.
B00416BV4S Great quality and looks. Bought it for my 10 months old God son.He loves it, I love it, the parents love it.Great quality and the colors combination are amazing.Great service from Amazon!Thnx!
B00416BW10 Great Shoes My son and I had been looking all over for these shoes and could  not find them.  Of course, you can always find any item on Amazon and it was there.  Didn't have to waste time and gas trying to travel around to fine them.  My son loves these shoes!!!
B0041RREX4 Wonderful, warm coat My son loves his accessories of all types, so when he's excited to wear a coat, then I know it's a good one.  It's quite warm, and great for those cold winter months.  The quality has also stood up to being washed and dried quite frequently, as is a must with a 4 year old boy wearing it outside in the pacific northwest in the mud all winter long.  The inside is lined with super soft fleecy material.  My only criticism is that the hood stands fairly tall off the shoulders, and leaves space between the top of my son's head and the top of the hood.  He loves to wear the hood though too, so it doesn't bother him any at all.
B0041RRF2E awesome jacket! We got this jacket for my son's friend for his birthday.  His mom said he will hardly ever take it off.  He loves it!  It looked like a well made, durable jacket when we got it.  I ordered one for my son as well.
B00426BUX4 Great backpack. I got this for my son because his other backpack somehow broke a few months into the school year. I decided to get a name brand one instead hoping the quality would be much better and it definitely is! This backpack is well made, nice looking and he loves it. I've always liked Puma for shoes, athletic apparel etc. so I am very pleased that the backpacks are just as great!
B0042AN4C0 Awesome price! I bought this for my husband!!! he loves them! at the store they are about 100 bucks so i saved around 40 buying them here! love them
B00486TJ1S great fitting sox My son loves these socks and the quality was exactly what I was looking for.  No slippage in the shoe!
B00486TJ90 Very soft, nice quality sock These fit my size 1 shoe'd 6 year old boy very nicely.  They are so stretchy, they would likely fit my oldest son's size 6 shoe'd feet as well.  They are very soft, moderately thick (padded on the bottom and the ankle), and my son loves the colors.  He's a big fan of puma's in general, so they were certainly a hit gift for his birthday.
B004A6RVUW Great gift Bought this for my 17yr old son who wears a Medium in shirts. I bought a large in the jacket and it fits over his clothes perfectly. He loves it! His friends love it too!
B004C05KNG My son loves them Nice sneakers.  Well made & lasted a long time.  Bummed that size 14 is no longer available.  His are starting to wear out and he wanted the same pair.
B004DKQY0I seems to be just right ordered it for my son, he wears a 14 and shoes can be hard to find. He says they are great, and of course I love Prime delivery!
B004DKQY0I Great shoes. My daughter loves them. Cool looking. These are great shoes. The little Jamaica flag on the back of the green and yellow ones are a bonus, since Jamaicans are among the fastest sprinters.
B004DKQY0I Great shoes! My son had these shoes previously and they do run somewhat large so we knew what size to order. He loves these shoes for track.
B004DUM3EE Excellent quality I bought these for my 5 year old son who loves Puma shorts. They fit great and he wants to wear them all the time.
B004GB0RZM great My son Runs Track in HS and he loves the shoes they are very lightweight and he has increased his times and actually increased in height of the pole vaulting
B004GB0WFC Enjoyed! Purchased for gift for daughter in law and she loved them. She loves to run and these were and are used almost daily.
B004GB1242 Hubby approved! I bought these for my husband for Christmas. (He desperately needed non running shoes sneakers). He loves them and say&#8217;s they are very comfortable!
B004GB1242 Give 'em what they want J C loves his shoes!  He says they are like walking on air!  The huge selection of colors is great.  He selected his school colors.
B004GB1242 My guy loves them! I gave these as a gift and was told that they are very comfortable and slipper-like.They look cool and sexy as hell, too!
B004GB1242 My hubby loves it- very comfy and stylish These shoes are very comfy and stylish. We like this brand as a general rule and this style wears well over the months for walking.
B004GB1242 Great shoe! I purchased these for my boyfriend he loves puma's but he has a hard time finding them in wide enough widths. The Whirlwind is the best fitting puma we've found yet.
B004GB1242 Puma whirlwind tennis shoes I'd got them for my husband as a surprise and he absolutely loves them!! He really likes the way they look and fit
B004GB1CXI great product I bought these for my husband, he loves the Puma brand and these fit right in, true to size, and comfortable.
B004GB1N7S Great Yoga top Looked at several different tank tops for a gift for my daughter, to use in her Yoga workouts. She loves this one. I bought it in a small and it fits her perfect (34B). She says it very comfy too.
B004GEATZ2 great shoes My 3year old daughter loves theses shoes, as well as I do. The shoe fit as expected so order the size you child isin now.
B004GEATZ2 Love Pumas We buy all Puma shoes for our little boy, so they fit just as expected.  They are of good quality and our little boy loves the red, white and blue-vibrant colors.
B004GEATZ2 it is ok bought it for my son , do not dress because my son feet size is 2 , so still put in the drawer ,  it is ok, but looks like fake , very thin.
B004GEAW8G A hit! My daughter got these for her 8th birthday.  She loves them and the fit was good.  She's not a lover of pink so these fit the bill for her!
B004GEAXRQ My son loves it. Bought this for my 8 years old.My son loves it. That is all.I like the detail of this shoe. Sharp.
B004GEAXRQ Great shoes! I bought these shoes when my son was about 5 years old. He wore them for an entire year. They are not only adorable but so also functional. They are soft and look great with almost everything! I plan on ordering them again in a bigger size for him.
B004GEAXY4 My son loves them Great shoe, already have a pair but my son has outgrown them and only wants these ones so I have to order them since I can't find them in the stores around here.  Super easy for him to put on and take off.
B004GEAYQQ Cool Shoes I bought them to wear to school but the puma lights up/flashes when walking so can't use them for school.  Still they're great looking shoes.  My 4-yr old son loves them that he won't take them off!
B004GEB0IW PUMA My son loves his new puma's; they arrived in a very timely manner and have lasted over 4 months on an active 6 year old (very durable).
B004IETKWS I'm a major "Cool Point Recipient" These were for my son.  He says the fit is great.  They are comfortable and he loves the bold color which gives him a litte individuality on the field.  They have held up well thus far.
B004J4X4Z6 Great Cleats with good price My son loves those due to comfort and style. Price was nice. As usual for puma cleats we go with .5 higher in terms of size. so think .5 higher what you are going to order otherwise excellent cleats.
B004J4XMM6 Great looking sneakers bought this for my gf as a gift and she loves them. Looks very well made, she's had them for over a year and they are still in great shape.
B004J4XMM6 My mom loves these shoes! These shoes were for my mom....she has been wearing these for years.....she has heel spurs and they are very comfy for her!
B004J4XMM6 WIfe loves them My wife wears the heck out of these shoes in the spring and summer.  Can't say enough for making a wife happy.  ;-)
B004J4XNNO casual/sporty My loves these shoes. They are sporty and casual at the same time. She also loves the comfort. She has had simular shoes by Sketchers and she likes these a little better. I think they look better.
B004J4XNNO A gift I Got it as a gift for my wife, she loves it comfy and stylish. It's as perfect as expected.
B004J4XNNO Great shoes My daughter loves these shoes. They are well made, stylish and comfortable. The price is not very competitive with other online stores or the manufacturer, but happy still the same. Happy kid, happy customer.
B004J4XNNO A perfect gift I purchased these slippers for my daughter as a gift. She had picked them out and posted them to her wish list, When they arrived she hoped the fit would be right. Its not always easy to tell if a shoe will be too wide or floppy on the heel. But that was not the case, She told me that she LOVES these shoes and the fit cold not have been better.
B004JF5R1Y Very pretty Arrived on time and in it's original box and my daughter loves them - they are very pretty in person and fits her very wel
B004JF5R1Y FaBuLoUs purchased these for my 8 year old for Christmas...she loves them!  Very stylish and good quality! Not to mention that the sizing chart worked out great and we have had numerous comments when wearing them out and about.
B004JF5R1Y My two year old niece... I bought these in black for my two year old niece. SHE LOVES THEM! She dances and runs. They are by far her favorite!!!! Good and sturdy!
B004JF5R1Y Puma's for my picky girls My daughter is 3 yrs old and picky. I am so happy that she loves these sneakers, they look great.
B004JF5WMI Great  soccer cleats! Fit was true to size - My daughter pulled them out of the box and was off to the soccer field !  No problems, no breaking in.  She loves them!
B004K00GLE Grandson loves them! I bought these for my grandson who is using them in ultimate frisbee!  He loves them!  The fit is great and so far, so is the wear and tear!
B004K00GLE Track shoes Proud to have made purchase of this item.  My 14 yr old loves it and without complaints as to fit and comfort.  Thanks you!
B004K02OC8 Great I bought this shoe for my friend since she plays lacrosse. She loves it and wears it every time she has camp.
B004KP726G Great Shoes I purchased these for my teenage son. He loves the way they look, and they seem to be of very good quality.  He's had them for almost a year, and they still look great.
B004KT6OQG Lovely shoes He looks great with his new shoes and he loves it a lot.He looks great with his new shoes and he loves it a lot.
B004S08HE4 Love this pants They are soft, light, comfortable and look really cool, my son loves them and I think I am getting another few.
B004S08HE4 Great fit Purchased these for my step son.  He loves them and the fit was spot on for him.  It has held up to many washings and rough housing and still look good.
B004S08HE4 Arrived on time and was just what I was looking for! Very easy for my disabled son to pull on and off by himself.  He loves them Arrived on time and was just what I was looking for! Very easy for my disabled son to pull on and off by himself.  He loves them.
B004S08HE4 son loves them! great pants, comfy and fit as expected.  They are a little thin in the material so perfect for late summer
B004S08HMG Wears them all the time My son put them on almost immediately. He loves them and they are definitely his go to shorts while sofa surfing
B004S08HMG Puma Rules - Son says My son like Puma clothing.  He wears these practically everyday if I let him.  No problem with materials.  So I suggest they are a great buy.
B004S6WF64 Cute Soccer cleat for a 3 year old beginning to playsoccer I bought this mainly due to the fact it was one of the few soccer cleats available in toddler shoe sizes for my son.  I am very happy with them.  The shoes are well made and will last through my son's first season of soccer.  They are easy to put on and don't fall off of his feet while running (velcro closure is secure).  The bottom of the cleat is not too 'spikey' as I say so safer for a younger player in my opinion.  My son would not take them off the day the package arrived.
B004SGQ1F0 good shoes, bad laces My daughter loves they shoes and for the most part they are holding up well.  The only problem is that after a few months the laces just snapped.  I got some new laces and they are even cuter now, so all's well that ends well :)
B004SGQ1F0 Nice sneakers My daughter was so happy when they arrived - she loves them. They look pretty and cool! Very solid and everything allright so far!
B004SH1Y10 Comfortable sweatpants with a good fit! My son loves these sweat pants! He says they are very comfortable. They fit well with a comfortable waistband and soft material. He is quite picky and will only wear these puma sweats! My only complaint us that they snag easily due to the mesh material, thus the 4 star rating.
B004SUANZU great shoe These were a gift for my son.  He loves these shoes, couldn't be happier. They arrived just as they appeared.  no surprises.
B004SUANZU Happy wife Bought them for my wife, we both play Futsal, got tiered of watching her slide all over the place. She loves those shoes. They provide good traction and fit right.
B004SUANZU Great shoe! My son loves these Puma's.  This is his 4th pair.  He loves the style and the colors offered. This one was a great price too.
B004SYIOPW Seriously, they don't show. My hubby loves these no shows. I bought 3 more packs after he asked for more.  He actually good willed all his other brands.
B004V7I0AK KIDS PUMA shirt A great quality shirt that fit my 6 year old son perfect, no issues here.I would recommmed any PUMA prodcut
B004W44916 Perfect Golf Shirt This shirt was a gift for my fussy twenty year old golf obsessed son. He loves it. It could be rolled up in a ball and come out wrinkle free. He loves it. The size is perfect and the color just as stated! VIBRANT! It arrived as predicted and the mesh is nice and cool. He has the vibrant orange pants and puma vibrant orange cap, so this shirt completed the set. AS I said HE LOVES IT! The color would also look nice with black, khaki, navy blue and of course white. Thanks for a great product
B004WLEF6S great product great price These were exactly as advertised and my son loves them. He has a large shoe size (14), so I am glad these shoes fit him comfortably.
B004XD0P46 Love the color! This watch has a beautiful color to it! I bought it as a Christmas give for my sister who is in the medical fiel and she absolutely loves it! The color is a very pretty, bright blue. It is not dull!
B004XD0PQY Very nice watch ! My wife loves it ! Gift for my wife for our 5th wedding anniversary ! She loves it ! Good quality ! Tough ! Waterproof ! I thinking buying one for me ;)
B004XD0VRM Puma women watch This is the second I buy because my daughter loves it. She does everything wit it, run, swim etc. it is un destructible
B004XD0VRM great buy got the watch for my girl over a year ago. she loves it and wears it often, and to this day gets compliments on it. everything works well and the silicone material seems very durable.
B004XD0WEE Works Great I bought this for my boyfriend on huis birthday since he loves working out. He uses this when he's lifting and running and it works perfectly.
B004XD1022 the best christmas gift I ever bought my boyfriend I bought this for my boyfriends Christmas gifts he loves it still to this day he still wearing it and still has it
B004Z0G6QS My daughter LOVES them. She trains agility dogs and is on her feet running all day long. She loves the fit, quality and look of this shoe.  Will purchase again.
B004ZIP4U4 Gort's Girl loves, Loves, LOVES her new shoes Bought these shoes for my girlfriend. She has difficulty with properly fitting shoes since several foot surgeries for an injury suffered from intensive gymnastics training. The constant swelling as well as built up scar tissue, repeat incision sites, etc has made it difficult to find a shoe that suits her needs. Overall, it is a great comfort and offers good support with great fitting.
B004ZIP5GW Good deal I bought these for my 19 year old son and he loves them. They look cool and are great quality.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes my son was impressed I ordered these for my son for Christmas he loves them he did tell me he usually wears a 12 we got them in a 13 because they run smaller great product!!
B004ZIP5GW I love it Sneakers arrived quickly. Ordered them fior my daughter for Track. She loves the color and say they are comfortable. Everyone has complimented her on them. Would recommend these sneakers.
B004ZIP5GW Bought for my son Bought as track shoes for my son.  He loves them and says they fit great.  He likes that you don't have to bother with the tongue sliding down
B004ZIPGOS He loves them! I got these for my husband who found them.  He already had a pair that he loved.  He is very happy with them.
B004ZIT63U Great sneakers for PE class. My daughter loves these sneakers. She didn't see the picture on line to know the color I thought they were going to be, are not the color of the actual shoe. Online, they looked like a pale pink, they actually are a bright pink. She loves them.
B004ZIT63U My son just loved it! Great shoes, my son just loved it and ask me to buy another one  but diferente color. So I will &#128077;
B004ZIT63U Excellent quality Worn by my 9 year old son who goes through shoes like Grant went through Richmond! Very sturdy, washes well. Highly recommended!
B004ZIT63U Fabulous!! I bought these to surprise my 8 year old, he absolutely LOVES them and they fit perfectly for a growing kid!!
B004ZIT63U awesome shoes my daughter loves blue and our last name is Puma - these shoes were a perfect match for her.  she loves them!  they fit well and they're made well.  Puma's run about a size bigger, she's usually a 2, but we got the 3 because we know.  they fit great, and she's worn them every day since they arrived.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes My son loves these shoes.  They fit him great, they are cool looking, and he swears he can fun faster because of them!:)
B004ZIT63U Very beautiful sneakers! They are very beautiful and very cheerful looking. (We don't want our daughter always wear pink!) Love them particularly they have roomy entrance for my daughter's slightly wide feet. She loves them!
B004ZIT63U Our son loved them We bought them according to his size and they are perfect.  A great price for the quality and a Christmas present that is loved.
B004ZIT63U Great Shoe My 4yo son loves these shoes. I bought them for him to play tball in and he wants to wear them every day. He's got a lot of compliments on them too. The red isn't as bold as the picture makes it. They're a nice color.
B004ZIT63U very cool PUMA never fails. My loves the pair and I think they are cool. True to size fit, too :) Happy
B004ZIT63U Awesome! These shoes are AWESOME! We got the blue ones & they are colorful and my 8 yr. old son LOVES them! Beware, they run pretty small. He was wearing a 4 1/2 in Vans but I had to order him a 5 1/2 in the Puma's. I'd say allow yourself at least 1/2 to 1 size bigger than you normally wear.
B004ZIT63U A great shoe! My 4 year old daughter loves these shoes.  They do fit a bit smaller than expected, but that is not a big deal.  They have held up well to the every day wear and seem to be quite comfortable for her.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes! My son insisted on these sneakers because of the color. I was hesitant because of the price, but they are very high quality, fit well, and he absolutely loves them.
B004ZIT63U Great kids' shoe! My son loves these shoes!  I love all the fun colors they come in, but we had to go with black to comply with school dress code.  They do run a bit small (about a half size).  I think that has been the case with every pair of pumas we've purchased for my son. A bit pricey for kids' shoes, but extremely well constructed.
B004ZIT63U Most worn shoes My DD loves these sneakers! They are sleek and light. She got them in teal and pink, which I thought would be a terrible choice, but they actually look very nice. She wears them to school almost every day. I would say they do run about 1/2 size too small.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe and price My son loves them! They fit great and are a good price. Many different colors to choose from. We usually only buy puma for our son.
B004ZIT63U Son loves them. Nice color and fit.  My son wears them every day.  He has received a few compliments on them.  I would buy them again.
B004ZIT63U My son loves these Really nice fit but on the smaller side which is from what I understand, typical for Puma.  Really a good look
B004ZIT63U LOVE THESE SHOES I ordered these for my daughter to wear for playing indoor soccer. She loves them and they are a nice fit! Would order them again for sure! All the other girls on her team like them!
B004ZIT63U Love these! They for my daughter great, she loves them and wears them all the time. The color was also very bright and they're easy to wipe off dirt when she gets them dirty
B004ZIT63U Love the Bright Red Color! My 10-year-old son loves these shoes. He's very active, and the shoes have held up well. He says they're very comfortable, and he absolutely loves the bright red color! I would definitely purchase these again.
B004ZIT63U Loved shoes but too small My son loves this shoes but they run small.... He wears a 3.5 and I ended up ordering a 4.5
B004ZIT63U Great shoes My son loves puma a And these shoes are perfect for him. The fit is great and the color is awesome!
B004ZIT63U Kids love them Bought for my 11 year old daughter .......she simply loves them.  She has wide feet they fit her and Puma stand up better then some of the other brands.
B004ZIT63U Puma I loved the shoes. And most importantly my son did as well. He loves his new pumas. Great gift indeed
B004ZITHZC Daughter Loves Them! Awesome shoe...we are big fans of Puma and can always find a cool shoe on Amazon.com at a great price. My five year old daughter loves them, especially the colors!
B004ZITHZC PUMA are the best My daughter loves PUMA.  They fit excellent and the fact we don't have to worry about loose shoe strings is even better.
B004ZITHZC Great Great shoes, my grandson loves them and they are really good shoes that are comfortable and easy to put on.
B004ZITHZC Awesome Pumas Bought these shoes for my grandson....he loves Puma.  While your website had a large variety the color we wanted wasn't available in his size.
B004ZITHZC My daughter loves them! My 8 year old daughter picked these out and she loves them! Very comforable and easy for her to get on herself without fussing with laces. We've had them a few months and they've held up great!
B004ZITHZC Can't stop wearing them My son loves them, can't stop wearing them so they must be comfortable. He loves the colours and thinks he can run faster than anyone else. ;-)
B004ZITHZC Love Pumas These shoes are so cute and my son loves them. Fit tightly so I would order a half size bigger I'm glad I did
B004ZITHZC These are very good running shoes My 8 year old daughter loves to run in these shoes.  They have great color choices as well.  They look and feel like they will hold up for the long run!
B004ZITHZC Poor quality I purchased these for my five year old son, and they had holes in both toes within a few weeks.  The leather and cloth pulled away from eachother completely.  Not what you'd expect from $50 shoes.
B004ZITHZC Great shoe for active boys My 7 year old loves these shoes.  They are easy to put on, but don't look like little kid shoes.  They came as described on time.
B004ZITHZC Very pleased My little girl loves her new shoes. They are just a little big but it always best to be to big then to little.
B004ZITHZC Nice design I just bought these Puma for my boy. They seem like showed in Amazon, My son loves them because of the comfort and the design.
B004ZITHZC Awesome shoes! These shoes are amazing! Beautiful colors! I bought the pink and teal ones and its the only shoes my 8 year old will wear now...she absolutely loves them! Great buy!
B004ZITHZC great shoes my daughter really loves these shoes and they look really great on. Light weight and seem to fit with the correct sizing. Very fast shipping and packing was solid
B004ZITHZC Good shoe A bit pricey for kids shoes but they fit my 4 year old great and he loves them. I did love the fit guide on the inner lining of the shoe.
B004ZITHZC Great Great product. My son loves the color. These are perfect for his out door activities. Would recommend to any one.
B004ZITHZC Beautiful!! Perfect fit and my 4 year old son love it! He doesn't want to take it off. He thinks it makes him run faster then all his friend. :-)
B004ZITHZC Awesome My Son loves them and they look great on him.  He has received plenty of compliments.  I would highly recommend!!
B004ZITHZC Perfect shoes My oldest son loves his shoes. It was hard for me to train him wearing shoes, because he would always take them off. But not these ones.
B004ZITHZC Daughter loves them! My daughter is extremely happy with the shoes and she is also able to fasten them all on her own.
B004ZITHZC She loves  them! Very nice shoes, daughter loves them and has been running in them from opening the box! She says they are very comfortable.
B004ZITHZC Love those sneakers! Quality of sneakers is excellent, I love them and my son loves them too!  Excellent support for feet and easy to tie for little kid (my son is 4 y old).  Will buy them again in bigger size for next year...
B004ZITHZC Amazing I had bought my son some Fila's in this size and they were way too small. I wear Puma's and so does my daughter. Since I had just bought the Fila's and paid a ton of money that I couldn't get back (I bought them online several months before Christmas and lost the receipt), I could not really afford to pay a lot for shoes again, but of course my son needed shoes. I found these Puma's on here and I was a little weary because they were used. But for the price I decided to give them a try. I could not have been happier than if they were brand new. They were in great condition and fit my son perfectly. I bought these the beginning of January, it is now the beginning of June and they are still in amazing shape and my son wears them every day!
B004ZITHZC Highly recommend. Excellent shoe highly recommended,Looks perfect and my little kid loves them.It fit perfect as I expected, I'll buy them again!!!
B004ZITHZC Great product!! I like the color combinations and variety. My 7 yr old loves his new shoes!! I bought new shoes (different color combinations) for my 4 yr old twins as well and they loved them too!!
B004ZITHZC My son loves it! My son really loves it.  It's very light weight and easy to put on. It just runs a little smaller than other sneakers. I thought he would have some extra room, but I'm afraid he is going to grow it out soon. To make it worth, he is happily using it everyday!
B004ZITHZC Cool shoe, not designed for kids chubby feet These are really nice shoes, my 4-year old son thought they were really cool!  Unfortunately they are just not designed for kids.  Most kids, including my son, still have a little bit of chubby feet and have a difficult time squeezing into these shoes.  Every time my son wore them, he complained that they hurt.  I wish they made these in wider sizes to fit the majority of kids.  Frustrated I bought these for the cool factor, and not for the practical factor.
B004ZITHZC My son loves them ! It's all that matters My son picked the color and loves the way they feel, he says they make him run very fast.....! Awesome
B004ZITHZC "Fast Shoes" These are wonderful sneakers for a little girl.  My little one loves them and they fit securely and true.  Good Buy.
B004ZITHZC My son loved Great material and color!! My son really liked the style.I just think they are a bit tight where the velcro closes.
B004ZITHZC Awesome!! These shoes are perfect for my son.  They have wonderful support and he says they are so comfortable.  Definitely worth the money!!
B004ZITHZC nice My son LOVES his shoes.  Fits good and is holding up well after a few months.  He goes through shoes like he goes through food :)
B004ZITHZC Good choice! Very nice, excellent quality. Liked them a lot. Son loves them. Does not need to be laced - big plus!
B004ZITHZC Cool Shoes My son loves them!!!!! I was so happy to see him so excited . They look great just as I wanted them
B004ZITHZC Love them! My son loves his pumas. They fit great (my son says he runs faster!) look stylish (makes this fashionista mom happy), and are easy on and off.
B004ZITHZC Puma Voltaic 3 My 5 year old loves them! They are stylish, comfortable, and easy to put on or take off without the hassle of shoes strings. Works great for children who haven't gotten tying their shoes down packed yet. My son wants more just in different colors!
B004ZITHZC perfect my son loves his new shoes! fits as we expected and they're comfortable for him to run and play in.
B004ZITHZC My son loves them! I have been buying this brand for the past 2 yrs for my 4 year old son and he just loves them. They are comfortable and light. They run a size smaller, but that's not a problem once you figure it out. Great quality. If boy is happy, momma is happy : )
B004ZITHZC Sweet Shoes! I ordered these for my daughter.  They seemed a bit larger than the state size, but that's not a terrible thing.  They look awesome and she loves them.  Great sneakers!
B004ZITHZC Great shoes! Exactly as described! Ordered for our grandson and he is thrilled. Would order again. Fit well, easy on and off for a three year old
B004ZITHZC My child loves these shoes! I purchased these for my 4 year old daughter and she absolutely loves them.  They are the first thing she puts on in the morning and the last thing she takes off at night.  I purchased a different color scheme for her younger sister also and everyone compliments the shoes.  I think the shoes are pricey but they are well made and look great.
B004ZITHZC My son loves them They are just as shown in the picture. We bought these to replace Sketchers and they did an excellent job. I would recommend this shoe.
B004ZITHZC Love the velcro I bought these for my child's PE class. They do a lot of running & according to my 6 year old these shows made him fast. He loves the Velcro he isn't the best at tying his shoes & he would get a late start runningnalsrbyearsue to laces so he loves the Velcro.
B004ZITJJQ Puma shoes My 5 year old son loves these shoes. As always, I order a size up. He wears a 12 and I ordered a 13. The 13 fits just fine.
B004ZITU86 Teenage son loves them.  Gets lots of compliments! Used for casual wear in middle school.  Live in Florida, so they work all year long!  Wish they still made the slip-in style in this color.  They were really cool.
B004ZITU86 Very comfortable Fits perfect on my son.  He loves his new shoes and he can even run around in them without any problems. It's light on his feet. I will start sticking with buy these for my boys.
B004ZIVGH4 mom loves em Got them for my mom. She loves them because they are so lightweight and let her feet breathe.I got another style of the same shoe for my wife and she loves hers too
B004ZIWJL6 My son loves these! Ordered these off of Amazon because they are cheaper than purchasing at Journeys. I was a little worried at first but I received them and they are perfect. My 7 year old son loves them and they can be dressed up or down, they'll look great with just about anything. They just slip on so they're great for him when we're in a rush (we usually are). Pumas are also incredibly comfortable when he's walking all day. He wore these to Kennywood amusement park one day and the Pittsburgh zoo the next day. He didn't complain once which he usually does if he's wearing converse or his beloved Osiris shoes. All in all, these are great shoes at a great price! I am very pleased and would definitely recommend!!
B004ZIXPOQ Great shoes and quick shipping! Ordered these for my daughter and she loves them! Shipping was quick for us to receive them and no problems with product. Fits well and happy with item.
B0050U20TY Very light! Great shoes, very nice, and specially lightweight. My girl loves them and says they're comfortable as well . Recommended. !
B0050U20U8 great sneakers these sneakers are on the thin side (material and in width). very lightweight and super nice. my kid loves them! i love them! wish they made them in adult size ;)
B0050U20U8 Sparkly fun These shoes fit true to size, Puma has a great fit right liner tool inside their shoes for kids.The colour is much better in person. My 2 1/2 year old loves them!
B0050U7C8I My son likes these This is the 2nd pair of Puma's (in red) that I've purchased for 7 y/o son.  He wears them more than any other shoe.  Stylish and good-looking.  Would recommend.
B0050U7C8I Daughter loves the shoes!! My daughter loves her new Puma's. The color and fit were perfect. She wants another pair in a different color.
B0050U7C8I Love them My daughter loves these shoes. They fit great and look great with jeans or leggings. She also says they make her run faster..lol. ;)
B0050U7Z26 Hot Feet These sneakers are beautiful and classy. My son loves them. They last and are very good quality. It is so hard to find PUMAS where I live in Rhode Island. Everyone seems to wear Jordans and other goofy bourgeois sneakers. My son truly stands out with these classically elegant pieces.
B0050UGDJC My Son Loves it My Little Boy loves this pair as the little lion blinks when he walk and jump,just hope this pair of shoes can be more affordable, it is pretty expensive as price wise
B0050UGDJC these are the cutest kicks on the playground!! when my 18 month old girl is running around the playground every other kid watches her little puma.she is a hit at the park!these are adorable and fit well. she loves them.
B00517MAKK small than usual I totally bought 3 pairs of these shoes, trying to give them as presents to my son and my son's friends. But they are not the normal size as the descprition. It is so compliacted to return them back. I have to give them to others.It is not a happy experience.
B00517MAKK For son My son loves anything Puma.  This brand seems to be a perfect fit every time, even for little fat feet ;)
B00517MAKK My son loves them! My son says he loves them cause it is soo comfy (his word) ! Has an awesome soft cushion in them. He really loves it so much that he actually sleeps in it
B00517N9DW These fit the bill! My son is in preschool and needed hook and loop shoes because he doesn't know how to tie yet.  These were to adorable and he loves them. He can put them on and off by himself so he feels like a "big boy". Thanks Grandma!
B00517RW8K Awesome Puma cleats My 9 year old son loves these cleats except for the white flap that covers the tied laces. It was a little difficult for him to keep the flap back when he was tying the laces, minor problem. They look great and are strong and durable. Stay away from the cheap Walmart cleats, spend a little more and you get a cleat that looks better and lasts alot longer.
B00517RW8K puma soccer cleats they are a smug fit, so I recommend that you get at least a half size up.  My son loves it and couldnt wait to fit.  He is now very happy going to soccer training
B00517T9UO Excellent I ordered these for my son, he loves the color and quality.  He said they are so light and perfect for strikers.  Love them!!!
B00517UT62 Great cleat and comfortable My son wore these all summer for soccer practice and they still look new.  The clean well, fit perfect and worked awesome on the wet field.  I think they run true to size or they did for my son. My son says they were very comfortable to run and kick in. Can't beat them for the price.
B00517UT62 great! my son loves them, they are very comfortable , breath well.shipping was crazy fast! I placed the order a night before and only 12 - 15 hours later it was delivered ( Boston - MA)
B0051DTPIY PUMA KIDS LINEAR TRACK JACKET, GREEN, XL Bought this for my son and he LOVES it!!! He loves it enough so that i don't have to nag him to wear a jacket, and that deserves 5 stars, in my book!  The quality is good.  I want one for myself :)
B0051MQZRE My son loves these My son loves these warm ups, they are great for around the house or for his soccer practice. The fit was correct and he wears these all the time because they are very comfortable, his words not mine.
B0051TJ6ZK excellent my six years old son loves his new puma sneakers, they are great easy to put in and out and the quality of puma is excellent and looks very nicely with jeans
B0051TJH2W This shoe is perfect for racing This shoe is perfect for racing. My 5 year old son loves to use it when we run together. He says I'll put the Puma with it because I run a lot.
B0051UPV5I my son loves it my son picked this out for Christmas.  He loves it and wears it often. He lives in Arizona so it is heavy enough for winters there Ha!
B005257P74 My son loved it. My son loved it. It's looking good, fits well, does not shrink in laundry. I liked it on my son. Good looking normal shirt :)
B0053VMRR0 thank you Thank you! my boyfriend loves this shirt, feels soft too! and it look really good on him as well lol
B0054D25JM great shoes Bought it for my son who's been playing soccer for 9 years.  He says they are very comfortable, he loves the color.
B005544T94 As ordered. Great deal. Son loves them. Look and fit fantastic. No problems with any aspect of order. Would do again without .
B005544T94 My son loves these shoes. I bought these for my 15 yo son and he likes them a lot.  They fit him well and he gets comments on them all the time.  He is quite happy to have them.
B005544T94 My 71 yr old mom loves her shoes My mother is 71 years old and works out 3-4 days per week at the gym.  She wanted some new workout shoes for Christmas. She wanted a bright colorful shoe and I found these.  SHE LOVES them!  She said they are sooooo comfortable and she gets so many complainments when she wears them.
B005552422 great pick I Love the shoes, quality, color, and fit, I am very happy with my selection and everyone loves and compliments as well.
B005552422 thanks dad Fits as expected my son loves them. he was expecting Allstars but he loves the Pumas instead.goes well with almost everything. Nice and confortable
B0055DXVEE Light weight and super comfy I bought these capri sports shorts for my husband and he loves them. The fabric is so lightweight that he went swimming in them. I would definitely get him more of these.
B00569FWJ4 Comfy My wife loves these shoes, they are light, comfortable and supportive. They are great for warm days or long trips and walking around town, she says her feet feel great after wearing them all day and they breathe well.
B00569G3FG Puma present My daughter received these shoes as a Christmas Present.  She LOVES them!!  I was concerned with the size - and had her measure her foot per the site.  They FIT perfectly!!  She says they do not pinch and are very comfy.
B0057DPSQG Husband loves them My husband says these are a Great fit and super comfy.  The only (non) issue was that the Puma logo came off.  Other than that, great boxers!
B0057DPSQG Puma Men's 3 Pack Had these for months now (bought for son).  They are good quality and are lasting. My son said they are very comfortable and he's really glad he broke free from "tighty whitey".
B0057DPSQG PUMA PUTS PRIDE IN PRESENTATION THIS PRODUCT IS WELL MADE & FITS TRUE TO SIZE.  COMFORTABLE TO WEAR & WASHES WELL. BASIC COLORS FOR MEN.  AND MY SON LOVES THEM!
B0057DPSQG Great! He loves them! Very comfy! Will buy these again!! They also arrived a lot quicker than expected, and were a little longer than picture looks but he liked them like that
B0057DPSQG Excellent Seller My husband LOVES these!  They fit perfectly and he loves boxers over briefs but is picky on the way they fit.  These are just right and we will definitely be purchasing more in the future.  Thanks again and I would highly recommend.
B0057DPSQG My son loves them. Bought these as a stocking stuffer for my son for Christmas.  They are his new favorite underwear.Received them quickly with no problems.  quality product.
B0058XE0GY Nice shoe My son loves puma and these were no exception. Size was accurate. He really liked the navy to wear with jeans.
B0058XEE88 Puma Track Shoes My daughter loves these for middle school track. SO much cheaper to purchase online. The spikes are great and she has done well in these shoes. Great purchase.
B0058XEE88 My son loved them...Yes my son. Bought them for my son because I couldn't find men track shoes in the correct size so he asked can he get them and I thought well they all look weird anyway so why not...Don't usually by women shoes for men but they look the same just had to get a bigger size. Fit him great and he made it to state in them...
B0058XEE88 Great Shoes.....she loves them! My daughter finished first in the 100 & 200 yard dash, almost beating the school record in her first meet of the year. Enough said!
B0058XEE88 Great shoes Fits perfectly. Easy to change cleats. Bought for daughter and she loves them. I would recommend for track and field events.
B0058XF1V2 Great sneakers Bought these sneakers for my 15 year old son, he absolutely loved them. They very stylish an comfortable. I highly recommend them.
B0058XF1V2 Purchased for my son My son hates shopping, I purchased these for him. He loves them. They were a little large; however, he is constantly growing.
B0058XF1V2 Bought as a gift I was worried this might not fit because I bought it as a Christmas gift and then read reviews that it might run small. Fortunately it fit the recipient perfectly (I purchased his actual size) and he loves them. They look very stylish.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes He loves these to ride his bike or just be comfy... very sleek, and fit well. I like them too.
B0058XF60I My son LOVES his shoes! My son put these on as soon as I bought them and went running in them.  He said they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever had.  Always grateful to find shoes in size 15 and to have them be a huge hit is even better!
B0058XF6Q2 Fit and fast I bought these for my son in lieu of fencing shoes because I figured the sleek look and flat sole would work just as well at a lower cost and I was right! He loves the look, the fit, and how fast he is while wearing them.
B0058XF6Q2 Hard to find shoes for my picky kid who hates anything with a sole. My son is impossible to shop for, apparently these shoes are out of style because we can't find them anywhere else. Thank you Amazon for allowing me to finally throw away the nearly two year old sneakers of my teenage son.Received them quickly, he says they are comfortable from day 1.Soles were a little hard, but he thinks they will soften up.
B0058XF6Q2 Wao I bought this shoes for a friend and he loves it, very good quality, very fast delivery and they just fixed right. He loves it and i do too.
B0058XFAJU Nice Shoes I bought these for my teenage son. He loves them, they fit great and are very comfortable. Very good value.
B0058XFAOK GREAT PRICE !!!!!!!!  TEEN SON LOVES THEM !!!!!!!!!! He's gotten a lot of compliments on them. I brought them for his comfort.Shoelace FREE !!!!!!  Hip colors too!
B0058XFP4A Great Shoes I bought these for my husband. He loves them! They are comfortable enough for all day wear. An upgrade from Puma Cell which I got him last time.
B0058XFP86 Son loves these shoes Young teen loves these shoes.  Ordered third pair.  Wears every day and still look good at six months.  Am replacing every 7-8 months.
B0058XFP86 Awesome! Purchased these shoes for my 12 year old. He loves them. Says they are extremely comfortable. They are super unique looking too. Puma did a great job with these.
B0058XFP86 Came Apart Bought these shoes for my son, he loves them. They are very good looking. However, after only a month and a half. The seams are coming loose and the rubber on the front of the shoe at end of toe area has become a large loose rubber flap.My son has 2 pair shoes, one for school and one for play. These shoes are his school shoes. And don't take the abuse his play do.I am extremely dissapointed with how they are wearing, the lack of quality.I paid over seventy dollars for them. Makes me question the brand Puma
B0058XFP86 Great shoes These are great shoes my son loves them they are so comfortable and sturdy shoes he got them for his birthday
B0058XFP86 Tres cool. My son loves these sneaks.  They're great because they're incredibly lightweight and comfortable, and since he's often too lazy to tie his laces (he's 11) they're easy to take on and off.  They fit true to size, too.
B0058XFP86 EXCELENT My boyfriend loves this shoes and he always use them. They are comfortable and beautiful! They also arrived earlier than expected!
B0058XFP86 Handsome shoe! Our son loves it; no laces! Chose this shoe for our younger son who hates dealing with laces. If this product wears well, will consider another pair?
B0058XFP86 writing titles is the hardest part of a review My son loves these.  When a pair get too small, he wants the same thing to replace them.  They hold up well; we just replace them because he needs a larger size.
B0058XGDWS LOVE IT! Would surely recommend this shoe to other. My 15 yr old son loves them and thinks they look pretty cool. True to size...A great buy and great price. Thanks Amazon
B0058XGI5A Very good I got these for my husband he likes them a lot he just said that they are really thin. But he loves them.
B0058XGI5A Happy Husband These were a b'day present for my husband. He wore his other Puma's out! He loves these! And the price was better than I could find anywhere else. They squeaked when he walked for a few months, but he didn't care.
B0058XGI5A I love it This was a gift for my husband birthday and he loves it. Puma is his favorites brand.Iwill in future and I would recommend other people to buy it.
B0058XGI5A Great shoes Puma shoes are always a perfect fit for my son. He wears them to play disc golf and loves them.
B0058XGLKC My 24 year old son loves them. This is a good-looking pair of shoes.  This is the second time my son has asked for these.  Even the girlfriend approves.
B0058XH4SA everyone loves these shoes! Very comfy and light.  Have worn them to run a few times but mostly for casual wear.  LOVE THE ORANGE!
B0058XH5D4 These are awesome! They are true to size. My daughter loves them . They look better in person,the colors are very bright! I'm glad I took the chance.
B0058XH5D4 my wife loves 'em i purchased these as a gift for my wife and she was nothing but happy with them. she says they are very comfortable and the sizing is consistent with other puma's she has. i have no problem recommending these.
B0058XH5D4 positive I actually bought these for my daughter,she absolutely loves them!!!She says they are really comfortable and every one asks where she got them!
B0058XH5D4 Bought for wife Bought these shoes as a surprise for my wife's birthday. She loves them! They breathe well but still keep her feet warm on colder days. She says they are extremely comfortable and she wears them everywhere!
B0058XH5D4 Purchased for wife and she loves them Purchased these for my wife and she loves them, she goes running a few times a week and runs several miles. She has not had any complaints about them at all.
B0058XH5D4 Daughters shoe My teenage daughter loves the feel of Puma's.  She says they are very comfortable, and is keeeping up with her Mom while running.
B0058XH5D4 Perfect Wife loves them and the color. These where cheaper here then going to the puma site. Go figure. size chart is spot on
B0058XH5D4 Colorful Bought these for my college-age daughter who loves them. Earlier reviews stated that they run a little small; my daughter who normally wears an 11 found that a 12 fit perfectly.
B0058XH5PM Great Gift I send this puma shoes as a gift for mu brother in law, he had had some previous problems in the past with sizing in other brands but this was a perfect fit, comfortable and good looking, he just loves them.
B0058XH5PM Very comfortable I bought this pair for my teenage son. He loves them. He says they fit like a glove and are very comfortable.
B0058XH5PM 2nd pair for my 28-year-old son He's a pro trainer and just loves these for lifting and conditioning workouts.  Great value, great look, great functionality.  PUMA makes a very reliable shoe.
B0058XHEBM hubby loves These run a little narrow but once you break them in they are wonderful.  Very sharp looking shoe my husband loves them!
B0058XHEBM GREAT My son loved them, I will be purchasing from this site in the future. Not just for my son but for my daughters as well.
B0058XHEBM Very Happy My son ordered these and I was skeptical that they would be a good fit, but everything was as described and he loves these shoes.
B0058XHEBM perfect gift Bought these for my father and he loves the fit of the shoe. He's gonna be seventy this year and wants to get moving.lol
B0058XHLSI Very comfortable shoes! My 10-year old loves them and use them every day.She loves the Puma classic style and love the price.I definitely recommend this shoes for every day walking.
B0058XIVRS My mom loves it. Perfect fit My mom loves it. Perfect fit  She is in love with these shoes. Comfortable, nice, fast deliver. I recommended. Very Nice
B005931X2C they're great They must be pretty comfortable because my wife is still wearing them. She loves the way she can run like Flo Joe!!
B00593G7L4 Ducati tshirt These run a little small. Even though my son is very fit I had to send the shirt back and reorder the next size up.  This company was great to work with and there was no extra charge for reshipping.  He loves the shirt.
B00593WGKU Great stylish shoes! My son is a big fan of the color orange and loves these shoes. The updated version of these shoes includes a higher toe guard on the front which helps for active toddlers who often will drag their toes. This was a great change from previous versions.
B00593Z8QO Love It We couldnt' find these Puma's in my daughter's size at all in the stores.  She loves them and they're holding up well.  Great purchase.
B00594DGMQ cool shoes! my son found these here on amazon and asked for them for christmas.  he loves them!  they are good looking, a nice change from a plain white sneaker.  he says they are very comfortable and true to size.  he is a drummer and they are great for drumming!
B00594DGMQ Nick's shoes I bought this shoe for my son who is very fashion conscious.  He really loves them and wears them all the time.  I wished they had more support and tread to them, particularly as he wears them all day at school.  Also I wish they came with instructions on how to clean them.
B00594EBKC love it I bought this keds for my daughter and she loves it. It fit her perfectly and looks real nice on her feet. (mine too)
B00599E1GQ My son loves them! I purchased these for my son, at his insistence and he was delighted when they arrived.  He's only had them for a short time now, however they fit great and so far so good.
B0059BIXTU Great shoe He loves Puma. These shoes are perfect for dressing up a man that refuses to dress up ever! It works for me:)
B005ADOAJE my wife loves it i bought it for my wife and she loves it! original product, highly recommended. simple sport watch, but very clear and pretty.
B005ADOCQK Great Buy I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday and he totally loves and cherishes it! I don't regret making this purchase since I love puma products! Even came with a warranty. How sweet!
B005ADOCV0 My wife love it I bought it for my wife, and she loves it. It is so pretty and the price was reasonable. Thanks.
B005ADODZK Wife loves it! I bought this for my wife because she had to monitor her heart beat while jogging.  It is accurate and she loves it.  The strap on the chest should be moist so it could read right!
B005B2H1FE Wife loved the colors But she mentioned they run a little small and hurt her the first few wears.  Now its broken in and loves it.
B005CAYLM6 Great shoes, great price, fast delivery! These shoes are for my 16 year old son and he loves them. You know that's good when a kid that age likes anything!
B005CB59N0 HUSBAND LOVED IT! I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE LOVES THEM. HE HAS WIDE FEET SO CLEATS DON'T USUALLY LAST HIM BUT THESE HAVE WITH STOOD THE PLAYING FIELD! I WOULD RECOMMEND THESE 1000%
B005CK4QE4 Awesome sneaker Very comfy. My son loves them. Great color and price. My husband who is not a puma fan bought the same pair. True to size
B005CK4QE4 Great sneakers Very comfortable. My son is very happy with them. He loves the Puma brand. I would buy this again for my boys.
B005CK4QE4 Love them I bought these for my daughter 2 start school with she loves them color is great easy for her to get on and off which was a issue for her!
B005CK4QE4 Great purchase! I bought these Pumas for my son with laces and I was constantly telling him to tie his laces! I loved the way they looked on him, so I tried these with velcro.  He got them for Christmas and he loves them (almost as much as his mom). I bought a half a size bigger than his size and they fit great. He doesn't complain of discomfort at all.  The leather is soft but the sneaker is sturdy.  I will definitely purchase again.
B005CK7W3Q Awesome shoes! My daughter loves them and they fit great!  Too adorable!  Colors are wonderful, bright and cheerful!  Lights are amazing and leave my daughter hopping, skipping and jumping!  Great product!  I highly reccomend.
B005CKB0WA Great little shoes! My daughter loves the look and I love the fit.  She says they are comfortable and they are easy for her to get on and off.  Great buy!
B005CKB0WA Great Shoes My daughter loves these shoes! They fit great and have a lot of grip on the bottom. We will probably order the next size up when she outgrows these.
B005CKB0WA soccer shoes my son absolutely loves these shoes - these are his second pair of the exact same shoe. they are not as sturdy as other sneakers though and the material gets soft after a while which i feel effects the way the shoe holds his foot in place. also the sole is very thin
B005CKB0WA Happy 4 year old I got this for my son who is very active and so far the shoe is holding up.  I love the color and the look.
B005CKB0WA Puma whirlwind shoes My grandson loves his green puma's.  He claims he is able to run faster than anyone when he is wearing them.  I can only assume they are comfortable because he keeps them on all day and wants them back on again when he wakes up.  They are cushiony, have a soft flexible sole and he can put them on by himself.  he is 4 years old.
B005CKB0WA Great lightweight easy shoe My four year old loves these. Can put on himself ad calls the his "fast" shoes. They don't wear as well as leather but the nylon is comfy and light.  On our second psi in a row.
B005CKB0WA Seahawks colors Son picked them by colors. He really likes them and is really active at 4 years old. He says they are comfortable as well.
B005CKB0WA Very Nice My son loves these shoes.  He calls them his super fast running shoes.  Only advice I would give is they run a little small so get the next size up.
B005CKB0WA This is our 2nd pair These Pumas are so lightweight and easy to put on/take off. We wore the other pair to pieces and this is the replacement in a new color. My 4 year old son loves them! They are also very easy to wash and dry quickly.
B005CKB0WA Comfy shoes My son loves them, they are comfy and easy for him to put on when we are rushing to school.
B005CKB0WA Bought for Step-son and he can put them on himself because if he Velcro and the style of the shoe is fantastic. In love with these shoes!
B005CKB0WA Awesome shoe! My son loves green and only wanted green shoes!  These were perfect.  They fit well( buy them slightly bigger), easy to get on/off, and are just a cool shoe.  Love them as does he.  Can't say how they hOld up as we've only had them a week.  He wears them daily soDon't expect them to last too long anyway.
B005CKB0WA baby loves em These are lightweight and comfy to play in. Easy care, easy on and off. Perfect for a toddler. My son loves these ever since I bought them for him previously in a smaller size in the red color. The red ones are my fave, but the blue also matches a lot of little boy outfits with the navy and the other brighter blue (the red ones weren't available in the bigger size when I ordered). My kid has a lot of J's which are what he usually wears, but he often prefers these Pumas. I'm assuming that a big factor is the material because these shoes breathe a lot better than the others and are more flexible.
B005CKB0WA Great lightweight shoe for my 4 year old I love Puma's for my girls, especially the velcro fasteners. These shoes deliver. My daughter loves them and wants to wear them everyday. They were a little more lightweight than I expected but they are still well made and even though it is winter in Australia, they are still great to wear outside on those colder days.
B005CKB0WA Adorable and comfy purple pumas They are adorable on my 28 month old. If you have an active little girl who loves the color purple, they are perfect!
B005CKB0WA Cute Shoe and Doesn't Hold Sand! My son is currently almost a size 11.5 but a 12 seems to have room for his foot to grow into. I read that it ran a bit small so I didn't get him the 11.5 but instead got the 12 and that was a great choice for me. Nice shoe and looks really good on him. PLUS it doesn't hold sand like other shoes do since my son loves rolling in it. It still will stick to his foot but once he stomps his feet on the rug it comes off well and it's gone by the time I get to the car.
B005CKB0WA My Son Loves These Shoes I have been buying this sneakers for several years now.  We have found that they run about 1 full size small.  My son loves these for the ease of putting them on himself, but also because they are so lite it feels like he is not wearing shoes.  Great shoes for young children....wish velcro would continue on in larger sizes.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe My son loves these. He has had them for 6 months now and apart for being dirty they are still perfect. My son wears these to pre-school everyday.
B005CKB0WA Cute shoes! My son loves these shoes. The velcro is very sticky and the colors are so bright. We love them and would order them again.
B005CKB0WA very comfortable and easy to put on I bought these for my 4 year old and he loves them! These are his favorite pair and easy to put on.
B005CKB0WA Excellent purchase Excellent purchase, I got exactly what I wanted, received it on time, look great and fit as expected, my son loves them.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes I bought these for my 3 year old. He is very picky when it comes to shoes. He loves these because he can get them on & off by himself and they are very lightweight. He usually wears a 10.5 but read reviews & ordered a 11.5. They fit him great with a little room to grow.
B005CKB0WA Adorable and my daughter loves them! My almost-three-year-old can be very picky about her clothing, but she LOVES these shoes!  She wants to wear them every day.  They are very lightweight and look comfortable.  Her foot is on the narrow side and these fit her well.  Love the velcro - easy to get on and off.  We've had them only for a month or so but they barely look worn and are holding up well with almost everyday wear. I will be buying these in the next size up when she outgrows them!
B005CKB0WA perfect fit for my grandson Bought these for my grandson. They fit perfectly and he loves them. I will continue buying for him since he loves them so much.
B005CKB0WA Five year old loves them Great fit, sturdy shoe.  These shoes are perfect for kids. My five year old loves them and I would buy them again.
B005CKB0WA awesome value for these PUMAS The shoe fit as expected.  Save money by buying them on Amazon and my little girls loves them. I'm sure they are comfortable.
B005CKB0WA LOVE these shoes for my 5 year old I bought these for my five year old and he LOVES them! They are easy for him to put on, comfortable and seem to be holding up great. We bought last years model for my older son and they are still in good condition after daily wear for a year... so worth the price!
B005CKB0WA My son loves them! Arrived on schedule, fits exactly as they did when we tried them on at the store.  Price was less!  My son loves them!
B005CKB0WA perfect perfect for my son school........no lacesthese are the best,and they match with most of his clothes.....he loves them,,,,,very comfy
B005CKB0WA Therapy I purchased this shoes for my 7 year old son to wear during his physical therapy sessions.  The grips and the flexibilityon these shoes are perfect for him
B005CKB0WA Great shoes My toddler loves them. The white gets dirty easily though. I wouldn't recommend them for kids to play outdoors much.
B005CKB0WA great shoe my son loves these shoes.. the velcro works well and fit is snug. I hope these last at least a year
B005CKB0WA Best shoes My daughter loves them! She is a very picky girl. I always struggle trying to put shoes on! These are our 2nd pair!
B005CKB0WA Good shoes These shoes are soft and comfy and my daughter loves them. Perfect fit. The only thing I didn't realise from the photo is how light they are... definitely more suited for Spring / Summer, not winter.I'd definitely buy them again.
B005CKDW76 Great Shoe for 2 year old son. My 2 year old son loves his new shoes.  After reading reviews I knew the shoe fit a little small, so I ordered the next size up.  It was easy to get on and looks great. I would definitely recommend.
B005CKDW76 great shoes My Son loves these shoes and they are easy on with no laces to tie!  Could not be happier with these shoes.
B005CKDW76 To my next son I bought it thinking in my two year old son. But, my mistake, it does not fit. It looks very fine and we will keep it for our next son.
B005CKHBP0 great seller and product my son loves this sneaker i will buy him another one but different color i am sure your son will love it too.
B005CKHBP0 Very durable shoes It is well made. So far my son wears for 2 years off the school. It is easy to put on.
B005CKHBP0 great shoes!! Awesome shoes, fit perfect, my son loves thwm and wears them everyday.  Will keep on buying this style of shoes as long as they are available
B005CKHBP0 Good shoe My son loves these shoes. They are great for toddlers learning to walk. Not too thick to keep his foot from moving, definitely not flimsy. Perfect design, I love the vibrant colors on them. I did have to go up a size because they run small, but other than that, they're great.
B005CKHBP0 Very stylish, elegant and comfortable, my 6/7 year old loves them Very stylish, elegant and comfortable, my 6/7 year old loves them, hoping the'll last as long as her previous Puma's
B005CKJWW0 Cute shoes Ordered these shoes for our 3 year old son.  He absolutley loves them and so do I!  They have velcro straps on them which makes getting them on and off easy, however, they don't look tacky like some shoes with velcro straps.
B005CKPONQ Poor velcro strap The shoes look terrific, but the velcro strap is surprisingly short.  When my son puts these on, it doesn't take long before the velcro releases its grip and his shoe comes off... repeatedly.  If the strap were lengthened and 5 cents more velcro were used, the shoe would stay on and be perfect.It's unfortunate, because he loves these shoes.
B005CKQ5S4 Great The price was nice  and the packaging was on point. The shoes are true to size and my little girl loves them.
B005CPBU2K My son loves these! Run a little small - he is in 11.5 little kid, so we got the 12. They fit perfectly! Love the colors & can't wait to see him on the field! My son is 5 & these are his first soccer cleats.
B005CPEUG8 Daughter LOVES them Can't beat the price and they are Puma...need  I say anything else? Excellent indoor soccer/futsal shoe. In the stores, these are double or triple the price.
B005CPEUG8 great these shoes are sweet my son loves them he wears them every where and is very proud of them  and why do i need to have such a long review
B005CPIN9I puma powercat receiveid them today.... my ten year old son just loved them. they fit nicely he says they are confortable and look very good
B005CPLYR6 Son Loves Them - Not Real cushioned Bought these for my 8 year old son and he loves the look. They are not a real cushioned shoe, but he likes them and they have held up to the rigors of youth soccer well. They do seem to run a little bit small so consider that when ordering.
B005CPYA2M Fun AND function I bought these cleats for my 6 year old daughter when she joined a local soccer league. She complains mightily about shoes and socks and clothes in general that are uncomfortable. Luckily, these cleats have been perfect for her. They get great traction even in the mud of a New England spring and she also loves the colors.
B005CQAKGG my grandaughter loves These soccer shoes.  The size ordered fit perfectly, order came in on time and she loves the blue color.  We have a lot of hard ground with a little bit of grass to play on in this part of Texas.  The shoe bottoms work real good on this hard ground.
B005CVL8OE My kid loves them They look just like the Basket's that I wore as a kid, and my son seems to like the way they fit and how they look.
B005CVWYPG Good shoe! I got this for my daughter's hip hop dance class.  She loves them and they fit as expected.  Item arrived on time as well!
B005CVWYPG very nice These look great, are very comfortable and my daughter loves them. I don't know if they will hold up very well, I have to clean them constantly and I'm not sure the synthetic with keep looking new for much longer
B005CVWYPG love them My daughter loves them. she refuses to take them off.  They are also great for dance class. perfect fit for her.
B005CVWYPG Super show My daughter thinks she can run fast because of her new cool looking shoes. Fits her perfect and she loves white n pink color.
B005CVY9RW Cool kicks My 11-month old daughter loves this! Fits well, looks so cool, gets a lot of compliments. Shipped pretty quickly too.
B005DTR72W Great Sneaker I gave these sneakers to my brother for his birthday, and he LOVES them.  he really loves that the leather has already been broken in so that they won't crack.  They fit well and it's a sleek design.  Great choice!
B005DTS9SS Great Gift This was a gift for my son-n-law and he loves them!  He stated they fit perfectly and are very comfortable!
B005F17KYI Pleased! Great price! Very pleased! Considered Adidas but the Puma was half the price. Bought this for my daughter, she loves it.
B005F17KYI Great product Great material. Fits true to size. Nephew loves it. Its of good quality. Very stylish. Will be purchasing more for my son.
B005F17KYI Would not recommend. I bought those for my son. After 1st use they look just like old. Would not recommend to buy them.
B005F17KYI he loves it He loves it great fit as expected . He is 6 ordered a size up but it stops there wish they made them bigger for older  kids.
B005F17KYI Puma athletic suit Grandson (6 years-old) loves his new outfit. It is sturdy and well made and should last a good long while.
B005F17KYI love it Great quality! My 6 year old loves this! I'm glad I ordered a size up it fits more like a 6 than a 7
B005HEJHYO perfect fit My husband loves them. He wears them every time he golfs now. The fit and style is exactly what he wanted.
B005HEJK3W Great golf shoe especially for the money I got these golf shoes for my 13 yr old son and he loves them a lot. He has used them once and they were very comfortable. He also likes the style which was a strong consideration for him.
B005HEJK3W Great! My 14 year old son loves it.  Perfect fit and very comfortable.  Plays golf all the time....even better than pic.
B005HEL4W2 Great golf shoes My Husband ordered these and has been using them nonstop for a couple months. He loves them, fit is good and they look very nice!
B005HEMSW2 I like it It was a gift to my sister an she loves it. Very confortable, and It looks great. She is very happy
B005HEN3GW HUSBAND &#9829;s these! These are by far the best golf shoes out there. They fit true to size, and my husband loves them!
B005HEN3GW Boyfriend loves them! I bought these for my boyfriend as a Christmas present. He couldn't wait for the winter to be over so he can wear them. After playing a couple of rounds he loves them and they look so good on him. =)
B005HENEFC My son loves these shoes It is hard to find this size golf shoe in local stores. The shoes fit perfectly and my son loves them.  I will buy them again when he needs another pair.
B005HEP57C Wife loves them! Bought these shoes as a birthday present. Hadn't bought golf shoes online until this purchase. Wasn't sure what to expect. Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised! She loves them! She says it's the best fitting shoes she's had.
B005HEPXDI Just what expected My son loves these, he is 9 years old and they are so comfortable, easy to keep clean and he uses them at least 3 times a week and they are wearing nicely.
B005OMD5ZG nice shoes i order these for my bf's friend. he loves them and says how they fit so well. i dont think he ever takes them off. he loves them
B005OMFAYK nice! this is exactly what i expected greatg buy for the price. i bought it for my husband and he loves it too!!
B005ON39OC great gift for the lady Wife loves them. Says they are so light it feels like shes barefoot, and the mesh lets her feet breath
B005OTY71U Great buy! Great length, style and fit. My four year old loves them! Comfy and easy for him to put on by himself.
B005R506IO My son loves them He likes Puma.He likes the shape.He likes the colorHe simply loves these shoes.Nothing to add, really
B005R506IO Son Loves Pumas We tried stride rite shoes for my son since he was little - he never cared for them.  One day bought him a pair of pumas and love of this brand was born.  He is just about 6 now and all I buy are pumas.  These were the latest purchase and he likes them.  Keep in mind when ordering the leather sneakers they usually run 1/2 a size smaller then the canvas.
B005R506IO Son loves these They are great sneakers and look good for school or park.  They are easy to clean. Exactly as shown.My son says they make him run faster. ;)
B005R506IO My son loved the shoes I got these shoes for my son and he loves wearing them. He says they feel comfortable and he likes the way they look.
B005R531DG Best buy It was an excellent purchase, the exact size, nice price, prompt delivery and good material, my 13 year old daughter loves it, it is comfortable and very pretty.
B005S0PF1G Great buy I got these for my 4 year old daughter and she loves them she wears them around the house all the time
B005S0QEXE babys first pair.great price got size 4 for 6 month old first shoes .his mom loves them.chose these because seem light wt.n in chair or car seat r lying down
B005SEDHYY My wife loves these.  She wishes they didn't discontinue them. My wife has about 9 to 10 of these tank tops.  She loves the comfort and support they give her. We have looked all over the place, and we can't find any more in her size.
B005V0JEOC Xmas present for my daughter. Seems to be of good quality, and my daughter loves it! She's 12 and loves everything pink so the color was right up her alley!It was a little tricky to set but once it was done, all was well.
B005XXJR62 They look even better on! They look very nice, they are flexible and feel comfortable.  My son loves them and they clean easily.  We recommend them.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes I bought these for my daughter and they fit just right. She is wearing them for indoor soccer and she loves them so far.
B005ZFCUIA Happy daughter I purchased these for my daughter for Christmas from her Amazon list and she loves them.  She said they are very comfortable and fit perfectly.
B005ZFCUIA AWESOME SHOES!!! My wife absolutely loves these sneakers,  We highly recommend these for anyone taking fitness classes, or doing moderate intensity workouts
B005ZFCUIA My daughter is very happy with this these sneakers My daughter is very picky and I am glad to say she loves these sneakers....no complaints!!!  I would definately order these again. They seem to be true to size.
B005ZFCUIA Perfect sneakers My daughter is very happy with her Puma's Training sneakers. She loves the colors and in confortable and light. The Price is good and I received them on time.
B005ZKE4IE Great track jacket My 8 year old son loves this Jacket . He was given this as a birthday present with the track pants that match and put on it as soon as he opened it. I checked the quality of the material and was very happy with the look and feel. It is lightweight and comfortable.Would definitely recommend.
B005ZT6ODS My daughter loves them ... it ran kind of big though I bought these for my 7 year old daughter for gymnastics and she loves them despite being a little bigger than most things in her size. I am ok with it since she will be able to grow into them now.
B005ZUKUX2 More importantly she loves it I bought her a size bigger - instead of a 10, I got her a 12 because I don't want to be racing against time to get enough wear from her clothes. It's a little big but not too loose that she can't wear it now. She loves it for the way it fits. The cotton is soft and its a simple shorts she can wear everywhere. With kiddies and product branding - anything with an animal wins over stripes and whooshes. I bought both in the white and raspberry rose. Both colours are great.
B0061NY7QI Shoes My husband loves these shoes and can't wait for boating season to get here. He wore them to a hot springs and was thrilled.
B0069YRE3M Puma G. Vilas My seven year old son loves these shoes.  They fit true to size and have worn really well.  Only downfall is that they loose support towards the end of their life.
B006IWD6HS Son loves them Love the color green/black and they fit as expected. Hopefully my son will get a couple of seasons out of these.
B006IY2Q2C 8 year old boy loves them. We got these for indoor soccer, and they're holding up fine (even through winter snow).  Serve their purpose just fine!
B006IYT2XI son My son loved these for soccer for multiple reasons. For once he did not complained about how they fit etc.
B006IYTB1Q My son loved the shoes My son ordered the wrong size then sent it back.  The return process was easy and quick.  The shoes are exactly what he expected and friends & family love the look.
B006J7WSEY Great shoes! My 10 yr. old daughter loves them!  I did order up one whole size and they fit perfect! Will be buying again!
B006J7WSEY He loves the cleats My nephew loves the cleats. They are the first thing he puts on in the morning and the last to come off.
B006J7WSEY My son loves them Age:5Size#13 (they size out small)They fit my son exactly as expected, he was more than excited about the shoes.  His first comment was about the color and his follow up was about how fast they will make him (remember he is 5). He is happy and so are we!
B006J7WSEY very cool Very nice shoes with cool colors . My son loves it ! He wants to show it on the playground!
B006J7WSEY Great buy! My son loves the look of them and says they fit well. Solid cleat for running around durning the early morning games on a damp field. Shoelaces were a little slippery at first and frequently untied, might want to wash those before wearing.
B006J7WSEY Great Cleats My daughter loves these cleats.  They're stylish, fit well and unique!  They do fit kind of snug so it's probably best to get 1 size bigger!!
B006J7WSEY My 9 yrs old boy loves it Such a good shoe to play soccer with. My 9 yrs old sun play twice a week after school and after 3 months he and I can decently say it is perfect. And I will add that it is very stylish and very well made.
B006J7WSEY great kids cleat These are great for my soccer playing 7 yr old daughter. She loves the design too.They are light weight which is nice.
B006J7WSEY Great Product Purchased for my 6 yo son and he loves it. Fits and looks great. Sturdy and very light weight. Can wait to see him play his 1st game.
B006J7WSEY just OK my son loves these soccer shoes, unfortunately the size is not so accurate to other shoes of the same brand
B006J7WSEY Soccer Cleat I found these to be a little tight around the toes.  I ordered the next size up and they were a perfect fit.  My little guy loves these.
B006J7WSEY excellent we got this for my niece who wanted to try out for soccer it was a great fit and a perfect price considering that they are brand name and the colors that she loves.
B006J7WSEY Boy loves these These look great and seem good quality. Fit like a normal size 5 would. A little big but room to grow
B006JCTRDO Bought for grandson! My grandson loves shoes! All of them in fact! He is only5, but always looks to see what new ones are out! Can't gowrong with this brand. They wear very well.
B006JCTRDO Love them They were exactly like the picture... Great fit and color... I plan to purchase every color for the spring...my daughter absolutely loves them.... Nice suede sneakers
B006JCTRDO Son LOVES them and they've held up well My 10 year old son has these shoes in black and LOVES them. Because of this, he has worn them almost every day for the last 6 months. They have held up wonderfully, and don't look 6 months old at all.I should add that my son has flat feet and wide feet and, with many shoes, complains that his feet hurt often. We put some OTC insoles in these shoes, and he hasn't complained once.I'm on this page to order another pair in a larger size.
B006JCTRDO Socute!!! My son loves this shoes. They look adorable comfortable definatly recommended. I bought the greens and blue ones the colors are very boy like and they look awesome with jeans!
B006K26TBG Great! My two year old loves these boots. Great product. Keeps his feet warm and dry. He gets compliments on them all the time which he loves. The laces are definitely helpful getting his feet in. The smaller puma Niveus boots don't have loose laces and we weren't able to cram his foot in.
B006L2WF2M Love it True to size... Comfortable and most of all looked really cool.... Nice combination of colors! My son loves it and says it's very comfortable!
B006OEY2NC best golf show! My husband loves these shoes.  He golfs 3 times a week and says these are sooo comfortable.  Very important because he just got 2 new knee replacements in the last 2 years.
B006OEY2NC Great shoes This is one of Puma's best shoes out there.  My son loves these and wants another pair to match his other Puma outfits.  These have great grip even in moist conditions.  This is a very comfortable walking shoe and I recommend them highly.
B006QOIP88 Lightweight, comfortable, stylish I got these for my 15 year old son and he loves them.  He is a tall, skinny kid who complains that his feet hurt a lot so he wanted something with a little more support without looking dorky.  He put these on and proclaimed they were like walking on clouds (except he said it in some hip, cool way).They seem durable, look good, great price and he likes them - perfect fit all around.
B006QOJ8PM I bought for my husband. My husband loves this shoe! He needs light weight and this soles for driving his sports car.  This fits his foot and the peddles very well!  He finds it very comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM bought these for my son He loves them. Thinks they both stylish and comfortable. His foot is a bit on the wider side and these have a bit more room in the toe area.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes My son is 14 & loves these shoes are comfortable & fit just right.  Was a great experience working with them.
B006QOJ8PM My Son only wears Puma My son wanted these for Christmas. He has large wide feet and these are very comfortable for him. The styling is clean and the quality is consistently good. He is a loyal Puma customer and it looks like this will continue for many years to come.
B006QOJ8PM son's favorite shoe my son loves this style of Puma, they are sometimes hard to find. so i bought him two pairs. he wears them as a general shoe and also to work out and run in, so that is why i bought 2
B006QOJ8PM Cool I got these shoes for my 21 year old son.He never wore Pumas before but he loved them.They are really sharp.
B006QOJ8PM puma he loves this shoes! gave them as a birthday gift. I would recommend them to anyone. great price and product
B006QOJ8PM Nice I got these for my 23 y.o. son for Christmas.  He loves the Puma brand.  This is his 3rd pair.  They are comfortable and true to size.
B006QOJ8PM nice looking sneakers. got it for my son who is very picky about his shoes and he loves it, fits true to size.
B006QOJ8PM Buy them! Great shoe! My hubby loves them and he gets tons of compliments when he wears them. Wish they made bigger sizes too.
B006QOK6TY Nice Shoes Bought these for a gift, She loves Puma and has a hard time finding them around where we live in a style that she likes.  Loves these they fit well, are stylish and are exactly what she was looking for.
B006QOKESC Nice looking shoe My son loves his shoes and matching tee shirt.  We expected to receive a Puma box, becasue my son likes to store his shoes, but they came in a box without a lid.
B006QOL57G One Stylish Shoe I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift since she loves all the colors involved (Nearly a steal with lightning deals). They were a perfect fit and she loves them! These shoes are designed very well (aesthetically). The quality appears lacking presumably because these shoes are manufactured in a country other than the US. As described in the title, these sneakers are definitely more meant for fashion than durability under high-stress situations.All-in-all: If you're looking for a visually appealing pair of shoes (What woman isn't?), then you have found the pair!
B006QP37LW Good I bought this item for my wife and she loved it, she says she loves PUMA, I'm very pleased, Thanks!!!!
B006QPGCAA Perfect! These were a gift for my boyfriend.  He has the black ones and decided to get him the grey ones as well.  He loves them and they fit perfectly.
B006QQ0WYG gift for my son he loves the sneakers; he previously had white Pumas which wore out and was happy to find this comparable pair
B006QQ0WYG I Actually Impressed My Son I am not the most fashion forward person but I bought these as a gift for my son. He was and is still, very happy with the fit and styling of these shoes.
B006QQ0Y7G Husband loves them! My husband bought these shoes and loves them.  They're casual, but still ok for him to wear to work. :)
B006QQ11IM Christmas saved! The shoes was a Christmas gift for my little cousin. His mom has said that he has not worn any other shoe except those. They fit perfectly on him and he loves them.
B006QQ18MQ My son loves this shoe A gift for my son and he loves the look of the sneaker and the way it feels and fits.  He is very pleased.
B006QYHHFU My son loves it. I bought this pullover b/c it was at a great sale price. I expected it to be way too big being a man's size and my son is only 12 years old. He is tall and slim. 5 ft tall, size 16 slim jeans, large boys shirts. I hoped he would wear this in a year or 2 and save it. Well...he wears it now. I bought a small. It fits loose as expected but doesn't swallow him whole. He is tall with long arms and this fits well with some growth room, not overly big, so wondering if it runs a little small? Held up good in the laundry so far. I wash it as directed. I'm not a big fan of the fabric on the PUMA clothing b/c it does tend to get the piling after repeated washes. But he loves it and that is what counts! Would buy it again.
B006R07PUA Very nice I love this track Jacket, it is very stylish. It was exactly what I expected. I bought it for my son,and he also loves it.
B006R0904O Puma t shirt Great looking t shirt bought it for a gift for Christmas for a grandson.  He will love it he loves anything that has Puma on it.
B006R6TTVW Good My son loves Puma that why I bought it. I shouldn't have to say anymore. That's why I don't like to do these
B006R6ZULU Ferrari shorts. My son loves these shorts.  They look great and he really likes the look of them as well.  He says they are very comfortable and always has a big grin when wearing them.
B006SZ5F7Y gift this was a gift for a friend who loves black accessories and he just absolutely loved it, thank you- perfect.
B006SZ5MN6 nice! bought this item for my wife and she truly loves it. Lightweight and has a sporty feel. be reminded that the female watches are smaller than the men.
B006SZ5R1S great for the price I got this for my 9-year-old step daughter for Christmas. It's her first watch with hands because I wanted to move her away from digital. She really loves it! I wouldn't mind one for myself. It's very cute and seems pretty durable. The price to quality ration is good. Overall, I recommend!
B006SZ5RYU My teenage son loves it! I bought this for Christmas for my teenage son and he loves it!  I had previously purchased another white Tony Hawk watch that he didn't love so I returned it and bought him this.  He loves the design and the look of it!
B006SZ610O Blue = Purple/Blue Surprised at the color out of the box, not the blue I had been expecting. Chose this watch for my son who absolutely loves it and has to fight off his 15 yr old sister to retain possession -she loves how it looks also. As a time piece, it's great. Easy to read at a glance, comfortable but the instructions were horrible making it not worth the effort to go beyond the basic functions. Still pining for the Nixon magic eightball.
B006VE8DMG Stylish...however... My son loves his new indoor soccer shoes. But...be aware that the two shoes are not identical. One is light blue on top, where the other is dark blue. You wouldn't know this as only one is pictured. What a surprise...but luckily he thinks this is cool. True to size.
B006VE8YSY cool soccer cleats my son loves them and noodyelse had them.. he said they were really comfortable unlike other brands of cleats thank u
B006VEPFK4 Love this PUMA! My grandson's team colors are orange and blue - so I naturally navigated to this indoor shoe.  He loves the shoes!!!  We are very pleased!
B006VEPHUM small & expensive I bought two pairs of these shoes for my two boys, ages four and six. The size I got for my four-year-old was way too tight for him, so I exchanged those for a bigger size and gave the pair originally for my 6-year-old to my 4-year-old. In the end they both fit just fine, and the return process was very simple and there were no problems. I felt like the shoes were pretty expensive so I'm not sure they're worth the $50 I paid. But my boys like the shoes. The only thing is that my older son, although his shoes fit him fine, when he runs or walks around a lot, they rub against the side of his big toe enough to make him have to take them off for a while. We found that out one morning when I realized my keys were locked in the car and I had to walk the kids to school. My son was having a hard time during the last half of the walk or so. But he still loves the shoes, and as long as he doesn't run around too much they are fine.
B006VEPHUM These are perfect My son and I both love these.  They fit as expected and will be perfect for indoor soccer!  He loves the color.
B006VEQH42 This shoes are great I ordered these shoes for my son and the size was perfect and the shipping was fast, only if my post office would have gotten it to me on time I had to go to my post office and pick them up because they had them there and wouldn't ship them out yet but other then that my son loves these shoes he says they are comfortable and he runs great in them there not to tight which is the problem we have had in the past I would recommend these to any soccer player.
B006VEQH42 great My daughter loves these~ they are comfortable and she doesn't feel like her foot is being smothered too tight. l
B006VESI5I Daughter loved it We were in need of indoor soccer shoes quickly. We ordered them and they were shipped and here on time for her first indoor game. Quality is great and she loves them.
B006VWJSL8 my husband loves this Bought this as a Christmas gift and my husband loves it! The jacket is close fitting, but he says very comfortable and warm. Wish there were more colors so I could get him more!
B006W1DT1I cute shoes. My daughter loved these I bought them for play shoes and she ended up wearing them everyday. She loves the velcro = independence for my 4 year old.
B006W1DWOW Loved them My 11 year old son could not wait for shoes to arrive.  They were everything we expected.  He's very happy!
B006W1DWOW Very comfortable We had to go a size & 1/2 bigger but my son loves these shoes.  They feel light and comfy while still protecting his very active feet
B006WEI3BQ Mom approved. I got these sneakers for my mom and she loves them. She said they are light and true to size. I'm glad she loves them.
B006WTISAC My son loves them Very cute Puma sneakers. I love the brand ,love the way they are looking,light wait shoes,easy to put on and they are comfy according to my son.
B006Z683AM My son loves his shoes They fit him and he wears them to every basketball game he plays.  His only trouble like with every 11 year old is keeping them tied on the court, but he has gotten much better throughout the season.
B006ZO3U0C Sprinting shoes Nice fit and very light shoes. Great for sprinting.  My son loves it! The material feels cheap though. The Usain Bolt signature is not very clear. Great shoes nevertheless.
B0070R9X2M Nice My son loves it. Fits the items he needed it for. I thought the puma emblem would be white, but I was OK with it since my son approved.
B0070R9X2M ... loves it and it holds his football gear quite comfortably. My son loves it and it holds his football gear quite comfortably.
B00712KP4G Only had them a months and the suede has a worn off hole At first I loved these shoes as evidence by my first post below but they are wearing out very fast. My son wears these shoes everyday and we have had them for a month. They already have a big chunk of suede (about the size of a dime)that has worn off the side."I bought these son for my 6 year old son. We are still practicing tying shoes. He is having a hard time learning how. Until he has masters the skill of shoe tying I wanted some shoes that he can easy manage on his own when he is at school. These are wonderful. He says they are comfortable and I think they look great!
B00712KP4G Great sneaker My 1 yr old son who just started walking...loves it!! Nice grip works very well for him on slippery surfaces.
B0071EAEFO LOVE THESE! Everyone loves these!  I get lots of compliments when I wear them!  They have silver and orange - two of my favorites
B0071F1H9A Fantastic Value! My son loves these shoes, I originally bought him these in a smaller size, but both my son and I loved them so much I made sure to purchase them in the right size.Thanks
B0071F2DOS Daughter Loves them Bought these for my daughter and she loves them.  Since she's playing more games on turf now she needed a different style of soccer shoe.  Originally we ordered a size a half size to small and Amazon made it easy to exchange the shoe.
B0071RGGYY Ferrari crib shoes This is a gift for my grandson. Which he is due to get here by Christmas. My son is an avid Ferrari collector. So I figured why not start his son with the same.
B0071RGGYY So CUTE! My husband loves puma and I bought these shoes when I found out I was expecting.  It was the perfect way to tell him we are having a baby as they it is a gender neutral color!  I love the detail and can't wait to use it on our new baby in about a year!
B0071RGWAM My daughter loves these! My bought these for my 5 year old and she LOVES THEM!  Good quality shoe and I like the fact that when she gets them dirty I can just wipe them off!
B0071RGWAM Perfect My 6 year old daughter loves this shoe!  They have just the right amount of sparkle to suit the sporty princess!
B0071RGWAM Puma power! Very comfy and easy to put on and off. My girl loves the style and thinks she can run faster with these.
B00721FYAG Just as pictured...adorable! My grandson picked these out to be his school shoes for kindgergarten....can't say I was thrilled with his choice of colors, but he loves them!
B00721I2JG Wish they came in my size My daughter loves these shoes. She wears them to daycare and can easily doff and don them herself. They fit great and look very stylish.
B00727EJIS Good for 6 yr old This shoe looks great, it is well finished and true to size. My 6yr old son loves it. He's been wearing for a week straight with no issues.
B00727EVWM beautiful shoe for my baby its a high quality soft shoe, I'm saving for when my son is 2 years old, are shoes I was looking for a gift for my son. recommended, buy it, but is expensive
B00727EVWM son Loves it. Best thing about the shoe is that the straps are solid . but I guess will wait for about a month for full assessment .On initial use , definitely sound like a 4 .
B00727EVWM My toddler loves these shoes I've always bought my daughter Puma shoes because the fit is great for her, they are always true to size, and the style options are great. She loves this particular pair and gets excited to put them on in the morning.  My only complaint is that they could use a little bit more friction at the bottom.  She sometimes slips on the hardwood so I think it could use a tad more grip on the soles.
B0073G9NNO my son loves these shoes I recommend this product for long distance runners, my son LOVES his shoes he describes then like running on air. they are comfortable, although he wears a size 12 these shoes are neat and not big and clumsy, and the icing in the cake is Prime sports gives excellent customer service I will order from them again.
B0073IRJOW If my son wears it it's good I have the fussiest son on the planet, I gave him these for Xmas and visited him 4 months later, he wore them almost every day and was very comfortable.
B0073IV9FM amazing fast This is so amazing my son loves it I wish there where more left cause it looks so amazing you guys r really am to please
B0073J7VFS good stuff I've just got camo for our 11 year old son and he loves it. It's relatively light yet seams pretty durable and well done.Will update if any changes.
B0073J7VLC Cool laptop bag Purchased this for my 8 year old son not knowing it had a laptop compartment. So far it's holding up really well he loves it because it's different than the other kids backpacks. The brown hides the dirt really well.
B0073J87QU Very stylish! My son loved the colors and the mesh on this back pack.  It is very stylish for my son in high school.
B0073J8SG4 Got for my husband It was an early birthday present, the shoes arrived earlier than i expected, and they fit perfectly. my husband loves them, he says they're perfect running shoes, very light.
B0073J8SG4 Awesome Bought these for my husband, wasn't sure if "I" would like them.  He loves them, but I do feel like they look a little old school and are little too leathery looking.
B0073XIITC Daughter LOVES these shoes I ordered these shoes for my 18-year-old daughter. She loves them! She said they are very comfortable and are great for the gym.
B0073XIITC Ordered as a gift for mom These were some pretty nice shoes and my mom loves them alot. I would order these again for her if she wanted
B0073XIITC My wife loves them They look pretty flimsy to me, but A. I'm not a little woman. B. My wife is a pumaholic. C. She loves them and the sizes are correct.
B00772NHWW Great fit My son is using these to kick for high school football and he loves them!  Says he has a great touch with them...  thanks!
B00772O5E6 Awesome Soocer cleats!!! These are very attractive and well made.  They also run true to size.  My daughter loves them and all the girls on her soccer team have asked her where she got them.
B0077CLQAM My son loves these shoes I bought the shoes thinking that I would give them to my son at the beginning of the following school year, However he tried them on and he has not worn his other pair of shoes since.  Not only do they look great but they are easy to clean up.  One of those magic eraser pads some Clorox bleach kitchen spray and a brush and any dirt and grime comes right off.
B0077CZI6K Birthday gift for my father and loves it! He was so excited for these and loved it with a passion. Will get the red and black ones soon for him as well as a x-mas gift.
B0079O02VC Sturdy We bought these shoes for the school year for our daughter and she loves them.  They have lasted almost the whole school year.
B007A7TX0O Present for 10 yr old son Like many young kids, my son's favorite golfer is Ricky Fowler.  I bought this hat for his birthday and LOVES IT!  exactly as pictured and a perfect fit!
B007CTSE4Q Very sweet I got the 2T and it is small on my almost 2 year old. She loves the hoodie and it is very comfortable / warm.
B007FDVIDI xmas gift I gave these as a gift to my beau and he loves them. They fit perfectly and have lasted this long (six months) with him wearing each pair at least once a week.
B007FDVIDI Boyfriend Can't get enough I ordered these for my boyfriend and since then hes had me order 2 more packs! He loves them. The fit, the style, and  the comfort are great!
B007JAN1I2 gift was given as a gift for grandson and he wears them everywhere - loves these and everyone is impressed  great
B007JAN4FM Great shoes My son loves these shoes. They do run a little bit big, so I might go half a size smaller in the future, but he loves them so much he wears them anyway , very sharp looking.
B007JASSKI Very nice shoes These were for my 12 year old son and he loves them!  He's hard to find shoes that he likes since he a size 12 and has wide feet. These did the trick.  Perfect fit!
B007JASSKI He loves them! I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas & he LOVES them! Says they're very comfortable as well. Ordered his normal shoe size. AND they came earlier than expected. This was my first buy on Amazon & I'm very pleased!
B007JASSYO Absolutely Perfect! This was a Father's Day gift for my husband and he loves them.  After reading the reviews, I ordered a 1/2 size larger and I'm glad I did. Perfect fit!
B007M6BKT0 Great Shoes My son loves them. they fit well and are well made. Likes them better than the shoe he had previously.
B007MAYD2C Pretty My 20 months old loves this pair of sneakers that I got for her.  Immediately she just picks up and wants to try to put them on.  It's light and beautiful, definitely will get again.
B007MAYD2C Excellent Bought these for my 5 year old daughter. They shine more than I expected, but she loves that. Very light and they fit her nicely. Velcro straps are excellent.
B007MAYD2C shoes My daughter loves these shoes and I love the brand and pricing. Will defintely keep purchasing similar items online for her.
B007MAYD2C Would buy again My daughter loves these shoes. She is 3 and adores them. They are very nice and sparkly and no the sparkles don't come off. She says they are very comfy.
B007MAYD2C Blue shoes! Our toddler loves these.  Her favorite color is blue so this goes well with her favorite clothes.  She can run and play all day in these.
B007MAYD2C Awesome I bought these for my 3 yr old daughter and SHE LOVES them , they fit well and she loves the way they feel on her feet , she wears them to preschool so she wears them about 5-6 hours a day , I will be buying another pair my other girls :)
B007MAYD2C puma glitter fashion sneakers my daughter loves them, I will order her some more pumas, just have to wait for the weather to warm up;)
B007MAYD2C Great Quality Puma makes a great product and these shoes are no exception.  They are well-made and durable.  My daughter loves that she can put her shoes on independently and they match everything.  Stylish and affordable!  LOVE THEM!
B007MAYLQK Love puma My son loves it. All black is great for his school. I wish the bottom was stitched instead of sticked. Hope it lasts throughout the school year and beyond. Great shoe, great brand.
B007MC1CHE Great children's sneakers Bought these shoes for my two-year old grandson.  They are sturdy, easy to get on, look good and make him happy.
B007MC1CHE Love the Puma Shoes My son loves the shoes.They are very comfortable. My daughter is asking to get her a pair in pink.
B007MC1CHE 4yr old loves them Really cute, and daughter loves them. Seem comfortable and fit well, nice and slim fitting which is good for little feet. Velcro fastening makes it easy to put on and off, although tongue tends to bunch up a bit.
B007NQC2OQ Excellent! I bought this as a gift to my mother in law, and she loves it. Very comfortable, and fit exactly to her feets.
B007NQC2OQ she loves them bought these for my daughter....she loves them..they fit great and look soo soo good...the price was GREAT.....other places wanted triple....
B007P3OLOQ Great Boot Wears like a comfortable sneak. My wife loves them!Wear them to VT, but also fun and stylish.Great purchase
B007P4L4L8 Great gift!! I bought them as a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them! Very warm and the back zipper pocket was an added bonus that he liked!
B007P4OF5A excelentt My husband enjoys this hoddie, he never expect this gift so thats was great he really surprise and he now loves it
B007P7ZPWO Great product Husband loves this style of sock but they are hard to find.  They've been washed a lot and the elastic has held up, they are comfortable and they fit well.
B007Q36ALC love it Size, style, quality as expected. My son loves this sneakers, and feels comfortable. They goes with pants and jeans absolutly perfectly! I love it, and my son does)
B007Q36ALC i Love it Excellent condition, fit as expected, looks great, my 5 years old son loves it and he doesn't want to take it out :) Thanks
B007Q36ALC Mommy and son approved! My 4 year old loves these and they are more secure them the Puma's with the large flapped velcro strap.
B007Q36ALC Love this shoes My son, 7 years old, loves this shoes. They are so comfortable, he could sleep with them on. My son is pretty active and these shoes are putting up with it just fine.I love how they look, so we are all happy.
B007Q36ALC shoes I love these shoes but they were to big for my son foot.my son is only 10 months so I order him a different pair
B007Q36U4Y My Grandson loves his new puma's These shoes fit well and has a little growing rum. He finds them very comfortable and he really likes the colors. Thanks for a good product.Eric
B007SLGLX4 Pretty. My daughter loves they look of these shoes, she wears them everywhere. She is only 3 years old, but she puts them on very easily.
B007SLGLX4 Excellent choice It was as expected and my son loves it very much.Would purchase again in a different colour and style.Thanks
B007SLGLX4 my son loves it very comfortable I will keep purchasing puma sneaker in the near future recommends it highly to mothers who had picky kids great buy
B007SLGLX4 love it............. my daughter loves this shoe she is two so not having laces is a plus i dont even have to help her she puts it on herself......shipping time i was especially pleased with not even a week went by and i got the shoes in trinidad .........
B007SLGLX4 Boy loves it My boy was used to sandals and we had problems finding shoes that fit him at Target because they were either too narrow or too flat. Didn't have much hope for these but when they came it fit him perfectly and he loves them. He still rips them off as soon as he's off his feet but that's what he does with everything.
B007SLGLX4 great buy my nephew loves to put htese babies on everyday. easy to get on  and off for a 4 year old
B007SLGLX4 great shoes My son loves these shoes he like that there are no laces!!!! lol lol. I love the price and color.
B007SLGLX4 My kid loves it I bought this for my 5 yo kid, and i'm very satisfied. My kid usually destroys his shoes, but with this ones, he can't.
B007SLGLX4 GREAT Shoe and GREAT Quality! I LOVE these shoes but really that does not mean much... my three year old son loves them. He asks to wear his shoes. I think that is a win.
B007SLGLX4 Beautiful shoe nothing more to add. My 2 year old kid loves them.Just love Puma and especially those kid ones. Nice
B007SLGLX4 Love the colors, fits my 2 year old great. My son needed a nice, lightweight shoe to run about in, this fit the bill perfectly! Looks way better than those Crocks he was in before.
B007SLGLX4 I love Pumas My son loves these shoes! They are so cute and durable.i would recommend the shoes to everyone. Pumas are awesome.
B007SM2M2W sparkles anyone My daughter LOVES anything that has sparkles on it. So when she saw these we had to get them. the price was great and the shoes are awesome as well
B007SM2M2W Sparkles! I bought these for my 7 year old daughter - she loves them! Fair price & good quality!! My daughter loves the pink sparkles, they are very cute!!
B007TI6W94 Good shoe, just a bit bulky Bought these for my son. He loves these for ball control and passing, but thinks the shoe could be narrower for shooting purposes.
B007USEG6E camo shoes My son loves his new shoes and they fit fine. They are just right and its his favorite pattern to wear.
B007UZ3LC2 :) my baby loves this suit and everyone loves how she looks in it, the material is soft and i used this suit many times :)
B007X2BZ0M Comfortable and fashionable cleats I bought these for my 13 year old who loves soccer, We recieved them the next day and were very happy with them, my daughter wears them often and says that they are comfortable and she gets alot of compliments on how cool they are, any how we are happy with them thanks.
B0080LMQ58 Great look & fit My 5 year old loves his Pumas.  This is his third pair and he requested these on his own & even picked them out.
B0080LMQ58 PUMA Voltaic 3 - Nice Shoes My middle school-er loves them.  Great look, packaging, and fit.  Would recommend them especially for kids that are active and general wear.  Amazon/PUMA does it again!
B0080LMQ58 Cute! I bought these for my seven year old, he loves them. They are already horrible looking because my kids play so hard in thier shoes and he refuses to wear his other-newer, shoes
B0086FN9MW Puma Hoodie It is great fit. Quality product and most of all my son loves it!  This is where I will buy his next hoodie.
B0086FN9MW very nice Puma hoodie Bought this jacket for christmas gift for a grandson he loves anything that has Puma on it he will just love this jacket. Quality of jacket excellent.
B0086FN9MW Perfect Gift for my son. He is an 8 yr old boy. this fits him nicely and looks great.  Actual hoodie looks better in person than it does in the pictures.
B0086FN9MW Happy Hoodie My 8 1/2 year old grandson loves the Puma Hoodie.  He would wear it to bed if he could.  The hoodie is very soft and warm a perfect jacket for the rainy Pacific Northwest.
B0086FN9MW Great quality! Bought this for my Grandson for Christmas.  He loves it!!  A few years ago I'd bought him one, and he loved it so much that he not only wore it out, he wouldn't wear his other ones, and wore his old Puma hoodie even once it was too small.  He loves this new one.
B0086FN9MW Excellent Boys Hoodie Sweat shirt My 9 year old son loves this one. The sweat shirt looks just like in the picture, arrived in time.
B0086FYO0I Great value, great fit!! I bought this for a family friend's 5 year old son. He looks way too cute!! This was bought during an Amazon lightening deal. His mom tells me it is very warm and he loves it so much, he wears it all the time!!
B0086FYO0I Great Christmas Gift We got this for our son for christmas! He loves hoodies! It fits true to size and is great to keep him warm on cooler days! Very happy!
B0086FYO0I My son loves it! Fits perfectly.. I definitely would be buing more of these Puma hoodies, my son wears it everywhere and the color is beatiful
B0089GNI42 Great color and style! My son loves this jacket. I bought if for him to wear around the house and he loves it. I got a size bigger than is his actual size, but it is slim-fitting enough for his slight frame that he doesn't swim in it, it's just a bit too long, which is great. I have a feeling this would NOT be a great option to purchase for someone in husky sizes.
B0089HEVYM Great shoes and very stylish I bought them for my daughter because she loved the other one I had bought her some time ago. She loves the style and fit her well
B008A6COO6 Very impressed Puma is very popular in Europe. I bought it as present for my family member. She absolutly loves it. Fits perfect. I bought half size up, just for any case. She said it is good, because her feet are wide.
B008A6KTKC nice Me and my wife bought this shoes for my mother and she loves them. We are really happy about it
B008A6KTKC Nice but didn't fit. I bought these as a gift for my granddaughter.  She loves them but they have to be returned because they are too small.
B008A6KTKC Daughter loves these shoes Shoes are exactly what she wanted. After hours of visiting every shoe store near our area with no luck, we finally found these.
B008A6QIV6 Nice shoes I bought these for my wife and she just loves them. They are very comfortable and they are great since shes a doctor who has to walk all day long.
B008A6YFQQ Bought for a friend .... She loves them. We play. That's all I needed. Better quality and same brand that I bought. I'm Jealous! Nice!
B008A6YJDU Great shoes My daughter loves her new soccer cleats!  We should have probably ordered  a size up as they are a somewhat smaller fit than expected.
B008A6Z2KE awesome shoes! We bought these for our son off of his Amazon Wish List, and they were a big hit. They come in a really stylish and impressive red canvas bag which is a cool presentation. They fit him perfectly and he loves them. The first thing he did was take a picture of his feet and post it on Facebook, and he's a grown man! So glad we chose them, they were a big hit!
B008AH398A I love it the packaging and the shipping time is very good ... the quality is great... my doughter loves it... I loved it ... she's 3 years old and it fits perfectly i bought it 4t thought it would be bigger size but its exactly her size
B008AH398A Daughter Loves it Good quality and a good price!  Solid little jumpsuit and my daughter loves it.  Going to have to buy another since she is growing so fast.
B008AHA8A2 Soff and cute Purchased for my grand-son who lives in Nashville, not to hot, not too cold, daughter loves it she said it is suitable for all around weather condition there and she loves it.  She also said it is soft and durable.  I havent actually seen it but she loves It I live in WI
B008AILKZ8 Nice shoes I bought these shoes for my son.  He loves the color combination.  He said they are very comfortable.  They are surprisingly light for a shoes of this design.
B008AK6Q8C Nice looking shoes My son loves these shoes! He says they are very comfortable and they look great too. If he's happy I'm happy!
B008AKOFGW Love it My husband just loves them.very light weight and comfortable.. Would recommend this product to all males. This is absolutely a fantastic shoe.
B008ALI936 Great kicks Got the shoes quick and my husband loves them. So comfortable that he forget he has them on!!Def would purchase again.....
B008ALXVMK These have been great for my son So hard to find soccer cleats in a size 14 in stores let alone online. These have been great for my son. We bought 2 pairs and he rotates them so they last a bit longer.
B008ALYJQW Great pair of cleats I bought these for my son for high school soccer.  He loves them and says they are very comfortable.  They are well made and seem to be holding up well.
B008AWU21W great shape my son really like them ,wears then every day ,he would tell his friends to get them,he loves the colors.
B008AWU21W My boyfriend loves it It looks good on him and he likes the fit,plus it was at a great price ,Also the strap is stitched and can't be removed.
B008AWW7Y2 Great shoe This was purchased for my husband and he loves the color, the fit, and the comfort of this shoe. He has almost every color now and would recommend these shoes to everyone. He loves the great quality as well.
B008AXTOQ0 good afternoon so this gift is great because my friends boyfriend never buys anything new for himself and he needed new shoes like supper bad so when we find these we just had to get them and as far as i know he loves them
B008AXTOQ0 My boyfriend loves them! I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend. They run true to size, and he loves them! He says they are very comfortable.
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA I bought these for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves them they are great and fit good! I have the exact same shoes but pink and lime green!
B008AXTOQ0 Good lookin' shoe for any age Purchased this for a Christmas gift for my 24 yr old son. When he opened it my husband said he liked it & would wear it too. My son said it fits great.
B008AXTOQ0 Can't take them off My fianc&eacute; absolutely loves these shoes the fit is perfect and comfortable In fact they came in a bag in the box and he puts them back just as it arrived when he's done wearing them!
B008AXTOQ0 Great Suprise! I bought for my husband as a suprise gift and he loves them. They are lighweight and you tie them where you neeed them and they are fast to get in to. The are good on his back and legs. Puma shoes are all around a great shoe!!
B008AXTOQ0 my husband loves these I surprised my husband with these shoes and he absolutely  loves them! Definitely his favorite pair of tennis shoes now
B008AXTOQ0 Cool Shoes Bought these for my son he loves the colors and they fit great!  It is hard to find cool shoes his size.
B008AXTOQ0 Wonderful Gift Purchased gift for husband birthday. He loves the bright  yellow color and excellent fit. The eco friendly shoe bag is the best. ks
B008AXW9PI Great for price Haven't used in a meet yet, but my 14 yr old son loves the way they look and feel.  We will know more after his first meet.
B008AXYILQ As expected My son ordered these for track and loves them.  They fit perfect to size and are comfortable.  He would recommend.
B008AZD5ZE Love the shoes! My son loves these shoes.  He says they feel great and all his friends complimented him on the style and color.  I would definitely recommend them to any sixth grade boy wanting to make a fashion statement.
B008AZG59W In love Our teenager loves this shoe... so much so that he doesn't want to take them off!  Fits as expected, great price, neon is a must have right now, and very comfortable.
B008AZG59W great shoe I bought these for my husband. He loves the fit and the feel. Says they are incredibly comfortable. I would buy again
B008AZG59W PUMA SHOES My son only dresses in PUMA gear and his son is following in his footsteps. Puma holds its name for product reliability and performance. Great product will buy again!
B008BXRZ9W Love them! My 3 year old loves these shoes and they are adorable.  They fit great and are easy to get on and off.
B008BXRZ9W good for pre school these are great for a preschool and kindergarten child, that has not mastered shoe laces. they are so comfortable, my granddaughter loves these. this is the 2nd pair.
B008BXRZ9W Princess Gabbierella loves the Sneakerinas My 3 year old fiercely independent granddaughter loves the shoes. She can put them on herself and she runs the whole time she is wearing them. She believes they make her fast!!! Great for making nap time an easier sell.
B008BXRZ9W Love it!! I bought these for my daughter and she loves them. They fit her perfect and she wears them every day.
B008BXRZ9W Great fit for my 3 year old! Perfect shoe for playing outside. My 3 year old would prefer bare feet and doesn't keep shoes on unless I make her. She loves these for running around the playground or park. They are very easy for her to put on, and she says they are comfortable. She is petite - I am not sure how they would fit a child with chubby feet, as the elastic on top is not adjustable.  They are cuter than pictured and come in a small puma bag instead of a box which my daughter loves as well.
B008BXRZ9W My daughter loves these shoes My daughter loves them.  These are the second pair I've purchased for her. She gets compliments consistently. Parents want to know where I purchased them. They're cool too.  The fit is perfect.  My daughter is 8 year and destroys shoes.  These have stood the test of time compared to the others I've purchased.
B008BXRZ9W my 1 year old loves these, and so does her mama! These shoes are great for toddlers, they run somewhat large but my daughter can get them on and off herself and LOVES them! The color is fun too!
B008BXRZ9W she loves them! i was aware pumas are sized small so i purchased one size up (8m) for our 3 yr old. she loves them! they might be slightly snug but theyve already stretched enough she can put them on herself. very stylish and seemingly well made however a silver puma on the side rubbed off within days....you could barely see them to begin with so its not a deal breaker.
B008BXRZ9W Picky daughter (5 years) loves them and this says it all Comfortable yet versatile, could be paired with pants, shorts and dresses, easy to wear, My daughter just doesn't agree to switch to any offer shoe.
B008CAYJG6 gift this was a mother's day gift for my sister.  she loves it. i was disappointed with the delivery time, but the product is great
B008F05ZMA Look Great Just like it was advertised, Son loves it and it breaks the wind pretty good. A++ for this product, Buyers have no worries.
B008F05ZMA Puma Jacket Good Buy purchased this jacket for my son, it was the only one left @ the time of purchased & it is a nice jacket color & style.. my son loves it!
B008F063BM Wife loves them while driving. Got them for my motor-head wife. She loves them... heel-toeing her Z3 around the neighborhood...Good fit. Purple color is her fav.
B008F06T0W Good shoes Mu wife loves it they fit as expected , the color the brand almost everything in it are perfectI will recommend this productSIMMONS
B008F0O0S0 My son loves these for parkour In his words, he says they are like he's wearing nothing at all, but have great grip. He loves them.
B008F17R2K Comfortable and very COOL! They are for my Son.He loves them.As he stated&#34;Sooo comfortable and sooo COOL!  Wears them everywhere and is often askedabout them.
B008F17R2K thank u my son loves them thank you so much his very happy with them cant want to show them off thanks
B008F17R2K NICE shoe, and the price, wow! I purchased this pair of shoes for my 14 year old to use for PE.  He LOVES it.  Very cool design and color scheme, wide enough for his large growing feet and just plain comfortable.  What an amazing price too.  He will outgrow it fast, so the price is right.
B008F17R2K my son loves them I bought them as school shoes for my son, they are his school colors..  He loves them.  Glad I bought them, he is excited for PE this year.
B008F17R2K Purchaced for my husband and he loves them Husband loves them for Cross Training. He can get through a WOD then go for a run without having to change shoes.
B008F17R2K great shoes bought for our son.  he loves them, they fit as expected.  We ordered the wrong size the first time but easily exchanged them at no cost.
B008F17R2K For my son... Not every mother works with her son... so his need of a decent pair of shoes was very noticable to me.. He found this type of shoe and wanted a different color... that wasn't available, so he decided on this color after the release date was pushed back. He loves these shoes. Very Comfortable for him. The shoes are very breathable, which is a good thing, since he works 14-16hr shifts on his feet. He really loves the shoes and is looking into a pair of another color. It has been a couple months now and the seams are still good, bottoms haven't worn out; no splits, pops or tears.
B008J0W4P2 Husband loves it!!! Super nice quality and very stylish, if you know someone with a BMW this is a super gift! Fits great, He wears an XL in sweatshirts because he has long arms and he is tall and the XL was true to size.
B008J2P7DG Perfect hoodie My daughter loves her new hoodie.  I purchased it last winter for our trip to Florida to wear in the cool evenings.  Fits great, good quality worth the money.
B008J2T6AG Love it! Got it as a gift for my mom, she says that she loves how big the display is so she can always read the time.  The multi-alarm function really helps her as well.
B008J3F0PA Nice shirt My daughter loves it and it is one of her favorite shirts. It has help up well under multiple washings.
B008J3GD92 review These are a great fit for my daughterand perfect shape.  I love the colour and the she loves the glitter wording
B008J3HWDS Very Nice My daughter loves these yoga pants.  We are very pleased with the quality and they also wash well.  No compclaints
B008KJ5MWY Middle School daughter loves it Bright, cheerful color; soft fabric.  Like most Puma items tend to run small. Not the warmest sweatshirt - on the thinner side. My daughter wears it indoors with t-shirts during the winter.
B008L717ME Puma I purchased these shoes for wife and she loves them. They have a slim design and fit true to size.
B008PEJOKK shoes My son loves these shoes.  I ordered a size too big, so he'll be wearing them, probably in the spring
B008PEJOKK My Son loves these shoes They look nice, it is why I expected.. they were delivered on time, seem to be comfortable, and best of all my son loves these shoes.Thanks
B008PEJOKK Wearing them out! My son loves these! He's almost 2 and I think he might actually wear these out before he grows out of them!
B008PT3SCU He loves it ! The grand son wears this all the time. When it's real cold he'll put on a jacket but for the most part he's in this .  I'd buy from the seller again no problems with the shipping or damage.
B008PT3TK6 Size was perfect for my son!! Items came in on time and Product fits true size for my son!! The colors were perfect for using it at his school basketball games! Thanks
B008PT3VLS Nice shorts Bought these for my 13 year old son. They fit well, look good and comfortable. I would definitely buy these again.
B008QY0MWS My son loves his nw golf shoe I bought these for my son for golfing and he love them.  He normally wears a11.5 which is what I ordered and they fit true to size.
B008QY0TJO Awesome shoes Bought these for my husband. He loves them, & I got them at an excellent price. Very pleased with these.
B008QY1N9O awesome My father n law loves them..he is very happy wit them...my fiance has the orange and white ones too and he loves them
B008QY1X0S son loves 'em He's a Puma fan and these were comfortable right out of the box...he even liked the price better...I just wondered why the blue ones were $25.00 more...
B008R9Y0V6 Daughter loves them My 15 yr old daughter is 4'11 and she wanted to get a little height when she is out with her friends.  She wears these all the time!!! she says they are comfortable and look great with jeans.  She wants different colored pumas.  She has tried different brands of wedges but she says they are not as comfortable or stable as the Pumas.  I highly recommend these to anyone that wants to be a few inches taller and not want to wear dress heels all the time.
B008RB17OM Cool!!! I bought this for my bro........... and he loves so...........looks just as the picture shows...........colour and everthing. Fits great too
B008USM9V2 Daughter loves it! Bought shirt for my daughter she thinks it is a great shirt. Happy to make her happy. Great for the cooler months with the long sleeves.
B008VUG4FG A big hit with the little guy! My son's favorite color is red and what's cooler than a classic Puma Suede? He loves these shoes and I love how happy they make him.
B008VUG4FG Good overall shoes My son loves them its just that they perfect for winter time they are suede and they make his feet sweety in the summer especially he is very active.
B008VUG4FG Just the cutest shoes for a little girl ever. Awesome. What else can I say. These shoes are absolutely adorable, fit well, and my daughter loves them. I was thrilled to finds tiny Pumas, let alone in these colors and am very happy with my purchase. Starting my daughter early with some stylin' kicks and she is more than willing to show them off.
B008VUG4FG My son loves! My son loves Pumas! He had to sleep in these the first two nights he had them! These are his third pair and he's only 2! He outgrew and practically wore out his others.  They fit his fat wide foot great. Easy to get on. I do wish the laces were longer to make them easier to double knot or I wish they came in Velcro. That's why only 4 stars.
B008VUG4FG Perfect Fit My son loves these shoes.  He said they are very comfortable.  The only thing I didn't like was the fact the sole has the white band around it, but I knew that before I bought them.  I bought them anyway because he wanted them so badly......  They really look nice though!
B008VUJBLA Perftect My 6yr old loves them...and the fact that the black pair have white soles, means the school can't complain that his shoes make scuff marks in their oh so holy gym.
B008VUJBLA Daughter loves them - gets lots of complements too Christmas gift.  I had these as a kid. Great all purpose playground shoe. Tough, comfortable, good looking.  Suede doesn't look so great with a standard rough child's care though so be prepared!
B008VUJBLA Perfect These are great shoes and my daughter really loves the color.  The laces come undone easily so double knot them
B008VV0TJ2 Wonderful shoe. Shoes are awesome. My daughter loves the colors. They are so bright and eye catching. Plus she says they are very comfortable. She wears them every chance she can. Sizing of this shoe is spot on.
B008VV0TJ2 Puma running shoes for kids It's very light in weight and the design and colors are very appealing . My son loves it . He doesn't want to wear any other show besides these .
B008VV1KZE daughter loves her sparkle shoes! Shoes look great on her and the quality is excellent. We have always gone with new balance, but these are better quality and fun!
B008XAUJB4 4 year old loves it My little princess is always attracted to the horrible princess sneakers with vinyl like finish. I got her approval for this pair. They are very light, flexible and comfortable. She loves them. I would not buy her shoes of quality that I would not wear and this is definitely a quality sneaker. I would just recommend the buy a size up as puma's run small.
B009CNN4GS nice jacket My 12 year old son picked this out for himself and he loves it!  Good quality and style; seems well made.
B009CNN4GS It's Awesome and Then Some! Bought this for my 12 year old son.  He loves it and so do I!  Great quality and gets lots of positive comments!  Do it...buy it!
B009FD25EC Son Loves these Shoes My son loves these shoes.  So far they are holding up for a 11 year old boy.  He is very hard on shoes and these shoes are passing the test.
B009FDPVRK Good shoes My son says he feels like his foot is being hugged. Also loves the color and mom loves the price. We will see how long they last now.
B009FDPVRK Bought for growing son. While I am sure these will last for less than 6 months, they fit perfectly now. He said they're very light and he loves them.
B009FDR416 Loved it. Product is as shown in picture Bought it for my husband. He loves it! The colors are vibrant. Fits well and is comfortable. Product came as is shown in the picture.
B009FM6GKM Great shoe My son loves these shoes he calls them his loafers. He Says they are very comfortable. I made another great choice.
B009FMR6D8 HE loves it! my husband loves these pair of pumas i got him. he loves the design and that its hightops. IT fit him perfectly. Shipment arrived promptly and great packaging. Most of all he didn't believe the price. SOO worth it
B009FMRIS6 Perfect Great for school and outdoors. The man loves his new shoes. Thank you for sending it to us so quickly.
B009FN614C I Love them!!! I wish I could find a red pair!!  They fit great and everyone loves them.Thanks a bunch :) &#60;3
B009FN614C In love I eff'n loves these. They are perfect, everyone is asking where I got them from. I'm not telling. lol muah
B009FN614C In loves these wedge sneakers They are true to size very comfortable and stylish. You can dress them up or down. They are a great height
B009FN614C Nice Shoes My granddaughter picked these shoes out and I purchased them for her. She loves them, says the style, color and fit are great. All this from a 16 year old... this must be a good shoe.
B009KBNNVI Puma shoes My grandson loves them he picked them out and had to have a pair for his mom's house and one for his dad's
B009KCN4D4 Adorable shoes! We love these shoes but buyers beware that they are canvas.  They look like the sudeu that other Pumas are made from.  My daughter loves them, they ift well and are easy to put on.  We are pleased with our Puma purchases.
B009KSDDUM My daughter loves it. We purchased it for my 7 yo daughter for her PE class. But she will find any justification to wear it. Great shoe!
B009KSDDUM My daughter loves them Great purchase!!!! Good price, super fast shipping and the best part is that my 5 year old loves them and wants to wear them all the time.
B009KSDDUM Good shoes I bought these shoes for my daughter.  She loves them.  They are just as described and shown in the picture.  Quick shipping too.
B009KSDTL0 Perfect summer shoes! These are very forgiving to my sons chunky feet.  He loves these and wears them all day long.  Offered at a great price!
B009KSDTL0 Snazzy My three yo loves the colors and lightweight feel of these.Much easier to put on than her other shoes.The holes make it easy for air to flow.
B009KSDTL0 excellent delivery and product Excellent product. My daughter loves her shoes. I believe she likes the way they feel on her feet. Thank you very much!
B009KSDTL0 She loves these shoes! My daughter was very excited to see her new shoes. She put them on herself, and immediately  took off running.
B009KTR62M Cool shoes! get 1/2 size bigger I got these shoes for my 9 year old son and he LOVES them!. they truly are SUPER LIGHT! Just keep in mind that it fits a little snug, so get 1/2 size bigger if possible.
B009KTSEOQ NICE SHOES MY SON ABSOLUTELY LOVES HIS SHOES...HE SAYS HE HAS THE COOLEST SHOES OUT OF ALL THE 5TH GRADERS AT HIS SCHOOL
B009KUEOFS Love these My 5 year old daughter just loves these we bought them for school and she is extatic to wear them!
B009KUEOFS Nice colors Black and purple is a perfect color choice for girls goes with pretty much everything. My daughter loves it and where's it all the time.
B009KUFSIK Gotta love Puma! My grandson loves Puma and the color yellow so these shoes were perfect!  He loves the shoes, they fit well and are such good quality.
B009KVEDCG Great if you love green My daughter has one request for new shoes... they must be green.  When we first got these she was so upset it rained for 3 days... she could not wait to wear them.  She loves them and if you like green they are pretty slick and really pop for color.  the picture is right on with the color because these are a bright green.  The fit great and she loves them!
B009KVVXP6 Absolutely the best shoes I bought a pair for my son; he loves them!!  He wears them almost every day, because they are so comfortable.
B009LA8GFG Super nice This fabric is amazing. IT DOES NOT SHRINK a bit. It breaths very nicely. My husband loves Puma, that's pretty much all he wears now.
B009LACZ30 new shirt My son loves this shirt.  It has a soft feel and after several washes it is still as if it were new.
B009MNYG1U Perfect Pair I bought these shoes for my husband as a surprise. He loves them! They fit perfectly and actually look better in person. The blue is a nice shade, it's not too bright or too dark. the best part is that he has the option to wear blue or white laces.
B009MNYG1U nice shoes Got these for my man to support his shoe collection habit. He loves them. Fit great.
B009STNEF2 awesome fits like it should... son loves themlooks to be well made (not a factory reject..as I worry when I buy shoes online)
B009STNEF2 Amazing shoe! I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend.. He needed new shoes badly. I love puma so I decided to get him some. He has a wide foot, at first he thought they were too small, but after wearing them for a few days they streched out & he loves them! He gets compliments on the bright colors all the time, says there very comfy & happy I purchased them. Hes pretty active & wears them often.
B009WPDWLS Would buy again great t-shirt. son loves to wear  it. not to thick and pleasant to wear.I would defintly buy this one again.
B009WPII3K Nice soccer shirt My son loves soccer.  He got this in a medium and he is 10 years old and it fits well.
B009WPIME0 snazzy track pants My tall 7 year old loves this track suit.  Yes, they may be a bit long for him, but rolling the waistband works good for the growing boy.
B009XFYTCS nice looking shirt My 7 year old loves it. He says his body can breath in it. He's to funny : ) Very stylish too
B009XG1Z56 Thank you! These fit exactly to what their sizing chart stated. The shipping was super fast and my son loves these shorts. They are a bit longer which is exactly what we wanted :)
B009XG2ISO my son loves these shorts I got a 3T and my son is in a 3T shorts, he is 3 years old, they fit him perfect, we use them for soccer.
B00A0HDGAO Great shoe! My 10 yr. old son LOVES them! I did order a whole size bigger after reviewing the comments and they fit perfect!
B00A0HDGAO love these My son loves these cleats!  They are quite a bit higher than his last pair. they are comfortable and he runs fast! They seem to fit true to size.
B00A0HDGAO excellent service and product excellent service and product,  my kid plays on a soccer league and loves these soccer shoes the other kids like them too.
B00A0HDGAO My son loves them Good quality, nice colors, and fit well. My son will get a lot of good use out of them this spring for soccer.
B00A0HDGAO Great colour Great colour and fit, my son loves them, we can always rely on puma boots.I wish Amazon didn't require a minimum amount of words for these reviews!
B00A0HEKYK Perfect fit and great flex! I can't stand soccer shoes that do not have any flex, these have wonderful flex and were true to fit for my 6 year old.  She loves them!
B00A0HFT2W Puma soccer shoe These child soccer shoes fit great and are very durable.  They are also very stylish and my 9 year old loves them!
B00AAILGGY Good Deal The capri pants are a great deal.  My 8 year old loves then and has asked for more.  The quality met our expectations
B00AAKJ95C Perfect Everytime. This outfit is so cute! I bought several of these Puma outfits for Christmas for my 4 year old daughter. She wanted exercise clothing that looked like mommy's. (This stuff is way cuter than mommy's workout attire.)  I love that it fits perfect every time. We order a size 4 & it fits like it should for the style that it is.  She loves wearing them too. My daughter is almost 4 and half years old, 39 inches tall, and weighs 32 pounds.
B00AAMF6Z2 Good work out apparel I really like this outfit set. It's really great for soccer or any other work out at gym. I bought this set for my son. He loves it. He wears it to Crossfit kids. He looks really adorable in it.
B00AAMOPZO Our Eldest Son Loves Wearing It! It's very comfortable and looks great on our son.  He can't get enough of wearing it.  This year, Puma has had some great choices for style.  It's perfect for warm weather for us.  Perfect length for him as well below the knees for our 11 years old son.
B00AANIDQ0 comfortable Super soft cotton. My 3 year old loves this shirt. It is true to size and fits well. Holds up well being washed a dried a lot.
B00AAZOX0I Grandson Loves Puma Logo My 8 year old grandson is transitioning from size 7X to size 8.  This size 8 T shirt fits him perfectly.  He wanted a Puma shirt with logo and loves this one.
B00AAZPLOK Nice t-shirt My son loves this shirt.  The fabric is soft, the fit is great (not too loose or too tight), it washes well, and the neon really pops.
B00AAZPLOK love puma i got this for my 10 year old son for Christmas.. He really like this shirt, thank you A rating :)
B00AB0HOV2 Great Shirt for a good price Well made, great looking shirt. My son who is a soccer fan loves this shirt, the logos and printing is done well.  It fits right.  The material is breathable. Overall an excellent purchase for a young soccer fan!
B00AEYPNMM Fits perfect My 13 year old loves it.  Its fits as it should.  And it matchess the pants. Material is suitable for our climate.
B00AEYQV1Y Puma Boys Little Perform Tee Gray Size 4 This fits my grandson who is 2 1/2 years perfectly so is on the small side. He loves it and it holds up to constantly being washed.Would buy again
B00AOATXAO Puma Wedges i bought thesee for my daughter in College. She loves them. the fit perfect and are well made. she highly recommends them.
B00AOATXAO Makes A 9.5 Look Petite. This is a great looking shoe. Fits my wife perfectly. She says it's very comfortable. Her feet are pretty big. Normally a 10. These make her feet look more petite, which she loves. But I love her feet either way.
B00AOD8YMO Great Glow in the Dark Bought for my grandson who needs trainers with stability and to accommodate his flat feet.  He finds these great for his training runs nice and light.  Puma not well known in New Zealand but he loves them.
B00AOD8YMO 13 year old sized 13 shoes These were a good buy for my 13 year old son, he is very happy with them and they fit him well.
B00AODVKJI Just a little big They maybe a little big because the way puma runs.  Other than them being a little big my husband loves them.
B00AODW9HA Wonderful shoes! My son loves these shoes! The color, style, and fit are perfect. We will definately order shoes like these again!
B00AODW9HA Attractive shoes I bought I for my husband in his size he loves it,it goes with also most everything he wears but it it a little to small we did Not want to go through the hassle of sending back cause it would not of made it to us on time so he thinks it might loosen up after a few wear
B00AODW9HA I LOVE THESE SHOES I bought this for my boyfriend and he really loves it.... it looks even better in real and fit perfectly... i will definitely recommend them..
B00AODWHCC comfortable sneakers i bought these for husband for fathers day and it says they are super comfortable! he loves the fun neon green color too!
B00AOE0H0K Score!! Right fit..Right price..GOT these babies on sale for my son..He loves them..And they are holding up to the everyday wear & tear
B00AOH0UKO Good buy We live in Florida and my son runs hot. He loves performance clothes and this is his favorite outfit. He is very active and these pieces are enduring and wash really well.
B00AOMV7YW Great buy Bought this shoes for my fianc&eacute;e..They came the same day I was told and not only was it a good price but they look just like the picture and he loves them and I'm not exaggerating when I say he loves.. Not only they look great but they fit good as we'll
B00AOMV7YW Grandson loves them! Purchased these for my grandson's Christmas gift and he couldn't have been happier! They fit perfect and the stitching and design are perfect-no imperfections at all! Even paying the shipping they were $10 cheaper than in the stores.
B00AOMV7YW Nice! Ordered this shoes for my bf and he loves it. Perfect size too.But it was 1-2 days late that's why I rated 4 stars.-Rocio S.
B00AOMYC2Q Great! I bought them for my son and he loves them! It's a great deal when they are definately more expensive at a store.
B00AONVB5G Very nice!!!! My husband loves these, they fit perfectly and are very stylish, and would recommend them.But if it's for a man with wider feet order one size up.
B00AONVVMO Great shoes! Got these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves them. . The color, style and sizing is a perfect fit for him.. only downfall is they don't have much traction. . So will have to wait for snow and ice to melt before he wears them outside again..
B00AOOH730 nice shoe Bought for my son. He loves the look. Length seems right on. This shoe would not be called wide at all. Only time will tell of they will stand up to a 10 year old. Not a great price, but ok(45).
B00AWXSA4I great hoodie This hoodie was a Christmas gift for my son.  I got him a large and it fits perfectly.  The hoodie may run the little on the small side, but he loves it.
B00AWY5TQ4 My boyfriend loves these so I bought him two pair ... My boyfriend loves these so I bought him two pair. He is very tall and these are still long enough for him.
B00AY65V1I beautiful shoes The shoes are perfect. I got these as a Christmas gift for my son. I  was pleased when I received them. He loves the puma brand of shoes. The price was great too.
B00AY6NZDE Indeed very sexy look for my boyfriend Not only do they fit my boyfriend perfectly, but he looks sexy in them!!! He loves them an so do I!
B00B1E5NU6 LOVE THEM!!! My son purchased these and absolutely loves them! He is saving for more pairs. We live in rural Texas and he likes to be unique!
B00B1E5NU6 Great Shoe! Bought this for my son. He loves them! great looking and comfortable. True to size Bought them because I thought they could extend the life of his jeans. As he grows taller, he wears his jeans tucked inside shoe. No one knows his jeans are becoming floods.
B00B4YAC54 Nice cleats! Our 8 yr old son loves his cleats. Very well priced. Comfortable fit. We would recommend these to if you're looking.
B00B4ZZWJE Great shoe for indoor soccer My son LOVES these shoes. They're fun (PUMA) is written in big letters on the inside part of the shoe in the bright neon lime-yellow. They fit well (I ordered a 1/2 size larger than he normally wears since he's 7, there's a tiny bit of room to grow). He says they are very comfortable.
B00B4ZZWJE Good Deal I ordered one size larger based on the other reviews and they fit my son perfect. He loves the bright colors, and they work well for futsol.
B00B5013PK She loved them They where very stylest and she wears them had. She loves soccer and the will help her play well with a good pair of she
B00B5013PK Daugher loves it! Not only are the shoes stylish, but they fit great! My daughter is 6 and likes the way they feel when she plays in them.
B00B5013PK Perfect shoe for my daughter. She loves the look and I love the make of the product.  So far seems quite sturdy and can withstand a good beating.  Great value for the money.
B00B5013PK Perfect fit and great boot My daughter (5) loves these boots, great fit, they look great and wear well. She had Nikes that were ok, but she prefers these Pumas much more, they fit her feet better and she loves the pink!
B00B5013PK Great deal! Bought these for my daughter when I couldn't find shoes around us.  They fit perfect and my daughter loves them!
B00B5013PK Daughter loves them! Shoes are good quality and fit is true to size. The stylish colors and design bring her confidence in her soccer play.
B00B502OSA My son loves these indoor shoes! My son played indoor on a hard court surface this winter, and he absolutely loved these shoes.  great product, very happy with the purchase!
B00B502OSA Love this My daughter loves her pumas. they are soo darling, SUCH a BEAUTIFUL color!! so vibrant and gorgeous! people ask all the time where we got them! love them! the purple and orange is soo pretty together! My daughter loves them!
B00B503HRW Look Great Fit perfect, My son Loves the shoes, they look great and quality
B00B503JTS Unique Shoes My daughter loves these shoes!  She is the hippest little soccer player out there!  I got them 1 whole size larger than she wears now.  They fit great with room to grow.  Would definitely buy again!
B00B503JTS Fits perfectly The shoes fit perfectly and got here in a timely manner. My daughter loves them and its good quality for the price.
B00B503JTS Puma power cat 3 My daughter loves these shoes. They are a little smaller than other shoes but we ordered them one size bigger to compensate. She has worn them for 3 weeks now and the quality seems to be very good.
B00B504NFC loved them My daughter loves them. ....I didnt know that they would be different colors. ..a black one and a white one. ... That made her enjoy them even more
B00B504NFC excellent product thanks for a wonderful shoe, my  daughter loves them very much, great value
B00B504NFC Very nice shoes My daughter loves these shoes. They just as described and fit perfectly.  The only problem was the shipping with usps. They ended up being in our town for 3 days after ups handed them over to usps until they arrived.
B00B532Q26 Great shoes! My daughter loves these shoes!
B00B5ED00C Love these! I so loves these.  Super comfy and soft leather.  Great looking shoes!  I looked for these everywhere and finally found them.
B00B5EDEZI LOVE these I bought these for my 11 year old daughter, they fit perfectly and she loves them so much, so cute and great price!
B00B5GEZG8 Stylish and comfortable Couldn't get my son to stop wearing the shoe when he first got it. He even wanted to take them to bed. It fits well and he loves it.
B00B5GEZG8 My son loved them & he is 10 Very stylish. True to size & less expensive than similar styles. My son loved them & he is 10.
B00B5GEZG8 Great fit, look nice My son loves them.  They look great and have good wear!  My son wants to wear them everyday.  He's funny
B00B5GEZG8 Awesome Pair The shoes are true to size and my son loves them. I bought him these for his birthday and he adores them
B00B5HUIO0 Fun Stylish Shoe My 8 year old loves these shoes.  He had a previous pair from Nike in a similar style that were no longer in production.  I searched high and low for a shoe in this design with the colors he preferred.  The Puma has not disappointed.  He's been wearing them heavily for a couple months and we've had no issues.  He wears them to school or even indoor soccer and tennis.  The price was great and what prompted me to purchase initially.  Happy mom here!
B00B5HUIO0 hit with both mom and 4 year old son my four year old finally took an interest in picking out his own shoes, and originally picked out these same shoes but with laces.  the laces never stayed tied -- we were constantly having to stop and fix them, even if we used double knots.  these fit both of our needs:  bright red for him (why he picked the original ones in the first place), and super easy to put on/take off for me.
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoe My son loves his pumas he has a wide foot and these fit him very nicely great suede feel just like the adult version wish they made adults with Velcro
B00B5HUIO0 Love theses pumas! Brought larger size for future wears for my 18th old son. He will have these during the summer which is great.
B00B5HUIO0 My 3 year old loves these He was so excited to get his real soccer shoes. I think he's playing better now, also. But that's probably just parent's pride.
B00B5HUIO0 Awesome My son loves these shoes, and the color is so vibrant.  But boys these days like their shoes bright, so he thinks these are the coolest.  I love that the suede can be cleaned easily with a clean soapy cloth. Brilliant.
B00B5HUIO0 Happy My son loves his new shoes! His father has a matching pair so he is excited about matching with daddy :)
B00B5KOTYW Tooooo Cute and Durable My 4 year old loves her red shoes and Puma is the best for toddlers and young children.  Delivery is always on time with Amazon!!! I love them.
B00B5KZACC My Daughter Loves them! My daughter loves there. They are a little narrower than regular pumas. But very cute!Also they wash very well.
B00B5LHG82 love those Puma's!! My 6 year old granddaughter LOVES Puma's!!!  She thinks she can run faster and jump higher wearing them.  And, they are easy to keep clean.PJFlintstone, Ga
B00B5W0FHK Great My daughter loves this brand!!
B00B5W0FHK Great Kid Shoe My 6yo son loves these shoes.  Leather is very supple, and wears well.  Color is true to photo.  He is very happy with the look and feel of the shoe.
B00B5W0FHK My son loves them Bought them for my 3 year old son and he loved them since he laid eyes on them... he got really excited and now wears them almost every day... great buy!!
B00B5W0FHK Very beautiful I bought it for my Niece she loves it , she is a sneakers lover , so happy with this product !!!
B00B5W0FHK Adidas shows Perfect fit.  As all Adidas shoes they are narrow.  Plan accordingly.  They look great and son loves them!!  Overall happy
B00B5W0FHK Great product My son loves them, they are super comfortable and east to wear for kids who dont like shoe laces. Great quality and design.
B00B5W0FHK Just as expected! I have been buying Puma sneakers for my 8yr old son for a couple of years thru Amazon. My son had a size 1 that had grown too snug. I wanted to go a little bit bigger so he would have room. They arrived and the size 2 fits well with some room but not too bulky. My son requires a lightweight shoe which these Puma's are. Easy to clean with damp cloth and all previous Puma sneakers held well, including the Velcro which was an issue with other name brands. Ordering another pair in different coloring.
B00B5W0FHK Great shoes I got these shoes for my little one and she loves them. They fit perfectly and loves wearing them. They are true to size and great quality. I love the Velcro straps because she still learning how to tie her shoes, so velcro it's much easier. Overall, I would highly recommend them.
B00B5W0UUW my daughter loves these!!! My 5 year old aughter loves the style and colors of these sneakers! They are comfortable as well as stylish!
B00B5W0UUW Great shoes Bought these for my granddaughter. She loves them and call them her magic shoes. Great fit and very well made.
B00B5W0UUW Lovely shoes I just bought this Puma shoes, and my daughter loves them and feels very comfortable as well. I really recommend them
B00B5W0UUW my daughter loves it! a slight bigger than her normal size, but she will grow into it. she loves the color and its light on her feet.
B00B5W0UUW toddler loves them My daughters first choice when asked to get a pair of shoes. She thinks of them as princess shoes. They fit about half a size big but it is okay. leaves room to grow
B00B5W0UUW She loves these shoes I'm actually happy that the shoes fit somewhat small, because my granddaughter isn't quite into a size 8 shoe yet, and these fit really well.  She loves the shiny silver, and I love that the soles aren't really thick, so they're easier to walk in.  My granddaughter is 2, and I'm very pleased with the way she looks in and responds to these shoes.
B00B5WILDU Puma shoes My son loves his shoes and everywhere he go , everybody said  his shoes was cool ! I'm so glad I bought it &#128521;
B00B5WJRZ6 Would buy again Very stylish for my little boy. He loves them and he can get them in and off on his own. Would buy again. Love the Puma brand.
B00B5WJRZ6 Puma shoes I bought this for my son and I bought the yellow color for him which is turn out to be very cute and he loves it.Thank you amazon for faster shipment too .
B00B7LUG00 My son loves them. My son, the sneaker connoisseur, says they are incredibly comfortable and fit perfectly. He hasn't worn anything else since they showed up.
B00B7LVA8C Ordered for my son, He loves them!! Great looking shoes at a more than fair price! My son loves them! Very happy with the purchase! Awesome deal
B00B9ZDQA6 Fits and looks great I ordered these shoes for my son. He loves them. They look terrific and are light. He says they fit well.
B00BAXWTT6 We ordered more already! Despite some negative reviews we ordered the white in size 23 for our 19 months son, they are very comfortable, they look great, my son loves them (even more than some fancy suede shoes that he has!) and not only this, but with these sneakers my baby is starting to train himself in taking off and put the shoes back again, the velcro makes a fun way to do it and l never imagined that he could learn this new skill wearing them. Literally, when my son knows that we are going to go out,  (he wears socks only at home) he gets so excited about putting the sneakers, and he is now a 21 months old guy! so far, the sneakers have not get damaged at all, and we already ordered the black ones. We for sure, will keep ordering them when my son's feet get longer. THEY SHIPMENT IS ALSO FREE!!!! so, for sure, this is a very good choice for children running and learning.
B00BAXWTT6 Awesome My 2 Year son loves this shoes .. They look rich and fancy ..
B00BAZKORS They were a hit My daughter LOVES these shoes. They go perfectly with her puma velour outfits. They are a perfect match... Even though people complained so much about these shoes... We have none. Thanks
B00BBXN0RK very cute my daughter is tall for her age, she's only 2 1/2 but this size fits her perfect.  She loves wearing puma like her grandpa, she loves this outfit
B00BCI9BPE Great A Great shirt for my 9 year old niece. She loves it and its comfortable and she wears it often.
B00BEEOP02 Cool combo My son is 5, but not a big 5. The 6 is a little big but he'll grow into it. He rolls up the shorts and still loves wearing it. Great quality product.
B00BUV0XG4 LOVED IT! Would recommend this purchase to others!  My son loves his tee shirt fits perfect and is well made not cheap looking.Esmeralda
B00BX6YCFO Great Shorts My daughter loves these, were worn for her first season of Kindergarten Cross Country.  Thumbs up for a nice Puma running short under $15!
B00C6AH8J8 beautiful My boo absolutely loves it and I think it really looks great on him and am thinking about getting him another colour
B00C6BOILS Very cool shoe Finally a dope shoe appropriate for a 40 yr old to wear as well. Very comfortable and versatile my 18 year old sone loves them as well.
B00C6BPP10 Bought as a gift I bought them as a gift for my manager and he was so happy to get them and he LOVES them I haven't seen him wearing any other shoe lol and they fit him perfect and they look pretty good on him. and go by the first size not the second one. I was thrown off by the review about the sizes its the first one!! Great buy!!
B00C6BTJUS Great shoes! I bought them for my husband and he simply loves them! The quality is 1A and the price was amazing.
B00C6BUJDY Great Shoes PUMA has up their game. I love the improved womens sneakers. This sneaker fits great and looks great. Everyone loves loves the look. :)
B00C6XPMTS Perfect fit; great looking pant I bought this for my 6 year old son and they are perfect.  He wears them to school and they are cuter than sweatpants and not uncomfy like jeans.  An easy winner in my family.
B00C6XSH4K good purchase I always buy Puma clothes for my son, they are stylish and fit him very well,particularly he loves the combination grey-orange, This shorts are great for summer.
B00C70PMOU Seahawks colors My son loves this jacket. It goes with all his Seahawks gear. It is a good fit. Looks well made.
B00C70T3W2 Tricot set for a boy The mom loves it  and I bought it a little big so he can use it for a couple months.
B00C70ZRX6 Good-quality, lightweight athletic pant My son loves these pants.  They are really comfortable and he loves that they have pockets.  They were a little bit long so we needed to get them hemmed, but otherwise they were just what we were looking for.
B00C7GKRK8 My 4 year old son loves these pants!! The fabric is so soft and my son is sooo picky about fabrics. Excellent pants!! Soft fabric over elastic waist that gives a comfortable fit.
B00C7GKUN2 Perfect for your 10 year old If you have a child who loves to run, jump, hang out, these pants will give great joy. Well made, true to size, washes and drys very well.
B00C7HJN20 great for my son My son loves these pants.  I ordered a small and he wears a boys size 5.  I am thinking of ordering another pair.
B00C7HJN20 My Son Loves These Pants These pants were worth every penny. My son loves them, they are comfortable, nice slim fit and not too think so easy to move in. They great for little boys because they are easy to slip up and down in the potty for someone who is in hurry!
B00C7MZRZW Awsome I bought this hoodie with the matching pants for my 3 y/o daughter.  My daughter absolutely loves this outfit.  its fits nice and seems to be of good quality.  this product arrived on time and was a decent value.  I'd order from this company again.
B00C7MZRZW ver nice My daughter loves these pants.  She uses them to go running.  The Puma logo on the front had sequence on it.  Couldn't tell from the picture.  Great material and comfortable.
B00C7OJMBU Puma Girls 5 is a  perfect fit.My Grand loves this shirt. Fits perfectly and looks so good with her jeans.  I would always recommend Puma clothes for kids to my friends.
B00C7OJMBU Granddaughter loves Puma! She loves the color, very cool and fits well. Very satisfied with brand. Long sleeves are nice as she lives in northeast.
B00C7OK6YC Granddaughter loves this top Puma is a well established brand. My granddaughter loved the color and fit. Another great find on Amazon. Very satisfied.
B00C7VHPY4 soft and warm Son loves this jackey. It is true to size and soft and warm. Fur is thick and so, so soft. Ordering one for older son as well.
B00C7VHPY4 High quality - Nice Fit My son loves this. I gave it to him as an early Christmas present when the temp hit 1degree. He wears it alone or under his dads coat when it gets really chilly. Soft and warm
B00CAJR2NW Wonderfull Excellent shoes for my son
B00CAJRVII Perfect Shoes for toddlers My 4 year granddaughter loves these shoes that we just keep buying them!!! These are her favorites!!!! She grabs them always!!
B00CAJT9OW Awesome color My son loves his new shoes. The bright color is perfect for the upcoming summer and they stay on his active little feet with no problem.
B00CAJVONQ Just as expected No surprises here.  My son loves them.  He had a smaller size 4 Puma that he outgrew, so these were ordered.
B00CAJVONQ Very Good My son loves these shoes, he is very happy. I recommended this product. For the next opportunity I will buy again these shoes.
B00CAK2GAA Best buy It was an excellent purchase, the exact size, nice price, prompt delivery and good material, my 8 year old daughter loves it, it is comfortable and very pretty.
B00CAK2GAA Daughter Loves These Sneakers My daughter loves these. The color is true to the picture. Comfortable and fun sneaker. I would definitely purchase this item again.
B00CE6P0H6 great backpack my son loves this backpack the color is bright  and its a great size for school. hes gotten tons of complements on it.
B00CE6P7BA My Son Loves It. It  got here quickly and looked just as we'd expected. He's not particularly careful with things, being 14, but this seems to be holding up to being dragged to school, football practice...left on the floor of the car and getting stepped on by the others...Nothing to complain about here.
B00CEVR0YC Puma Kid  ........... I love it My  son loves  this  brand  and  they wash up so good !  He  has been in Puma  since  and infant .
B00CEVRH6S My Grandson My grandson was so happy to get these shorts, He loves Soccer.and the shorts fit it great. Nice and light weight
B00CFF5XCS Great pants for kids My daughter loves these pants. The fit is perfect and even though my daughter has a petite waist, the pants still stay up without any troubles.
B00CFF6E44 Would recommend these These are a very Nice fabric, and a good fit. My daughter loves these leggings! I would definitely recommend them.
B00CJ89SCM My daughter loves this I had an order for 10-year-old daughter.She likes pink~I bought pants and tops,  I like both!Also My daughter loves this
B00CJ89SCM Perfect Granddaughter wears it daily.  Loves it.  Have to beg her to let mom wash it.  Again I hit the jackpot with a gift.
B00CJA382Q Nice Bought as part of a put together outfit for my grandson for Christmas. He loves it and wears it all the time.
B00CJRPPIO very pleased 11 year old daughter loves them, fit great, wash up well, modest coverage for phys ed class... Keeps parents happy too!
B00CMOEJOA Best sweater for a 4yr old. It's a little big but I ordered it that way, so my daughter can wear it longer! She's loves it & material is awesome
B00CMOEJOA I love puma for my daughter I loved this hoodie, when I first saw it. It is a great fit for my six year old daughter well.
B00CMOF10G Perfect It Fits perfectly with room to grow cause its nice and stretchy, my daughter loves sporty comfy clothing and she lovesthese pants
B00CN5B73O Daughter loves it The material is a soft, medium weight blend.  My daughter has worn this numerous times and the fabric/stitching has held up through repeated washes. I'm pleased with this set.
B00CN5B73O My daughter Loves this outfit Fits really well, I wish the pants legs were a little wider, but their soft and my 2 year old loves this outfit, so who cares what I think..
B00CN5B73O Excellent This set is made with quality fabric, and fits well. Pleased with this set for the price paid and my daughter loves it.
B00CN5B73O comfy My daughter loves to be comfortable this is perfect for a fall or spring morning matched with a nice tank underneath for when it warms up outside, definitely recommended for everyone especially the picky kids
B00CN5B8BA MOM LOVES IT! This was a gift  for my 2-year-old granddaughter.  Her mom loves it.  It fits perfectly and is nice and comfortable for cool days and trips to the store or shopping.
B00CN5B8BA Great toddler sweats I bought a set of these for my 2 year old who is a little taller than most 2 year olds and they were way too small.  I upped the order to a 5 and they fit slightly big but they will last her at least until the summer.  They are well constructed and wear well.  the zipper is easy for parents and easy for  learning children to zip.  There is plenty of room for movement and my daughter loves wearing hers.
B00CN5BG9Y Perfect!! Fits perfectly, and really nice, heavy material.  My very girly five-year-old loves it!  I mainly wanted it for the jacket because for $25, I got both rather than spending that just for the jacket.  Great value, and great quality, can't get much better than that!
B00CN5CI9G Love it Its light weight and comfortable which is great for my daughter with eczema. She loves it and wants to wear it daily.
B00CN5CI9G Puma outfit My little girl loves her puma outfit! She got it for an early Christmas gift! Thank you very much !
B00CN5CI9G love it The color is fit for my kid, and she loves it very much. And the price is good,too! Thank you!
B00CQG7B94 My son loves it, but... I agree with the other reviewer, the material on this item is very thin, and the size runs small.However, my 7-year old loves wearing it to school.
B00D5NQQEI My son loves it Arrived on time. Nice fit. Well made. Colors are nice and bright. Matches the bookbag and shoes perfectly. My son loves it.
B00D9OZS88 Love at First Kick Shirt I bought this shirt for my 11-yr old daughter and she loves it.  Great quality, nice fit, and very cute.  It has been washed several times and still looks practically new.  I would definitely recommend this shirt for a girl who loves soccer.
B00DBDVDA4 Great fit and feel! Bought these for my husband as I also had bought him a new pair of  crossing training shoes he loves the fit,feel and quality of the sock especially the height of where it hits the ankle.
B00DBDVDA4 Son loves them My son really likes the socks he has them on his Elfster Christmas list and was very happy to received them Christmas.  Very nice quality and color.
B00DHJQ39S Wife loves them! My wife loves these shoes.  We ordered  a half size larger than normal and they fit her perfectly. Would recommend purchasing these.
B00DHJTW9G Perfect Fit- Light as air!! Excellent light weight shoe- These are my wife's first pair of golf shoes and she loves them!
B00DKMWLF2 SO CUTE WITH MY GRANDDAUGHTER'S SKINNY JEANS I bought this shirt for my 7 year old granddaughter. She loves it! The quality is good, the sizing is true to size and it doesn't shrink after washing.  I would recommend this shirt to anyone who has kids.
B00DOG4R2Y Satisfied Well I don't know personally, but I asked my 13 year old son and he loves them and says they're very comfortable.
B00DOG55AW love this color and Ferrari's logo my fiance loves to see my brand new shoes!if he is happy, im happy!
B00DOPGFM0 For grandson 9 year old grandson loves his new hoodie.  He's a bit small for his age and I think this size small will fit for quite some time.  Now he has room to layer with another garment if he wants.
B00DOPGFM0 Great quality, perfect weight I live in So. Cal. and this jacket is perfect for cool Fall days. My son loves it so that's the true testament to how comfortable and stylish it is.
B00DOPGL42 Good fit and look great Bought these for my 11 year son they fit and look great on him. He is hard to please he said he loves them
B00DOPGO3U Love it!! Perfect fit!!!! Son loves to wear it!!!!!  Never wants to take it off!!! :)  Will definately have to get more!!!!
B00DOPGOU8 Perfect Fit This jacket is warm and comfortable and my son loves it and the way it fits him. Exactly what he was looking for.
B00DQNT00E Fabric is soft and thick These pants are very soft and thick.  I also love that they are well made.  My only gripe is that my toddler son is lean, and the waist on these pants is a bit loose.  Still, my son loves them.
B00DRU70CQ Very Nice I got this for my husband for his birthday.  He loves it! It fits great and it is made of quality material.
B00DTW6UVY Good value Great shoe for my nephew. He loves it
B00DTX8UR0 Love Our son wears a 9 in Nikes and a 10 in Puma.  These shoes are SO SOFT.  I love them, and he loves that they are green like the Hulk.  He is two and can put them on by himself, so hurray for velcro.
B00DTX8UR0 Four Stars Great Shoe, my 26 month old loves it, easy on easy off!
B00DTZFZCQ Wide feet My son has really wide and fat feet and i always win with this style puma. These are really cute and my son loves them!
B00DU0P368 Love!! Shoes fit perfectly with a little room to grow! Shoes have major sparkle, which my 4 year old daughter loves!
B00DU0P368 Sooo glittery! My 2.5 yr old daughter loves them! They are sporty, and majorly sparkly!! She can get them off by herself which is a huge plus.
B00DUGLEYM My son loves these My son loves these and finds them very comfortable.  He is very picky and won't wear anything he doesn't find comfortable and he has worn these every day since he first put them on.  He even told me that the kids at school complimented him on them!  Very pleased!  He is the youngest and gets lots of hand me downs, so I was very happy to give him something brand new that he really, really likes!
B00DULBHY4 My son likes it very much. My son likes it very much. Will buy it again.
B00DULXWII perfect exactly what you see is what you get. my sons loves these shoes they are light and easy to put on great buy
B00DULXWII Happy Toddler My daughter loves her new shoes. Arrived within 3 days.
B00DULYICC puma kids athletic shoes My son loves this type of Puma shoes, he says they are light weight and makes him run faster :)
B00DULYICC Lightweight and breathable...great shoe! Had to order a half size up, but my son loves this one!  It is lightweight, easy to put on and the dark color keeps them looking great much longer than his light colored shoes.
B00DUM0OQA Just as expected Fits just as expected.  My daughter loves them.
B00DUTB6IS Great Christmas gift I bought this suit for my grandson for Christmas. He loves Puma clothes so I know he will love this outfit. When he wants to wear Puma clothes is what he picks. Can't wait for him to open it on Christmas morning.
B00DUTBRQO Cool set and great fit We get so many comments on this outfit when we're out. My son loves he color and it is a great and true to size fit.
B00DW2MBL4 Happy A gift and the grandson loves it.  Loves the puma and is a Broncos fan.  Two for one is great.
B00DW2MCPO Very nice! What a great deal and my 9 year old loves it! All he wears is hoodies!!!! and he's Sooooooo picky. He loves it!
B00DY6160A My sister loves it! I ordered this for my sister she loves it and it fits perfect! She is very pleased with the product. Thank You.
B00DY789HM PUMA Women's Classic Wedge Lace-Up, Black Electric I bought these shoes as a Birthday gift for my Granddaughter.  She loves them.  She was so excited, great fit and she adores the color.
B00DYRQBAO Great lightweight coat Daughter loves her new jacket. We live where the winters don't get super cold, so this will be a great winter coat for her.
B00DYRQD7U fit as expected and my daughter loves the coat Great jacket my daughter likes the fun bright colors. It is true to size. I would recommend to a friend.
B00DYXTPKQ Not sure on quality. My son loves this jacket, and it is a perfect fit. I am upset though because after the first machine wash on delicate as indicated, there is now a rip in he hood and the stuffing is sticking out. I am not sure what to do now.
B00DYXTXJO A-W-E-S-O-M-E-N-E-S-S Actual size is actual fit! It's a great winter coat, but light. My son LOVES IT and I highly recommend to others!
B00DZI24H6 Wonderful Bought for my grandson.  He loves it and keeps him warm going to school on cold mornings. Plus he loves Puma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00EDHUOZM Nice fit. Bought it as a gift for my 12 year old son. He loves it so much and has been wearing it upon opening the gift wrap. Clean sporty look on a budget and fits as expected. Would purchase again if available in women's.
B00EDOR4L2 She loves them! I purchased them for my daughter and she loves them!
B00EPEMDFC Too Small again the sizing was not as expected but I already bought it so I have to re-order cause the kids really loves it
B00EWO9DCQ Brother's Birthday I bought this watch for my brother for his birthday-and he absolutely loves it (it's even better looking in person).
B00EYNG882 Grandson is a Puma fan I got this a size larger for my grandson.  He can wear it next year.  He loves it and can't wait to wear it.
B00EZJDLPS puma -kids boys set Looks great. My grandson will love it. He loves the song rumor has it, but he sings puma has it
B00EZJDLPS Y'all are the best Amazon keep up the Excellent Work Because it so pretty and everybody loves it it was for my second grandson he look so nice in it
B00F5V04S2 Perfect My grandson (11 years old) loves this hoodie. The fit is perfect. His weight is average and he's a bit on the tall side. I wish it came in other colors.
B00F5YOHVE Perfect! Love everything about this. The quality was even better than I expected, and my grandson loves hoodies! True to size even after laundering!
B00F5YOTEO Great jacket, bad zipper Great jacket my 3 year old loves it but the zipper is too sticky so she can't zip it in or off by herself.  I thought it would loosen but she's been wearing it everyday since it arrived and it's just as stiff.  Otherwise well made and fits perfectly.
B00FJEQ2JU Husband loves Pumas I saw these online in a gold box deal and they fit perfectly.  He was happy to have them, they are exactly as we know when we go to the store.  We will get these again and again.
B00FMCASVM A little small My son loves the shirt but it runs a little small com paired to other shirts with the same sizing.
B00FMCASVM Cool shirt My son loves the bright colors and this was right up his alley. The quality seems fine. It is after all just a t-shirt.
B00FME64NQ Nice My son loves soccer and Puma stuff and was very happy with this shirt was the color he really wanted
B00FRK4QBW Love it! I bought this for my nephew who loves soccer.  I can't wait to give it to him.  I am really glad I purchased this shirt.
B00FRK5V0W Looks great! The fit and make of this t-shirt is wonderful.  My son loves it and I purchased the shorts to match and they look wonderful together.
B00FRK81HM Great, Durable Gym Pants! My son loves the pants, and the pants love him.  The quality fabric is durable and resilient!  This is a purchase I won't regret.
B00FRL3ZUE Awesome Shorts My 6 1/2 year old son absolutely loves these shorts, they fit great, look great, so he wants all the colors.  He is 48&#34; tall and they come down to his knees.
B00FRL3ZUE My son loved them I bought these for my son for soccer and he loves them.  He wants to wear them all the time.
B00FRL46GG Awesome! My son loves them and they look great on him.  I am going to purchase another pair in a different color later on.
B00FRL7U14 perfect my son loves this jacket. it fits great, and the colors are striking. it's perfect for the spring and early summer months
B00FRL85WC My son loves these pants! They're comfortable, well-fitting, and look great! He is very pleased with his Christmas gift. Just what he wanted, and the colors go well with many tops.
B00FRLWR8K Good price for a great T shirt! My 10 year old boy loves wearing this t shirt. He wears it very often. Cool, comfortable and looks great after many washes. Highly recommended!
B00FRRLHM6 Perfect Dress did fit perfectly and my daughter loves it. Will look forward to getting a sleeveless or other style soon.
B00FRU6A1G 12 yo loves it. My son loves the colors and feel of these shorts. He is on the tall side for his age and these are just fine. He is around 5'5&#34; and these come to the bottom of his knees.
B00FSKGP6U Puma Girls 7-16 Our 7 years old dauther, loves it. Well made and she goes to Zumba with it! Arrived on time and for the price, it was a ste...
B00FVYRD4G Great look My son loves these shorts. They are comfy, fit well, and look cool (his words). I love that they were a good value and wash well.
B00FW2AXQM Grandson Loves this!!! My grandson loves this outfit.  He told me the puma on this outfit is the fastest puma.  He wears a size 4T.
B00FW2C9IC Perfect  product! My son loves this tee shirt it fits great and doesn't look cheap like other tee shirts.  Love the design  and selected colors.Esmeralda
B00FW4N4VG Great pair of pants My son loves these pants!  They were a perfect weight for the chilly days we had on the east coast
B00FW696R0 perfect My son loves this shirt!
B00FW6QS26 Great shirt Fit like a glove.  My six year old grandson loves it.  His American friends not necessarily so.  Keep up the great products.
B00FW6RV5E pretty nice I only gave it 4 stars because the quality isnt the best but its the best for the price we paid. It was better than some of the shirts Ive seen at brick and mortars that were $70+. My son loves it and wants to play for the blue team.
B00FW6RVSG ItAlia This was for my son.  He loves it.  Great way to celebrate the World Cup.  I wish I had one for myself.
B00FW6S6KI Great shirt, my son loves it I was a little worried about quality, but we've washed it twice and it still looks great. It doesn't run small, but it's definitely got a trim fit like a jersey.
B00FW6S8GA Somewhat small, but nephew loves it We expected our nephew to grow into this shirt, but from photos it looks like it fits him very well. He absolutely loves it.
B00FW6SA72 Fits nicely on my 9 yr old son Nice jersey!  My 9 year old son has enjoyed wearing it - it fits nicely and washes well.  Good purchase.
B00FWVGP0Q My nine year old loves them but I bought the kit...as the shirt is sold separately.  The shirt fit true to size but the shorts ran large.
B00FWXD7MI Perfect! Ordered these for my 9 year old son and they are a perfect fit. They hit right below his knee.
B00FWXDM14 A nice jacket though a bit long My son loves this jacket. He does feel it's a little long but I ordered medium according to the Puma size charts I found on Puma's web page. He won't wear it much the next few months anyway so it should fit better once he needs it for Fall.
B00FXW626Q Jazmin Fit my granddaughter great for a first bra.  Excellent delivery.  Very well made and will purchase more when she grows.  She loves it!
B00GIS1P98 Love it Daughter loves this outfit. Fits great.
B00GISDDPM Rainbow shorts! My 3 year old loves mixing and matching clothes that are bright colors.... and so she loves these shorts and they look cute too! :)
B00GOMDGHM My wife loves them. her only complaint is the different color puma's, but she loves them and has always loved puma products for as long as I can remember
B00HEQWA4W Authentic t-shirt The best part of this shirt is that there are actuall small Ferrari symbols on the sleeves, and that there is a tiny Italian flag just below the neckline, on the back. These things add something special to an otherwise average t-shirt. My 11-year-old son loves this shirt!
B00HFTL0DU Great shoes! My son plays soccer three to four time per week. Le loves these shoes and never complains for anything. He had used other brands before and these are wider better fit shoes.
B00HHCKY8C Looks and feels great My boyfriend has been needing some new white tee shirts. He loves these shirts so much I bought two packs.
B00HSH997S Fussy daughter loves them. My 4 year old is fussy about socks. I thought these were going to be an issue when I saw them. I washed them inside out before she wore them and she has no issues with them. Happy not to be fighting about how the sock has bumps anymore.
B00I9GTJMM great fit I bought these for may dad as he loves them. He has been using the Puma whirlwind classics and other similar puma shoes for year, but he liked these the best.
B00IKDJYVA good buy we match!!! some loves this, and he loves to wear it with his red pumas to! good boy!! ! !
B00JR7FC4Q my son loves it this tanks are very good for hot days, good quality, cotton, my son is almost 10 and large fits him well, we bought 2 of them
