B0000V9NPC I love it! it looks a little bit bigger on the screen, but I love the shape of it and it is a HIGH QUALITY PRODUCT. It has both sporty and elegant look; exactly what I wanted. And I got a miniature puma bag with the order! Totally satisfied =)
B000HDH2Z6 Great! I really love it. Really love it. It's not too large but not too small. Go great with casual dress during this spring and summer.
B000IMS9MG Love them! I love these pants.  I got them in green w/dark blue stripes a year ago and I wear them all the time.  I'm wearing them right now!
B000IMS9MG Love these pants These are very comfy, soft, and warm puma athletic pants. The bright pinkish color may not be for everyone, it is a hard color to match, but I love them too much for that to matter.
B000IMY344 I love my shirt Thank you so much for my awesome shirt.  It's great....
B000K2KAB2 Love I love puma products so this sites was just an addition to my collection. Not much of an arch, but extremely comfortable and flat. I wore this shoes out until I couldn't wear them anymore. wear them with any attire love love them
B000K7EIME I would give them 6 stars I'm a huge Puma fan and these sneakers certainly do not disappoint. I love them so much I had to buy them in white also!
B000K7EIME love them I love these shoes, They are so comfy, LOVE THEM!! They look sporty and are made very well. Ill be buying more Puma's!
B000K7EIME love love love i love these puma's so much i brought them twice once the sole wasted out is when i got the second pair there so comfortable and easy to put on and when i had them i realized half of the waitress were wearing them because there comfortable. They were also great when i was pregnant and had a hard time putting on my shoes haha
B000R4XHRC Love my Pumas Great fit and it hey compliment my OSU gear! Gooooo Bucks... I love the rich red color and they are quite comfortable!
B000R4XHRC Need a smaller size I LOVE THEM!!!!But I need an 8.5.May I please exchange them?
B000R4XHRC Love PUMA Nice, comfortable, good looking shoe, gotta love PUMA!!!! Very well done, would highly recommend!!! Thank you Puma for another great product.
B000R4XHRC Love the GV Special Have this shoe in about 10 colors. Hopefully they keep making more color ways. I always order 1/2 size up.
B000R4XHRC Perfect Love the way my shoe feel on my feet. They are not heavy at all. Love the design all the way.
B0013THNAW Excellent I love this PUMA shirt I L O V E I T S O M U C H . .
B00173AILK Cheap and great I like glasses in that color, and I love Puma brand. It was the perfect combination for me: price, brand and color
B0019VKNSI Love Love Love this tank! I wish I could buy more of the same, I would, but it is now apparently unavailable for purchase. Sigh!
B001A5CQ6K Love puma boots Separate order, love these boots way too much!
B001B4WF7K Great price Love Puma shoes and you will not find them under 75.00 any where but here
B001B51W64 Love Man I love these shoes super light weight cool on your feet lets them breath and overall good looking shoes
B001B52VLO Love them I love this sneakers. They are sooo comfortable. I'm always looking for pink to put on so I can wear them.
B001B52VLO love I love my pumas that all I ever wear I bought three of these! and would def buy again best fitting shoes I've ever owned would buy again!
B001B534PQ A great buy These sneakers look really cute and trendy and are extremely comfortable. The one small problem I have is with the little nubs at the back catching onto the bottoms of my jeans. But it's not a huge problem at all. I love the sneaker and love the color. They dress up a casual outfit when you want to wear something cuter than regular bulky running shoes.
B001B57ZN8 LOVE these shoes! These shoes shipped quickly, were more than affordable and are a comfortable middle ground between a tennis shoe and a flat.  I love them.
B001CHCT4U beautiful sneakers I just love this shoes. The brown color is so dark and rich that make them look so pretty. They're very comfortable too.
B001CHCT4U I love this shoe When I saw the sale price I just couldn't resist.  The shoes arrived very quickly and I love the look.  Great product.
B001CHCTMC Great Shoes I love these shoes. At first I was a little unsure because I was not used to the fit. I gave them a chance. It seems as they needed to form to my foot. Now I absolutely love them and can wear them for an extended period of time (12+ hrs) without foot or back pain. It feels like I am wearing thick socks with soles. I did not go a size bigger and the fit was nice and comfortable. They are perfect!
B001CHCTMC love them i love puma shoes to begin with but these are awesome. they dont hug as much as puma shose usually do. great for everyday.
B001CHCTMC Love them! Love these shoes. So comfortable and light. A little tight on the toes on one foot but ordering a 1/2 size up would have made them too big.
B001CHEPW4 I LOVE these shoes. This is my 3rd pair of blue Puma suedes since 1995. I love them. Comfy, cool and hold up well.
B001CHG1YY Awesome Puma.  Love it.  This blue is EXACTLY what I wanted...true to picture (but prettier in person).  They come with fat white laces as well as the blue ones.  The puma mark is cream.  LOVE LOVE LOVE.  They fit as expected...I wear a 9 women, so ordered a 7.5 men... most of them on amazon are marked as both...if not, order 1 1/2 sizes down to get a women's size and with Puma that normally works.  These are good quality. I want more LOL
B001CHG1YY Puma Suede Classic The puma is everything I thought it would be. I love the color. They are very comfortable. I would recommend it. Great price too.
B001CHG1YY I love the shoes even though they sent wrong color. I ordered these pumas since its hard to find them around shoe stores around me. I was very excited to receive these, I ordered black but they came light blue. Fell in love with shoes but says little about packaging procedures.
B001CHG1YY Wonderful Great sneakers  they are perfect for what i needed. love the bright red color. i wear them all the time.
B001CHG1YY Really love it! :) Haven't bought puma for the longest time...like 7 years to be exact! This was the redeeming pair for me!!! I love it! Love the color. Love the fact that it has 2 laces - one red and one maroon! Puma's got me now again. :)
B001CHG1YY suede shoes They fit just right I love so much o told all my friends and family about them and their getting .
B001CHG1YY Love theses shoes have them in every color Very comfortable and have that nistalgic look I have them in every color. definitely get some you won't be disappointed
B001CHG1YY just classic puma they got some other color seude puma old school  classic love puma take to back in the day special in the 70 80 they be around for long time and still love them. special whent i use to break dance b boys love them i got other color classic still in the box they will never play out  they got more them 30 years i hope they don't stop making them
B001CHG1YY Love these shoes This is my third pair of Puma Suede, the second black one. I love these shoes. Really comfortable and cool. Thanks!
B001CHG1YY Love Old School I grew up wearing these shoes when I was a kid. I havent been able to find them at my local Puma store, so I purchased them here. Great shoes, just as I rememmbered. Love the low profile, look, and feel.
B001CHG1YY Love it! Amazing as I expected!I made purchase from Japan and the shipping was fast!
B001CHG1YY SICK! I love my Blue Suede shoes!  And you can't beat the price I paid with Amazon.  A+I'll be back for more soon.
B001CHG1YY Love the classics! I'm a sucker for all things nostalgic and these sneakers are all of that. Simple, good looking, and comfy like an old pair of jeans. Love the colour.Enjoy, a great deal.&#8203;
B001CHG1YY love the shoes! Bought these for my husband and he loved them!  Fit well and look soo nice:)Very satisfied!! Love the shoes!
B001CHG1YY Puma suede sneakers I love these shoes and they were a great price.  I've got them in several colors and everyone thinks they are cool.
B001CHG1YY Classic Since I was a teenager and now I'm in the early 50's  I love the design of this shoes.Go Puma!!!!!
B001CHG1YY Must get!!! Just what i was looking for! Couldn't be any more happier..comfy perfect for casual look. My hunny will deff love these.
B001CHG1YY Love the shoes Great deal!! I wore them the other day and they are very comfy. I hope to find these in another color.
B001CHG1YY love them I have always loved black and red together, plus they are suede, this is just one awesome shoe. Thank you
B001CHG1YY Perfectly satisfied! Love the fact that I was able to purchase most of my Christmas gifts online, and that these shoes were exactly what I was hoping for and I received them very quickly.  The size was perfect as well!
B001CHG1YY NICE I really love this pair. Fits very well for me. Recommended to everyone who love PUMA. This is a good quality.
B001CHG1YY I love my new sneakers They are tight little but that is expected for all new sneakers. I love the color. The price was good on amazon.I can't wait to get more colors.The best part is I know my size in shoes, sneakers and in boots so shopping is easy for me online.
B001CHG1YY Love it Great I got what I was waiting for and I love it like the shoes got them on time and they fit perfect
B001CHG1YY I love these shoes. I love these shoes. As comfortable as a pair of house slippers.  I cant wait to order some more.
B001CHG1YY I heart them both of them These shoes rock. Like slippaz baby slippaz. Ooooo yes live love live love what is with word requirement i am now done with
B001E1EJ1U Love them Love the sneaker. Very comfortable.  Pumas have always been one of my favorite shoes. Their look is unique, does not change.
B001E1EJ1U Great summer sneakers Timeless classic sneakers I love them they are very comfortable as well I bought them to go on vacation can't wait
B001E1EJ1U I love these sneakers! I've been wanting this sneaker for a long time but always felt they were too expensive. Got them now, love them...can't wait for winter to be over so I can wear them and not ruin them! I have worn them a couple times already though and they are comfy! Love them so much, definitely recommend them to anyone!
B001EIJJN6 Flashy shirt I get a lot of comments when I wear this shirt. I love the color of it and it fits great.
B001H0F0Q6 I love it and so does everybody else I bought these pumas because they were on sale. I love Puma, and I always wanted red shoes. I got these and I just love them, everybody has nice things to say about them. I took them with me to Brazil and everyone loved it there.
B001H0FDIQ I love these! I love these shoes!  They are very comfortable and light-weight.  I have received numerous compliments.
B001HX37RC Love it - but it is a lil too big I really love the bag,i bought it for college and at the beginning i felt like it was too big.. but after a few days i got used to it.. and i really love it, it is perfect.i can carry my books and my 13" Laptop and it looks sporty with style..i definitely Recommend it.. but if u're a short person u might think about it first 'cause u  may look awkward with it.. it's a lil bit big.
B001M4G0ES love my pumas! Got my shoes very quickly.  They are comfy, lightweight, and stylish.  Just what I wanted!!
B001M4G0ES I love the look...Do need to be broken in. I love the look and feel of these sneakers.  They are very comfortable and look great with jeans.  I did have to break them in because the tongue was digging into my ankel.  It only took about two days of wearing and now they are great.  Due to the narrowness of the shoe and rounded toe, I had to purchase a half size larger than I usually get.I received numerous compliments on these shoes...I would definitely recommend.
B001OOMNSI Love it! I bought those shoes and are exactly what I like!! perfect fit, support also. The color is nice. The size also fit perfect and exactly. No doubt to buy it!!
B001OOMTJ6 Most comfortable shoes! I love these sneakers! They are so comfortable that I got them in both black and white. I have been wearing them all summer long and I never tire.
B001OOMVHQ Flashy, fun and comfy I love these sneakers.  I've had someone ask me if they were vintage, they kind of look like they're from the early 90's.  They're super comfy and a great deal.  I especially love the gold!
B001OON2A6 i really really love these classics i really love these and the silver/black ones and all black ones and spy vs spy limited editions need em
B001VH6TOW great style of Pumas, comfortable My son loves them. They lasted well until he outgrew them and they still look new. Would recommend, love the Dark Denim color we got! I also love that they offer wide widths!
B001VH7YBE rainbow sneakers I love my sneakers. The colors are so pretty. They are very light and comfortable. The price was also amazing.
B001VKXFTG For girls who want to look good The first puma sneakers I got was the Puma Sequin, the sibling of this Key N Sneaker. I like the sequin a little bit more, but both models look similar and I have to say I love them. Even if people think I'm lame, I buy the similarly looking sneakers. That's how much I love them. I'm quite picky about shoes and sneakers. I promise that you will look good when you put on these sneakers.I've been purchasing three pairs of sneakers from Puma and the brand is in my comfort shopping zone, just like how you love The North Face jackets. The shoe soles are comfy. Try their socks too. And I'm a buyer, not one of Puma's employees who want to endorse the brand.
B001VKXHP8 love pumas I love these shoes. the only complaint I have is that the top of the plastic part on the toe of the shoe has ripped away from the mesh. The mesh (white) is hard to keep clean too. Other then that I love these show. They are comfortable & I like that the younge is sewn in on the sides of the shoe. Ya can just slip your foot in & go!
B001VKXHP8 I'm in LOVE I absolutely love these shoes!  I have major foot problems from working in a pharmacy years ago & I can actually run & workout on a concrete floor without pain afterwards!  They are comfy & stylish!
B001VKXHP8 I love these shoes they are so comfortable. I love these shoes because they are so comfortable. I love wearing them so much. I just fell in love with them.
B001VKXX20 Love Them Great pair of shoes! Love Puma and this product is no different! Feel great and runs true in terms of sizing! I go to IU, so the red and white was an obvious choice :P
B001VKXX20 Puma Love the shoes, but after one year of training they are falling apart. They fit and feel great. They just didn't last. Hate to see they go.
B0029NYYJ4 Love it I love this purse.  This is my 3rd of it's kind in various sizes/colors.  The paint is chipping already, which is the only reason this item got 4 stars instead of 5.
B0029NZ8GM Great!! I love it!!! I am trying to find it again. It might be a little big for some people but I love it...
B002C4JVMA Love my Browns Puma!! Are my fav sports shoes!!totally recomended!!Puma always make a differences!!love it the brown and turqueisse mix!The size is perfect too.
B002C4JWLU Love them.... This is my 2nd pair of Puma's and I love them - great fit,cool look, very comfortable - I will continue to buy Puma brand.
B002C4K9LC :-) I love this Puma so much that there is nothing i need to say it's stylish,comfortable and a great price what more can you ask for..............
B002C4KAIY Love These Love These. They are cheap, the look great and these sneakers go either way. For Running or wear em casual your choice. Great sneakers.
B002ECFBUQ Love Love my shoes. I love buying shoes, puma is my favorite brand of shoes an I got them for a good price
B002EL3EOC sneakers I love my puma sneakers they fits perfect and I have no problem what so ever, I recommend this product.
B002EL3KQE Perfect My daughter really seems to love Pumas, but these light up and that makes them amazing to her.  She love to bang them together when they are off to watch them light up.
B002EL3KQE Love it My son and I love it. The flashing light is extra. They are very. Comfortable too. Also, it makes my son run faster
B002EL3KQE i love it Tennis courts are comfortable and perfect for children i loved, the light worked very well and the size was wrong, the color is striking and modern
B002EL3KQE Nice product and kids love it Sized well but maybe a bit on the small side for size but not a big deal.  Kids absolutely love the illuminescence.
B002EL3KQE Love these shoes! I bought 2 pairs, one for my 2yo and one for my 4yo. They both love them and tell me they are comfortable. They look really cute and durable (they have gotten wet numerous times and are holding up great). The kids love that they lights up. I am really happy with this purchase.
B002EL3KQE Kids love 'em The cat lights up and the lights look like the cat's skeleton!  Are you kidding me?  My kids love these shoes, and my oldest wishes she could get a pair in her size even though she's WAY beyond wanting light-up shoes.  True to size, fit well and comfortable according to the wearer.
B002EL3KQE Love them! I have several pairs of these in different colors for my two boys, 4 & 6 years old.  They love them!  They are good quality and more attractive than the usual light up shoes.  I paid $50 for the first pair on Zappos, so amazon is a much better deal.
B002EL3KQE Love Puma shoes Order a size bigger than normal If child has a wider foot.  I love these shoes for my 4 1/2 year old.
B002EL3KQE puma shoes Already had the orange ones & love them both! Get comnents all the time when my 2 yr old wears them.
B002EL3KQE love gotta buy more shoes for my son from this place gave me a better price than any other store online or on the streets love them
B002EL3KQE we love those Hi,my kids love those sneakers.i wish they could be shipped to israel.i will order again for sure, when i'll come to visit.my kids love them.
B002EL3LZE OMG !! I was SO happy to see these sneakers, I wanted cute Sneakers that i could wear with pretty much everything. The Prices were GREAT! They were so affordable. And i LOVE these sneakers. i rate it  5 STARS ! The Sneakers were in GREAT Condition... Recommend this to EVERYONE
B002EL3LZE love love love these are the cutest PUMAS ever!!  friends have asked where I bought them-- they are so worth the price that I payed
B002EL3MCQ Love Puma These shoes were perfect for my 2 yr old. Easy to put on and take off. Look great. And clean up easy. And since the soles are more flexible, so much better for his feet.
B002EL3MCQ puma shoe Love these shoes...it is very easy for my son to change into them for gym class at school by himself.
B002EL3MCQ PUMA ROCKS! love it! my little girl just love it! Very Confortamble and high quality! and fit as expected, we love PUMA
B002EL3MCQ Great! Easy to wear! Love Puma for kids. I have them all! I would love to have more color options though:). Definitely recommend it!
B002EL3MCQ Stylish and easy I love these pumas I'm very picky with my kids shoes and these not only look great with shorts, My son can put them on himself with no prob. LOVE!!!
B002EL3MCQ Love it Love it. It is good. Dont know what to say more. It force me to write more and more. what u want me to say!
B002EL3MCQ Perfect SO EASY TO PUT ON A 2 YEAR OLD! He is a handful when it comes to putting on shoes and these take seconds. Love them!
B002EL3MCQ Excellent I love it, my son love it, looks like the photo in the web, my son said that is confortable.  Just Perfect
B002EL3MCQ PUMA Tune Sneakers These are a Christmas present for my granddaughter.  They look like quality shoes and she will love the colors.Marilyn D.
B002EL3MCQ Love them! I bought these for my toddler and they fit very well. They are so easy to put on and take off!
B002EL3MCQ omg i bought these for my 5yr old and i love love love them im goin to get her more when she needs a new size! so stinkin cute!
B002EL3MCQ Love Pumas While I love Nike, Jordans and now Reebok sneakers, I used them for sports/ sports activities.  Pumas are my going out sneakers for my son, they do not look bulky, they have that tailored prep look.  A button front shirt, long jeans and these.. CUTE. Have you seen those future cat remix,gosh I have those, I LOVE those too.  Bearing all that in mind Pumas tend to run small , go up a size.
B002EL3MCQ the way to go i bought this for my 1 year old he love it and my 11 year love it too i will get a pair for him soon
B002EL3MCQ LOVE THESE I have a tall just turned 5 year old with larger than a normal 5 year olds feet! We love the lightness and easy on easy off Velcro.  Shoes are hard to find with Velcro in the big kids size. Thanks Puma!!
B002EZZNPQ Great kickboxing shoe!! Love these shoes for a kickboxing class I do.  Every once in awhile, the top of my foot hurts where the strap goes across.  Love the looks and they are comfortable!!
B002EZZNPQ Simply love Pumas I absolutely love Puma shoes so as far as I am concerned they can do nothing wrong. The shoe is great and the service was super fast. The shoes run a bit on the bigger size so take that into account when ordering.
B002KAOLGC Fast service ecxelent product I love this item, low price better then other places, fast service and I love it the product I defenitibly would by with them next time.
B002KAOLGC I love it It fit as I expected and it is look like cool and it is convenient and also the other colours  are cool .
B002LH4RMM Love them!! I absolutely love this shoe!! But I wish there would have been a larger selection of colors of the outline of the puma.
B002LH4RMM I love these shoes I love a good pair of slip on tennis shoes and these fit the bill perfectly!  They were a touch tight at first, but after a couple of days, the leather molded around my feet like slippers.
B002LVUZN8 These shoes are AWESOME!!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes! I have gotten more compliments on them than ANY other shoes I have ever owned...and I have a LOT!! :)I have them in both the pink and the teal... The picture doesn't do them justice...they are a bit "wild" but GORGEOUS! :) I run about 15-20 miles per week in them, wear them to spin class and step class...and they show little signs of wear... They are well made and have good cushioning in the heel. True to size...I wear a 9 and 9's fit perfect! Buy em!
B002RT8H8O Love it This is my only one sport watch and I love it. The color is just perfect, the model, the design, everything. At first, it was difficult to set but then you learn it fast. I love it.
B002SSUUN4 Love these shoes! I am so in love with these shoes! They are very comfortable. And they look great as well. Very happy with my purchase!
B002WC7ZZC TOTALLY IN LOVE!! I have no words to express how much in LOVE I am with these shoes.#1 The were delivered FAST#2 Size = PERFECT#3 Color and shape = just as advertised if not cooler...Comfortable and soft like wearing a glove. RECCOMMENDED :)
B002X78OCO love these shoes!  I wear them to go to yoga.. Really comfortable flats...no ribbing to pull them tight around your heels which i love. i wear them casually to go to work out classes but not daily. Not sure how well they would hold up for daily wear given how flat they are. But I love these shoes!
B002YD8I1O I love these! It's the go to shoe for me. They are very comfortable and light, I only wish they weren't so pointy.
B002Z12RU8 LOVE THESE!!!!!!! absolutely love them! love the look and the feel and they definitely work with better movement and are very light weight..I ordered these for zumba and they are awesome...i am waiting on the black and pink to become available in my size so i can order them as well...I normally where a size 5 1/2 and ordered a 6 and they fit perfect with just enough room for my toes to breathe!
B002Z12SV6 Great shoes for work. I love these shoes. I bought them to wear to work where I am a lab technician. I love to wear flats but needed something with a little more support than most flats come with. I wear these shoes to work every day and I love them. I was a little worried about how they would stay on my feet, but they stay on perfect...no blisters or anything! I love them. Couldn't ask for a better pair of cute shoes to wear to work.
B002Z12VYU I love Puma I love puma shoes and these are as good as any other pair I have purchased in the past. .
B0031O0ESK Love it. I really love this watch and the overall look of it. I've gotten a lot of compliments on it. It was a bit confusing to figure out how to set all the dials correctly but once I had it down, it was great to have the day of the month and week on there too. Matches really well with rose gold jewelry.
B003BNY8QK great device love it use it at the gym all the time. I have run many half marathons and a full marathon with this heart rate monitor and works great. even at the gym the heartrate belt syncs with the tredmill. love it
B003BNY8ZQ Absolutely Love It! It was more than what I expected and I absolutely love it.Looking forward to purchasing other styles of the Puma watches.
B003BNY8ZQ Love it I really love this watch , it looks so good on arm and others love it as well, thanks , love it
B003EE49MY Love Puma I love adidas and puma shoes. These are a very nice fit and attractive product. Will buy another of the same color and other colors that are available.
B003EE7SSQ Great sneakers! Love my Puma sneakers! They are very well made and I love the retro vibe of them!  No problems with them at all.  I would recommnend these sneakers.
B003EE7XGS Very satisfied Love this shoe great buy for the money. Love the fact that they make this style for the little kids.
B003EE7XGS Love these shoes I love these shoes they fit good and they are reasonably priced and can be worn well with jeans or shorts
B003EE9O4W Puma My two  grandsons love them. I love the color combination. They have puma wamr up suits they got for Christmas
B003EE9O4W good My daughter love it.... and it fits good and everone love her shose in the family she also love the colors
B003EE9O4W CUTE!! The shoe is absolutely adorable!! Love the colors.  My daughter danced around in these shoes!! But she loves NEW shoes and she's only 2!! I love the new Pumas that are coming out this year!! Glad their on amazon!!
B003EE9O4W Love it! Beautiful, confortable! Just as expected!
B003EEH7NM Love, Love, Love this shoe!!! I have purchased at least 5 pairs of these for my sons in a variety of colors.  Super comfortable, very stylish for a Velcro style shoe and fits true to size.  I love Pumas for my sons and found that these do NOT run small like the other styles tend to.  These will not disappoint.  They will fit all types of feet from narrow to a wider foot.  If your child's feet are very wide, then these may not work.
B003FZJWW4 Great looking and comfortable as well I purchased these a while ago and love them.I get complements every time I wear them.They feel comfortable after walking in them all day.
B003FZKU5W Love these shoes! I love love love these shoes!  I was nervous to order them online since I had previously ordered a pair of Pumas that I didn't like.  But these are awesome!  Comfortable and super cute!  I get so many compliments on them.  Great buy..I'm happy!
B003IMJO68 My boys love these... They love the low ride aspect...styling means they are easy to match.  Price is okay, nothing to write home about though.  They do seem to be durable so far.  Time will tell though.
B003LY4WGA I love these shoes I love these shoes! I don't actually use them for soccer, but they are super comfy once you break them in and have quickly become my preferred pair of shoes.
B003MAJWCW Puma Lover is disappointment I am obsessed with Pumas and never owned a pair I didnt love. I dont love these and actually dont like them. They have a weird bottom that caused me to feel like I was walking funny while wearing them. I havent wore them but one time.
B003MAJWCW puma love these shoes. arrived quickly and are very comfortable. I have had many compliments on them and I would recommend them to others. I wear them to work where I am constantly on my feet.
B003MAJWCW LOVE I LOVE these shoes!  They are super cute and very comfortable.  I bought them to wear for golf actually and they work great.  My only negative review would be that they tend to make your feet hot since there really is not ventilation and they fit so comfortably. Other than that....Love them!  And I get lots of comments on them too!
B003MAJWCW love Puma I love puma shoes! I wear them till i tear them down to shreds - which is years. Super comfortable and stylish.
B003MAJWCW love the shoes Love the shoes! Very comfortable and seem to run true to size. I own these shoes in 3 different colors.
B003MAJWCW i love it The shoe I ordered fits as expected, what you see is what you get. I totally love it!!!!!Oh and I dig the re-usable bag my shoes was sent in
B003MAJWCW LOVE IT LOVE IT this was a great buy in my opinion.  It is comfortable and I feel that my money was well spent
B003MAJWCW Love them! I just L-O-V-E white sneakers in the summertime.  I have received many compliments on these sneakers.  They reel extremely light on your feet.
B003MAJWCW Love my new shoes I bought these and I wasn't sure about them at first but after a couple days of wearing them I love them!
B003MAJWCW Very comfortable These sneakers are very comfortable. I love them and highly recommend them to others. These are also great summer sneakers.
B003MAJWCW GREAT I love these shoes!  They are perfect for walking around the dental clinic; they're extremely comfortable and easy to wipe off.
B003MAJWCW just as pictured just what i wanted. just as pictured. great fit. love them and would buy more when i need them. thank you.
B003MAJWCW Love these shoes! Love love love these shoes! They fit true to size and are easy to clean. They're extremely comfortable, it feels like I don't even have shoes on. I love all puma products and would definitely buy these again.
B003MAJWCW i love my pumas I like pumas for comfort, their style is unique and I recommend this shoe and name to all my friends on facebook and in person....
B003MAJWCW Great shoes Love these shoes. They fit close to size and are stylish. I recommend these shoes to everyone. Love my pumas!
B003MAJWCW Perfect fit well order more in the future I love them they fit great just what I wanted thanks I'll order more in deferent colors for sure thanks
B003MAJZRE Women with big feet need pretty shoes too! I love this shoe!  Usually I have to buy men's white sneakers because I wear a size 12 women (same as 10 1/2 men's).  This is the first time since I was very young, that I was able to get pink sneakers, femine looking sneakers.  The fit is incredible.  They are comfortable.  Love them!
B003S9VKB8 good its a very close fit.i love it ,very light ,easy on my feet. the only thing is i find it tear to fast from the right side all the time.its the second one i buy and it tear the same place. but i love it and will alway buy
B003UBTQJW LOVE LOVE LOVE Exactly what I wanted. These shoes are great for an infant with a high instep or wider feet. They are stylish and comfy for my little guy.
B003ZYW0CO love it ! I love my puma watch. I wear it when I go to the beach, play soccer and just run around. its great for when you are surfing or when your in water. it hasn't gotten water in it yet and I work it pretty hard. only drawback is it stains after getting it dirty and is hard to clean off...
B003ZYW0CO love this This is an awesome watch the glow feature is blue, the buttons don't stick out at all so you don't get poked, the numbers are big and clear, and the date is shown also. Personally I love the bright blue, how it is all one color and that it doesn't have a ton of nonsense on the face!
B003ZYXUXC Great Product Everything about this item is FABULOUS.  I love the color.  I use it when I paddleboard, kayak and rollerblade.  Love the color and the large display of numbers.
B003ZYXVYU love love love! I wear this watch every day because of how comfortable it is. I have only used the heart monitor a few times so I can't offer an honest review of it yet. I got a few compliments on it already!
B003ZZ1CIQ Love. It. Thing works great, looks great. A lot of people notice it and I love how it doesn't absorb smells after wearing it for so long the way that nylon watchbands do haha...
B003ZZ1CY0 puma p r e t t y p u m a w a t c h m y girl love it
B003ZZ1CY0 Love it! I love the watch!!!! Would order another in different colors if they become available. I would tell my friends about this product and suggest they order also.
B003ZZ1CY0 love it great product. i love its durability. I'm a chemist and always working in the lab. its exposure to acids, bases, and all sorts of solution has not damaged it at all.
B003ZZ1D3K Beautiful I love this watch. The delivery was fast and the product is wonderful. It is a birthday present and I know they will love it.
B003ZZ3F7C Love it! I love this watch.  I use it at work - Im a nurse - and so far it has withstood many hand washings and purel scrubs! Its super cute too!!!
B0041D8L9O Puma purse I absolutely love the Puma bag. It's large enough for a busy mom on the go. I love the color and have gotten many compliments on it.
B0041SPMH8 I love it I love it, It was a gift for my self and I love it, size and Works perfect, the technology is really nice
B0042AMSWW FABULOUS!!!!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE them! The fit is perfect and they look AWESOME!! I would recommend this seller to EVERYONE I know!
B0042AN53S I love them so much The most comfy running shoes ever worn.I love it so much it feels like I am barefoot.They are very light and I love working out in them.. And Pink is just every girls choice so pretty and comfy what more do you need..
B00439GCEM Love the puma. I love these shoes. They are slim and stylish. They are comfy. One thing these shoes lack though is arch support.
B00439GCEM I love how these look - but These are comfortable and I love how they look - but it has a weird squeak. Not sure why - but since it's a little loud - I only wear these around the house.
B00439GCEM Very comfortable I love them they fit well love the colors and everything i wear them with pretty much anything =D =D
B00439GCEM love them These shoes are very comfortable.  They look stylish and I have received many compliments on them.  I highly recommend them!
B00439GCEM LOVE THESE SHOES!!!!!!!!!!!! Love the color and style of these shoes. They are very comfortable and can be worn all day. They look cute with anything you wear.  Would highly recommend these shoes.
B00439GCEM Love them I love them they are comfortable and look very nice on especially with jeans, make me look young without looking rediculouse.
B00439GCEM Love love love These are so comfy and cute. They have a bit more support than my other pair of Pumas. I bought a half size bigger than I normally wear since they do run a bit narrow and that was a good call. The color is really great too- they go with everything.
B00439GCEM Love these shoes Very comfortable and I love the look of these shoes. Have worn them for errands as well as working out. Would definitely order another pair again!
B00439GCEM LOVE Super Comfty, true to their size and long lasting.  I work on my feet all day and they are perfect!  I would definitely recommend to a friend!
B00439GCEM Comfy I love the wider width and the option of having a material other than only leather.I could probably have gone with a half size smaller with the extra width. I love this pair of sneakers.
B00439GCEM love my pumas I got these to replace my old ones. (wore them out) These fit great and are super comfortable! Highly recommend!
B00439GCEM Love my Pumas! I love the color, it's exactly as shown in the picture. Make sure to wear thick socks the first 20 times or so, until you have them broke in. The material inside is slippery and causes your heel to slip, thus causing blisters! Once broke in, all is perfect!
B0049J57OM Amazing!! These Puma Faas 300s are very light, and very stylish! I love them!! I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone and everyone! Affordable!!
B0049J57OM Love them As soon as I got these shoes in the mail, I started running with them, they feel great nd they let ur foot breath to, I love them
B0049J57OM Love amazon Not only do I love these shoes but the price was awesome. Shipping overseas came quickly and I have been extremely happy with my purchase....
B004CZCJA8 love love love i get so many compliments on these. they are super cool, i love boxing type shoes and these are perfect.it just so happens they are pumas and they're fashionable but i would have bought them without a brand label. also they are extremely comfortable and offer a lot of walking support.
B004DSPKL4 Comfortable I absolutely love these super comfortable sneakers. They are light and fit your foot like a glove and feel like you are walking on clouds!
B004E9S852 LOVE &lt;3 Got em for a lil under ten .. for a deal and the style we love em. Totally cute, name brand of quality .. keep em in the gym sack for school :P ..
B004EU33RE Really love it. The materials are comfort,The rubbers are good and no make scratch in my hand.No allergic.Awesome.Loved it. Love the lights.
B004EU33RE Love it I just love it. I had the other one before and my brother liked it and I gifted that to him and bought it again.
B004GB0SNS Pretty happy with these I've been in love with this general style of shoe (the slimmer, low-profile type) for the past 4 years, and have been very happy with this pair.  They fit a bit snug, which is common for these styles.  If you are into this style, you'll probably love them.
B004GB0SNS I love my shoes You get what you see, they make my feet look smaller, they awesome and very comfortable, besides i got them really fast.
B004GB0U6S Very stylish! I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and stylish. I bought the one in black and pink - these are classic!
B004GB0WR0 LOVE THESE SHOES If you need extra support and cusioning...THESE are perfect! I have two pairs.. in different colors of course! :) Love them! Perfect for running, biking, walking, and weight lifting! Love the yellow color too!
B004GB0XVA LOVE PUMAS I love these shoes!  Pumas are soooo comfortable and these are no exception.  They look pretty kick-a@@ too.  Thanks a lot!
B004GB11O8 Love these pumas Love these pumas and will be purchasing something similar really soon!!  The sole part that is white does start to peel off but these are my husbands only shoes so he wears them a lot.
B004GB11O8 I love it I love my new shoes. I can wear it on any pants like denims and chinos. 7.5 US size fits perfectly on my feet. I like the shoes released by PUMA nowadays. . .
B004GB11Z2 Great!!! Love the PUMA brand and the quality of their stuff. Fit well and was very comfortable on the feet. Thanks!
B004GB1242 A very comfortable shoe I love the shoes.  The size is as usual for sneakers, the style and fit is great, and they are very comfortable.  I would buy these again.
B004GB1242 Comfortable and look great. I bought the Black/White/Gum sneakers in 8.5D. The sneakers feel a little narrow and have a lot of cushioning, so I love them for walking but the cushioning is a little too much for running. They look great and I received multiple complements the when I wore them; the gum bottom on the shoes stands out less than the pictures would make it appear, which is fine with me. Love wearing them to work, the gym, any time I go out with friends but I would not strongly recommend them for athletic activities.
B004GB1242 Great purchase!!! Love Puma shoes!! Awesome on the golf course or at the gym.I plan on buying more color options. Thanks!!!!!
B004GB1242 Super comfy This sneakers are the most comfortable sneakers I ever owned.  For years, I searched for sneakers that didn't hurt my feet after wearing them all day.  Most sneakers have stiff rubber soles that don't flex much causing foot pain after a full day.  I bought a pair of these puppies about 6 months ago and I'm in love.  So much that I'm buying 2 more pairs in different colors.  Foot support is not one size fits all and I do suggest trying before buying at a local store.  Once you fall in love, try Amazon.com.  They do have the best prices.  LOVE, LOVE this shoes!!  New Puma fan.
B004GB1242 Love these shoes I wear a 13 and these fit perfect. Like custom slippers. They are quiet and comfy and I love the retro look. My wife does too. Want to get another pair and for $31 I probably will.
B004GB12U6 love these shoes! I ordered according to the sizing recommendations on the product description, and these were perfect! I love them--they're cute, comfortable, and look great with all different kinds of casual pants or jeans.
B004GB13IM Great set of sneakers Love them.  They are comfortable, the look awesome and the I love that they are bright red.  My only complaints might be that if you live in a state that gets legitimate winter they aren't very warm and have no traction in snow but thats what boots are for anyway.  Other than that they are great shoes.
B004GB13IM Love!! Spring is around the corner and I can't wait to finally use my new kicks. This color yellow is not to bright and not too much of a piss color. I love it!!!
B004GB140Y LOVE these!! These shoes are true to size and very comfortable to play in or just walk in, and very stylish, Awesome!
B004GB195E Super comfy! Love these shoes!  I bought them to do with Zumba.  I haven't started yet but had to try them on.  They are so lightweight and form fitting.  I Love these shoes!
B004GB195E THEY ARE REALLY COOL THEY ARE REALLY COOL LOOKING. Well made too. They are comfy, lightweight, and breathable. Just what I wanted!I ordered a half size up in Dazzling Blue/Limeade color.I love it love it so so much.
B004GB1A8U LOVE!! I love these sneakers. They are so cute. They are a little flat so I added a Dr. Scholls insert and they are perfect!
B004GB1A8U love them! I am so happy with these shoes. I usually wear a 10 so that's what size I got and they fit perfectly. I love the padded insole- I am able to wear them walking and when I go to the gym. They're so comfortable. I highly recommend these shoes.
B004GB1A8U the perfect gift I buy this for my girlfriend and she love it, the color and material are perfect, and of corse the price
B004GB1CN8 Love my purple Puma's I absolutely love my purple puma. They are so great to workout in because of how lightweight they are. Ordered half size larger for working out in. They are perfect!
B004GCJT96 Love love love One of my fav bags. Roomy easy to find stuff inside. Fashionable!!! Very durable. I've gotten tons and tons of compliments
B004GEAPBU I totally love these sneakers.  A must get. I loved my sneakers.  First, the colors are very cute, but the most important part is that these sneakers feels so light and comfortable.  It feels like you are stepping on a pillow.  I recomment these to anyone for running, walking, etc.  I train and run all the time and I love them.
B004GEATZ2 =) I love the sneakers it fit the kids good and when you order they come fast and they look great on my son love this sneakers. I deff think people should get them for there kids and for the price I pay it was all worth it. My son wears hem to school and he love itt
B004GEATZ2 cool Really nice shoe, will order others. Love the velcro and the great fit my kid is in love with them
B004GEAXIA awesome love these shoes!! inexpensive even compared to the outlet store. would buy these again for sure. another great deal on amazon :)
B004GNQIOE Awesome Great shoes got here on time I love Puma's!
B004GNQIOE I Simply love this sneakers I Simply love this sneakers, they are comfortable, at first they were a little bit tight but ones you start wearing them they feel very comfortable.
B004IWS0AS really cute i love this shirt and I love Puma but the shirt does come in on the small side. I would order it a size bigger and the shirt would be awesome!
B004J4X6CW Love these sneakers I love being able to slip on and slide off these shoes with such ease.  So comfortable walking miles and miles in the city.  The colors are a brilliant combination.  Great buy!
B004J4X6CW LOVE IT! I was looking for a comfortable sneaker for my Disney World trip last month. I have heard a lot of good things about Pumas so decided to go that route. After reading the reviews I decided to give them a try. I love them!! I got the blue/green ones and they are super cute and definitely fun! I love that they don't have laces and just slip right on. They were true to size and the elastic kinda has the shoe hug your foot for a great feel and great fit. I alway get compliments on them. But the best thing was they are sooo comfortable! I wore them every day on the trip and walked for hours a day with absolutely no complaint! Now Im thinking about getting another color. :)
B004J4XGRW Love them! I've had these gym shoes for almost a year and I still love them.  I wear them to the gym, not running, so they are perfect for my needs.
B004J4XMJ4 Love' Love' LOVE Em! These are the cutest flats ever, I love the color and they are surprisely very comfortable. Something that's kinda hard to find with these kind of shoes, I would never think you could get a pair of Puma's for such a great price, believe me when I say Amazon will become my one stop shop.
B004J4XMM6 LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these shoes!! These shoes are amazing, they are so cute and SUPER comfortable. I wear these shoes every day, they are so easy to slip on, and I love wearing them. They seem to fit true to size (I typically wear an 8, and the 8 fits me well, but only because I do not wear a sock with these). If I were to wear socks with these I would want to go up a half size. When I first got these, I was not sure how I was going to like them because they seemed to rub the back of my heal (I actually had blisters for the first 2 or 3 times I wore them), but then they stretched out a bit and formed perfectly to my feet. I wear them now literally every day without socks and they feel amazing and no longer rub on my heel or anywhere on my foot at all. The inside fabric is actually a bit satin like feeling, so they are really soft. I LOVE them and am going to be buying another pair very soon!
B004J4XMM6 Comfort Very comfortable. Love them. They give a lot of support. I am on my feet all day long and I can wear these comfortably from start to finish.
B004J4XMM6 Love love love these shoes Believe it or not, I go hiking in these shoes.  They are very comfortable while sturdy and durable.  Great traction as well.  And.... pretty and feminine at the same time.  I have a second paid in pink and white.
B004J4XMM6 Love! I absolutely love these shoes! They are so comfortable and fit great! They are much more comfortable than some of my other sneakers and look great too.  Delivery was sooner than expected as well.
B004J4XNNO love these!! I love these shoes!! This is my 4th pair/ I can wear these all day long and my feet are not tired!! Great cushion and pretty good support. Many of my friends have bought them too after seeing my colors!!Would recommend them to all..............enjoy
B004J4XNNO Puma flats! Puma ballerina flats!!!!!  fGreat shoes!! Very comfortable, true to size!  Love the color combination of black and white.  Will purchase again!
B004J4XNNO love love love These are the best work shoes ever! I'm on my 3rd pair. They are comfortable and work appropriate. Order a half size up as puma terms to run a little small
B004J4XNNO A+ I love these flats. Very comfortable and easy to slip on and off. I really like the way they look with black pants. I would buy these again.
B004J4XNNO Love these shoes Love that they are comfortable but more importantly that they are stylish.  I can wear them often and they don't look like they are tennis shoes! Love love love them!
B004J4XNNO looks great but runs small I love this shoe... super comfy and I love the black/grey coloring. But it definitely runs a little on the small-side.
B004J4XNNO Love the shoes!! Most comfortable and versitile for work and casual!  Definitely going to get the all black ones.  Can wear with Jeans or black work pants.
B004J4XNNO Love the Puma Zandy! I ordered my regular size and the shoes fit perfectly. They are comfortable and look great with jeans or a skirt.
B004J4XNNO Love these shoes! I love these shoes!  They are comfortable and stylish.  They are true to size.  I usually wear a 7 1/2, that is what I ordered and the fit was perfect.
B004J4XO5Q LOVE these shoes I love PUMAs! I have wide-ish feet, and I love that these shoes make them look narrower. They are not really a running shoe, however, but are great for walking and not extreme exercising. They are super comfy and the size was just right!
B004J4XQL8 Awsome shoes especially in dance floor I love this pair of shoe its perfect in shape n size awsome shoes especially in dance floor. Delivery was ontime also... I love it
B004KP726G puma i give this 5 stars cuz there the best shoes i have ever put on my feet i love them
B004KP73OC Awesome Fast shipping excellent product.Right size,right color,very comfortable.It was a present and my friend love it!Totally recommend.Great product!
B004PRWRRS Love them!! I love these shorts!!! They fit great, are extremely comfortable. A thick cotton blend. Thick, so not see through, which is good because they are white. The Waist band is comfortable and the ties are nice. I love the color tones on them. They are my favorite shorts!
B004R72BRC Love it I love this bag I want it in black, holds alot of my day to day things. I love that it is very simple.
B004SH2766 very stylish Love it! it looks good on my son. I would recommend it to anybody. I love Puma products for toddlers.
B004SKQTGW Love Pumas for toddlers I have bought Puma brand sneakers for my daughter since she started to walk. I love the quality of the sneakers. The sole is very flexible and comfortable, and the velcro strap makes them a breeze to slip on. They also wipe clean very easily. My daughter wears them to daycare every day and they are in great condition. I would totally recommend these sneakers.
B004SUANZU I just love it!!! The color is very nice, and the shoe is very comfortable. On the other hand this shoe is not built for hikes outside of the city and on stone paved roads (europe style).But still - love it.
B004T9HRAY perfect i'm a woman actually, and i love these shoes. they fit perfectly and i love the colors. might get new laces to de-manify them. plus they are cheaper than they would have been at the puma store.
B004TLAF9W you'll love these shoes!!! I love these shoes! Their cute, stylish, and comfortable. I get compliments every time I wear them!! The only thing that's kinda annoying is the heal rubs alittle after u wear them for a while, but absolutely not enough to make me not buy another pair in a different color!!! Worth the money!
B004TLBAI2 Loved the fit, love the design The fit is true to size and the design is great. I get lots of compliments every time I wear them.
B004TPDD8S Love! I love these sneakers! I could buy these classic Pumas in every color and be happy! Comfort and style! Splendid
B004UGP36G I love it This is a great shirt. I love it by its comfort and i love that color, it make me look like a teenager :)
B004V7HVPA Great Puma has done it again.  Love this sweatshirt.  Love it so much, that I have bought it twice.  When my son outgrew the first one, I bought another in a larger size.
B004VRIA5A My Pumas I love the feel and look of the Puma shoe. I think once you try them on, you'll love them too.
B004VRIA5A Love Pumas Comfortable, durable. Love the red on black look. All around good shoe. a a a a a a a a
B004WLEF6S GREAT KICKS! I absolutely love these PUMA Clyde suede sneakers. The color is exactly as presented and the size is true. Very stylish and comfy!
B004XD0NFW Love It I got this watch because I needed one with a seconds hand for nursing school and I love it! The best part about it is that it has the seconds written on it. It also fits really well, which is usually hard for me since I have tiny wrists (about 5 inches). It's worth the price, Puma usually is.
B004XD0PQY i love it! I love my new puma watch it has the perfect size perfect color and it is very practical... look very femenine
B004XD0RCG love it this watch is so cute!  i'm pretty hard on watches & it's holding up well.  love the color!  amazon was great - fast delivery.  very happy with my purchase.
B004XD0WEE Love it! I love this watch! It was the perfect size, not to heavy, and not too expensive. The only thing I didn't like about it was the screen for it was plastic not glass, so when I accidently hit it up against something it scratched. It was hard plastic though, so I only have one scratch on it!
B004Z0G6QS comfort I love these shoes. I usually buy adidas but I am extremely happy with these. They are very comfortable and snug.
B004ZIP5GW All that I love the shoes and color... Buy buy buy and you will love them. People love the style and color
B004ZIP5GW Too heavy, too bulky Have a few other pairs of Pumas, love them. These are very heavy, bulky shoes. Not a fan at all.
B004ZIP5GW great Meet all criteria, i recomend this item for dose ho love to run and love to go in the out doors
B004ZIP5GW Love these shoes. I bought them. Got them super fast. They fit great and are really comfortable. Love Streetmoda. They sale the best items and the best prices.
B004ZIP5GW great shoe, great price Love these shoes,  this is my sons 3rd pair and wont be the last. They are very durable and love that I can throw them in the wash when they get dirty!
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable shoes I absolutely love puma sneakers and this site made it so easy to get them and get them fast. Great service!
B004ZIPPEO Great shoes I love puma and this style and they are great only issue I have is winter they are not made for winter use unless you are indoors all day other than that I love them.
B004ZIT63U Love them! I bought these to go with my Bengals gear and I love them! Very comfy and stylish. I wear a women's size 7 and the kids size 6 fits great!
B004ZIT63U Love the shoes Great shoes!!! My kid love them, the colors are fantastic and pretty comfortable. I will buy them again anytime. Love
B004ZIT63U love these(: Love these shoes! They dont need to be broken in and are extremely comfortable. The colors really work together. Great for the price since you normally have to pay a whole bunch for pumas
B004ZIT63U Love these sneakers Great sneakers. My daughter says they're comfortable and stylish! They were exactly as pictured and fit perfectly.  I liked them so much that I searched for them in my size.
B004ZIT63U love puma only wear puma and love it. if you are on the fence wait no more jump on it..they fit perfect.
B004ZIT63U Love them Ended up getting 2
B004ZIT63U love the fresh style ********* My son love his new shoes * They are ok for running, walking or  any activity. Very nice fresh look
B004ZITHZC Love the Shoes! These look great on my nephew and he really enjoys them.  They are also well built and should last a while.
B004ZITHZC Puma Voltaic So much nicer in person, the colors are bright and look great together, my daughter is going to love them.
B004ZITHZC EXCELLENT i love it
B004ZITHZC &#9829; I love these shoes. I had to screech them out a little bit so they would fit my sons feet.
B004ZITHZC Love it Love these shoes so much that I want another pair for when my son's feet grow!! It's so hard to find cute sneakers for boys....
B004ZITHZC Classy sneakers I love the sneakers on my grandson, they look very classy, but they truly DO fit to size. Alot of compliments
B004ZITQ2G LOVE LOVE these pumas! sooo cute :) awesome little shoes! my son LOVES these! the fit is perfect ( we tried them on in the store first and went a 1/2 size up to be sure they fit through the school year) he says they are super comfy and he already got lots of compliments. love them, they look like they are made well and great price! we bought 2 pairs, got $20 off plus free shipping, you can't buy kids sneaks at payless or target for that price and they don't look and feel half as good! if you are on the fence about these, try on in store (even outlet stores cant touch this price) and buy from amazon. super fast shipping, received in less than a week!! awesome. im in love :)**UPDATE: not even a weeks worth of wear and the thread at the toe is pulling off, i was able to cut it and its fine, but still pretty dissapointed and shocked that would happen so soon with such a nice shoe, we haven't had any problems like that with any of our other pumas. just thought that was way to soon to be having it come apart like that! should probably return for another pair, but my son loves them and hopefully they don't pull apart anymore!!!
B004ZIVGH4 LOVE LOVE LOVE These are my favorite shoes and have held up well with over a year of wearing at work (I am a nurse so I am on my feet ALOT). Super lightweight and comfortable plus they are cute and I get lots of comments on their look. Would buy again.
B004ZIXBAY Love my Pumas! I love my pumas! have a wider base that fits inserts and are very comfortable! I have had them for about 2 years and they show absolutly no ware and are still very comfortable!
B004ZIXBAY Best Puma's Ever These Puma's are the Best. I am on my feet all day and these Puma's don't make my feet hurt at all. Love them!!
B004ZIXBAY Mixed on these. I love the look of this shoe and I love the fact that it can come unlaced and still stay on (the tongue does not move), but I am yet to find comfort with these shoes! I typically do not have to break shoes in, but maybe these need to be worn a little more before they fit my feet properly.
B0050U20TY LOVE THESE SHOES These shoes are absolutely adorable. I love these shoes for my twin girls as they are very comfortable for them and are very light. These shoes are perfect for little toddlers who do quite a bit of running around. My girls wear these shoes quite often and they have maintained their quality. I have never received so many compliments for a shoe before. Love love love these shoes! =) Oh, and the synthetic leather is not a problem at all as others have mentioned. Not one scuff on the girls shoes yet, and it's been about 4 months now. =)
B0050U20TY Runs small but LOVE THEM!! My daughter is an 8.5 and I needed a 10. Bought a 9 and had to exchange them. But love them!!! They have really lasted well.
B00517MAU0 nice My kid love this soccer shoes, he doesn't get to play much, but he wanted them anyway, so I'm not sure how they work in real field, but he love to wear them all the time.
B0051TJZTM Puma love these shoes are adorable and my daughter loves them. I couldn't ask for a better deal. I received them very quickly and the quality is perfect. She love the fact that she doesn't have to tie them.
B0053A2LWC Oh shoe, how I love you... I love this shoe.I wear it to work, because they keep my feet happy all day. I can wear them with black khakis, and I get tons of compliments. I wear it as a casual shoe, because it's my style and goes with a lot of the clothes that I wear. Also looks cute with jeans. I wear them running because they are extremely light weight, and that makes them easy on the knees. I love love love to wear them to Zumba, they are flexible, lightweight, and you can pivot on them quite easily. Just the right amount of grip on the hardwood floors.I am a size 10 medium, these fit me perfectly.The only thing that I would not wholeheartedly recommend them for is any sort of high intensity interval training, like a Tabata class. This shoe does not offer an adequate side support that you need for something like that (jumping, side lunges), which is a bummer.This might be a weird one off, but my shoes arrived with two different length laces. No matter though, they were easy to replace. I've already ordered a second pair!
B0053A2M3A Amazing shoes! I love this shoes, I had a pair like 7 years ago and I always love them, still I never saw the again since a few months back in amazon so I didn't waste my time and buy them, I still love them, they haven't change anything! they are really comfortable but be aware, I use them pretty much for the gym and a bit of running, but they don't have any support for that! you can surely run a few miles with them but after a few weeks you may feel uncomfortable... They are amazing shoes but use them for the right things.They are a bit expensive but worth the money at least for me, they fit perfectly and look as good as the first time I got them.
B0053A2M3A Perfect! I am absolutely in love with all that puma does! I had been eye-balling these for the longest time before I decided to make the investment. They are well worth it!The shoes are light-weight and perfect for aerobic workouts. The sole is very thin. I've tried them without socks, and you can definitely feel the wind between your toes! Surprise! Highly breathable. Very stylish as well! LOVE THEM!
B0053A2M3A Love, Love, Love These Did I mention I love them.  Light weight with minimal sole, perfect for crossfit type activities, weightlifting, etc. Very Comfy!
B0053A2M3A Light I just received my Puma training shoes and wow I love it so light stylish and feels so good when wearing them. The best Training shoes I have ever got. I love the light weight of these shose.Thank you
B0053YAH4M love my new shoes love it simply perfect for me, the colors the size, just perfect, took a while to receive it because I am in Venezuela, but at las i have it
B00542WIIQ I love my hoodie. Loved it. It fit perfectly to my body and it's my first hoodie and I'm in love with it. Everyone should have one.
B005543Z5S love the slightly small shoes although i love the look of these shoes, the next size up was not available, so i ordered these hoping they would work.  just barely.  look great though!
B005552422 my bf reallyyy love it its perfect, love the look, great fit, just rite I really have to buy a next one looking forward to it
B005552422 Love em. I love Puma shoes. I've been wearing them since I was 16 or 17 and they've always been the most comfortable. They didn't have what I wanted at the mall shoe stores so I thought maybe amazon would.  I was right! And for 30 dollars less too!
B00555AO2E love these shoes are trendy comfy and wear almost with anything. seriously one of my favorite sneakers. a work must! id buy them again!
B0055QR480 Amazing fit and variety of colors Superb fit and love the variety of colors that Puma chose for this shoes.It is so comfortable and very durable.
B0055XD8JM Awesome kicks! Shoes look exactly like picture. Very comfortable, and true to size. Cant find this unique style/color in the store. Love them!
B00569FWJ4 Love my Puma's! I LOVE these shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!! They are very lite andairy! These are true to size!! I had ordered the brownsuede ones (and love them too!!) they were just a littlebigger. These fit perfect!!! I am glad because I don'twant to wear socks with these!! Very comfortable!!!!!!and they are beautiful too!!
B00569G3FG Love it!! They fit as expected and the arrived on time. And most of all,  they look awesome!  Gonna buy this brand again in the future.
B0056WZJVC Love them! Still feel great after a 5 mile jog, these are lightweight & flexible.I love these shoes, they are great for all day or just your workout time.
B0056WZJVC Get a lot of compliments I love these shoes!  The color scheme works very well together (pink and aqua) and they are also very comfortable.  I get lots of compliments and so will you!
B0056YQYTQ Awesome I love Puma and these shoes are awesome.  I flat feet and these feel great and I get compliments all the time.
B0057DPSQG I LOVE IT LOVE THESE SHORTS THANKS THEY ARE GREAT. A A A A A  A A A A A A A A
B0057DPSQG Love it I love it i had a hard time finding the black and red puma boxer brief for a good price
B0057DPSQG love them great fit and very soft and made well. i like the colors and will buy again. buy a size smaller.
B0058XE334 the best love it &#8230;.
B0058XE334 Benecio These shoes are comfortable and good looking. True to size, I love them. I already own three pairs of these (different color).
B0058XF1V2 super cool love em! great pair of shoes! look nice! buy them love the leather. smells so good. its a great addition to my puma collection
B0058XF1V2 Awesome! Light weight and comfortable. Love the color, perfect fit. Simply an awesome buy. Puma rocks and I give it a double thumbs up!
B0058XF1V2 Awesome Love these shoes. They fit great and are light weight.  They hold up and stay comfortable....would buy again when needed.
B0058XF6Q2 Fast Cat Love these shoes... I also have the Speed Cats and these are just as comfortable but with better arch support
B0058XFJTQ Great! Great product! I love Puma shoes! They feel amazing from the first time I put them on. No breaking them in. True to size as well. Only gave 4 stars this time because there was an eyelet that came loose before I even wore them, but it does not effect their performance or quality in any other way. I love these shoes!
B0058XFJTQ Love puma very comfortable if you stand on your feet all day, light weight too. I love these shoes! Great for everyday wear
B0058XFJTQ great shoes Love, Love, Love these shoes.  Will have to remember the brand so I can purchase again.  Very durable and the fit is comfortable
B0058XFP86 Love them! Wish the other colors were in my size.
B0058XFP86 Comfy I love these shoes, so lightweight and comfortable! The style and colors are great too! I was at the gym and this guy couldn't stop staring at them.
B0058XFP86 Puma The most perfect fitting and light weight sneakers EVER!!!!!!!!!I absolutely love these sneakers, they totally remind me of being a kid
B0058XFP86 I love these shoes I love these shoes, buy them for my boyfriend and was delighted. It's a pretty good design, plus the color makes it look even better (I bought black). The size is just right and arrive at the indicated time
B0058XFP86 beautiful color! i love these shoes!! this makes my 5th pair!  the blue/dark grey/white are a little darker blue than the picture shows which is perfectly fine with me i absolutely love the color and the way they fit! like a glove. i have to order a half size bigger than i wear so take that into consideration when purchasing. however, these shoes are amazing and that is why i keep BUYING them lol. hold together well and perfect for nursing shoes :) puma rocks!
B0058XFYDC It is lovely style I love it so much and can just say for guys to keep on it with more leather style and color.
B0058XFYEG awesome I use to love puma shoes. I didn't know they were back I love them so I bought another pair
B0058XG1CA puma epic sandals I like feel the  of these shoes they are very comfortable. Love the way it looks on me. I'm happy i purchase this item.
B0058XG1CA love them I absolutely love these sandals. I wear them every chance I get. They're comfortable, although they run a little small.
B0058XGI5A just what  i wanted i would recommend  this product for anyone. i love it.  it fit so  perfect. I would want another  pattern of  this puma product.
B0058XGI5A Love em! These are easily the best Pumas I have purchased and I'm a Puma fanatic. They are comfortable, as always, and of course look amazing!
B0058XGI5A love the look, love the fit, but poorly made! My grandson was so excited when these shoes arrived. They look great and fit good. but in three days, the panel area where the laces go through separated. For the price is these shoes, this is not acceptable! I'd return them but can't find my packing slip.
B0058XGI5A love them i love them n they fit a bit tight as first...they are great...they are a neat pair of shoes..nice shoes
B0058XGLKC Super comfortable I love my Puma's and when I saw these for $40 cheaper than the website (this particular color) I had to have them.  Super comfortable, and oddly, I don't see they as being really all that stylish compared to my other pairs of shoes by Puma, but I always get compliments on them from other people.
B0058XGLKC LOVE them These shoes are great. I got them because I love the color and Pumas but when they arrived I fell in love with them. I use them for anything... they are comfortable enough to wear around the house, running and even hiking. I am very active and they have held together great. I will buy another pair when these are all done
B0058XGLKC Love it very nice shoes I love it.My feet never hurt no more so soft and easy going thank you so much
B0058XGWOC love them They are so comfortable love how they slip on an slip off was a lil worried about the size but they do run big
B0058XGZ94 Love These! I love Puma! I ordered these to replace a discontinued pair that I owned and wore out - these are comfortable and great looking.
B0058XH4L2 awesome Love the shoe! Fit is perfect. I smartly ordered 1/2 size big to make sure it'd fit and ahhhhh comfy!
B0058XH4L2 Love these shoes I have several pairs of these shoes in various colors.  I love them and wear them often.  They are comfortable and easy to slip on and off.  I highly recommend them.
B0058XH4L2 Good fit Love these, I was worried because some of the reviews said the shoe fits tight but they fit perfect on me, I wish I could find them in a different color.
B0058XH4L2 beautiful style but run big Is perfect style, but run very large for me I am 8 or 81/2 I love it my shoes is very comfortable.
B0058XH4L2 Comfort and style in the same shoe I love these shoes! Comfortable and quiet and I love that the insert keeps your feet dry.  No stinky feet after wearing without socks. I also have these in grey. True to size. All around great cross between flats and sneakers.
B0058XH5D4 awesome! I absolutely love these Puma's..the color is brilliant just like the picture and the fit is a perfect 6.5.  Definitely recommend them.  True to size & looks just like picture.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! I love these shoes! They are very comfortable and I love the colors! I felt the price was reasonable, and I get compliments on them all of the time!
B0058XH5D4 LOVE I love these Puma's they are great for running track or around town, I want one in every color :D
B0058XH5D4 Love the colors of this shoe! Comfortable fit. Have not had a chance to exercise in them yet, but I love the vibrant colors of this shoe. Worth every penny.
B0058XH5D4 Love! I love my new Puma's!  I am not much of a runner, so I tend to purchase shoes like this for everyday comfort.  These have not disappointed me yet!  They fit and feel good, although I did need a size larger.  I went to a store to try them on first before I ordered them at a better price!  Who knows?  They might just turn me into a runner!
B0058XH5D4 Very Happy Most comfortable pair of shoes that I own! Love the bright colors, exactly what I ordered, very happy with the order
B0058XH5D4 Love them! If you have ever purchased this style Voltaic, you would want to purchase the same size.  They all fit exactly the same.  I purchased the Blue/Fluorescent 8.5 and although they might look bright for some people they are just my style!  They look exactly the same as the picture the toe is a little darker then the a color blue I would've put but I still love them!  I also purchased the blue/black/silver for on occasions when I dont want to stick out so much.  Once again, love the style, love the feel!
B0058XH5D4 I Love My Pumas and Amazon I am giving it 5 starts beacuse i got them fast and easy , they are very nice and fit perfect, they were for a great price and I love working out in them !
B0058XH5D4 A comfortable as can be. Love the feel, love the secure fit, love the look. I'm going to order another pair or two. The new colors are perfect for the spring .
B0058XH5D4 i love it i use it more than one year. the black one is really good. it can keep clean and very comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 So great and comfy!! I love these sneakers, they are comfortable and I love the color even more.  I could not find a better price for them anywhere.
B0058XH5D4 I love my new Puma's. I got these for a great price at Amazon! I positively love My new Puma's. They are so comfortable. They keep my feet sooo warm on cold days. I actually forget I have them on.
B0058XH5D4 Love my Puma's These shoes are among my favorites! Puma makes Awesome kicks & I have lots of different styles & colors! Always exceeds expectations!
B0058XH5D4 Great running shoes I love them. I had the chance to try them before buying them in a store. I love the color and comfort.
B0058XH5D4 I love them! I really enjoy these shoes! They are true to size. I love the sparkles and the bright pink and purple colors!!
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes So comfortable and chick. They look amazing. I love puma. Highly recommend it. I own the black ones and I am planning to get more colors.
B0058XH5D4 Love the shoes!!!! Love these Shoes!!! Very Comfortable... 12 hrs on my feet in the hospital was much more bearable with these shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Pumagirl I love my new Puma shoes!  They are very comfortable and I love the bright colors.  These shoes tend to run small so order a half size up.
B0058XH5D4 Love this shoe!!!!!!!!!!! Love, ,love, love this shoe. It is so comfortable .Did have to go 1/2 size. Color combo is great.Want it in every color combo.
B0058XH5D4 love these shoes! Been wearing these shoes at the gym for a week and I love them! Just as described online and got them pretty quickly.
B0058XH5D4 COMFY!!!! Love Love these shoes I also ordered the blue ones I love both pairs they are so comfortable!!!!! I would so recomend these shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0058XH5D4 Comfort I totally recomend this product. Personally Voltaic Puma shoes are the most comfortable sneakers. I love them. Shipped as expected.
B0058XH5D4 LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! Prepare yourself- they are bright pink and really stand out, but if you're like me and into bold colors they're awesome!  They fit wonderfully and have the perfect amount of cushioning and support.  I Zumba about 5 days and week and bought these specifically for that and I am more than pleased with my purchase.  In fact, I love them so much I am planning to purchase more in other colors.
B0058XH5D4 Great service! I absolutely love these shoes. I wish I had known about how the flap in the front is connected, but other than that they are perfect, fit well, and I love them.
B0058XH5D4 comfy shoes I absolutely love these shoes and they were only $50 and very comfortable.  bad thing is i only had them a few months and left them in a hotel after a business trip and were never turned in.  i really would love another pair but can't find them.
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes These shoes are better than I had expected. I absolutely love them. I will be ordering more of these someday. Came ahead of time also.
B0058XH5D4 LOVE IT. LOVE IT. love the packaging it was very nice. price was good for the shoe, it looks great very stylish and trendy, fits great, true to size, great foot support. I got it for my friend, she was the envy of everyone. She loved it!!!
B0058XH5D4 Love these!!! Love the color of these shoes (I purchased the Pink/Violet) and they are very cofortable as well! Can not wait to wear them!
B0058XH5D4 Love the color and comfortable Great and comfortable, didn't expect the slide it with no room to wiggle but works for me either way. Love the vibrant color!
B0058XH5D4 I love it They are perfect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's all i can say. I would recommend them. They are so pretty and comfy and perfect!!!!
B0058XH5D4 LOVE!!! I love these shoes!! THey are so comfortable and great for wearing all day long and working in them. The price was perfect also! I would recommend them to anyone that loves pumas and comfy shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Perfect! I love these shoes. I work at a hospital and spend 12 hrs on my feet and these hug my high arches all day!!
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoe I LOVE these shoes! They are comfortable, light weight and stylish! I have had tons of compliments on them and many gave asked where I got them! I would recommend these to anyone!
B0058XH5D4 Love These!!!!!!!! These shoes are very comfortable and I love them; so glad that I chose these.  Obviously, they look awesome too!!
B0058XH5D4 LOVE LOVE they are super cute!!! And to me they are so comfortable only thing that I didn't like it's a little difficult to put them on! It may just be where I need to break them in but other than that I absolutely love them!!!!
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable! I absolutely love these shoes! They are so comfortable and fit so well! They are great! I highly recommend them!
B0058XH5D4 Comfy I love the look of these shoes.  I have a wider foot and they are a snug fit, but still very comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 yay love these shoes.  fit is absolutely perfect.  the color is somewhat different in real life than what is shown in picture.  more of a dull teal color when you receive them instead of the vibrant color showed in picture.
B0058XH5D4 LOVE 'em I've been very impressed with these shoes - great fit, very comfortable, and the color (blue/purple) was even more stunning in person!
B0058XH5D4 LOVE These shoes fit great and I love the color. So bright and fun! I've only worn them twice to the gym and they were very comfortable to workout in as well.
B0058XH5D4 Comfort I love the comfort, the color, and the style of these shoes. The cost was inexpensive, and they were delievered on time.
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes!! Love my new Puma shoes!  True to fit. Very comfortable. Didnt even need to really break them in. I'm on my feet all day at work and I can wear them comfortably all day no problem. Awesome color too!
B0058XH5D4 Amazing! These sneakers are great. They are so comfortable and I love the colors. They were an awesome price and they arrived fast. I'm so happy I ordered them! Definitely worth it
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoes....love them The fit is perfect, I wear a 7B. Love them, easy to maintain, give great support, feet don't sweat, all around good value.
B0058XH5D4 PUMA'S I love the comfort of Puma's. They are great! They are not as wide as a normal tennis shoe, so  consider this before purchase. I am definitely having to break them in because of the width issue, but I still absolutely love them! Plus they come in smaller and larger than average sizes!
B0058XH5PM Love em! I absolutely love theses.  I may buy a second pair. I get compliments on these shoes all of the time.
B0058XH5PM Love these! These are great casual slip on shoes.  I love the feel on the foot, like slippers.  Not great for support or any thing other than casual, nice looking footwear, but I love them nonetheless.  VERY COMFORTABLE.
B0058XH5PM Excellent! Love everything about these sneakers: the look, the fit, the feel.  Love that they slip-on and off - makes it easy to get up and go.
B0058XH5PM Love Them I could not be happier. They are comfortable and look great. I wish I would have found them sooner. They are worth every penny
B0058XH854 excellent shoes!! Comfortable, sporty looking. I love all the different colors. Have many pairs of puma. They are worth every penny paid.  The price is pretty decent.  I give 5 stars.
B0058XH854 Love I cant say enough good things about these shoes, I have them in four different colors and would buy more! They make my feet feel so comfortable at the end of the day! Nice support!
B0058XH854 Puma Got my new Puma's and I love them,,I use them only for my workouts at the gym,,,very satisfied with them :-)
B0058XH854 Perfect! Love them! I love these shoes! They are exactly as described. They are comfortable and I love that the tongue is attached to the side of the shoe. I hate when the tongue goes to the side and with this shoe, that never happens! I have been exercising for a week now with these and have had no issues. The color is exactly what it shows on the site.I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a good running shoe. They are made well and very stylish. I love my Pumas!
B0058XH854 love theese sneakers I love theese sneakers and they are very confortable. i love the colors too.I have wide feet and they fit perfect
B0058XH854 Tay First pair of Puma's and absolutely love them. Will highly recommend. I love the feel, looks, durability and price. Will purchase Puma's again.
B0058XH854 Puma shoes They're beautifull! I love them!! The color is amazing and it's look just like the picture! I recomended.  They look kind of big
B0058XHCDM Comfortable shoes I love this shoe very comfortable and stylish I received many complinents from both men and women puma rocks .
B0058XHCDM puma my wife love it this shoes the color the shape the style the material comfortable adorable  nd the price for this
B0058XHD86 love them They are light and fit to my foot so my toes don't cramp.  I love them!  Very happy with my purchase
B0058XHEBM Comfy but slim width If you have wide feed I'd suggest a different shoe. But I absolutely love these shoes. I wear a 10.5 but ordered an 11 and glad I did. Fit perfect!
B0058XHEBM Love'em! They fit true to size and are so comfortable it feels like your walking on pillows! So if your looking for kicks with style but also comfortable these pumas are for you !
B0058XHEBM GOOD ITS VERY NICE AND QUALITY TOO. I LOVE IT, SIZE TOO FITS VERY WELL TOO. I LOVE THE COLOUR TOO.
B0058XHEBM Romas are my favorite shoe ever Love these shoes, they last forever and fit my feet like a glove. Love my PUMA Romas. You cant Go Wrong with these.
B0058XHEBM Best one yet I love it well done.Good job puma I love you and we don't need to explain moor abut that shoes
B0058XHEBM I recommend Super quality sneakers, Puma didn't let down as usual. Fits perfectly, very comfortable, durable and fashion. I love it and suggest to those who appreciate comfortable shoes.
B0058XHEBM I love it Awesome!!!!
B0058XHEBM I love these shoes This is very nice perfect product, i love it.It's very light,soft, fresh and very comfortable, you can stand on your feet all dayand your back will never hurt. It's water proof, good looking and they very easy to clean.I put them on the very first day i got them and more than 5 people compliment meI 100% recommend these shoes, it worth the price and you wont regret your money.So hurry up and try it.
B0058XHGRE Puma I love Puma shoes.  They last a long time and are made for wear and tear.  I would recomend this brand to anyone.
B0058XHQMO Love the look, but they're almost paper thin I love Puma's and when I saw these shoes I knew I had to have them.  After getting them and putting them on for the first time I was really surprised with how thin the material was they were made out of.  I have lots of Puma's but none that feel like they might just fall apart after general use.
B0058XHQN8 love it! i love these pumas, good fit, good look, very comfortable.i would recommend this shoe for anyone, i only wear pumas.
B0058XIQNC Love Love Love This show is so comfy and I love the look. I get compliments all the time. It fits just right. I added a heal cushion and I feel that is it a great match with this shoe. Shipping was super fast! Would love to order again from this seller. :)
B0058XIQNC Great shoe Comfortable and easy to exercise in!! They don't hurt my toes like many other sneakers.Love the colors!! Shipment came fast.
B0058XIVRS nice shoes love the fit, very comfortable, love the color, if you have wide feet or your feet swell a lot you might want to reconsider buying these shoes.
B0058XIVRS Great service I love the shoes!! Shipment Arrived on time! Good service. Really comfortable! Love the red and design of the shoe!
B0058XJ0WI Love these I love these shoes and have gotten tons of compliments on them.  The are very comfortable and seem durable.  I highly recommend these.  I normally wear a 7 but ordered these in a 7.5 and they were just right.  Get these, you won't regret it.
B0058XJ0WI I love these shoes. I fell in love with these shoes as soon as I saw them. I ordered them and they arrived on time and perfect. When I first wore them, they were a little tight. After a few days of walking around they were broken in and felt amazing. I even wore them instead of tennis shoes on vacation because I think they are so comfortable. They are very durable and extremely comfortable. I ordered an 8.5, normally being between a 7.5 and an 8 because of the other review. They fit just right and I wear these literally everyday. I love them!
B0058XJ9VK shoes just as described. Excellent product. Size kind of ran larger. The product came with 2 different color shoe laces.Love it to wear it everyday.
B0058XJ9VK Love love love!!! The white sneakers are great for my lifestyle! I'm a Mom of two ( a toddler and a newborn) and its great to just slip these shoes on and head out to the store or to go to the park with the kids. And do I need to mention they look adorable!? I was also pleased with Amazon's fast shipping as well! We are military and live in Japan, and I ended up getting the shoes a week before Amazon said they would get here!!!
B0058XJJ88 Love them!! I absolutely love these shoes.  They are super comfortable and you don't even feel like you're wearing shoes.  They are very breathable too.
B0058XJJ88 Love these shoes! I absolutely love these shoes, but they no longer make 'em. Get 'em while you can! They don't offer the greatest support, but I love them to lounge around in! I'm also not a runner, so I have no insight to offer as to whether they're actually good as a running shoe.
B0058XJJ88 Love Love Love them! They are so light weight and excellent for the Gym. I love the color and plus they are authentic! The only reason why I gave them a 4/5 was because of the shipping! Ugh I waited over a week and a half for them! It seemed like they were never going to come! But they did finally and I'm glad because theyre great!
B0058XJJ88 Love them! 2nd pair - love them!  No support but good for kick around. Would not use for exercise.  Would buy again.
B0058XJJ88 Why can't I find more of these? I love these!  They are so light and they have great ventilation. I wish they were not sold out online.  I would buy many more pairs.
B0058XJJ88 Love my new shoes! Light as feather! Great wear! Love my new sneakers! It's very light and easy to wear. Tried this out in the gym on the treadmill and it works great! Although it's very lightweight, it was very comfortable and seems sturdy. Beautiful design and cute little eco-friendly bag it came in.
B0058XJJ88 Terrific Sneakers These are the only sneakers I can comfortably walk in. I love it that they are really light and above all, they look good.
B0058XJSEI love it I'm not an expert in sneakers or this type of footwear, but I really love these sneakers. These are the first ones that I've worn as a regular shoes as well as workout shoes. Worth it.
B0058XKUMM love em Love these. They are old school looking which makes me smile. Comfortable. I have received a ton of compliments on them.
B0058XKUMM LOVE THESE SHOES! I'm not a big Puma shoe fan but these I had to have! The colors are subtle yet pop, I would def recommend getting these shoes to wear all year round. Love them!
B0058XLB5W Love this! These are so cute, true to color, and comfortable.  I LOVE Puma flats they are always so comfortable.  I have problems with most flats because they rub my Achilles tendon raw, but these never do, which is why I own so many of them.  I will say that I am a pretty solid size 8, but I absolutely need a 7.5 in Puma flats (ALL of them).  They also tend to be slightly wider than normal so there's extra room there too.
B0058XLB5W perfect! Absolutely love these shoes!!! The color is just like in the pic, waiting for the pink to come out in my size.. A must have comfy shoe!!
B0058XLB5W Beautiful I love this shoes,the color is beautiful,and the size was perfect,are very comfortablethe only problem is they are very delicate.
B0058XLJQI LOVE LOVE I loved these shoes....... always got compliments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
B0058XLJQI LOVE IT!! Got this in three other colors because it fits so perfect. Love 'em. Super comfy. love this color also. I use them almost every other day
B005908V0M Love these shoes! I researched cross trainers and this was one of the top rated brands. Love the look and they are super comfy with enough support for a good work out!
B005908V0M Love my shoes! I was a bit surprised to find out that the tongue of the shoe was attached. So when it's brand new it is a bit tight to get into. It may have been in the description and I'll admit I may not have read it very closely. I actually love that the tongue is attached and I LOVE these shoes! I wear them all the time and have had them a year already and they aren't showing any signs of wear yet. I will be buying this brand again.
B00593I57S Love the color! I got this for the color and the price was good! The color is pretty much what's pictured and the size was perfect!
B00594E6ES Super comfy shoes. I have worn Sambas for the last few years and decided it was time for a change. I love these shoes. They fit more loosely than Sambas but not too much. I have had them for 6ish months now and they have worn well. I also love the suede on the shoe. I tend to not like the smooth leather look. The suede of this shoe is great and it doesn't scuff.
B00594EBKC A MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yes i know some of you might think that this product might be over priced for a pair of runners, but boy do they last, and feel GREAT!! i wear them to the gym every day, and they do not wear out, keep in mind i am not waering them in daily life, but ONLY gym. But still they feel so great and no strings and look fantastic!! love love love them! they came so fast and were in PERFECT shape!! A MUST BUY!!
B00594EP1M Love Them I love the sneaker/shoes. So comfortable, that I can wear them all day. I ordered the blue, which I love, and I also have them in black. I usually take a 9 but I needed a 10, so they're a small fit.
B00595GMHG I love the colors I received my order and I was amazed with the color and the look of these shoes. I love wearing my shoes so I find any occasions just to wear them. They are as nice as comfortable and fashion.
B00595IT2W Great!! Love these shoes! They even arrived 2 days earlier than I thought! :-)They are very comfortable and the size is accurate!
B00595JAYI Beautiful sneakers! Wow! I just recently bought this beautiful sneakers and I can't describe with words how comfortable and beautiful they are. I really love the design and the Ferrari Logo shown in one side of each shoe. Love it!
B00595JJFS Fun shoes, more for daily wear than exercise I love the colors, always get compliments when I wear them. I took them to the gym to jog on the treadmill and they didn't have great support, but perfect for everyday wear.
B00595JOOY Love these Love Pumas and they make some really good shoes that is not just comfortable but stylish too. Looks really good compared to the picture they have here. Gonna get the black ones too.
B00595JOOY Comfort and Professional - Love these shoes Love these shoes.  Have the black, brown, and now this steel grey version.  Comfort of sneakers and nice enough to pass as dress shoes in a professional/office setting.
B00595JOOY Great quality Love these shoes. Wearing them in the rain today, have kept my feet warm and dry. I am a size 10(USA), and the fit is perfect!!!
B00595JOOY perfect was a perfect present , he love it his new Puma's  fit as expected and  the made is perfect too
B00595JOOY love at first sight I LOVE these shoes! They are sooo comfortable!They look great. They fit great! I recommend them for casual or "smart casual" wear.
B00595JOOY Love my shoes Love my shoes, liked them so much that later I bought them in brown, excellent price, excellent quality, fit as expected, fast shipping, will buy again
B00595JOOY a new, HUGE fan of Puma !!!!!! love the style, fit, and comfort of Puma sneakers....ordered three different pairs....many compliments received on the shoes....will probably be ordering more!!!!!
B00599E1GQ Pumas They shipped fast, and looked great! I love how they are black and bright green. The shoes fit comfortably also. I would recommend buying from this site more often. :)
B0059BG5J0 Love these Shoes I love these shoes, I get tons of compliments about them. They look great, feel great, and don't wear down very fast. The sole is very soft and it's lasting a long time.
B0059BGKQI Love these shoes I love these shoes, they're exactly what I've been looking for. If you like the Puma Mid - Hightop style, this is the perfect combination.
B0059BJES4 Love these shoes They look great with bootcut jeans of any color.  Comfortable and as expected.  They are however just a bit too big.
B0059BJES4 Love it! &#60;3 they're so comfortable and I literally started wearing them as soon as I got them. Definitely would tell people to get this.
B0059BK29O Love Pumas Love Pumas, these are no exception. True to size (I wear a 9.5) and look nice on. Comfort is good, but not great which is why I gave it 4/5 stars. I would buy them again or in a different color.
B0059H28TK Love this shirt! Nice thick, high-quality cotton shirt. Lovely feminine fit.  Absolutely love the design! I usually have trouble with shirts being too short on my long torso, but this was a perfect length.
B005ADO4IQ love it I bought this for work, because the its has a larger face ,so one quick glance u know what time it is!! Love the color it just as shown and its pretty comfy
B005ADO8XM Love the way it looks, but it doesn't work well :( I was so excited to get this watch, I love the sporty look and the color, and I love how it is flat and doesn't get caught on things.....HOWEVER it resets itself all the time. I found myself having to reprogram the time and date 5 or more times a day! Not worth the money at all!
B005ADO97C I love it It is unique and stands out. I just love all puma products!! I ordered one for me and also one for my boo but a different model and I have no regrets!!
B005ADOB9S Worth the money Love love only down fall is the white gets grungy quick. I do love it has a light I do love it beeps once on the hour and I love it's water proof
B005ADOBFM puma g r e a t p u m a w a t c h f o r m e n i love it
B005ADOBFM Looks cool My son love it
B005ADOCQK As expected Works great, love the look and feel of it. Feels solid and definitely know it won't be breaking any time soon.
B005ADOLJ8 love it i love my watch i i am fan number one I am used  brand PUMA for years and i love it
B005CK4QE4 Cutest shoes ever These shoes are so cute.  I love them and my daughter wears them all the time.  I love them so much that I have purchased them in 4 sizes up so she can keep wearing them as she grows.
B005CK4QE4 love em I was very pleased with the shoes, and how fast they came. I love ordering shoes off Amazon, there so affordable. I have a 1yr old and I have to buy shoes often since he so grows fast.
B005CKB0WA I love it This is a good gift to my baby. I love this and the process to sell was easy and fast.
B005CKB0WA Advice from a Mother I love this shoes it fits my son perfectly. Not too tight and not too big or small. I will definitely recommend it.
B005CKHBP0 motherof2 I just love toddler pumas for my son. They always fit right. Love them. I would always recommend pumas over anything.
B005CVY9RW Shoes Love them!! They are so easy to put on and they stay on! I would like them in all different colors
B005CVY9RW LOVE THEM I absolutely love them. They're soft all around and my daughter doesn't seem bothered by them. She also can't get them off which is also nice. I purposely bought 1 size bigger so she can wear them longer.
B005CVY9RW love em It fits perfect, looks great, and my daughter seems to love it ! It looks adorable on my daughter. Great colots
B005DHNO9O Love it! Great quality and the price on here was much better than the retail outlets. I love this shirt. It's well made and has survived multiple washes through the machine. I'm a happy camper. :-)
B005DIRAFM Love it I love this Tee. It is light weight, and extremely comfortable for working out. I hate polyester materials and this is cotton. Very good for sensitive skin. I will buy more.
B005DTR72W Awesome shoes I got I love the look the feel and the weight of them probably my fav shoe ever I would recommend them to any man
B005HEJHYO puma These shoe are sweet. I love the classic look vs the modern look. Very light and comfortable. I will have another after these
B005HEJK3W Great shoes Love them, get lots of positive feedback. People stop me on the course to ask where I for them.Comfortable
B005HEKJTQ love so big that i almost put to much stuff in it.  fits very nice on shoulder and love the drink holders on the side. one for water & one for a shake!  i have two different colors i love this bag so much.
B005HELR1K Purrr..Puma! I love this bag...I use it for everything...weekend trips, tail gaiting, whatever...well made, must have for everyday adventures.Love Puma! So classic.
B005HEM8RW Love it This bag is just great , so soft and I justlove it wtmy Puma outfits , love it , love it
B005HEM8RW Love this bag Its spacious, I love the color and it comes with a shoulder strap! It was a great buy, I may consider getting it in another color!
B005HEMCUA Love it Love love love this its just big enough and lays just right for a cross body purse . Totally recommended
B005HEMSW2 :-) Love, Love, Love, Love, Love! Could pass for a man's bag too. I am very happy with this purchase. Looks even better in person. Definitely would recommend.
B005HEP57C Love them Loved them from the time I tried them on. Very comfortable, soft leather, sizing perfect and great colour. Highly recommend
B005HEP57C Love Could not find go,f shoes I loved till I found these. Not only did I love the look of the shoes they where very affordable and are very comfortable. They also shipped in a timely manner.
B005HEPGOO Love Puma! Got this backpack a few days ago and I love it, great quality and design. Puma like always makes great products!
B005HEPXDI Love them! Perfection I am just starting to golf (love it already), and I am so glad I ran across these shoes. I went to a certain sneaker brand's factory store and they had zero pairs on the shelves. Thankfully, Amazon had these and thankfully I have Prime. I was able to get these in a couple of days and wear them to the course. They fit great. I usually have trouble with Puma b/c they are cut small, but I got a 5 (wear a 7 in women's), and they fit perfectly with an ankle sock.
B005I19DJU Love the grey I have the steel grey and I really love how it looks like in these shoes. The only thing that bothers me is that the canvass on the toe part crumple some times. Still one of the most good looking puma I have ever owned!
B005I3A752 awesome! comfortable boot, excellent quality, tehya re exactly as pictured and very light but warm at the same time, i love love love them!! i will buy another pair in a different color!
B005IKIS9C comfortable I have been wearing these for over a year. I love them!!! I wear them almost everyday and they are still in super condition .I definitely would consider buying them again.
B005JKM3A6 I love it The best
B005LC5FTS Love it! Love it!
B005LCD60I Love these sneakers! Love these sneakers! Very comfortable and nice sneakers! Just what I needed!Got them in few days after ordering!Very good service! Thanks!
B005LCENV4 Love this bag Great for the gym, and tanning! Delivery was SUPER quick, it came the next day! Very durable material, and I love how the straps are thicker than the bags like this with the strings. Love the color too.
B005LCENV4 Love it! Love it! It is very durable the rope straps are thick! Perfect for work! You can't beat the price either!
B005OKFLLE Puma all the way I had seen this sneakers and love it because of the colours but  the comfort that came ith it was unbelievable  it can be worn all day without any discomfort very ventilated  and cool just love it
B005OKOICW love them These shoes are much better than I expected. I got them the next day, for 3.99 extra and i fell in love. I dont know how much they are now but they were only 24.99. LOVE
B005OMEGTA I love it and really a great shoes It fits perfect and received as expected and the colors are perfect, this is the second one to buy,  i recommend this shoestoeveryone.
B005ON2G96 Love the colors I love the colors of this shoe. I like that you don't have to tie the shoe. I don't like the tight and somewhat pointed toe these shoes have.
B005ON2G96 I love them!!! I love my pumas!!!  They are so unique, fit perfect, and the colors are great. I greatly recommended this product.
B005ON39OC LOVE THEM They are great! I am disabled in my hips and these are just great on my treadmill for walking but I could see them being just as good for running. Fit is perfect. Super comfy and the gel soles are very springy. Love the colors too!
B005OS7VPA Love! I love these sneakers. They are very comfortable and I can walk long distances in them. Made it a week in Disney with no issues!
B005OS839I Love, Love, Love Love these shoes.  My favorite summer pair by far!  They do need a little breaking in and you will have some blisters.  But after broken in (which only took one day of walking in them for me) they are so cute!!!  The best thing about them is the sturdy rubber sole.
B005OT0XFO Must buy it Excellent product. Love color. Not hurt my foot. Cozy for walk. With or without sock. Just love it. More..more. Especially this item not sell at my country. So, like find treasury.
B005OT0XFO Puma Sneakers I love the shoes.  They are so light on your feet, and have held up very well. The color and style are attractive.  I appreciate the way the processing and shipping were handed.
B005OTA9R6 Pretty Love my pumas. only tennis shoe I wear. Order a bit large and youll thank me.
B005OTA9R6 Puma Dance Fashion Sneakers, Charmaine I purchased these sneakers for aerobics. I usually wear size 8.5 but ordered size 9 since I would usually wear socks. They fit perfectly and did not make my feet look large. Actually the sneakers have a nice sleek look. I used them for the first time on June 11, 2013 and they were fantastic. The sneakers are light weight and cushioned inside which made doing my workout very comfortable indeed. The colors are exactly as they are in the picture. The fusia pink is nice and bright against the black. I also love the shiny black and the orange puma. I absolutely loved the red bag the sneakers came in. It was a pleasant surprise. My friends also fell in love with my sneakers. The quality is above my expectations and I would advise in buyiny these sneakers to purchase half size up if you will be wearing socks.
B005OTA9R6 Love the color I was thrilled to find this color combination as I love purple, they look very cool and are slimming to my feet (as opposed to most cross trainers, which make my size 9.5 wide foot look huge.)  Arrived very quickly.
B005OTA9R6 My views Because I love it and I'm going to recommend my friend and family I alway love puma sneaker and they fit very well.
B005OTA9R6 love puma anything i live in a small town and its hard to find shoes i like. i love how the shoe is not big or heavy and looks great with all pants and shorts
B005OTA9R6 They fit perfectly I love Puma brand because they have  long lasting shoes, the shape of the shoe is delicate and they are very comfortable.
B005OTA9R6 Love them I love them. They're sleek and supportive and comfortable. The shoes have a pointier toe than I realized they would but it doesn't look bad. I can stand in them for hours and feel great.
B005R49EI8 Puma the best !!!!!! I bought this Puma Lemon Lime colour on Amazon and my daughter who is ten years old love it!!!!.  I think the colour is very nice I love how the yellow matches with the blue around it!!.  Thanks Amazon !!.
B005R506IO Awesome shoes! Perfect!!! Wish my size was available in every color!!!!My kids love them as well! Definitely recommended, classics never out of style
B005R506IO My son love them. Quick delivery. My son love them.
B005R506IO perfect!!! Love the slip cover bag .. Will be building my collection of Puma.. Love their many colorful selection of sneakers.
B005R506IO Puma Roma Love, Love, Love this shoe!  I purchased it for my daugher to wear to school.  She say it is extremely comfortable and she received a lot of compliments from her friends.  You can't beat that!
B005R506IO sneakers The sneakers fits comfortable and the are affordable.  I would recommend to others to buy. I just love them so much.
B005R506IO too big not as i expected love the color and puma shoes butthis shoe came too big not the size i expected. also it look like it fit a boy.I returned them and got a full refund
B005S0PF1G Love These Shoes I bought these for my 5-year-old grandson and wondered whether they would actually look like the adult version. I'm happy to report, they are exact replicas and we both love them!
B005S0QEXE Love the color, satisfied I bought these for my 16 month old daughter, I love the colors, they look so cute on her. I'm happy with this item, I reccomend it!
B005S0QEXE Looks great! Love these shoes!  Wish I could keep the laces tied, or that the laces were just a touch longer for double knotting.  Otherwise, love the look, and he seems to love wearing them!
B005S0QEXE My kid is STYLIN! LOVE these shoes.  I'm such a HUGE fan of PUMAs and I love to see my little guy rocking them.His first pair of real lace-up shoes, and he wears them with pride.So far they are holding up quite well to the beating they are taking!!I would buy them again.
B005S0QEXE love them She like them they fit perfectly. Going to order more shoes for school. Thank you for everything. Have a good day
B005S0QEXE Love them Love themGot them super fast, my daughter wears them all the timePerfect size , I will look to buy more in the future from you
B005ZFCUIA great fit and comfort! Absolutely love these shoes! They were true to fit and very comfortable. I stand on my feer foe work and they are cushioned nicely
B005ZFCUIA love I love the shoes. Comfy and cute. I have size 11 feet and they don't make my feet look like monsters which is rare.  I would definitely recommend them.
B005ZFCUIA Love them They are amazing!!! I love them! Fit perfectly and came a day early too! And the price was exactly what I was looking for!
B005ZFCUIA Lightweight Airy!! They fit as expected I love the mesh fabric because they breathe. Also, they aren't heavy and bulky. I love my new shoes!! So comfy!!
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortalbe. Love it. I love this shoes by these reasons:- very comfortable- colour- fit my feet very well even I have a wide one.
B005ZFCUIA Great Shoed love it I buy this shoed to my gf and she love it are pretty shoes and are excellent for running and aerobics
B005ZFCUIA love my shoes Awesome fitting.. I could not be happier.. I would recommend these to any one and whey one. Thanks so much.
B005ZFCUIA GREAT SHOES! I fell in love with these shoes when i saw them on here. I had to wait a bit because they didn't have any in my size. It was worth the wait. Good comfy shoes, i have wider feet & they still fit comfortably. I love to wear them!
B005ZFCUIA Love it I ordered a half size bigger because I love the style and the color. Other than that its perfect for me.
B005ZFCUIA Love em Who doesn't love puma. These are true to size and so comfy they are great for every, running, working out etc. just about anything.
B005ZFCUIA Love these! I love these shoes. I haven't ran in them yet but I walked around in them for a while and they fit like a glove. The arch support is amazing and the soles fill so wonderfully soothing on my feet. Such a great buy. Color is excellent!
B005ZFCUIA Love these shoes I love these shoes, I bought them as a motivation to workout after having my baby and so far so good
B005ZFCUIA LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes.  When Amazon posted they were having a sale on Pumas I took them up on the offer.  I love how they fit and most tennis shoes, to me, need to be broken in, but these fit perfectly off the bat.
B005ZFCUIA Puma Women's cell Riaze Cross-Training Shoe LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.  Get compliments daily.  I'm a nurse, so my daily trek is mostly non-stop.  They fit perfectly, are very comfortable and are cute, and I'm very pleased.  Will probably get in another color combo.
B005ZFCUIA will recommend I absolutely love this shoe.I especially love the colors.It fits comfortable and feels really light when i run.just got it so i am waiting to prove its durability
B005ZFCUIA Love the color I love the color, but they are smaller than my usual size 7. Other than that I love them. :)
B005ZFCUIA satisfied shopper! So happy with my purchase.  They turned out perfect.  The exact color and perfect fit.  I LOVE my new pumas.
B005ZFCUIA Love these shoes Love these shoes. The only tennis show i will buy is Puma. I have narrow feet and these are great for me.
B005ZFCUIA love the color The shoes are just what I wanted, perfect size and comfort. My friends like them very much and my husband says they make my b**t look smaller, what else could a girl want?Spouse of Sam
B005ZFCUIA beautiful shoes! Absolutely love these!!! I bought these in black friday, so I got a really awesome deal! They fit amazingly ! ! !
B005ZFCUIA LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!! I absolutely love these shoes. They fit perfectly and as extremely comfortable. When you buy new shoes your feet tend to hurt the first couple days that you wear them. Well with these my feet did not hurt at all after standing on them for 8 hours. I love them so much i plan to buy the white and purple ones as well.
B005ZFCUIA Love the colors and comfort I loved these shoes because of the colors. I love this pink and mint colorway. They are very comfortable and just the right price. My size 9 fits perfectly.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome Love these shoes!! Shipment was on time and payment went smoothly!! I have some that are grey and purple too!!!!
B005ZFCUIA Puma Cell I love them!! Definitely worth the money. I normally buy at an outlet store but they fit great and are comfy
B005ZFCUIA love them I love these shoes :) they fit as I was hoping they would & the color is exactly like the picture
B005ZFCUIA Very pretty but it feels wrong. The design for me is perfect, I love the color combination. The shoes are comfortable but they don't fit that well. I feel like I got the right size coz it fits snugly but for some reason whenever I walk, I feel that my feet are going to slip out.
B005ZFCUIA love them! Love them! They're perfect! My brother liked them too, and he's SUPER picky. He obviously wouldn't wear them but he liked them for me.
B005ZFCUIA Love my new sneakers They are very comfortable and fit just right. Very happy with this purchase.
B005ZFCUIA Love! I got the sized 6 black/fluorescent peach ones, and I love them. I can wear them with or without thin socks, and they're very comfortable. I will say- I'm not much of a runner. I wear them to the gym, spin class, and working at the hospital. Being on my feet all the time, I can tell you these hold up. Very glad I finally splurged for these. Super cute too!
B005ZFCUIA Love It! I love love love this running shoe. I've been running for years and have never had a shoe so comfortable. It is light and airy perfect for summer. I love it so much I have considered buying 2 more pairs just to have them in stock!
B005ZFCUIA love my shoes I love my shoes fits perfectly I always have problems with shoes but my Puma feel good and I love the color will order again
B005ZFCUIA Awesome fits well looks great i love puma products -mens shoes can be little on the tight side but this is perfect
B005ZFCUIA I love em. I will buy again. Somewhat smaller than I expected but nevertheless I still love my tennis. Would buy more from puma for sure. Thanks.
B005ZFCUIA LOVE THEM!!!! I expect to get a lot of mileage out of these comfortable, adorable PUMAs!  The colors are hot.  The fit is perfect!  They are just oh so comfortable...
B005ZFCUIA Fit as expected My niece love them and fit as expected.
B005ZFCUIA Love the color I absolutely love the color and design. They are just a little tight on my feet but i hope they stretch .
B005ZFCUIA Shoes I love them!!! So comfortable. They fit great. I get lots of coplements on them people wanting to know we're I bought them
B005ZFCUIA Love PUMA I love these sneakers- totally comfortable and I love the colors! I will be loyal to PUMA as long as they keep making shoes that look this great and can stand my hectic workout routine.
B005ZFCUIA Puma shoes I love these sneakers so comfortable! And love the colors! I usually wear a 7.5 but got them in an 8 prefect! I would go a half size bigger when buying them
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable! I Love these shoes! The insides are so soft and plush! They fit perfectly and just feel great walking in them!
B005ZFCUIA Awesome!! I love this pair of sneakers!!!!! Fit incredible good and you can feel the difference while training, I do crossfit and while running, lifting and everything you feel and see that your workingout even better than before!!! Love these shoes :D
B005ZFCUIA I don't love them. I'm in love with them. It is like walking with memory foam pillows strapped to the bottoms of your feet. In a good way. Really.
B005ZFCUIA love these shoes irst pair of pumas ever and i love them great shoe i wear them to work for eight hours a day and feet never hurt
B005ZFCUIA Love them The color is amazing not to bright like shoes are now a day the fit was right on a little tight at first with all the padding but after wearing a day they were perfect.
B0066AIMF8 love it love it, i use everyday, the alarm is very powerful and design is very nice for me... i recommend !
B0069RLG4W Excellent I love this shoes because its lightweight, comfort. My girls love too and I bought 3 pairs, one for me and one for each girl.  They love too for the same reason confort and light
B006J7WSEY LOVE!!! Love these! Great cleats for my little girl's very first Upward soccer season! Puma contues to be a great brand!
B006JCTRDO Classic love I love these on my son, he hates them because the laces come loose. But they are heavy duty and have lasted through his rough ways
B006L269QU i love them these shoes are just perfect they fit wonderful they look amazing on and there very comfortable ...and the price is great i will be ordering another pair soon i just love them overall.....also the colors are beautiful ...a must buy ...dont think about it.... get them b4 they go u wont be sorry ;)
B006MWH1S4 best shoes These were the first Pumas I have ever purchased and I will never buy another brand these shoes are the most comfy shoes I have ever worn in my life!!!! I love the way they fit I love the look and I love how light they are
B006OG0FA4 Love the shoe got so many compliments, my golf buddies all wanted to know where I purchased them, and I told them amazon,very comfortable shoe love them, may have to buy another pair in a different color and the price is right.Thanks,JoAnn Oswald
B006OG0FA4 love them I love these, they are my favorite and very stylish and comfortable for long walks on the course. Highly recommend.
B006OG0FA4 Love! Love! Love! What else can I say - except I love Pumas!! Pumas tend to run a little smaller & I needed to order a size bigger but they don't look any bigger and fit perfectly.
B006PF0F5O Great outfit! Perfect colors. Love that its short sleeved cause long sleeved ones get too warm.. Sized right. I love the color.
B006QNQSV0 Comfortable & Attrative Puma rocks for attractive, super comfortable shoes.  I have purchased 3 different styles in the last month & love each of them.
B006QNQSV0 So many compliments I love these shoes.  They are light and comfortable and I receive compliments on the style and color every time I wear them.  I also have them in black and love them just as much.  This review is for the Wild Aster/Pool Blue shoe.
B006QNQSV0 Love this shoe I've bought this in a variety of colors - the perfect flat.  The berry color is perfect for spring. Tempted to get the green as well
B006QOI4L6 Love them I love these shoes as soon as I pulled them out of the environmentally friendly packaging. I bought them because they're stylish and I'd wanted a pair of what I call 'low-profile' sneakers for a few years now. They're exactly what I had in mind and I'm thrilled with the purchase.
B006QOIEY8 my fav's i love these sneakes they are very comfortable and i love walking in them i would love to get another color however the other colors were more money.....
B006QOIEY8 I love my shoe hello I'm from Venezuela I love shoes I'm very happy with them fit my feet used to go to work and are very comfortable cost a long time coming, but it was worth the wait
B006QOJ8PM comfortable Fits perfectly,  looks clean, comfortable. I can wear them with almost every outfit I have. Love the colors combined. Stylish
B006QOJ8PM I love this shoes but the n ext day I went ... I love this shoes but the n ext day I went to finish line and they were $25 Dollars cheaper.
B006QOJ8PM perfect my first puma shoes and it's amazing. I love it, fits perfectly and it's lightweight. I recommend it to friends.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome i love the look of these shoes the design the fit its awesome they got here in amazing time and very comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM Great buy! I love Pumas.  I have many different pairs.  These run just a bit smaller then my others.  Love them & they look great!
B006QOJ8PM love the style had a pair very similar to these and had a tough time throwing them away.  Got this when they went on sale through lightning deals.Love it
B006QOJ8PM Love them Fits perfectly and perfect for my workouts!  I would recommend these to anyone that like to look stylish at the gym :-)
B006QOJ8PM You will get compliments! I love these shoes.  Comfortable and sizing is pretty accurate for me.  Well worth the price! Just go ahead and get them!
B006QOJ8PM love first pair of pumas ever and i love them great shoe i wear them to work for eight hours a day and feet never hurt
B006QOJ91U Amazing fit! I work in a dental office, so I am on my feet all day. After reading some other reviews about the shoes being better for walking, I thought I would give them a try. I love them, they are very comfortable and at the end of a 10 hour day, my feet are not screaming for help. I would definitely recommend to someone looking for a good walking/standing shoe. I love them!
B006QOJ91U Awesome Sneakers Very comfortable sneakers. Love the design and dressy appearance. The quality of the sneakers was great and I am very happy with this purchase!
B006QOJDAW my faves I love these shoes! I wear them all the time.. perfect fit and so comfy! I constantly get compliments on them as well.
B006QOJSXE love puma, but not these I bought these in Black /Red to add to my collection but had to return them because they are cut differently than the other 4 pair I have. While I loved the style and fun color options, the cut across the top of the foot is shorter, does not stretch, and digs into both top sides of my foot. The 9 I usually wear was also bigger than previous similar Puma's. While not a sneaker girl at all, I am on my feet at work with my new job and love these shoes for their comfort and sassy style alternative. Love the others, just disappointed in this particular shoe.
B006QOK6TY great sneakers Love these they are so comfortable.Feels like you have nothing on your feet. love the colors they match anything you wear.
B006QOK6TY lovin'  pumas Im a 7.5 and got an 8 which fit perfectly . I love the color and the look of these shoes! :) I would definitely recommend them .
B006QOK6TY Very funky Very confortable and can be used in different occasions (gym, park, play with the kids). I love the color too!
B006QOK96Y fit with comforth Love, love, love! this running shoe it was all i wish for and more comforth and very lite on my feet.
B006QOL57G perfect sneakers colour is just as stated love it perfect I will buy another pair for my daughter she love it also my niece
B006QOL57G my new fav I love Pumas. This is a great addition for the spring. I've gotten lots of compliments.They are very light and fit well.
B006QP1URU Love this shoe Love! So comfortable. On my feet for ten hours and my feet feel great. I will only buy puma shoes from now on
B006QP1URU Love these! I wear size 8, bought size 8 and they fit just a TAD tight around my toes, but I love that about these shoes. Very comfortable, and look amazing. I work a semi-casual job and I wear these regularly.
B006QP38XY Verry happy I love the shoes.they came quick and I love the way they fit and the way they look they are cool I would buy again
B006QPLVA6 Love the boots Love the look, fit and feel.Would recommend and purchase another pair but in a different color.  good job PUMA!!!
B006QQ0WYG love these shoes. I have two pairs of puma,s and I love them both. This pair more streamlined to fit my foot, I always wear them before and after work to give my feet the comfort and support they need. Recommend them highly for people who stand all day.
B006QQ14NY in love well i purchase this for me, it was perfect the material quality  Works perfectly really like it! in love of it
B006QQ18MQ love it it was a gift for my father and he absolutly love it ! nice colors and always fashion Puma never fails
B006QQ1B3W Puma Men's Drift Cat 4 Sneaker,Gray Violet/Steel Grey,8 These shoes fit as expected. I love Puma shoes, especially those that are suede uppers. I have a couple of other pairs of Pumas and love them all.
B006QQ1C5E I love it I love my puma Drift Cat  4 shoes, so nicethe black color is so beautiful, looks like original item
B006QQ1C5E very stylish Love those shoes, fits perfect, goes with anything. My friends are starting to get on the PUMA wagan right now.
B006QQ1DAS time tested Street approved I love these shoes. They are very reliable.  I've had them for several months an use them constantly for dancing and battles.  Needless to say many things have happened to them and they look just fine.  The material really allows for easy cleaning.  It's a great shoe to have. I lOVE Puma lol
B006QQ1DUI I love them. Since the first time I saw this shoes on the mall I fell in love with them but they where kinda pricy, now that I found them online I didn't think it twice to buy them and I love them.
B006QQ1HZ4 !!!I love it...:) !!!Great fit and feel..Easy to wear and take off shoes for every day practical uses...I love these shoes....thank you so much...:)
B006QQ1HZ4 Love these shoes. I bought these shoes for my fiance and he loves them. They are very comfortable and the style is great. I love them on him.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great!!! I was afraid about this shoes when I made the purchase, but when I got them I love them ,
B006QQI3ZQ LOVE!!! Love this shoe! Well made and very comfy and I have received numerous compliments on them.  Overall I am very satisfied!
B006QQI76Q Puma Fast Cat Sued Love the shoes .  Love Em.  I wear a 10.5  but I knew they ran big so I ordered an 11.5  perfect fit.
B006QXPX9I LOVE my new Puma hoody! I bought 2-3 Puma hoodys and LOVE them. The quality and colors really stand out but I really like the silk-like lined hood. Even the cat, drawstring and puma cat on the sleeve color match. Very cool hoody!!!
B006QXPX9I loved it awsum just loved it i love puma and love yellow color its looks great to me but lets see how it is when i actually recive it
B006SZ5NAI Love It! I loved the style, the shape and the colors and that it was light weight! It was a great buy for the money
B006SZ5R1S Love it! I bought this for my stepdaughter and I'm even thinking of buying one for myself. I love the color and it's just cute.
B006SZ610O Love it! I love this watch! The color, the size... it just fits perfect! and it has nice features for those who run, walk, swim, travel, etc.
B006SZ64BA I love it Perfect
B006SZ64BA Love it!!! I received this watch for by birthday and I have to say that I really love it.Light weight, no problem seeing the time in a sunny day (some more expensive sport watches you have difficulty reading the digits, not this one).Love the color and how it feels and looks on my wrist!
B006U0RYC6 Jen Jen I love my new sneakers they are awesome and fits nicely comfy Love the puma detail in the front of the sneaker thedelivery was fast
B006VE7EI0 Love them. I am so very very glad that I got these,for they have the one thing most pants today lack,pockets. I love going for long walks in them,for they are comfy!
B006VEK6NK My kid love it This puma covers all the expectation we have of it. The colors and quality are perfect. And we receive it on time.
B006VWJSL8 Amazing I love Puma and this Jacket is perfect, such a pretty good Quality. My boy love the gift and fits well.
B006VWJSL8 Love it!!! Worth money. Great jacket with great style and quality. Fits as expected and I got my shipment before schedule.. So Love it badly..;-)
B006VWLPLE A perfect Gift I bought it for my housband birthday and he is so happy, he love this brand, the color is perfect and the size too.
B006VYXVZ0 LOVE LOVE LOVE bought these for my grand daughter for school. She absolutely loved them!!Couldn't wait to wear them the first day to school.
B006W1DT1I Love the look of these but they don't last. We bought these for our daughter because we love the low profile style.  Only problem is she has worn them only to school (she takes them off as soon as she is home) and after only 3 weeks, they are very worn out.  I was hoping to get a lot more time out of them.
B006W1DWOW love them Ordered these shoes for a fitness class I joined.  Shoes are lightweight and comfy.  Love the strap option.  Don't have to worry about laces.
B006WBUL1Y My fave I love these shoes for work. I own a couple pairs of them and they are great for being on your feet the majority of the day.
B006WBUL1Y Splash of color for summer! Comfortable. Not a lot of support for a good deal of walking. Great to slip on to do a bit of shopping. Love the color!
B006WCMWG0 Love these My son really loves these... they are true to size and appearance from the photo. We've ordered several pairs of Pumas from Amazon and have never been disappointed... also love Puma's eco friendly packaging!
B006WDOIEI love it very nice i love them i could wear them any time very comfortable, they fit as expected . if you like them go for it
B006WDOSUC Love them! I love these shoes so much! So comfy and so cute!
B006WDOZJG Love LOVE these shoes! I wasn't sure about these when I ordered them but when they came I was very excited! They looked even better than the photo online and they are COMFORTABLE. I walked around the house in them for hours because I forgot I had them on. They are very light and am looking forward to warmer weather so I can wear them everywhere!
B006WTISAC Love this My son is always wearing this. Love the fact that there are no strings that comes undone every so often.
B006ZO2ZJY lightweight comfy shoes I love these shoes!  I already wore for my walk and feels great.  It was great price and deal.  Love it.
B006ZO2ZJY love them Love them. Comfortable and light wieght.  They are true to size.if you want a comfortable walking shoe, these are the ones for you.
B0071BUDRG Superb Quality & Beauty I love the Evospeed design on this sneaker,it has been well designed and is appealing to any eye.Absolutely Love it.
B0071BW9KK PUMAS I have had these for over a year, still in great condition.  I love them as much now as the day I got them.
B0071BW9KK Love them I absolutely love these new shoes.  I even ordered same brand different colors.  It was an awesome deal!!  They as so light and breathable!  I would definitely order them again.
B0071BW9KK Love me my Pumas! I love Pumas.  I ordered this pair on sale and I am so happy I did!  They are cute and suprisingly, they have wonderful arch support.  Very happy with this purchase. True to size and description.
B0071BW9KK Love them! I absolutely LOVE theses shoe the only thing is if you have narrow heels, like I do, they may blister the back of your heels at first. I would recommend wearing them around the house to break them in before going out with them. However once they are broken in they are amazingly comfortable! I would defiantly buy theses again!
B0071F0K66 Love them ! I love those shoes. I did not put 5 stars because I haven't used them that much and my experience with others cleats has show me that they do not last long. However,  I recommend those cleats... BUT not that much I like to be unique !
B0071F1H9A i love it It got on time, on perfect conditions, it was what i expected! the color it's just like the picture! pretty!
B0071F1KYC Love it It was for my daughter and she loved first the color and also the feel of the shoes.  Yes I will recommend it completely.
B0071RGGYY I love it I love it This shoes are so cute for babys and the price is cheaper red ones are my favorites.
B0071RGWAM Perfect! True to size and comfortable!  just as described! my god-daughter was in love with them and so was I.  Her smile made it all worth it!
B00727EVWM puma shoe My son love his new shoe an i love it to just it came to late march 9 in yhe evening
B0073GAUC2 Love them! Love these shoes... fit great, true to size and color... feels like your walking on air... wore them once received tons of compliments.
B0073IO2VK love them for now Just barely got them last week so they haven't been put through the ringer, but love them so far.  I love to walk around without shoes and the flexibility of the soles makes the high impact cardio workouts great. Extremely comfortable. Just hope they hold up.
B0073ITVP2 Love My Bolt Sneakers Love Love love....I'm a female and I love these male sneakers...fits great..very cute and extremely comfortable..Highly recommend these sneakers..for females order 2 sizes down in male sneakers
B0073J7FK4 great size!!!! AWESOME! love the size love the color love everything about it!!!! so happy I got this and didnt go to a sports store to get one
B0073JP1H8 In love love this bag got it in black but I really wanted the purple one. I honestly love the black one even though I settled for it. It goes with everything and is perfect for my small laptop (macbook 13') and it fits my books and notebooks. I recommend it to everyone and everyone loves it.
B0073XIITC puma tazon 5.... Love the shoes the fit is just right, love the color my very first in buying the puma brand, really comfortable
B0073XIITC love it love the color the way it feel and the way it look in my living room gray and pink nice
B0073XIITC LOVE THEM I am usually a size 7.5 last shoe that I got was a 7 though so I order this shoe is 7 fits perfect love them. They make my feet look small, very comfortable, cute, stylish, love them. Very Happy.
B0073XIITC Puma I love Puma sneakers and ordered a 1/2 size larger in these because of the reviews I had read. They are only slightly large and I love them.
B0073XIITC Puma Women's shoe Love these.  They fit me perfectly.  Are so comfortable to wear while working out and my feet don't hurt after!Definitely would recommend
B0073XIITC Puma I love the Puma shoes, they fit perfectly and are light weight and comfortable. Cannot wait to break them in!
B0073XIITC Love them! I love these shoes! I needed a pair of sneakers that would go with just about everything and were comfortable. These are both!
B0073XIITC Puma I love the style but they are a little hard on my feet.  I cannot wear to work out in.
B0073XIITC Love this  shoe! I've been wearing these shoes for about 2 months now and I love them! They fit super nice and I never even had to break them in. The leather keeps me toes nice and warm in these cold North Dakotan winters! I also love love the colors!
B0073XIITC Happy!! I was worried about buying shoes online but I love them!!! They are comfortable and seem to be well made!
B0073XIITC I love I do love these perfect fit I got a 61/2 they look great they came quick over all good deal woohoo go me
B0073XIITC Fantastic! I love Puma sneakers, and these had just the right amount of color, with the right amount of comfort. I would definitely recommend this line of shoes
B0073XIITC puma shoes Love these shoe, they are very comfortable to walk and stand in. Also very stylish I would recommend these to anyone, I would even buy them again
B0073XIITC It awesome They are perfect we love them have been puma fans for a long time they have great stuff I hope they keep it up
B0073XIITC Excellent Love these puma sneakers just started up again at the gym and so far so good very comfortable  no blisters  very cushiony  would definately purchase again. Very true to size
B0073XIITC Love these pumas! This shoe is a great fit. Very comfortable and supportive. I love the colors and style. Would definitely buy another pair.
B0073XIITC Love these shoes!!!! I have three pairs of these and love them!!!! They are sturdy and last well. My go to shoe in winter
B0073XIITC PUMA Women's Tazon 5 Cross-Training Shoe,White/Silver/Blue Grass I love these shoes.  Puma's are very comfortable and I can't usually find any styles I like in the local stores.  They fit true to size.
B0073XIITC Perfect fit Love the color, style and the fit. Just the usual new shoe break in needed. Have been looking all over for red and black sneakers and found them finally. Thank You.
B0073XIITC i love them!! fit well love the style and look! goes very well with gym outfit and feels good comfortable when working out at the gym!
B0073XIITC Perfect fit Shoes are exactly as I expected.  Love the black and purple colors and they fit true to size.  Love Puma's
B0073XIITC Best Shoe! I got these yesterday and wore them today and my workout was amazing!  these are so comfy and I just love all puma cross-trainers but these are my new favorite!
B0073XIITC Amazing shoes I love Puma's they fit my feet perfectly and I love the fact that it doesn't even feel like I am wearing anything. I go puma all the way. Only down fall is that sometimes one size doesn't fit another. Price is great on Amazon cheapest around. Good thing cause that means I can buy about three pairs at once.
B0073XIITC me and my new puma's Love them very comfortable and love the colors and vsfy comfortable to take a walk in the park couldn't find a better deal
B0073XIITC Love the Color I like that these are easy to clean because of the fabric and the color was exactly what I wanted.
B0073XIITC Love Deals of the Day! I got these on the deal of the day and couldn't be happier!  They fit great, they are comfortable, so no complains here.
B0073XIITC Love I'm a RN and bought these for work... They are sleek and match my scrubs. Comfortable and worth the price. Would purchase again!
B0073XIITC wow! LOVE it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fit as expecTed! Very comfortable,  stylish, love the colors. .. cushioning on the bottom. . Would love a few more pairs in different colors!!!
B0077BXRKK These shoes are awesome!!! These are one of the most comfortable shoes I've ever had. I love the styling and color - they really get you noticed. Extremely light weight and very comfortable, I love the Puma brand even more now.
B0077BXRKK Great Shoes Perfect nice great awsome shoe!!! I love it! :D These shoes are just my size and design. I love this cool shoes. I recommend you guys to but this!
B0077CLM2E love the shoe i love the shoe, everything about it the fit the color i cant wait to where them. when this snow clears lol
B007CTSGNK LOVE IT I LOVE IT! IT IS THE PERFECT SHIRT FOR THE PERFECT LITTLE GIRL! VERY CUTE! I FELL IN LOVE AS SOON AS I SEEN IT AND MORE SO WHEN I SEEN IT IN FRONT OF ME! :) THANK YOU AMAZON!
B007IW7LLE I love it I love these boots, I recommend are excellent in quality, price and hardness. I use them to go to the gym, running, walking.
B007IX3572 Love these shoes I love these shoes and am glad I ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear. The colors are great.
B007IX3572 Love them! I love them! The colors are amazing and so is the price. First day wearing these shoes and I already got compliments. I would buy them over and over again.
B007IX3572 Love This is a very nice pair of shoes, though the color is a darker grey in the picture they look black but I am still in love with them (:
B007IX3GDK Love them! Loved the color, fit as expected.
B007IXCZZU love them the color, te size, the material and the Price just go right! i really like them and totally recommend them
B007IXCZZU great! nothing bad to say about them! love the shoes! they fit just as the puma sneakers I already have home!
B007IXCZZU Love Pumas! These are the most comfortable sneakers to wear and they last forever! Bought them in 3 colors so far and hope they still keep coming out with more!
B007J58WA4 Great Love the shoe and love the look.  I'll probably buy another pair when the current one goes in the garbage
B007J5KCZC Super comfy sneakers I love these things! These are my first pair of Puma's and I've only worn them for a week and I'm already in love. I've been Nike running exclusive for over 20 years and decided to branch out. I'm glad I did.This show is very roomy up front and actually fits about a half size larger than a comparable Nike would. The mesh top means my feet can breathe and the support is superb. Now I need more...
B007JAMTG2 Love them I love the shoes, quick shipping.  This is my 2nd pair and I use these for driving on the track.  Love them.
B007JAT44W LOVE THESE PUMAS My husband loves these. They look very cool, his feet are long and skinny so the fit is perfect.May have a problem if your feet are wide.Cant beat PUMA for style. Definitely will get you a second look.If you want style these are the sneakers for you.
B007JAT44W Not what was expected. Not exactly what I thought it looked like until I actually saw shoes.  Reordered another style of Pumas that I love.  Thanks.
B007M6BV9O love my new cleats they are comfortable and i just love the color great traction on the field wet or dryso what are you waiting for go on get em
B007MAYD2C I cannot get them off her feet! My daughter instantly fell in love with theses shoes.  I have not been able to get them off her feet since they arrived.  She says they feel like wearing slippers, and they are so cute!  Love them!
B007MC1CHE Super stylish Bought the shoes for my daughter school for sport. I love their overall design and style and so does she.
B007NQC2OQ awesome! super comfortable, easy to put on and wear, true to picture and size. I wear these to work, and 8-15 hours later and my feet are still on clouds. Love them!
B007P4O2LM Love anything Puma I love anything Puma but as of late, it has been hard to find Puma velour items at a great price. As a brand, all things Puma last for years and I imagine this will as well.
B007P4OF5A Perfect fit. This sweater is very warm and comfy. Fits true to size. Really love this item. The navy looks a bit faded but love it anyway.
B007P5C2VS Love it!! Love this top, just ordered my second one in the Teaberry Heather! Amazing fit. Can dress it up for a casual get together also.
B007P5QU9S Very comfortable! They are very soft and fit great!  LOVE them - only wished they had pockets.  Would def buy again though.
B007PK5T0Y Received wrong size I ordered a 9 and got a 6.5. Not too happy about it, but i love the shoe feel, and there's even spikes included.
B007PK5T0Y puma shoes Wasn't sure about these, but glad I ordered them.  The are more beautiful in person.  I love pumas, but usually don't love the price. For $13.99, I couldn't resist.
B007PK5T0Y my wife love it my wife love it ,it is comfortable and she said that it feel go to be a walking shoe.the prize is great.
B007Q36U4Y love it Oh my, what can I say?I love these shoes, I love them love themEveryone who sees them makes a wonderful comment too  :)
B007UM8E1S Really nice shoes I would have love the shoes, I love the black and silver but it was too small have to return it soo bad.
B007USEG6E very comfortable I just fell in love with these shoes the first time I saw them...its even better than I expected...the fabric is nice and easy to clean..so soft and comfortable...just love the colour....would definitely recommend...
B0080BML44 love it I absolutely love my new backpack. It holds a lot of books. It is study and strong. My favorite this is the color of it. Unique and beautiful.
B0080LMQ58 LOVE Puma!! I love love love the Puma brand. Especially for kids. I have only bought puma sneakers for my kids. The do run a size small. But they hold up. I wash them at least twice a week and look brand new every time. They are worn almost everyday. You can even bleach them.
B0080LMQ58 Love them fit my son perfectly and he loved them.  Would defiantly recommend to friends to buy these shoes.  Will buy from here again
B0089GNKQ8 The pants look great.... So I love it.  My boys love the pants, but they do not like the pockets.  Since I'm writing this review, I'm sticking with the 5 stars -- they wash well, fit great, and have a cleaner look than most pants of this type.
B0089HEVYM All great rings come to an end Love Love this shoe and was so sorry to see it was discontinued..Thank God Amazon has the last pair left.  Come on Puma&#8230;get in gear and make more&#8230;Was so popular why stop???
B0089TJ190 it's awesome i love it , i love it's color and i love the style i am do imparts . thanks puma for this wristwatch
B008A6BA64 so comfortable! feels so cushiony and comfortable! most of all, this is the cutest, girly looking tennis shoe I own- love, love !!
B008A6BA64 Love these shoes Amazing- love everything about my Ashas.  They're super comfy, look sharp and I have been known to chuck them in the wash every now and again.  The first day I wore them- everyone wanted to them.
B008A6BB9U love them!! love them, very comfy, fit as expected but not wide at all, great looking. item as described. great colors. breathable.
B008A6CIL0 perfect shoes I love Puma's. They can be so hard to find in local stores but I find their sizes run true to fit so ordering on line is not a problem other than what color to get. They fit amazingly are had enough room around my toe area that it doesn't feel to constricting. Black is always good for a shoe color. love them
B008A6CIL0 Ehhh I was so happy when I got these shoes. They are very cute, love the color, and I also love that you can feel the breeze through the shoes when you run. The only thing is that the top front and top part that touches my ankle is not comfortable at all. At first I thought the size was wrong, but I wear an eight in all my sneakers. That is my only complaint. If you wear higher socks it helps reduce the uncomfortable material, but still I wish I had not worn these to run in or I'd exchange for 8.5.
B008A6CIL0 Love them very bright these sneakers fit the same way that all puma's do.  I really love them.  they are a bit tight in the area around the ankle bc the seam around the ankle is thick and the rest of the show is thin,
B008A6CIL0 I love it! These shoes are prettier than pictures. I love The color, it is a beautiful red. the size is the correct.
B008A6JWU0 Great shoe I read a review that these fit small and boy they do! I ordered a 7.5 and it was tight. returned it for an 8 and it fit perfect! I love these shoes. they are super light weight and very comfortable.
B008A6JWU0 Looking for more colors and that great price !!! Love these shoes !!! I wear an 8.5 comfortably so I purchased a 9 in these and they are a perfect fit. They are so light and comfortable.
B008A6JWU0 LOVE THESE! These are the greatest sneakers I have ever bought! They are comfortable, cute, and light weight! :) I love them so much, I wear them everyday, I've been thinking about ordering a pair in every color! They're fantastic and I'd recommenced them to anyone. They were also a very affordable price!  I get lots of compliments on them, they're everything I was looking for and more!
B008A6JWU0 Love these shoes! The shoes fit as I expected. I love them! I was worried about the reviews but they fit perfect. I use them for the gym everyday.
B008A6KHRC Perfect I love it my cross training shoes. The colors are the same in the picture and they are very comfortable
B008A6KTKC Love the color! These are really cute shoes!  I love the bright colors.  Unfortunately, I have to return them because they slide too much in the heel even though they fit great everywhere else. The tongue is sewn in so it is snug getting my foot into the shoe, but I understood that was expected with PUMA's.  I hate that I have to return these. I haven't seen any others that I like the color scheme as well as these.
B008A6KTKC Love! Love puma!  These colors are vivid and gorgeous.  I get tons of compliments by men and women.  I use them for everyday wear and for a kickboxing class.  Not sure great for running but they do the trick for my needs
B008A6KTKC Awesome Shoes I love these shoes.. The color is awesome and very vibrant. Comfy to run in. Everyone is jealous of my new Pumas..
B008A6KTKC Puma small fit I love Puma shoes,  but this one is a little tight fit.  I love the color.Not as comfortable as other Puma shoes.
B008A6KTKC Love Pumas Pumas are made more tight. Love them because my feet are narrow and they are light and easy to balance with
B008A6KTKC Love them Buy a 1/2 size bigger (read other reviews) they will fit perfect.  The most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever worn.  I love them!
B008A6KTKC Freakin Love Them! It was kind of love a first sight with these shoes. I'm an Army wife trying to get back in shape for my husband's return. I needed a new pair of fitness shoes for the gym and I LOVE these. They are without a doubt the best fitness shoes I've purchased. They are so comfortable and can take a beating for sure. I am going to purchase another pair in a different color for sure. LOVE THEM!
B008A6KTKC awesomeness!! Love love love these shoes!Had my size in stock.great quality!The colors are awesome!Wouldn't trade them for anything!I want to buy my best friend and mother a pair now!Super comfortable! Great look for outings!
B008A6KTKC these are nice I love the way these sneakers fit and the support it gives my feet - great purchase will recommend them to everyone (plus its bright and colorful love it)
B008A6KTKC Fabulous I Love these Puma... They feel great an I love the colors. Can't wait to order some more for my boyfriend an I
B008A6KTKC Puma Love love.  Best fit. Most comfortable sneakers ever. Love the style!  Will purchase again hopefully will have same styles in future
B008A6KTKC lovely It was very comfortable and lovely. Love  the color and patterns.  It's also very bright and beautiful when you wear them. Shipping very slow.
B008A6KTKC really comfortable I love this shoe! I have a wider foot, between regular and wide and this shoe fits me well. I wear a 9.5 and ordered a 9.5. Love the bright color of the blue curacao/silver/black. Very vibrant and fun. Love it!
B008A6KTKC i do like my new pumas I love the color of them and the attached tongue, they just don't have enough arch support me. Actually not a lot of support, but they are comfortable to walk around in for the day.
B008A6KTKC Love them! Based on other reviews I read, I ordered them 1/2 size bigger. My feet are not wide at all, still they fit kind of tight I believe due to the stretch feature. I love these shoes to work out indoors. I have not had a chance to wear them outdoors or run with them. Didn't give them 5 stars due to kind of high price.
B008A6KTKC great shoes! I love wearing tennis shoes and love bold colors and when I saw this shoes on amazon, I wanted them.  I had never wore puma's before and wasn't so sure on the size, but they fit fine.  I ended up buying another pair in black too.
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes! Size is perfect, love the colors and the arch is perfect! I have had plantar faschitis in the past and these shoes have great support.
B008A6KTKC Very Satisfied! I love them!! They fit perfect and even though I wasn't sure about the color, I'm very pleased with them!
B008A6KTKC Good Fit I LOVE, LOVE,  LOVE the color and style. The fit was snug at first but once they loosened up they became great.
B008A6KTKC Great service I love these shoes!! They are the most comfortable Pumas ever!!! Fast shipping too, I will definitely buy these again in the future.
B008A6KTKC Perfect Love the colors!!! Love the style!!!! They are very comfortable!!! The price was great!!!! The shoes are perfect for me!!!!!
B008A6KTKC Love my pumas Love the feel and fit so comfortable love the colors, I have always loved pumas but live them more with all the New designs and styles they're AWESOME
B008A6KTKC BEAUTIFUL! Love these shoes.  The color is amazing.  Fit is perfect.  Super comfortable.  So pretty.  Even better than I expected.  LOVE 'EM!!!
B008A6KTKC Great fit Very comfortable...love the support...being flat footed I have a hard time finding a shoe that fits well and gives support and these do both. I'll be buying another pair soon! Love them!
B008A6KTKC Color not as Expected I love puma shoes and they always fit right, are comfortable, and have good support. I gave these a 3 star and sent back because the color looked more lime green in the picture.
B008A6KTKC love! These shoes fit perfect! I ordered a 71/2 and they are true to size. Ive been working out six days a week now since i got them because i love the way the look (got the baby blue ones) and I love they way they feel.
B008A6KTKC As expected I truly love my new shoes. I run alsmost every single day, and i'm certain, these are great for my feet. TY!
B008A6KTKC love! love these shoes! love the colors and puma makes such comfy shoes! always getting compliments on these kicks! even my mom loved these and had me order her a pair also!!!!
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes Love the colors, love the style.  The only thing I would change is to have a wide width available.  I have wide feet and they fit in the shoes snugly, but they are still comfortable because of the way the tongue is built into the shoe.  Would definitely buy another pair when these are shot!
B008A6KTKC awesome and stylish Fits great and awesome style! Love showing them off. Check out all the pumas they have crazy colors! Very comfortable!
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes! I have flat feet so I was very happy when i got these. They fit perfect my feet didn't bother me at all . I love love the color and the price was decent. I am going to get another pair for everyday stuff! I  would recommend these for anyone  especially if you have flat feet.
B008A6KTKC Awesome pumas I love the shoes. They were a little big but that was my fault for ordering too big . Still they're beautiful
B008A6KTKC LOVE THESE SHOES! I love these shoes, I love how they fit and how they look. Highly recomend these shoes. I might have gotten away with a 7.5 and I wear an 8 but they slip on and off real easy but still have support for my feet.
B008A6KTKC I love these shoes! They don't have a traditional tongue on them under the laces which was weird at first but it's really comfortable not to have it folded or wedged weird in your shoe and rubbing the top of your foot. I love it!!!!!!!
B008A6KTKC Love this puma cross-training shoe It looks just like the picture, fits my foot, and is unexpectedly comfortable!! Love this color!!Well worth the investment - I am extremely pleased with this product!!
B008A6KTKC Great Shoes Love the color, lots of compliments. Fit exactly right. I would recommend these for anybody for the gym or just for walking around town.
B008A6KTKC Love my Pumas They like a 8 1/2. My only issue was the pic shows black and red the shoes are actually black and hot pink
B008A6KTKC LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes! They are so comfortable! I went running in them the day they arrived and they didn't hurt my feet at all! Love these shoes!! Comfort and style---you can't beat that!
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes! I love the color, the fit and the feel.  I use these for training and have loved them from the moment I put them on!
B008A6KTKC Love them! They are bright, comfy, and feel good to wear all day. I'm on my feet all day in a factory & they are very comfortable.
B008A6KTKC LOVE LOVE LOVE Love them they are so comfortable!!!! They are way better than I expected, kinda weird with a sick but well worth it!!!
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes!!!!! So comfy....and I love the fit and the style.  I would definitely recommend them!!  Also love the way they look.
B008A6KTKC pumas I love these shoes! they fit exactly as expected and i get complimented on them everytime i wear them. i did have to wear them for short periods for the first few days or i would have had some pretty bad blisters.
B008A6KTKC O.... The comfort Love &#128156; these shoes!! They are so comfortable, and for the price.... Can't beat it!! Pumas are a great brand.... They don't need to be broke in like most shoes.... They feel gr8 as soon as u put them on your feet&#128515; LOVE EM.... Not the mention the colors are bright&#128526;
B008A6KTKC Awesome! Haven't been able to run in them, but wore them yesterday. I love the fact that the tongue is connected to the shoe. It doesn't move and very breathable. I have a pair of Puma Trailrunners, and they are also my favorite. Can't wait to try these in the gym. I wear size 8, and they fit perfectly. I also love the ankle support built in. Very happy with this purchase!Update; I've ran in these shoes for about 2 weeks now. The only part of my feet that hurt is my big toe =/ But it's getting better. I have a high arch and these really help. Still completely recommend
B008A6KTKC Love this shoe! I've always loved Puma shoes. They have such a great variety of colors and styles. I chose these because of the pink and gray combo. Perfect shoe! Great fit and prettier in person. I also love how the tongue is already attach, easy on and off.
B008A6PN1C Like it These arrived on time, were true to color and size,  and are comfortable. They were worth the price and I love the color!
B008A6YJDU love them so i star soccer on monday and i got them on time i love them so much best school i ever had and got them in a good prize :) im happy with my cleats !!!!
B008A6YSR2 Love them! I ordered these cleats for my 10 year old Daughter. She is in love with them. Says they are very comfortable. The shipping was very fast. Definitely will order from this company again.
B008A6YSR2 Love this. This is a really great shoe. They fit true to size. Bright colors. Comfortable. I am really happy with this purchase.
B008A6YU02 Love these for indoor soccer I had never had soccer shoes before, I had just been using old running shoes. I loved that these were colorful and I could wear them whenever I don't play soccer. They were comfortable during games, fit as specified, and I had no issues with them at all. Love them!
B008A6Z2KE Perfect! Love them!
B008A77SH8 They are so comfortable! They fit perfectly and they look so cool and trendy,with the texture like suede and the light olive color I just love them.
B008AJOHXO great product I love my Pumas I have always been in love with the Puma brand so I am greatly satisfied with the purchase of my Pumas
B008AJZ5OO Puma Nice kicks love it very comfortable, love the color am a big puma fan....I have the red one to it
B008AL33QE Definitely love it, somewhat snug, beautiful! I usually wear 11, i recommend to buy .5 size larger, love it, material is great!love the white leather, the flashiness, shininess, the red puma outline.. yeah, everything haha.highly recommend. favorite pair of shoes i've ever worn.i use and also recommend to use a disinfectant wipe on them every night. that's just what I do to keep the white white.I'm a college student and take them on the bus, to work, and class on weekdays and travel to campus 2 miles, just a little background. 2 days into their life, and they're awesome!
B008ALI936 They did it again I love Puma sneakers casual and comfortable not made for any sports activities if you are looking to do anything besides look good in them.
B008ALWBFS AWESOME I love Puma shoes, most comfortable that I've found for long days @ the hospital but have a hard time finding my size. THANKS for the fast service.
B008ALX6SO I LOVE IT!!! I got the product in the box, new shoes over here dude! Love it! great as puma use to do it!
B008ALXEBS Love it I love it because it's lightweight and comfortable, but you have to be careful of the size chart if you are used to ware other brands. The best thing to do when selecting your size is to follow the Europe sizes because I found them to be the same when comparing different brands such as Adidas and Puma.
B008ALYJQW Great fit, love it The cleat was perfect for the occasion. I love it for the comfort, color and shape.I will definitely recommend it again and again.
B008AXTOQ0 Love the Voltaics This is probably my 6th or 7th pair of Voltaics, and I love them as slip-on house shoes. They're comfortable and don't make my feet sweat and come in a variety of color combinations that will appeal to just about anyone. I usually wait until they are on sale, and I got a good deal on Amazon. They're pretty durable, though my big toe eventually seems to wear a hole in the top after a year or so. Love these shoes!
B008AXTOQ0 awsome colors! I love the fit. I wore them to work yesturday, 10 hour day on my feet. They did well! I love the colors. They remind me of the seattle seahawks winning super bowl colors. Oh too soon. Go Hawks!
B008AXTOQ0 Love them These are awesome shoes. They fit like a glove and I wish that I could wear them all the time.
B008AXTOQ0 Love these shoes! Love Pumas and these are amazing! I think pumas makes some of the best shoes on earth and they match my Spider-Man Under Amour shirt!
B008AXTOQ0 Best I am in love with this brand because always i get what i want and is so good the way fit
B008AXTOQ0 Love these shoes! What a nice change. I've worn nike shox for the past 6 years,While working out, doing obstacle races, running, and just everyday usage. These are lighter and more comfortable! These pumas ran true to size for me, love the no tongue on the shoe, slip on and tie up. Colors are bright and vibrant! Would recommend to everyone I know!
B008AXTOQ0 excellent what can i say . i love puma and this is no exception love the orange/ black combination remember buy them 1/2 bigger .
B008AXTOQ0 Fit and Look Great Love these shoes as they fit and look great.  They definitely illicit a strong reaction from others - most love but some hate.  Either way, I love them.
B008AXTOQ0 Fit perfectly. I love them! Fit perfectly. I love them! They are perfect for run and I could not find them in stores, they where sold out. Best way to buy...but be sure it is your right number, I came from Europe and was at the begining a little bit confusing. But now I know that it is 9.5 .I am happy with it!
B008AXTOQ0 Love them Puma Voltaics are the ultimate in performance, price, style, and comfort!!!  I have them in 4 colors now I believe.
B008AXTOQ0 Love the design They run small.  I love the Voltaic design.  I have two pair of the previous version.  They are a snug comfortable show.  But they can feel tight.
B008AXTOQ0 Amazing Exactly what I expected And they fit wonderful couldn't have ask for more I love the design the way they fit and all around amazing
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA Men's Voltaic 4 Mesh Cross-Training Shoe This is a christmas gift for a young man.  He will love them - I have several Puma sneakers, he has always commented on the look - so I got him his own pair for Christmas.  I love mine - they fit great, look great and are durable too.
B008AXTOQ0 I love the shoes I wish I could buy another pair of green voltaic size 12 Shoes were great I also have the green and yellow.love the fit and the colors hope they continent with this style
B008AXTOQ0 Love I love these running shoes, my best friends at gym and everywhere I go... they fit as expected and have bright colors!
B008AXTOQ0 Love them! They fit good, but not as good as I thought they would. They are somehow too tight, even though the size is the one I'm wearing. Still, I have no other complains, I love them, using them every day since I got them. They allow your skin to breath which is really important. More than comfortable!
B008AXW9PI Love them for track/sprinting.. they suck for anything else tho Very comfortable!  Defineately strictly a track or sprinting shoe!! Not versatile. but an awesome sprint shoe!  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
B008AXY38Y Puma Shoes I love the color and style of the Puma shoe.  Not only is it comfortable, but it can be worn with a casual sporty apparel.
B008AXY38Y Love these shoes I get more comments on how stylish these shoes are.. and they fit perfect. Love the Puma design and wear these shoes almost daily.
B008AXY38Y Love it Never purchase a shoe before so when it arrived I did not expect to much but to my surprise it was perfect looked even better than the picture
B008AXY38Y Love these shoes! I don't normally spend this much on shoes. I'm a super saver. But I do love these shoes. Glad I spent the extra cash.
B008AZD5ZE Comfortable Since it was a man's shoe I should of gotten a 6.5 but I love the fit and going to order me another color.
B008AZEC1U Perfect fit love using it. i think it is much better than what i expected it to be in the price i got it for
B008AZG59W Love them This shoe is great for running. The cushioning is perfect. The quality is always top notch with Puma. I love them!
B008BXRZ9W Great Fit! Perfect shoe.  My daughter thinks they are very comfy, and they are so easy to put on.  I love the dark blue color because it hides the dirt.
B008BXRZ9W Love these So perfect for my daughter, slide on easy and perfect for school. Love the color since they go with everything
B008BXRZ9W Love it! The product was as expected! My daughter loves her new shoes and the fit is perfect. Love them! Thank you
B008EXQBU8 Love Puma Shoes First off, I looooove Puma shoes. I love the quality, designs, comfort, etc.  These shoes fit true to size. I love the versatility in that they can be work for workouts and also look great with a pair of jeans.
B008EYO4TW New favorite shoes These are the most comfortable flats ever - I love them for work, and bought them in three more colors just so I had more options!
B008EYO4TW i LOVE THEM!!!!!!! I use them at work every day and they are very confortable, they fit well and the quality is great!!! i love them!!!!!!
B008EYO4TW Love these puma shoes. I love these little sporty shoes.  They are very comfortable and yet good enough for walking and working.  My daughters think they are sharp as well.  They fit very well.
B008EYP1K8 Love them I love these puma's and put them on the second they arrived.  They are great for jean day at work.  This is my third pair of puma shoes I buy that are like this and this color (peach/pink) goes with everything!
B008EYP1K8 Love these flats I have these in several colors, the only thing about them is I normally wear a 7 1/2 but I need an 8 to be comfortable in these.
B008EYP1K8 Love these - but order a half size up I wear an 8, but had to get an 8.5 with these.  Love these shoes - Puma does nice flats.  Recommend
B008F063BM love the drift cat I love the style an color of these shoes. I've worn them many times since I purchased them and they don't rub in the heel or squeeze anything uncomfortably. I have narrow heels, so that probably explains why I like them. Other Puma styles are wider in the heel and don't fit me as well, but this one fits great and looks great too!
B008F063BM I LOVE THESE SHOES! I haven't worn them too much, so I can't speak on the comfort, but I love the look of them! I own several pairs of Pumas though and I've never had a problem with discomfort.For the price, I'm wishing I would have bought them in white too!
B008F06A5Q Love it This shoe is more beautiful in real life than the pic. Just love it.  Fit is comfortable, colours are lively and beautiful.
B008F06A5Q MOST COMFY SHOE I love these, my feet love them.  There were no problems wearing them in, I can wear them all day... Plus they are super cute and a little different then wearing NIKE all of the time!  Love them
B008F06A5Q Sharp They fit true to size, very very comfortable, offer support and made with the Puma quality you expect. Love them
B008F06A5Q Love the color for my feet I needed a narrower shoe but these do work, and the color is great, so I am pleased
B008F06C7C Love these Love these shoes a lot. Only complaints are pretty typical with Pumas--they run a little large and have no traction.
B008F06I1M Love these shoes! I have the black, yellow and pink ones too! I purchased those in a size 7 and on leg days, they are a little small. I needed a larger size and the 7.5 is perfect for leg days. I love the colors, look, and the mid-rise provide ankle support. I get compliments all the time on these shoes!
B008F06I1M LOVE IT Im wide with so the front is a bit tight, but its the perfect size. love the colors!! it arrived promptly, great packaging, love the red bag. I would buy more of these....if my husband didnt see my credit card bills LOL
B008F06KB0 Love my shoes I love the colors and the fit is perfect. I have searched a lot for a perfect color in these Puma shoes.
B008F06KB0 love the shoes just what I wanted, fit perfect and look stylish too!!, I love the way puma fits my feet and are very light
B008F06KB0 These are OK I'm a little disappointed with these Puma shoes, but I would probably still buy them.  The last pair I bought, in a slightly different style, fit like they were made for me.  These are quite a bit wider in the heel while the rest of the shoe is narrower.  So, as I walk or run, my heels move around a little in the shoe.Other than that, these are great - very well made, with the higher arch support that I love love love about Puma!
B008F06KB0 So Cool I love these shoes.  The colors are fantastic and I love the gray;  just a bit different than everyone else has.
B008F06KB0 Excellent Product The fit of this shoe is very true to size. I am a really big fan of Puma. I have at least 25 pairs of Puma shoes and boots. Puma offers a wide variety of styles and colors that I love.
B008F06T0W LOVE LOVE LOVE I just got these and I love them. The colors are much more vibrant in person and they are SUPER comfy. I'm an overpronator and these feel stable. I can't wait to try them out later!
B008F0O0S0 Love Puma Shoes Now I have Puma 250, 300,350, they are all great, I use one for speed training, one for tempo, and the long run. This gives me a lot of choices. Love Puma technology. And will be getting more when I hit 500 miles on each one.
B008F17R2K love it I absolutely love these shoes! The colors are so bright! The shoes are so comfortable! Would definitely recommend to others!
B008F17R2K Just Love Them !! Extremely pleased. Tennis shoes are very comfortable and look great. My teenager is crazy about them. Color as expected. We recommend them.
B008F17R2K Awesome Footwear! What I love about these shoes it gives you great endurance. Especially you are a basketball fad. It also feels great when you wear it everywhere. My best friend love the shoes a lot he is availing it also! 5 stars for these one!
B008F17R2K love the fit these are a perfect fit for me, they hug the foot and have great support for my runs. cant think of any cons
B008F17R2K great shoes good price! I'm a huge puma fan. I love this shoe very comfortable. It runs a little big I'm normally an 11.5 in puma but I could probably fit perfect in an 11 but I still love them!
B008F17R2K Son love the shoes He love them, he ran in them today. the package  was some what shabby but I fit of the shoe made up for it
B008F17R2K love em I love these shoes. I have 4 pairs of them. Very comfortable. Have had my first pair 7 months now and have put over 100 miles on them. Have not had any duribility problems, I wear them hiking and bouldering often. Really love the availible colour schemes. My fire and ice limited editions are my favorite.
B008F17R2K Sizes run small I love the shoes.  Great arch support and very stylish.  Although they are a snug fit I still love them.
B008F17R2K tennis needed My tennis are so pretty and so comfy I am thinking about ordering another pair. Absolutely love love love them.
B008F2B7JS love them i'm a guy and I love these, they have an awesome fit, and are like what guys would wear in 1980's as they look cool and very unique, except the grey ones look almost beige-ish
B008F2BWV6 love it i like because is fit nice. I love it. I will order more and i recommend for any one who like to be comfit.
B008F2BWV6 puma leggings Was looking for a smaller size but it was sold out. The fabric could be a better quality but they look amazing. Love them!!! I wish you would have them in more colors.
B008F2BWV6 Love love love These tights are amazing I love them I wear them working out, I wear them out shopping, i wear them everywhere they are so comfortable
B008F2DOOE A Perfect Fit These pants are form fitting without being uncomfortable.  I love the length and plan to order more in other colors!
B008H27ODO look terrific. Love that price Fit perfectly, look terrific. Love that price!
B008HTOO44 soooo comfy a must buy Love this product sweatshirt is soo comfy cant wait for cooler weather to wear it often ..fits perfectly I bought a few love them
B008J0W4P2 Love it I love this jacket so much! It's perfect  and fit just how I expected it to. And I got it right on time
B008J3CJ7C Love it Great lightweight jacket and stylish too!! The hood is a generous size and covers my 4 yr olds head completely which is great if it drizzles outside.  Love it!
B008K03B6C SO COMFORTABLE I love these pants!!!  They fit perfectly and they're super comfy to run in. I wish I had them in every color!
B008KJ5MWY granddaughter's review I love my Puma jacket. it is soft and very comfortable. I also love the color and found the matching pants at Macy's. When my mother washed it it did not shrink at all. Thanks Nana
B008QX8VWM GREAT PRODUCT! This is what I expected. Very comfortable. I feel like it has improved my game. Very light weight, love the colors, love the brand.
B008QY0MWS Puma Perfect! I love these shoes! They work for everyday and the office too! The fit was spot on and the look great! I highly recommend them.
B008QY1N9O great shoe love them. thanks for the great golf shoes. They will work very well this year.  Love Puma's and the orange
B008QY1X0S Love Love Love These shoes are rock solid - people are looking at my golf attire now instead of my bad swing. Word
B008QY1X0S Love these... These shoes are great. I have a wide foot and these fit perfect. Heaps of grip and very comfortable too.Love having dry feet.
B008R9Y0V6 love love this shoe love love this shoe
B008R9Y0V6 Absolutely Love These Shoes!!! Absolutely Love These Shoes!!!  Perfect!  Great Quality...Awesome Style!  Worth the money!!  Quick delivery.  Very Happy with this purchase.  I wore these all day...feel just like regular sneakers!  They actually made me feel like younger...Love them!!
B008R9Y0V6 love these sneakers! I purchased these for my mom. She absolutely loved them. She said they fit true to size and are very comfortable.
B008R9Y0V6 I love it Very comfortable!Excellent!
B008R9Y0V6 Luv luv luv these sneakers. I love love love these sneaker, very causal you can sport it with jeans,tank top,and a blazer. Hope you guys enjoy your pair of PUMA women's MY/66 wedges.
B008R9Y0V6 premium quality product Bought this shoes for my wife it was just as we wanted premium shoes for a premium girl and she love it, it fit kinda close but the quality made up for it she love it and so did i
B008R9Y0V6 Love It! It's currently my favorite pair of shoes! Not only does it look great, it's also super comfortable and you'd barely feel the wedge.Love it so much that I'd wear it on flights despite the trouble of removing them for security scans!So tempted to get the ones in grey too.
B008R9Y0V6 Love, love, love! These sneakers are super awesome! They fit true to size and are very comfortable. I love them and I will definitely re-order!
B008RLXJCK LOVE THESE GOLF SHOES I love these shoes.  They fit great and are really lightweight.  They are very comfortable.  I may order them in Black also.  AND they were a great price.
B008RLY7NK make foot look small:) I love pumas. They make your foot look smaller. I got a size 10-10.5 foot. This is the 3rd pair I brought off Amazon. I love the colors.
B008VBZPTQ Perfection!!! Love love love this shoe. The colours are bright and the shoe is a perfect fit (11.5 D). Get complimentson it where ever I go. Highly recommended.
B008VQOGQ4 love these shoes these shoes arrived as expected on time and were packaged well.I love the color, the fit and feel.  they were comfortable immediately, requiring no break-in time.this was a special price which added to my excitement and satisfaction level.I would order again from thi merchant and was pleased with all aspects of the transaction
B008VUG4FG Love them. So fresh Love em. My son loves them. They are just what I expected th to be just like when I was younger
B008VUJBLA Great Purchase I love, love these shoes! They're just like I remember wearing as a teen, old school sneaks. So happy with my purchase!
B008VUJBLA Love the Teal Color I ordered 1/2 size up since some reviews were they run small and I they will fit fine with room to grow through spring.  Love the color
B008VUJBLA Puma I love them and the price was fantastic! I love pumas, they fit well and i love the color. They are great
B008VV0TJ2 I love puma My 2 yr old has already had 12 pairs of Pumas. His feet grow fast. I love the styles for little boys and the way they fit!
B008X04KR8 Review My son love the shoes and he was surprised as they look awesome than the picture. The size fits very well.
B0097EJ7M2 Love it love it ... very attractive ... my friends like it. I am definately buying another .. it will be worth it. Product was delivered on time and packaged very good.
B0097YHQ16 I Love It!! I gave this 5 starts because it really fits perfectly and also very comfortable to wear i would defiantly recommend it to a friend.
B0097YHQ16 I love it. I love this product because allways it has a good quality, it has the correct size, and color. Thank you PUMA for make me feel happy.
B009A8FWQA Puma I love it. Its a good material, color, fit. I'm glad I bought this shirt and have worn it many times already.
B009FD2LM8 Fits a love/hate The shoe is nice looking, love the color combo.  I bought a 10 (my normal size), way to big.  Exchanged for a 9.5,  The shoes back is low, feel like your walking out of them when you first put them on, takes some adjustment each time...once adjusted, super comfy. I love that they're reflective, I didn't read that in the reviews I read.. great for night time wearing.  White ones are being ordered now.
B009FDR416 Love these shoes Love these shoes - they fit perfect and very light.  Puma always carry the color combination that I'm looking for.
B009FM3NPI LOVE IT!! Love the limestone gray with the black the two colors together look perfect. The red is just a special touch to it!  The shoe fits true to its size and they'r very comfortable.
B009FM4BCW Great Pumas!!! Love Love these Sneakers.. Old school for sure. Very comfortable planning to buy these again. Worth the money&#8230;Color is what they say, and the stripe is not to bright.
B009FM5NTM excellent i love this shoe it fit right and it is very comfortable on my feet.i love to buy on amaon
B009FMR6D8 Dope Kicks# Really,I am in love with every bit of this shoe.Believe me all my friends love it and my girlfriends favorite.I keep getting compliments and everyone wants to buy it now. My name is Obie,a customer from Russia.
B009FMR6D8 Love the height loving this sneaks, one of the best i had in a bit, love the height you can play with how you want to wear it. Only downside is that i cant find enough ways to use the laces lol
B009FMRIS6 awesome! I love this product! I bought it for my boyfriend who has a hard time finding his size. The quality is great and the packaging a pleasant surprise. I also love that it comes in different colors. Deff a buy again product!
B009FN614C Love them I never order shoes online but these were the perfect fit.  They are very comfortable and fit true to size.
B009FN614C Love my babies I choose this rating because they look so much better then I expected. I so couldn't wait to put them on.
B009FN614C love these! i got the black ones and was so happy to find them in pink. They are brighter than expected but I love them even more
B009FN614C Puma Woamen's Wedge Sneakers Love! Love! Love!  So comfortable and pretty.  Exactly as the picture.  Color and all.  Will definitely purchase several more pairs.
B009FN614C Love my new PUMA! So comfortable!!!! Getting so many complements, Looking sexy-sporty!Love my new PUMA so much, don't want to take them off :)
B009FN614C great product I liked these better than the other one's I bought ( sugar brand blk) because they look more like sneakers and arent as small.  Theyre comfortable and I love the color.
B009FN614C Love these! I was hoping these would be comfy and provide height, but not be too high - and they're perfect!  Just as comfy as any sneaker and they look great with jeans - the jeans I normally wear with heels!  Love them.
B009FN614C Five Stars Love love love. ..the color is vibrant. Order ur right size.
B009FN614C puma wedges love love love these tennis shoes! very comfortable, fits true to size. i have 10 pair and wish i could find them in the other colors in my size. i bought them at an extremely good price which def helped a lot. very versatile - can wear with jeans, leggings, shorts, cotton maxi skirts. would def recommend.
B009FN614C love them they are very comfortable
B009FN614C hot These shoes are sexy they fit true to size. I love them I've gotten so many compliments on them I will be ordering this style In other colors
B009FN614C Love love love my shoes I love my shoes. I got the standard free shopping that was offered and it said was going to take like while to come but it came super fast maybe like in four days I think. But I love my new sneakers
B009FN614C Great buy! Love these shoes .. Extremely comfortable and size fits as expected. Definitely recommend. Cushioning on inside roof makes a huge difference compared to other wedge sneakers.
B009FN614C Loving my Puma's. It fits good and I love the support for my ankles.  I received a lot of compliments on the wish they had the black ones I love them!!!
B009FN614C LOVE THEM I SO LOVE MY WEDGE SNEAKERS. THEY LOOK NICE ON MY FEET.. GETTING ANOTHER PAIR ASAP.  BLACK N WHITE :)
B009FN614C puma shoe i love them great fit they arrived on time and they are comfy to were any where from dressy to sporty they are a must
B009FN614C very stylish I love the brand. Trendy look and comfortable. Fits my style. Everything that I expected. Guaranteed to satisfy. Try it.
B009FN614C Love love love these kicks! The fit is great in so is the sneakers would recommend to others I wear a 7 1/2 so these sneakers r true to size very comfortable
B009FN614C Fancy and Sexy! Fits true to size. Love the color combinations of black and pink and the concealed wedge is of a perfect height.I would love to get other colors as well. Definitely worth the wait and price!
B009FN614C amazing Love love love them. Very comfy. Couldve went up one size but perfect fit and color. Thank you &#9829;&#9829;&#9829; ty
B009FN614C Love them Love them, just what I wanted, get lots of likes every time I wear them, will get another pair for spring time.
B009FN614C Great comfy wedge Love these Puma wedge sneakers. Fashionable & comfortable. Surprisingly comfy...I can be in them all day long. Get lots of compliments.
B009FN614C Happy customer I love them  a lot they are comfortable . I have gotten a lot of complements as well which is good
B009FN614C Love the Colors, Perfect Fit. They look great and you can dress them up or down. Only thing is I noticed that they look good when I am on the thinner side.
B009FN614C Nice I love them! They are very true to size fashionable and comfy. Cant wait to wear them again. Also love the color.
B009FN614C i love them they true to size and so comfortable. i love them. i can wear them all day. the price was good 2.
B009FN614C Love these! Love these sneakers! Great price nice fit! Like wearing heels but much more of a comfort fit! A good purchase!
B009FN614C Awesome colour, perfect fit! Awesome colour! I love the height and comfort! It's really well made! Just the right amount of sporty and chic!
B009FN614C true to size love the color true to size.  and the color was perfect I love puma sneakers they fit so comfortable and love the way it looks with skinny jeans.
B009FN614C Love!!! I love the Puma wdge sneakers. This is my third pair. They are very comfy. I need to wear high top sneakers for the ankle support. These allow me to look a little dressier when going out and to work as opposed to a flast sneaker.
B009FN614C SO CUTE AND COMFY Love these. I usually wear a size 6 but went for the 6 1/3 because Puma does run small sometimes and these fit perfectly. I love the little wedge, as I'm only 5.3 and even if it's just an inch or so, I like to feel taller. They are comfy like regular sneakers but with a little lift. Will buy others now for sure.
B009FN614C I love it Great.  Comfortable and Beautiful.Excwllent!
B009FN614C LOVE THIS SHOE this sneaker is the best it fits perfectly and is very comfortable can go with any outfit very cute #love
B009FN614C I love these shoes! They are very comfortable and stylish.  If I liked every color I would get them in every color.  Pink is my favorite.
B009FN614C GOT MOST COLORS THESE SNEAKERS ARE AWESOME THEY FIT VERY WELL AND ARE VERY COMFORTABLE I TRULY LOVE THIS SNEAKERS THESE ARE THE BEST
B009FN614C Super comfy Love these going to order more in different colors super comfy perfect fit recommend if you are thinking about trying wedge sneakers
B009FN614C stylin feet Love these daring, cool sneakers! They go with everything from workout clothes to skinny jeans. I am usually always a true size 9 and as long as I don't wear too thick of a sock, they are pretty comfy but I wish I went up a 1/2 size for the ultimate fit.  Otherwise, I love them!
B009FN614C New Favorite Shoes These are incredibly comfortable and pretty discreet for the height increase. I love them so much I bought them in another color.
B009FN614C love them they are super comfy. i got a 7. i am typically a 6.5 or 7 and they fit true to size.
B009FN614C Beautiful and comfortable This shoe is very comfortable. I wear it with a sweat pant and love it so much. I got lots of compliments from men and women every time i wear it.
B009FN614C love, love, love These shoes are great I have had so many people stop and tell that they like them. I have the blue and black ones and I love them.  I think I'm going to purchase all of them because I like them so well.
B009FN614C LOVE thhe color! I have received lots of compliments and rightly so.....FABULOUS!  Kinda narrow but very happy with my purchase! Will definitely purchase more colors :-)
B009FN614C good buy love these !! they are a little tight when you first wear them but loosen up as the day goes on
B009FN614C Love it Great price. Fast shipping. Great fit. Love how comfortable the sneaker fits. Will recommend these to all of mt friends
B009FN614C LOVE THEM!!! They are so comfortable. Love them great purchase.I recommend this product especially if you are trying to get a couple inches higher.
B009FN614C Puma Sky Wedge Sneakers Those sneakers feel true to size. Very comfortable, they look great with jeans. I love them and definitely recommend them.
B009FN614C Just right Love them!!! Looks bigger than my size. I believe because of the wedge. Better than expected. Time to but another color :-)
B009FN697G Love, love , love I am not a tennis shoe wearing girl, so these are perfect! They are really feminine and is a compliment to any outfit. They are true to size and really comfortable. I wear a lot of pink and these shoes allow me to accent my wardrobe with just enough color without over doing it.
B009FN697G Very comfortable and stylish I received these shoes as a birthday gift and I love them. They are well constructed and comfortable. I get compliments all the time.
B009FN6NRW Perfect fit! The shoe fits awesome and is very comfortable! I also love the way it looks! Definitely glad that i made this purchase!
B009FN6NRW Love Puma! I love puma! The shoes fit perfectly and this size is rarely ever in stores so I was happy to find these. They are not meant for long runs but very sturdy and easy to clean
B009FN6NRW Awesome! These are so comfortable and light weight. I absolutely love the pink color! Puma is a great brand which I expect to last a while.
B009FN6NRW LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I have had other shoes of this style that were very uncomfortable, with very little support and very rigid. These are not!! They have arch support and are flexible.
B009G1T35M Great shoes! Very comfortable!! I love them! I will say, in the picture the accents look kind of pink, but they're red.
B009G1T35M in love shopped this sneakers..love the fit,the color,, ill recommended to anyone..very light and conmfortable..and the price was excellent.will buy again...thank you
B009G1T5YG Love these shoes Love these shoes. Use then every day when working out
B009G1T5YG Love love love This is a great shoe ready for another pair soon I love running or walking in these shoes, this was my first pair of Puma's.  Will by again next time.
B009G1U2XE Love them Cannot imagine a better pair of shoes for running in. Great grip even with ice. Love that they came in half size. very rare, but perfect for me!
B009G1UD2E I love'em!! They look great and they are very comfortable. These sneakers are a perfect fit for my size 10 medium width feet. I admit if my feet were wider or swollen I wouldn't be able to get them on due to their sock like design. They don't have a tongue. In fact they are slip-ons with laces. Also there isn't any elastic at the opening where you insert your foot, so there is no give. I feel fortunate that they fit me because I love the look and fit.
B009G1UZMC pumas awesome shoes i love them all kinds of complements glad i bought them and atvsuch a great price too love them
B009GLUVAI My husband love it. I love this sneakers , are perfect for run, walk , and for wear all day.I receive on time and exactly what I ordered.
B009HWGD08 love it i love its boxer i want to get another one ...i wish they came in a pac. of 3 or 4that would of been awesome
B009K9OTJA Love them!! Bought these for my son and he loved them! I love puma sneakers for kids they are durable stylish and good price!!
B009KBTSKS like it I have purchased this style before for my girl who really love it. now buy it for future as bought same model before, like the new color
B009KD9IEM LOVE Love this shoe on my boy!!
B009KPFHXQ Love these sneakers! The sneakers was true to size and looks absolutely adorable on my daughter's feet.I can see myself purchasing these again as her feet grow bigger.
B009KRMGFQ Love them When I ordered these shoes they looked black  but they are a dark charcoal grey. I still love them and my daughter does too.
B009KRMGFQ Girls Puma sneakers, a great deal! I love these sneakers because of the ease of purchase, nice style and affordability. Great style, price and fit. Love it!
B009KTOEDG Love the shoes! Love the puma drift cat sneaker and so does my daughter! Definitely a keeper, fit as expected, nice quality shoes.
B009KUEOFS Love them!! My 18 month old daughter loves these shoes.. She wants to wear them every day;) I love that they seem comfortable and they match with anything. They are easy to clean which is also a plus.
B009LA8GFG kids love it Bought 2 different color for my boys, not disappointed.  Did not shrink,good color, doesn't get overly wrinkled ~kids love it
B009LAW850 love it we love the cut and the design because looks very casual, you can wear it with jeans and you will look great
B009MNYG1U great sneakers love the fit n color I originally brought them for my granddaughter but when they came they were to big for her so I kept them for myself n they fit perfect on my feet love the feel of the puma great sneakers love the color great buy.
B009MNYG1U love my PUMA'S I just love my Puma's I have a bad knee and these shoes really help my knee, so when my knee starts to get painful again I know it is time for a new pair of Puma's.
B009MNZO3O Perfect sneakers I love my sneakers, I use them with jeans, casual outfits and are perfect, just as I expected.The delivery was on time and in perfect conditions.
B009NGLO4I great tee!! Absolutly love quality, style and fit. Bought it for my 4 year old, who is tall. And size 5 fits him perfectly!If your kids love puma/ferrari , like mine do, go for it. I'm so satisfied with this product!
B009PSP9FE I love it This is a great quality hoody!! I love the silk like blue that is swen into the hood. It really sets this hoody apart from others.
B009R9D60G Puma California I love these sneakers. I like the fact that they are suede, and also that they have them in different colors for different cities.
B009STI9NO Happy pumas It's what I wanted and I got it that's shy I love the  sneakers and the way they fit also.
B009STNEF2 Designer Shoes I currently own one which i love, a bit expensive where i bought it. I had to go with a larger size than i usually wear because of the width. I'm usually a 11 or 11.5.I love the colors ,design, durability, comfort. I will have to buy a few different colors. Thank you.
B009STNEF2 best pumas yet only wear puma and love it. if you are on the fence wait no more jump on it..go for it
B009STNEF2 Perfect Greaaaaaaattttttttt!!!! I love the color,the brand,everything. A lot of people are asking me from where I get it. love it
B009STNEF2 Fantastic sneakers Super comfortable and extremely stylish. Love the grey black yellow combo. True to size fit. This is my second pair of pumas and love the quality put into their sneakers.
B009SUAWDI love my shoes I love my puma running shoes! Its soo comfortable and it just fits right on my feet...awesome! I give you a 5 star...
B009SUAWDI LOVE! I'm a huge Puma fan and was thrilled once again.  They fit great and are super comfortable.  I would definitely recommend!!
B009SWX7TW Love I absolutely love these shoes.  They're super light and they look great with everything I wear.  I'm probably going to buy another pair.
B009XFYTCS My son's love this shirt Great material/color and the fit was good/ I will definitely order more colors in this shirt and other products from Puma
B009YGXRQ0 I love this, perfect Bough this for my son, he's 20 month, and size 24 just fit, I just love it, when it first time he wear it, he do a boxing style and hit me.
B00A005X4S Too Cute and Comfy shoe Love love love the shoe fits well, and is comfortable.  the bos it comes in is also a bag for storage or traveling needs.  Goes well with leggings capri's and is super fun just to ear around the house.  I have received alot of compliments and where did i get those comments.
B00A008HR8 Great Color, comfy and stylish Love the color (helps that it was the cheapest color too!).  Love the mini wedge, goes well with a pair of skinny jeans or leggings when you're lounging.  I wore these when I went on a long weekend in Newport and they were comfy sneaks to walk around all day in.
B00A008HR8 AWSOME LOOKING SHOES I love these shoes! The color is amazing. I now have 2 pair-the other in purple and love them both.
B00A008HR8 Love these sneakers I had been looking for a comfortable shoe to wear with jeans on weekends while running errands, etc.  These sneakers are so cute! I rarely order anything online but I'm glad I took the chance because I haven't seen this particular style/color in the stores.  I love the opal gray color as it goes with everything and the small wedge heal is the perfect height, not too tall. I ordered size 7.5 and it fits perfectly. I also opted for standard shipping which was free and had them within 5 days of the order.  I am Very happy with this purchase!
B00A008HR8 love em to death. hott! i love them!! they are extra cute & fit just fine. i wish the right foot could be slightly bigger, but thatz with all my shoes. perfect fit tho.
B00A7H8Z3A I love it so much, I want another one! I love it so much, I want another ine, in different color. Its small and cute and I got many compliments on it. Loooove it!thanks!
B00A7H8Z3A I love it I love the design, the color, the material. It can be a little small for someone, so double check the measures.
B00A7H92SW LOVE IT The logo is actually gold or copper-tone like a penny or maybe even rustic looking...still nice but not silver, that is the only thing I noticed that is different from the picture other than that I LOVE it.
B00AAJDQSY puma girls rise above twofer tank I love this tank the colour is just bright.Item was delivered in good condition, I love it simply gorgeous, could not have  made a better purchase!
B00AAZPHDU Love this shirt My son looks great with it on!! I will buy another in a different color. Happy with the shirt & will buy another soon.
B00AB2N1AS love them Coo, stylish and practical. They are very good and price excellent. The feature I love the most is the case I can fit my regular glasses in there as well so I don't have to worry about damaging either pair of eye ware.
B00AK3MNSY Loved them Very comfy and look so good.. I love them n my daughters love them.. One of my daughter is very picky abt her clothes fitting right n she loves wearing her new rockstar pants
B00AKDMKIC Puma shirt Great quality! Love it! I was very happy and ordered two more of them. May even order more of them.
B00AKUCU7G Great item Love it. I use it as a warm up or after workout jacket. Lightweight and comfortable. Would definitely recommend this
B00AOAQAJG Super comfy and great looking I got the same model in grey before. I love the model, so I decided to stock up with different colors. Go for them if you are looking for a casual, walking shoes.
B00AOAQAJG It's okay. I love the color combination. It's okay,@ first i thought this should be fine although there's no allowance for my toes,thinking it will stretch, but as i wear it longer,it hurts my feet a little bit.. I love the color combination.
B00AOAQAJG Perfect wedge Love the color and the shoes are very comfortable. The wedge is low so to me it helps give just enough lift for a perfect fit.
B00AOATXAO awesome Their awesome that's why ..u guys should try these I'm in so much love ever ...yes !!!!!! :) ..,
B00AOATXAO Love them! After reading other reviews I did order a whole size bigger than I usually wear and they fit perfect! I love these shoes!
B00AOATXAO LOVE I'm 4'11.... These shoes make me feel like an Amazon.  Very comfy.  I've even worn them to the gym with yoga pants.
B00AOATXAO perfect color combo, height and fit! It fits perfectly! I love the color combination! It can be worn with a number of all fits.  Most importantly, although its a showstopper it is not too much!
B00AOATXAO I love these shoes I bought all colors and they are so cute and comfortable, I get so many compliments on these shoes.  I love them:)
B00AOBAAQO Love the color, not the fit. love the look, not so much the fit. Tight in the toe box but can be worn for short periods of time. Expected more from PUMA.
B00AOBC4JA Love these shoes I have 3 pair of the PUMA Zany, I love them all.  They are lightweight, flexible and very comfortable from the minute you put them on.I really like the variety of colors you can get - it puts some FUN in the shoe!
B00AOBC4JA Puma Slip On Fashion Sneaker I own many pairs of these in different colors, they are the most comfortable shoes, I could shop all day in these shoes, they feel like a pair of bedroom slippers, love love .......  :)
B00AOBCTIQ Love them! I love Puma Ballet Flats! So comfortable! I did order half a size up and they fit great. I can spend all day in these shoes comfortable and look super cute.
B00AOBD728 Love these Colors and fit are as expected. These fit nicely into my Puma collection. These shoes are very comfortable! Very pleased with this order
B00AOBELPU Super comfy! These shoes slip on/off easily (even while tied) and are very comfortable. I love purple but if you don't you might opt for another color because it is bright but I love it
B00AOBFEC4 love them They fit perfectly. They arrived on time. I love the way the look on me to. I should have been smarter to not cook in them because I spilt Greece on them. I hope it washes out.
B00AOBFEC4 super I love these!  So comfy! I want them in every color and will order some as soon as they are re-stocked in my size.
B00AOBFEC4 Dope Sneakers I love em!!!! I didn't expect them to be as comfortable as they are! Love the color and the price!
B00AOCAP9A Light and bright They are true to size and so light; almost like not having any shoes on. They breathe well, and are cold this time of year but I'm sure it will be perfect for summer. Love the bright but not too bright color!
B00AOCAP9A Love the Puma's! I love the fit, the color and the feel. They are light as a feather, which I really love. My puma's move with my feet and that is comfort!
B00AOCAP9A Love them!! They are So lite and comfortable!! I get Lots of compliments on the color! I Will be purchasing them again definitely
B00AOCAP9A Love!! Light, airy, and comfy. Enough said. It feels like you don't even have shoes on. I wore them a few hours, just around the house to break them in, and seriously forgot I had shoes on. LOVE.
B00AOCAP9A LOVE I love these shoes!  The colors are bright and fun, but more importantly, the shoes fit well and are perfect for gym workouts.  I am not a runner, so I am not sure if these would be good for running, but they work well for cross-training.  So happy with them that I will probably order another pair in a different color.
B00AOCAP9A Review of PUMA'S Formilite XT Ultra Cross-Training Shoe Love my PUMAS! Perfect fit, great color, and so lightweight! I would highly recommend these shoes tp anyone. I searched for a year to find this color -so happy!
B00AOCAP9A Super light and comfortable These sneakers are amazing.  They are so lightweight and comfortable and I just love the color! I also have the purple ones.  I would highly recommend them.  They run true to size.
B00AOCAP9A Love. LOVE. LOVE!!!!!! Oh gosh, I LOVE these shoes so much that I never let them touch a floor other than the one at the gym! Not only are they bright and comfortable, but when I run in them, I swear I feel like I'm flying, haha! I might just buy a second pair so I can actually wear them outside of the gym!
B00AOCAP9A Perfect! Hugs your foot well, good for movement. Can wear all day without your feet hurting too! I love the color it came with too!
B00AOCAP9A I REALLY ENJOY MY Pumas I REALLY ENJOY MY Pumas. Very comfortable and light on my feet. I highly recommend them. I also love the pink color.. the packaging was great. and i got them on day promised.. way to go Amazon.
B00AOCDNJ4 Pretty Love these, love the fit, love the color, awesome to work out in. Very supportive.
B00AOCDNJ4 pumas on my second pair of these and love them. obnoxious hot pink and i love it! and the soles glow in the dark...awesome!! fits true to size, slightly wider feet and still perfect size. firm yet nicely padded footbed. love them!!!
B00AOCDNJ4 love them they fit fantastic and feel great on my feet!! I would most definitely recommend these and order them again. Thanks
B00AOCDNJ4 Love these shoes! Love these shoes... They feel very supportive...& I love the color over the net of shoes it protects while giving great fashion!
B00AOCE7IA I wait a long time for them, but I love it!!!!!!! My new puma are beautiful, comfortable, just i love it&#8230;. Just fit some large&#8230; but is not a problem with a socks is fixed...
B00AOCE7IA The Sole of a foot. I love puma shoes also every size is perfect  fit thanks. If possible next time inside bottom make more soft.
B00AOCE7IA Fit like my other Pumas I love them!
B00AOD4TAA so nice These sneakers have gotten so many compliments, i love them!!  the sizes are men so make sure you order 2 sizes down
B00AOD8YMO Love these shoes I LOVE these shoes, and I get tons of compliments when I wear them. They're bright... But awesome. Just what I wanted
B00AOD8YMO Love the color After about a day of breaking in the shoes, they are really comfortable to wear and my kids love the color.
B00AOD8YMO Woman buyer I buy mens sneakers because my feet are too big for Ladies size.So I look for the more girly looking ones.I love the way these Look,but more importantly love the way they fit! They are now wide which I love they fit.They are foot slimming,they fit more true to what my feet are.Where as my other men sneakers in another brand while feeling good they make my foot look bigger and wider than it is.I liked these cause the feel good and look more feminine,Just bought a pair in women's size for my daughter too see she liked them so much too
B00AODTEZA Love them! The comfort is amazing!  Love that able to put inserts in the shoes that work for my particular foot problem!
B00AODVKJI pumas Love the shoes look the same and the pictures no scuffs no wear at  all. Brand new as expected. Love amazon quick like the easy button. ;)
B00AODW9HA best 1- i love the puma logo on the shoes , it's big logo , every one can see it2- comfortable3- nice mixed colors ( yellow green & black & orange )--i love it
B00AODW9HA Awesome shoes I really love these shoes. I ordered then a half size bigger like everyone suggested and love the look and feel of these.  I took them out on a walk this weekend and had a great time.
B00AOE059S As always Great fit with superior construction. Love the shoes and actually went back and bought 2 more pairs. A must buy
B00AOE059S Happily surprised Excellent. Fits perfectly.  I might buy these again. Love not having to lace up.  Fits like a glove. Love puma
B00AOMV7YW They were greay They were in great quality and it's because I love pumas too for any body else I recommend them 100%
B00AONVA52 excelente beauty and confortable! i love it! its the same size... excelente beauty and confortable! i love it! its the same size... thanks for the time is perfect and is very comfortable
B00AONW9JS Love it Amazing. Buyers please buy this.
B00AONW9JS Excellent!!! This is another great sneakers from Puma.Love it so much. Very light and stylish.Recommended to everyone who wants to feel  comfortable.
B00AONWIC6 I love these Pumas Seriously, they're the most comfortable shoes I've ever bought.Size fit as expected.They last 1-2 years with heavy wear and tear.
B00AONX3AW go get it! It's perfect and stylish,  that's what I love it. I recommend it, it's the best shoes ever. It's comfortable and awesome.
B00AOOH730 love it love these shoes. i love suede. these look very unique and they are comfortable. i wear them with shorts or pants.
B00AOOK2OG Love my puma I love this puma. It fits perfect, exactly what I was expecting. I feel very comfortable in them. Very nice.
B00AOOZ1OC Super light, Perfect color, Love it. The delivery comes very quickly. The shoes are super light. I like the yellow color very much. And the size just fit perfectly. Also not expensive. I will probably buy another pair with different color, so I can have two pairs. Conclusion, love this.
B00AORB3DW love the shoes They fit true to size & have worn well after 2 months.  The color is bright & vivid and looks great.
B00AORB3DW Love these cleats! These are some of the lightest cleats I've ever worn. Very comfortable. So far, love these things. Will update if they start to break down unreasonably quickly.
B00AY6107M pimp daddy by far the most comfortable puma that i have purchased.  i love everything about this shoe.  the colors pop and they attract attention.  the ladies love them.
B00AY6107M Another Great Puma Product These shoes are super comfortable and very well made. I love them! I have never had a bad experience with anything made by Puma.
B00AY6107M Rather than that I love the it was confusing because it gave two different sizes. So I didn't know which one to pick from. Rather than that I love the shoes
B00AYBQOGO Love this outfit! I am just in love with this Puma outfit!! The colors are exactly as expected and even cuter in person! My favorite part of this outfit is the sleeve detail with the bows, LOVE it! And for the price of it, you can't go wrong!
B00AZEAI2G Perfect workout tank Love this workout tank - it is definitely forgiving but not super loose. A perfect workout tank!  Does not show sweat! Love the color.
B00B0E6RIE Love them. I love these steel toe shoes. They are even still comfy after a long night at work on my feet. I found out from a friend the puma made safety shoes and decided to give them a try. Wonderful. The delivery was fast  also.
B00B1E4QSQ Love Them I love the colors the fit, how much more comfortable I feel while exercising. I will totally recommend this shoes.
B00B1E4QSQ My new Pumas I absolutly love, love, love my new shoes. I have a wide foot so i got a size bigger, just to give me more room in the width. They fit perfect, as a matter of fact im going to order another pair while there on sale.
B00B1E4QSQ Love them - use them for boxing and weightlifting Love the way they fit and Look! Took others suggestions and ordered a 1/2 size bigger than usual...and they were perfect!
B00B1E4QSQ love it i really love this puma but i would normally wear a size9 u,s and so i ordered a size 9 not knowing the uk fit is different so i have to reorder one how because i really love the shoe
B00B1E4QSQ LOVE I love these shoes!!! They are so comfortable!!! Shoulda bought more than one pair!! I'm a Puma shoe wearer for life!!!
B00B1E5NU6 Perfect my nephew is in love with the shoes their perfect his happy and his say their are comfy to wear
B00B1E5NU6 fit as expected I love these shoes, hi-tops are the best models and combine with everything .. quite comfortable to wear them feel. I recommend!
B00B1E5NU6 Loved them I heart PUMA.  Their shoes are super comfortable.  I love high-tops.  PUMA has never done me wrong.  Thank you for a great purchase.
B00B4S2QUE Stylin and Smilin These shoes art totally comfortable and smart! Love them and I also love that the tongue it attached to the insole. Awsome!
B00B503JTS LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these cleats! I absolutely love these cleats! I ordered them half a size larger than I would buy my sneakers, as they are typically a skinnier type of shoe and they fit perfect!
B00B53B1OU We love the design We love the design, very pretty shoe but my daughter is in a 1 and a 2 wasn't big enough. I had to go a 2.5! They run very small. Not a huge deal, although annoying to send back via UPS.
B00B5EDEZI I love my purple shoes I am so happy I bought these in a size 10. Most shoes I am a size 9 1/2 but these I wouldn't have been able to put them on. I love the shoes they look great and are very cute.
B00B5HUIO0 lots of people love them and I do too Comfy, lots of people love them and I do too. I love the color and they fit awesomely.
B00B5HUIO0 Retro I love the retro look and since my son always wears out the front, I love how the toe area is protected with that rubber that goes around the sneaker.
B00B5KZACC pumas this is the best shoe , i love this buy. i want to recommend it by far. this is  a buy again site
B00B5W0110 LOVE IT I LOVE FERRARI SHOES I BOUGHT FOR MY KID THREE DIFFERENT COLOR BUT I HAVE TO TAKE ONE SIZE MORE BECAUSE OF SLIM CUT
B00B5W0FHK love the shoes Fit prefect love the style son loves them too. I like that there is no show lace. Like the style like I said
B00B5W0FHK i love it! i love these sneakerscute, comfortable. great job pumaits baby/toddler friendlyit looks so cute on my baby boy feet.i would recommend
B00B5W0FHK Great shoes My dauther love them for school and i love them to. Great shoes for a girl totally recomended i love the color
B00B5W0FHK Love Love them! They are perfect, super cute and easy to get on and off. Highly recommend these for anyone with a lite girl looking for a good pair of tennis shoes.
B00B5W0UUW LOVE LOVE LOVE I love how sparkly and shiny the silver and pink are on these shoes. They fit well and are easy for my daughter to put on by herself.
B00B5W0UUW Love the fit Love them. They are more supportive than expected. They fit well. My daughter has narrow feet. She gets Lots of compliments!
B00B7LUG00 I love it Great Looking
B00B7LUG00 cool new puma's:) i love the fit, the comforti love my new pair of bisquits!there like jazzing jeff on steriod..happy buy.
B00B7LUG00 Love it Shoes fit just right and colors are great.
B00B7LUG00 I love these sneakers! I only wear Puma sneakers and these fit perfectly!They are so comfortable which is a plus because I work on my feet all day.
B00B7LUG00 i love the price and the quality its just a little big big so i'll probably just get some foot inserts :-)
B00B7LV8V6 Love these shoes! I ordered a half size up as recommended and they fit great! Love the color and the fit. Very breathable material that will be great for hot summer days. Would buy them again!
B00B7LV8V6 ahhh !! must order ! I ordered these along with 3 other pairs of Pumas, I received them less then a week after I ordered. They fit perfect, I recommend getting a half size bigger if you're not sure. SO comfortable, I would definitely buy again, they are so light weight, it feels like your wearing sock, yet they are well cushioned. when i first got them, i right away put them on and went to disneyland, being on your feet all day, they did well! no complaints, i love love love them !
B00B7LV8V6 I LOVE THEM BUT... I WILL ORDER ANOTHER PAIR IN A LARGER SIZE. I LOVE THIS SHOE, BUT IT DOES NOT LOVE ME BACK. OUCH!
B00B7LY4HQ Great Workout shoe! I'm not a big fan of sneakers...I love high heels.  But I needed a pair for the Gym.  These are so comfortable, soft, and flexible!  I love!
B00B7LY4HQ Very light! I love these sneakers they have a very light weight and are very comfortable! I have tried is different workouts at the gym and definitely I recommend this product.
B00BAYYE2K They are great Love them... Just about 1/2 a size too big. They are very comfortable though. Super vibrant too which I was hoping for!!
B00BBXN0S4 Super cute! But runs small! I love love love this outfit! Looks just like it does in pictures and is adorable! The sizing kind of runs small but still very happy!
B00BEEOODU son loved it Cant get him to wear other stuff. every time this is washed, he is wearing it. Love the colors. :)
B00BEIQAH4 McLovin I love these sneakers. They fit true to size and they are comfy. Have had them on for a couple hours and you dont even realize they are wedges. The details on them are amazing. The gold on them is a rose colored gold which gives them a really girly/dainty feel. Love ,Love  love!!!!
B00BOZAW6W love this shoe I get compliments everywhere I go..people ask me all the time where did I get my shoes I try not to tell them...
B00BS9LAE2 love it! excellent product!  the socks are very soft and comfortablegood price and good qualityvery satisfied with the productI love the colors!
B00C5UOFS6 Comfortable! Great shoes, love the color, love the style, I have a bad back and these shoes lessen the pain, will look for them in another color
B00C5UPSS2 So Confortable I love the shoes.  If you are looking for someone you can pretty much wear all the time, this one is for you
B00C6AH8J8 Bright Red and Bright Yellow Exactly what I was looking for. I love them! If you like flashy, these are the shoes to buy! Love them.
B00C6AH8J8 I rate 5 because puma never disappoint I love this shoe, I love puma, 98% of the shoes I buy is from puma, they make good strong, topclass stuff
B00C6BOILS I love the look of it I had to get used to the back of my heel, it rubbed it raw a few times, after those healed it does not bother me anymore, just a matter of getting them broken in. I love the look of it. It fits decently, my fault for not getting a little smaller. I overall am satisfied with this purchase.
B00C6BPP10 Love Pumas! I Love this shoe!! It's true the sizes are a little off, order one size up & they fit great!
B00C6BPP10 Comfortable and east style I ordered a suez up but had to return for my actual size. Love these shoes.  So comfortable.  Can wear with black athletic pants or jeans.
B00C6BUJDY Hot color ! I love the fit n the pretty colors and even better the price!!theses will go in my suitcase straight to the Caribbean on vacation..can't wait
B00C6BUJDY Love them! I love these shoes and get tons of compliments on them. I wear a 7 1/2 and it fit great! Look great too!
B00C6BUJDY best sneakers ever I love these sneakers. They are true to cut and so comfortable. They look great with anything. You can dress them up or down. I am definitely gonna order some more
B00C6BUJDY In love! I love these wedge sneakers. They fit perfect and look so nice. Definitely a great buy coz I see myself wearing these a lot this spring/summer.
B00C6BUJDY I so love my shoes! I love them they are just as pretty as I thought they would be! Comfortable fix! My 1st time buy footwear from amazon I must say I'm truly happy with my purchase!
B00C6BUJDY Love them I love them very fashionable and can be worn with just about anything. Dress them up or down, anyone thinking about buying this sneaker will be very happy and not to mention you can't beat the price.
B00C6BUJDY I love my sneakers, they are super comfy!!! I have these in another color too because I love them sooo much.  Puma makes great sneakers and I can walk in them for hours.
B00C6BUJDY love them It fits good and I just love the shoe. Did I mention very comfortable, and the sneaker came on the exact day as expected.
B00C6BUJDY Love my shoes Found these, loved the price and I was afraid with size; but it fits perfect and they're gorgeous, love my new shoes and got them faster than I expected, thank you!
B00C6BUJDY Love these! These have become my favorite sneakers. I'm short and hate wearing any time of flat shoe, so I love the fact that these have a wedge. I think that these are the best wedge sneakers (made by a sneaker company) out right now. They are well made. And the wedge is not obvious. They are so comfortable and stylish. I get compliments on them every time I wear them. They fit true to size. Don't think twice about getting them - buy them and you won't be disappointed.
B00C6BUJDY Stylish and Comfortable I absolutely and positively love love my shoes.  I wear a size 6.5 B and they are a perfect fit!! All Smiles!!
B00C6BUJDY great fit everyone wants to know where I purchased the shoes.  I love them and enjoy all the attention that I am getting!
B00C6BUJDY Love my shoes Love my pumas they are what I expected and even more. I've been receiving so many compliments on my shoes.
B00C6EW87G love love loooove them I absolutely love these shoes supper comfortable you can were them eany where really light I must say these are my favorite shoes and I have alooooooot of shoes ..
B00C6EW87G LOVE THEM, but not the size. I bought these about 3 months ago. I love them! the only thing I don't like about them is they are a little snug. Which it really didn't matter, because I originally bought them for weight lifting.
B00C6F6BYQ Love Them I love these shoes.  Puma has really stepped their game.  The fit perfect.  If you are a sneaker fanatic, you will definitely like these.
B00C6FBWX6 Puma cross-training shoe I love my shoes the color combo and they are very comfortable while i'm taking my cross-fit classes , especially love the prompt delivery.
B00C70VXMU love it my grandson just the Puma set ,hopping one day you get one in all red ,he love red ..thank you
B00C7JZXAY love it the green wasn't as bright as we thought so that made me very happy, great shirt , my kid will love it for sure.
B00C7L2S0U Nice The material is rich. Recommended .  Love it,  lovely collection of clothing. trendy, sports like, original, every little girl will love to have one.
B00C7VDWJQ Love, Love, Love I love this hoodie and it is so comfy and soft to wear. I will be purchasing more hoodies soon!
B00C92ZEHG LOVE!! Love this jacket, it fits the little boy I bought it for to a T! Would buy more products of this sort again!
B00C9H8040 perfect "throw on" jacket i wear this to and from work. it is made well (as with all puma clothing/shoes) and love the color. and for $18 how can u go wrong!? love it!
B00C9IT5WK Very warm and comfortable Wish they made them in Plus Size too as a lot of friends love the way they look on me
B00CAJT9OW Love it! Bright colors, very very beautiful. My daughter got so happy with her new shoes, she asked to put them on right away. I love it!
B00CAJT9OW Highly satisfied I bought these pumas for my grandson and they fit great!  I love the color and the way they look..
B00CAJT9OW WE LOVE IT!!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH WE LOVE THEM!!!!!! AND THEY FIT AMAZING. MY SON WANTS TO WEAR THEM ALL THE TIME =)
B00CAJXM0Y I LOVE these shoes I LOVE these shoes.  I know Pumas tend to run large so while I normally wear a size 9, I ordered these in 8.5 and they fit perfect.  They're a very flexible shoe with a lot of cushion in the heel and a good arch support.  The color is an awesome purple and the white accents on the Puma logo and the side swoosh glow in the dark.  The purple rubber on the heel glows in the dark as well.  I don't run, I just bought these for walking around (because they look so cool!) & they're great.
B00CAJZDHY Love it I would recommend this shoe, I love it. I wear a 8.5 in shoes so I ordered my tennis shoe in a 9 due to I will wear with socks, and it's a perfect fit.
B00CAK48O2 Love it. Love the colors representing the Subaru Global Rallycross. Shoe looks,  fits and feels comfortable. Glad to have add this my collection!
B00CAK8MW6 Love it! This tennis shoes are pretty and very comfortable. They run thru size and are as expected. I just love it!
B00CJRPQ7E Love it Very comfortable, cute and very good for summer when it is really hot outside.  We love the color on the sides too
B00CMODF2C GORGEOUS!!! I Love how this shirt looks on my toddler, the price was perfect, also got here very fast, and it fit her beautiful..i will buy again from This seller, and i totally recommend this!
B00CN5B73O love puma I love this we got a purple and blue one as well and matching shoes for both she looks adorable sporting it off
B00CN5BRSE love the colour The outfit perfect great quality nice colour definitely my daughter will love it im thinking to by one more whith difference colour
B00CWL2EWC Love them .... A must Love the sneakers. Received many compliments and they are super comfortable.  I have delicate feet and not once was I in pain.
B00CWL2EWC Puma I love these shoes, very comfortable and I get lots of compliments. I wear 7.5 and ordered 7.5 and they fit perfect.
B00CWL2EWC love them~ Awesome sneakers, stylish and super comfortable.The colors are brilliant, dress any outfit up.I have walked miles in these, and will continue to do so.Get them you will not be disappointed.
B00D4KBE9E love it love itfitted greatlooks greatneeds to order some morehope they have different colours and more sizes for me
B00DGQR40E Love the color I love the color but it was a bit large for my grandson. He will grow into it in time.
B00DHJQ39S Love at first sight Love the bright color! I'm a person that loves to stand out with vibrant colors so there's were perfect for me! They are one of a kind! And they are pretty lightAnd comfortable! For $60-'that's a steal
B00DHJQ39S Awesome and easily cleaned. Love love love these shoes. They are super light weight but still have the cushioning I need. I wear a size 9 and my footjoys made my feet look enormous. These look like regular good - looking puma tennis shoes. I have gotten lots of compliments on them! They were very dirty after my first use and I just wiped them clean. Look good as new...
B00DNNZEP2 Love the shoes but they are a tad big Love the shoes but they are a tad big. I may have to send them back. But the show is in great condition
B00DNO0QRC Love My Old School Pumas I like old school shoes. So when I was looking for some new kicks and I saw these blue Pumas I had to have them. The shipping was fast and when I received them not only did they look as good as pictures but they fit great. I wore them for Fathers Day and all the youngster in my Family kept telling me how good they looked.Love my shoes thank you vey much!!!
B00DOE8S9O Love puma's Love puma's cause there right between casual and classy there just simple light stylish but not flashy good everyday shoe, and for 40 dollars you just cant beat it.
B00DOG4R2Y i love i now have 3 pairs. i love them
B00DOJQ0D0 Love them Beautiful shoes!
B00DOJQ0D0 Great style, fit perfect love it really recommended if ... Great style, fit perfect love it really recommended if you play indoor soccer ship was too fast and i use the standard ships
B00DQNSIT8 Great buy!!! Love the color, the feel and the fit this is an idea shirt for school.  Will buy this brand again.
B00DQYYVAM awesome shoe I love the color combination on these shoes and i was gladly surprise that they were very comfortable. Bought the white ones as well.
B00DQZ2YD2 Awesome! They fit pretty well and are comfortable to wear. They are really light too! Just what I wanted! Love Puma!
B00DRJIFBC Love the shirt Easily became my favorite shirt. Im female and went with a large in case it shrinks. But i love this purchase.
B00DRTZIEO Love it, great! Love it, fits great. Quite soft, not too thick or thin, and wears very comfortably. Very chic design, right on the Ferrari-design line. Legs are not too loose, so looks very fit as well.Highly recommended!Update: so good that ordered another one.
B00DRUGRAC Love my mesh Tee! It took me weeks to find this item once I started looking. I got a really good deal and love the way it looks and fits!
B00DT5PLMK love it Just love it. ..!! The perfect jersey for the best team in the world.perfect jearsey, puma is the best brand
B00DTX9448 Love this PUMA They are made very well.. Awesome price.. coloring is good, not cheap looking, comfortable..I would definitely recommend them  or buy them in another color!!
B00DTZFZCQ love love love them these are just amazing shoes. my baby boy loved them, and he is very picky about shoes. He instantly wanted to go outside and ride his bike. He kept jumping in them. He said they are very comfortable
B00DU0P368 Love these shoes These are great light weight shoes that my toddlers love! They can even pull them off and put them on without my help.
B00DUH976I excellent excellent. I LOVE IT
B00DULXWII :) Love these lil shoes fit my baby boy perfect and he looks handsome..... Look good with anything that he wears love the colors of the shoes!!!!... Just love the shoes
B00DULXWII I love the style of these shoes I love the style of these shoes, however they seem to make my toddlers feet very hot.  Not very breathable.
B00DULXWII Love them Love the shoes and so does my nephew very comfortable and they look nice with almost anything. Great fit for his lil fat foot,
B00DW2MBL4 love this! color is dead on from the photo to the product. it fits my nephew great! i def. would recommend it!
B00DY6160A love them! Love these shoes!  I have foot problems and I'm on my feet all day.  I find that regular flats uncomfortable after a few hours and sneakers just don't look great.  These fit great and are so comfy!  Light weight and soft with a little support.  I wish there were more colors
B00DY61M0E Puma Women Zandy Ballet Flat I just love the comfort and fit of this shoe, everyone loved them and now I want the other colors too.
B00DY75DWQ Love my new DipDyes! These shoes are fun and super cute!  I was also surprised at how light and pliable they are...it's like wearing no shoes at all.  I love them!
B00DY75DWQ Light weight The colors are true to the picture.  The fit is true to size.  You hardly feel  them on your feet.  If you are looking for an arch or support, this is not the shoe for you.  They are comfortable.  Received many compliments at the gym.  Love the colors.
B00DY77J28 shoes I am wearing them right now and I love them! I going to go on line and buy some more in other colors
B00DY77J28 Love these sneakers! Love these sneakers. Very comfortable and cute. I am very happy with this purchase. I wouldn't mind having these in several different colors.
B00DY7TR3W Love Love everything about this shoe! The comfort is exceptional. Well built and sturdy. Better than I expected. The color is perfection.
B00E6BQ1DO Love this jacket! I love this jacket.  It's super soft and lightweight.  The only thing that I haven't liked is that it's starting to pill around the wrists, otherwise it's great!
B00E6O333W Love puma! I bought this for my niece for her first birthday. It fit great and she looked absolutely adorable in it
B00EDHUOZM Love it Great color and feel and fit my 14 yr old teenage boy perfectlyI want to get  one for myself now.
B00EDHUOZM Awesome Love it .. It's so soft will buy another ones inf different colors ... Worth every dollar I spent !
B00EDHUOZM so comfy love this hoodie! Love love love this sweatshirt I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 only because I thought it was a little pricey but the quality is great keeps me warm and I love it!!! A true dark blue beautiful hoodie..I would recommend buying this product...ansd it arrived nice and quickly :)
B00EDOMUYI Love love My husband loves them thank you!!
B00EDOMUYI I love Pumas, but I am a bit disappointed with ... I love Pumas, but I am a bit disappointed with this pair. I'll keep them, but they just don't fit as well as other Pumas with similar design.
B00EDOR4L2 I really wanted to love this shoe because i love the colors and the ... I really wanted to love this shoe because i love the colors and the style... But i returned them. They fit awkwardly, and i am on my feet all day.
B00EDOR4L2 Best buy ever This is an excellent purchase. I just love my Pumas. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable; the weight is just right (nothing airy-fairy about them) and I can wear them all day without discomfort. And oh the colors. I am just so happy with this purchase.
B00EDOR4L2 i love them, and it fits very good Colors are as bright as the image, i love them, and it fits very good, they are very comfortable
B00EDOR4L2 I love it I wasn't sure that it was gonna fit. But it did with a little breathing room.It's really comfy and I'd definitely recommend this product.
B00EDOR4L2 I love them! So comfy! I love them!
B00EDOR4L2 Love these. I actually work for Amazon and I'm ... Love these. I actually work for Amazon and I'm on my feet almost 12 hours a day. These leave no blisters and are comfortable.
B00EDOR4L2 love these shoes Super great for running and I love the look. The shoe runs like most Puma shoes - a bit tighter around the middle for additional support, which I love.
B00EDOR4L2 Colorful Shoes Love them.  They fit great and look awesome.  Love the comfort they provide.
B00EDOR4L2 Love my PUMA's Love my shoes.  Very comfortable when walking or running.  Excellent buy too...
B00EDOR4L2 Great!!!! I really love the fit, and the color.
B00EDOR4L2 Normal sneaker with great color! I have fat feet and I dislike wearing sneakers in general because they squeeze my feet.  These have a normal fit and I love the colors!  I get a lot of compliments about how pretty they are.  I love the little symbol on the front.
B00EDOR4L2 I didn't love the color on me I didn't love the color on me.  It was just what I was expecting, but I decided the bright coral/pink was a little too flashy for my liking, so I returned them in exchange for the same style, different color.  I normally wear a 7, but ordered in a 7.5 per other reviews and I'm happy I did.  I haven't gone running in them yet, but wearing them around the house so far, they are very comfortable. I'm happy with my purchase.
B00EDOR4L2 Excellent choice Love them!! Very Comfortable
B00EDOR4L2 Love love love!!! I'm typically a Puma aficionado - I love the look of their shoes, I love the fit of their shoes and I love working out in them. I was a little hesitant on the color at first, however once I opened these I fell in love. They fit very comfortably, and probably as typical Puma wearers know, it is a good idea to order about a half size up (which I did and they fit perfectly). Definitely recommend these and can't wait to hit the pavement :)
B00EDOR4L2 Love them I love them they look exactly like the picture and they are comfortable but they are giving me blisters :-)
B00EDOR4L2 Love them! the picture does them no justice... they are well made and the colors are awesome... fit was right on... comfy from first time I put them on... well worth the money...
B00EP0N06C Love Love Love Love this outfit. ...Received as a gift and my daughter outgrew it so happy I found it again true to size...Highly recommended!!!!
B00EPEPIYU Love Bought this for my son and they are a perfect fit. Will buy again from Puma. Colors are good too.
B00ETHZV2M My Puma's I love the look of the shoes and the price is good. They are kind of narrow but after you break them in you are fine. They look great with jeans! I love them!
B00ETHZV2M Perfect So perfect! i love it... nice shoes n_n it's very comfortable. the colors is beauty. Well. i don't have more reviews.. see you n.n
B00FEM6QLQ love the style, true to size and comfortable, this style was hard to find . Ladies you will love these. This is my second pair of Puma pee toe wedges, love the idea of sneakers with a wedge . You can dress up or down with theses . Looks great with a skirt too.
B00FJ57L6W Love these! Love these leggings! They are super comfy and the material is a nice quality for leggings. Love the Ferrari logo on the side and the zippers on the legs are pretty cool. I wore them to get a pedicure and was able to unzip and roll them up.
B00FNHH77Y Great sneakers! Just perfect I love these sneakers for my toddler! He wanted to wear them right away! Will buy more if there was more colors
B00FSRPX6G Amazing One of the best things my daughter had we love it wish I ordered all puma collection it s just perfect
B00FVZG49U Love it The color was awesome, Its very easy to get on squirming kids... I would recommend it to all my friends...
B00G506DYQ puma love I love puma but, not much of a selection the shirt is great and I have matching mesh shorts to go with the shirt
B00GV3GRJI Love Puma. Comfortable and great fit. Wear almost every day.
B00H96CV64 I love it just perfect!
B00HCMTOJW Love my pumas Really love my pumas!!! Very comfortable. Got a lot of compliments. They are eye candy, many people have stopped me
B00HCMTOJW Love, love, love I am not a tennis shoe wearing girl, so these are perfect! They are really feminine and is a compliment to any outfit. They are true to size and really comfortable. Initially I thought they were going to be too much, but they are a great alternative to the typical white or black shoe.
B00HCMTOJW All that hoped for and more Love love love them...the gumball sole is perfect,  either pair of laces work,  get many compliments on them... these are my third pair of puma wedges!
B00HCMTOJW In love Love them omg everywhere I go everyone wants to know where I got them from perfect pair of sneaks to put on to get cute the price was also good went a few places and they wanted 300
B00HCMTOJW Perfect I love them good fit can't wait to wear them this summer. They look just as described in the photo.
B00HCMTOJW Golden!!! Love them!! These shoes are life in a box. Haven't worn them in public yet but I'm just waiting on the perfect day.
B00IDFI8H6 I love the colors and the quality of these I love the colors and the quality of these. The price is right at around 3 dollars per onesie. The only fault is they run small and aren't very stretchy. I have a small almost 4 month old that is small and she fits perfect in the 3-6 ones...I don't forsee her fitting in them at 6 months.
B00IDGAWK6 nive fets nicely and love itamd cant wait to see what else my lil baby girl can het on amzon love
