B0000722QT You can never go wrong with Pumas They look nice with most everything, and as long as you keep them nice and white and clean, you can't get in trouble for wearing them with skirts, shorts, or jeans. Everyone should own a pair.
B0009QGPPO Nice indoor turf boots Boots fit nice and handle well. Pretty comfortable too. I wish they were a bit lighter but they do the job and then some.
B0009QGPPO Very Nice Puma Mens KingWhat can i say is a very nice fit and strong and i like them. Simple as that.You cant go wrong with them
B000BX20TK Tee nice shirt, I guess it's retro because we wore shirts like this back in the early 80s.
B000F2TP6I Hello The shoes are great, very strong and nice looking, They are what I wanted, About the shipping well it was good too I got then on time, Please everyone try it you'll see, Thank you
B000FPLEOG Very Nice I really like these shoes.  They are very comfortable and look really good.  I just hope they last.
B000FPMKQW Nice, but a little too warm for summer The material is a little too thick for summer. Otherwise it is a super nice t-shirt. Eastbay's shipping and handling price is ridiculously high.
B000I6PTMA Good, but don't expect so much... Nice, but there is a lot of other shirts more beautiful than that...
B000K7EIME Not to confortable I bought this pair of shoes as a walking one, but they are not completely confortale,  they are nice, but not the one I really one.. I am going to return it
B000K7EIME I live in these sneakers These sneakers are very comfortable and they look nice. I get lots of compliments when I wear them (which is almost all the time).I used to have foot problems but these sneakers are the answer.
B000L1I7SK Nice, Quality, Very Short Bought for my husband, they are very soft and material is nice and thin.  However, these aren't the underwear I was expecting.  I had purchased some Puma sport boxer brief type underwear in store that were shorted than the typical boxer brief, but these are REALLY short, like hot-pants or booty shorts.  My husband wears them...I call them his stripper underwear, lol.  He says he does wish they were just a little bit longer.
B000QDO7SM This shoes are great, very confortable! This shoes are great, very confortable! I bought them thinking of something very nice and I was not wrong... There are very nice and soft... They are very appropiated to sunny days...
B000R4XHRC Great item It's not easy to find nice gym shoes that aren't in black or garish colors, so these were a good find. Very comfortable, and they breathe relatively well. Size seems right on the money too. Recommended
B000R4XHRC Nice shoes Good looking sneakers, And very comfortable,appear to be very well made. I will buy Puma  again.I haven't taken them on a long walk yet, but the way they feel now I know they will be just fine.
B000R4XHRC cool i ordered this sneakers for someone dear to my heart and he really likes it and am so glad.it came in a nice package and fast shipping
B000R4XHRC Nice look Came as expected and look good in a retro style that I had been looking for. Very happy with the shoes,
B000R4XHRC puma addict Very nice shoes need to return for one down.Have not worn them yet, but they look great.I love all the puma this styles.
B000R4XHRC Nice sneakers A nice shoes but it runs a bit small. If your looking at this shoe choose the next size up that your accustomed to wearing
B000TYN4J6 Really nice boots These are really nice boots. They are a bit loose but if you like that, you will like them. The leather is super high quality and generally the construction is solid.
B000UD028M Nice jacket!!! Well definitly a great puma jacket and the seller shipped it very quick, I wish the price tag would be lower, but its ok, its puma...
B000WS1VA8 Nice I bought this item for my nephew, he really liked it.  Shipping was fast as promised.
B0013THN7A great shirt! Really nice looking shirt, great material, size is a little bit smaller than expected but still reasonable. Logo does not fade even after several washing cycles. nice shirt!
B0013THNAW Puma shirt The quality of the fabric is not what I was expecting but in general it is a nice shirt. Thank you.
B0013THNAW Nice t-shirt I ordered the black one and it fit fine (XL) and looks no different after a couple of washings. I would buy again.
B0013TL3KI Puma shirt fills the bill The shirt I purchased was stylish, comfortable and priced right. I would definitely recommend it to others.  The Puma shirt has a very nice look to it.
B0013TL3KI i love ti! but be careful with the size!! very nice i love it  nice material but runs!!! big!!  its great looks sexy! i defenelly will buy another one
B0013TL3KI puma Nice  i got some time ago blue puma them later on got this white t-shirt  snd for some reason i like better the blue one sits on me better but this nice  t shirt still just  white i get it  dirty easy.
B0013TL3KI Nice product I like this t-shirt is true the size , great qualityfit perfect and the material is good too , come on time
B0013TL3KI runs big and long nice fabric, yet runs big and longi gave 2 only for the sizing , it would cost me its price to return it back.
B0014DWEEC It looks pretty good. This jacket could definitely look a lot better if there was the logo of puma in the back and personally for me if they had an XS. The color is great, and the part of the jacket that lays on your wrists are very comfortable. Just the fitting doesn't seem to fit nice and tight.
B0014DWEEC Very nice Jacket. I very much like my new jacket. It fits great and it looks awesome. Warm and nice. Reccomended for exercise.
B0014DWEEC nice As good as most Puma track jackets only cut kind of big. Had to return  item for a smaller size.
B0015KGDJG very nice puma shoes,, great comfort..... Thank you amazon,,,,,, you did it again.... the best of the best on internet shopping.....
B001B50ZMG Great while they last... These shoes are really great- really comfortable and look really nice for casual use and just walking. They go great with most clothing as well, being that they are blue. HOWEVER... i noticed after just two months of use, they began to lose their color and went from a nice dark blue to light blue, to a really bad faded purple. The fading came from the sun, but I only wore these shoe out in the day for about three days. They fade really fast so I suggest not letting them go out near the sun at all, especially here in Southern California where the sun shines really hard. Other than that great comfortable shoes, but beware of quick fading.
B001B51W64 Nice fit. Very comfortable. Uniquely designed to not slip on your foot, you could actually wear these shoes without laces if so desired.
B001B52UFG Nice! Amazon did a great job of packaging these sneakers. These sneakers are cheaper here than on puma.com. Thank you Amazon!
B001B52VLO Nice These shoes are really nice. I got many compliments on them. They are comfy but kind of stiff at the beginning. They run true to size.
B001B55JMC nice beautiful, but it fit a litller small, but are confortable and beautiful, i like it very much, the problem are a littler small for my
B001B55JMC Great fit Nice looking shoes that fit as expected. The price was pretty reasonable and they look good with pretty much every outfit
B001CHEOW0 nice I got the product quickly, free and in good conditions. The design by Puma is pretty nice. I really like them.
B001CHEOW0 Great shoes, nice color, nice texture This are great shoes, I love them, I love the brand and they have great personality.  They may seem expensive, but i think they worth it
B001CHEPW4 Very Nice! :) Comfortable and nice looking with the original Puma look. A thing about these are that the soles are a bit thinner than most shoes so you can feel anything you step over. Sometimes I can feel it when I step over a small pebble as I'm walking. The construction is nice and well made, although the suede does start to get some wear after a while, but that's to be expected unless you're very careful about your shoes.
B001CHER90 What you see is what you get Not much to be said... Nice classic look. quality is fine, no smudging or fraying anywhere, I dont think they are "seconds" or anything of the sort.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes Everything is as expected, size is exact, look is like on the picture. What can I say, it's just good!
B001CHG1YY Looks good, exactly as picture Nice shoes, were fairly inexpensive.  They look exactly as they do in the picture and come with a couple different colors of shoelaces.
B001CHG1YY nice work is as expected. A pair of sneakers super strong, hardy and beautiful at the same time. Only good ones from amazon.
B001CHG1YY nice fit! it arrived earlier than expected. only one thing though... i was expecting the side design on the side will be white same as the picture but mine was grey-ish. but its not a problem still love my shoes.
B001CHG1YY Not the Pumas of old... Nice looking shoe but not the Pumas of old.  Very flat with very little cushion and support.  Average which is sad.
B001CHG1YY Shoe are nice, but feel cheap Shoe are nice, but feel cheap. The suede is nice, but there is no arch support and it feels like I can push my foot through the shoe.
B001CHG1YY Excellent Service The product has been delivered and as what I expected, the shoes is really very nice.. comfortable and the price is right.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes Had already green ones, this color is also nice
B001CHG1YY good price so nice , and so beautiful. all in all  , this is so nice..(nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice )
B001CHG1YY Looks alright, but VERY uncomfortable I picked these up as an Amazon lighting deal to replace an old pair of adidas suede sneakers that I've had for a couple years. The shoes look nice, and comes with two sets of laces (one black, one white) and the texture is nice as well. That's where the positives end. The inside of the shoe is VERY cheap. The shoepad is paper-thin and doesn't offer any padding to your feet at all, making the arch support painful. The front of the shoe is very tight for D width - and I have average feet and typically never have issues with other sneakers.The closest comparison of comfort for these would probably be the chuck taylors. In short, buy these if you like the look. Don't buy them if you want to walk comfortably in them.
B001CHG1YY Nice! Great shoes! Comfortable, nice, good quality. The quality and price relation is great. My girlfriend gets turned on when I wear them!!
B001CHG1YY fits as expected Very nice shoes i like it. The recipient would be glad coz of this gift. I will surely buy again
B001CHG1YY Love them ! So far so good !  I've never worn Puma sneakers before, but always admired the styling of them.  After reading many reviews, I took the plunge.  I've only worn them a few days, but so far they are really comfortable, fit as expected, and are very nice looking and appear to be well made.
B001CHG1YY Perfect Everything came out perfectly the way I imagined it. Thank You so much and have a very nice relaxing day.
B001CHG1YY Merry Christmas! nice. feel and looks great. I wore them back in the late 70s. Sometimes you can`'t change the best. Good deal
B001CHG1YY Nice Nice sneaker. Had to return for a half size larger. No problem with the exchange. Be aware that each color may be fulfilled by a different vendor.
B001CHG1YY Old School Cool! I love my sneakers! They are very comfortable and stylish. I like the classic look to them. I hope the color stays nice and bright.
B001CHG1YY Nice These shoes are my style.It is what I like to wear. To get them at a good deal was nice.
B001CHG1YY Just right This shoe is too comfy! The shoes looks nice with any outfit as long if you have the right color scheme.
B001CHG1YY Very Nice These shoes are beautiful, they are a Christmas present, are expected as the color and size as all this, thank you very much.
B001CHG1YY Nice kicks They run small...but they will fit perfect in time...you just have to wear them...I plan on getting all the colors.
B001CHG1YY Nice comfortable shoes! I have always been a Puma fan and these are as nice as the rest. Fit great and comfortable. Also very good looking shoes.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoe Like the looks and the comfort.  Only issue is what some others have stated which is that i ended up needing a 1/2 larger than I normally wear.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes I love the way these look and they are super comfortable. Very much like the throwback Pumas of the eighties.
B001CHG1YY very good looking shoes Shoes are very nice! However just a heads up: the fabric on the shoe can easily get messed up or scoffed up so be cautious.
B001CHG1YY Love it This is a nice sneakers. It came on time and the packaging was great. The shoe fits my nephew very well.It came as a surprise for his birthday and he was just loving it.
B001CHG1YY nice i like it. it shipped on time and i'm pleased. , , , , , , , , , ,
B001CHG1YY old school Love them. had a pair when i was younger and did appreciate them. i do now. a lot of the fellas were asking nice kicks! alot of folks just look down at my feet and smiled!!
B001CHG1YY nice I love them. I get a lot of. Comments. On them. To bad I don't feel. As young. As I did in the 70s
B001CHG1YY Nice I just tried it and it feels good to me. The only dismiss is the color is a little darker than the picture
B001CHG1YY Love it Item as described.  Size is also conform to usual sneakers I have worn before.  Especially the outer leather is nice and inner cushion is also very comfortable.  Good for daily wear.
B001D1FYHE Nice Watch but... Very nice made, everything is fine but the glass kind easy to scratch.Id buy to friends.
B001DXEK9A nice shoes Really like this shoe. It fit perfectly and makes my feet look tiny (I'm a size 8). I get a ton of compliments whenever I wear it, from men and women.
B001FA1RGU Really nice!!! Love this sneakers. They have a great look and they stay in my baby's foot. Thinking of buying bigger ones...
B001H0EV7K Good basic flip Simple design, stiff but comfortable.  True to size.  Fabric strap nice (have had no blistering problems yet).  Sporty/casual look.  I hope Puma continues to make this style.
B001H0FSC2 Happy Very confortable sneakers except for the first week. It hurt a little on the back, but maybe that's my feet's problem. They look very nice and I wear them to work with suit pants and they look like flat shoes, but more confortable.
B001H0FW9G Nice! Bought these recently in dark blue, which is really a midnight blue. They are well made and nice, and they are a snug fit like they are a pair of indoor track shoes. The sale price was reasonable, too.
B001H3104O Really nice This item is very nice.  Mi son is happy with this. He have three monts with this tennis and they looks and work good.
B001LDKRFI Puma Agile Pant Bought these for my 10 year old for back to school - nice quality good fit.
B001NXBUHU Great skort! Nice heavyweight fabric with lots of give to it.  Looks nice and neat yet comfy enough to play hard in.
B001OOMN9W very good and nice very good and nice these shoes were a gift from my wife which she was quite glad you liked the shipping was fast and smooth
B001QXC89G Loose fit Nice shirt but cut to fit looser than I like my shirts.Nicely made with an attractive design.Buying clothes over the Internet is tricky, no way to fit before you buy.
B001VH6TOW NICE!!!!!!!!!! I bought these as a gift and they are lovely, nice quality, the shoe looks much better in real life.
B001VH7Q5S Efective jogging This really was a nice pick, i use them for jogging and they are very comfortable and nice to run. They can get nice even with jeans for Saturday evening.
B001VH7ZL8 Puma Men's Esito TI Very comfortable, It's a litter big than my others Pumas with the same numbers.. But really nice. Recommended.!!
B001VH832I love it this shoe is very comfortable. i started wearing pumas about 5 years ago and i have gone different since. it is really nice and i am getting great reviews about it.
B002C4KAJ8 nice shoes great looking, low profile shoes. a little small on size but it's pretty comfortable to use. leather's pretty nice smelling too. a not bad buy!
B002C74CWQ Nice pants My son really likes these pants.  The only complaint he has is - they can be a pain trying to snap them back on.
B002CVVAGS Nice Sneakers not comfortable these are really nice sneakers, great design. the front part of the shoe is very stuffy. the padding in too much on the inside and makes hard for your feet to breathe
B002ECFUCU Nice shoes These shoes look nice and for the most part feel nice too aside from a clump in the right shoe which may just be mine. Only thing I can say bad about it is that if you get dirt into the netting it is very difficult to wash it out so now my shoes are a little dirty.
B002EENBOW Great trainers These are lovely and comfortable. The colours are really nice and they look good with jeans because of the slim sole.
B002EENEDK LOVE those sneakers! 10 things that I like about this product:1) Very comfortable (PUMA runs for me 1 size smaller, I usually wear 7.5, but this I got 8.5)2) Nicely packed, secure.3) Very nice PUMA box, all the receipts.4) Leather is very nice ( I'll take good care of them )5) I love the way they look, my people gave me a lot of compliments on them.6) They are very light, but have a good grip on the road.7) Laces are very strong, very good quality material.8) Very comfortable on the inside, my feet never gets hot or cold, I just forget I have sneakers on.9) They look very nice fit everything, I totally recommend them to anyone.10) Great price!!!
B002EENFC0 Nice Pair! These looked very nice when I put them on. The size is true to fit and very comfortable. The fabric doesn't attract dust and the white sole on the side can be easily wiped clean with a rag and water. I have worn them numerous times and no crease has developed, the original shape is holding very well.
B002EENI40 Nice pumas and not very expensive I had not bought pumas for a while but these are very nice! I would buy them again! I have had them for a few months now and they are holding up very well!
B002EENI40 Nice Shoes Fast Shipping, cheaper than in other places, came as ordered. The color was a little off from the color on the picture but it was a nice color.
B002EENI40 like it nice it fit as expected I had so much time want it one pair of this shoes lol really bad
B002EL3KQE Nice! Very nice sneakers ! My son loves them and this is a second pare i got for him. Very soft and comfy ! and the flashing puma !!!!
B002EL3KQE Attractive shoe, light up Puma is nice feature but quality is poor for this price It is an attractive shoe. My son loved it at first sight. The light up Puma is a nice feature. But after wearing it to school only 3-4 times, the orange part of the toe is already wearing off and showing the material underneath. Expected much better quality from Puma and at this price. Will not buy again.
B002EL3KV4 Nice and beautiful Good material and durable. Nice and beautiful. It can be used with almost everything specially in this blue color. And confortable
B002EL3MCQ good price and nice sneakers Very nice sneakers for one of my boys&#8230;.He uses them frequently and they are like new, very recommended for price-quality.
B002EL3MCQ very nice These shoes are very nic and pretty. My daughter can't wait to show them off at school. Very happy with our purchase.
B002EL3MCQ Love them and so did my daughter.. The price was right.  Nice style. One of the only shoes mny 2 year keeps on her feet. Shipped as indicated
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoes for my boy I purchased this shoes for my 6-year old boy.The style is really nice.I liked the colors combination very much.The quality of the finish and looks of the shoes are good.The materials and construction seem pretty solid.I consider I got a fair value for the money.
B002EL3MCQ wonderful excellent purchase is nice as it looks in the photos and fulfilled our expectations would buy again if we need
B002EL3MCQ I like these! nice fit, good traction, just exactly what my little ball player needed to quit slipping all over the court Lol... : )
B002EL3MCQ I was not expected the shoes to be soooo nice it is owesome I was not expected the shoes to be sooooo nice it is is owesome, i will always choose from this buyer
B002EL3MCQ PUMA Tune Cat B is terrific Nice style and comfortable. My daughter really loves it and she ask me to buy one more with different color!
B002EL3MCQ It's great! Pretty good, soft, nice and confortable.Nothing to complain!!!!If I have to choose again, I'll choose Puma.Nice shoe and the girl love it.
B002EL3MCQ Nice These were really nice shoes and i've purchased Velcro shoes before and had the velcro rip off after a couple of months. My child wore these for a year, with no problems with the velcro and the shoes fit perfectly
B002EL3MCQ Perfect and fits as needed Perfect and very nice and the colour perfect and nice  we like it very much  thanks for putting the right description
B002EL3MCQ These get filthy... They are very comfortable for my daughter, but we find ourselves wiping them down a lot.  For example, if we go to town or out to dinner - I make her change her shoes.  These just look really worn out for not being that old.  But they do look nice if you can keep them clean.
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoe Nice shoe and good price. Fit as expected. My kid enjoying the shoe nicely. Nice shoe nice shoe nice ahoe
B002KAOLGC Very Nice shoes Loved these shoes. Loved the style. Fit nice. A little bit sharp and stiff around the collar at first but the style is nice. Your call boss
B002KAOLGC Nice Shoes Pros: Nice style, good quality materialCons: Not for people with really wide feetOverall a nice shoe, good job
B002KAOLGC Looks great.....feels good. just arrived a day earlier than expected....thanks Amazon!  Looking for a good, comfortable casual show as i have flat feet that tire easily.  Just wanted something for causal pant/jeans and possible shorts.  These nice leather shows fit great, have a nice sole and some cushion inside.  I put them on with some jeans, white T and black v-neck sweater......not too shabby!  So far, i am really liking these.  The proof will be when i wear them for a length of time this spring/summer/fall.  Thanks!
B002KAOLGC Nice Fit A very nice walking shoe and just what I was looking for at a reasonable price.  I will return when I need more shoes.
B002KAOLGC I LOVE THEM! NICE SHOES AND COMFORTABLE! I'VE ALWAYS LOVED PUMA FOR A REASON, THEY ARE SO EASY TO CLEAN UP TOO. GREAT GIFT.
B002KAOLGC Nice shoes, but wear down pretty quick I've owned two pairs of these shoes. The shoes in this color and also the grey ones. They look and fit nice, but the rubber soles break down pretty quick and get holes. Not very water resistant at all. For the price, these are pretty nice.
B002KAOLGC real nice true to size great fit...puma has always been my favorite brand... I'm wearing it right now :-D cheers. thanks much.
B002KAOLGC Nice shoes! I like them , super nice!! Very happy with product and how fast I got them.These are a grate gift
B002KAOLGC Nice color Really nice shoes. First pair in this color and they look good. Feel like all my other puma El ace's.
B002KAOLGC Just as expected! These were my husband's third try at finding white sneakers that were nice looking and comfortable and they were perfect.
B002KAOLGC Excellent shoes! They fit well. Nice to use for casual event. Very comfortable and stylish. This my 2nd time buying this style of pumas.
B002KAOLGC Nice sneakers Fit as expected. Nice sneaker. I can't say anything about quality, cause i've already bought it. puma products not bad.
B002KAOLGC Nice The shoe is great, not too much to complain about.  It's a little bit of a tight fit but I'm pretty sure most pumas are like that
B002KAOLGC Sexy Very nice looking shoes that fee great. Somewhat narrow but over all a very nice buy. will purchase more in future
B002KAOLGC Love my Puma shoes I use these both for work and when I go to the gym they look really nice and they are quite comfortable.
B002KAOLGC Nice I loved their form and the color was nice too. They are really comfortable and even use them for running sometimes, got them really fast, will buy again.
B002LVV0GE Comfy and plush cushion ride and on heavier side This shoe is very comfortable to wear.True to its size and has a nice toe box.The heel fit is also good.It has nice paddings and when worn gives a snug fit.I weight only 130 pounds for 5' 4" so this shoe is kind of heavy to me.But I have knee issues so when I ran it gave good shock absorbing effect.The gait cycle was smooth from a toe to heel finish.Think it is more like Brooks glycerine but runnable out of the box.I would assume I will get easily around 600 miles in this.
B002ODEYE4 Excellent Product I bought this for my son when it was on sale and I have to say that it was a great deal. It looks so nice on him and fits well. It is now his favorite jacket. I am going to have to get him another one.
B002ODEYE4 bien nice
B002ODEYE4 nice but small This item fits small but nice quality for the amount of well money I guess. Still good brand for boys
B002TX7FMW nice and comfortable these shoes look nice when wearing them and are comfortable. have not fully tested them in action, but they seem quite strong and quality-made.
B002U0KL7A Very nice and comfortable This jockstrap is really nice, and enjoyable to where. This jock is comfortable and feels nice. It doesn't feel tight or bunchy, and t stays cool and comfortable. The puach does feel a bit small, but not really a big complaint because you don't really feel it.
B002WC7Z4I Nice! I ordered them for a friend & they were very happy with these sneakers.  The price was very reasonable also.
B002Z12UJG Nice shoes, thank you very much. I brought this shoes because they look nice. When I got them I was so excited and I was happy that there were as described. Thank you very much for this shoes, they are amazing.Thank you again and I hope to do business with you soon.
B00303GYB8 Revived Seeing this shoe on amazon and seeing it physically . It look really good . its a very nice shoes . my son love it
B0034P3RD0 I liked it Nice shirt, you should buy it.  People like shirts with a cat on it.  I'll buy more shirts like this on in the future.
B0034PB9BM nice looking exercise shirt I loved this shirt for the outside use, I did have to send back due to the sizing being a bit smaller than I like, but the product is nice looking and very soft.
B00361FPD2 Nice hoodie! Stand out in the crowd of hoodie wearers! I love this hoodie.... A cut above your run-of-the-mill hoodie.  Nice pleats on top of the shoulders, heavy draw string and nice finish accoutrements over all! Recommend.... Good for gym work-outs or as street wear.
B00361FQGS Nice jacket Nice jacket with a good quality although it is somehow large & you should go one size down. Good purchase
B0036FT8WM Nice shoes Nice shoes, just worn them a couple of times but feel comfortable.  The only thing they are big and make your feet look big!
B0037KMNAU Nice Puma These shoes have a nice feel to them and they look great.  Would have love to have them in another color!
B0037KMNAU Very comfortable, but a little hard to get on I love these shoes.  They are very comfortable, very smooth, look very nice.  My only issue is that they are a little difficult to put on, I needed a shoe horn.  But after a month, they have loosened up a bit and I can just use my fingers to get my heel in.  i wish they offered more color choices though, Navy and white would look really nice.
B0037KMNAU Okay Its okay but the product started to tear up only after two weeks I bought it, very dissatisfied. However, the style is very nice.
B003BNY8TM Cool look but.... This watch looks really nice and all but the MAJOR problem is that you can't read the time with the red background. The picture makes it look like the black is really bright and the back illuminates. Can only really tell time if you look at it from an angle or push the light button. It shipped really fast however and great service by seller!
B003BNY8W4 beautiful this watch looks beautiful in person, it has a nice feel to it and it pops out as something of quality. very nice
B003BNY8ZQ Very nice it is a very nice watch, with a lot of style, and comfortable. My girlfriend just loved it and wears it all the time.
B003BNY8ZQ WOOOH! exceeded my expectations, is elegant, very nice. looks better than it looks in the picture! Puma is a quality brand! I recommend.
B003BNY95A Nice Little Watch I just recieved  and like it a lot the white background with metal numbres looks nice, easy to read and casual.  The price is excelent.
B003DTZI7A What makes it special? the puma symbol. Nice watch. Lacks flexibility because of the firmness of the band. The face is dark and not easy to read unless you have enough light and are looking straight on. Its dark font on a dark background, like the picture shows. But it works nice. Nothing too fancy.
B003DTZICA nice color thats about it though I bought this watch as a gift for my aunt she liked the color, styling wore it for about a month and the watch pretty much fell apart. It is cheaply made, the colors on the scree faded really fast, even though I replaced the battery. Don't buy it spend a little more money and get a nice baby g shock, which is waterproof, durable and has a nice bright light. This product is a waste of money.
B003EE49MY They are fit and very nice I have not wore them yet but everything seems quality and worth the price....................................................Puma is nice and recommend it. .
B003EE49MY Nice shoes for great price I bought these shoes for 28$ ;)What can i say... i like them a lot... they look sharp... good quality.very nice..  good shoes
B003EE7SSQ Very well These shoes are really nice. Soft, nice color, model and material. They really feel comfortable and look very good.I recomend them because of this.
B003EE9NC0 Nice i love puma shoes and thought these would make a nice addition to my collection, well I thought right. The pictures really don't do these justice. the only problem that I have is that my jeans rub on the material above the heel and have caused some discoloring, a blueish tint. would be perfect if not for this odd material.
B003EE9O4W Nice quality, run small They run small and I have to return. Well made and nice looking. It is hard to buy shoes without trying on first.
B003EE9O4W fit as expected Love how sturdy they are and the colors are nice too. these shoes are great. Love how sturdy they are and the colors are nice too. My son loves them too.
B003EEBGQQ Nice shoes Chicks dig me when I wear these. This upsets my wife so I just wear them when I'm at home.
B003EEBGQQ great gym shoe i have been wearing them at the gym for 2 months now still in good shape nice and light i use them on the tred mill . just wish they had a little more arch support
B003EEBGQQ very nice to run and confortable I bought it from Ecuador the product arrives without problen! The size anf the color are correct!  and the product is great!!
B003EEBGQQ Good looking I ordered these for my son for his birthday; they fit true to size and are very comfortable according to him; they also look nice on the foot.
B003EEBGS4 Stylish gym shoes I love these shoes!  I already had them in navy blue, and decided to buy another pair in black.  They are comfortable, and nice looking with jeans or long pants.  I have a wide foot, but the mediums are cut wide enough.  They also have a nice arch in them, which is important to me!
B003EED7Y0 Great Puma Sneakers. they seem to be a good qality made. so casual, elegant, not too sporty, that's great if you dont want to look like youre going to work out all the times. They look pretty nice. Go get them
B003EEF1CQ Awesome!! I wanted something red and bold, and that's what I got. These shoes are really nice and I have already gotten numerous complements on them. They are also very comfortable, which doesn't hurt!
B003EEH7NM A little bigger Sizing seems to be a bit longer than the 8 that we bought.  Nice shoes and great look.  Easy on/off with velcro, but be careful on size.
B003H6GFWG Nice I Love Puma products! Wish they were as big in the US as overseas! Hopefully one day they will be.
B003IMJO68 nice socks very comfortable, fit my size 10 foot perfectly.  Nice material.  We'll see how they'll hold up, but I have every reason to believe they'll do well.
B003LY4XLY Nice cleats The break in time is really short with these cleats which is pretty cool.  No more going through 5 games of suffering.  I found that they fit nice and were fairly comfortable.I have not had them long enought to know how durable they are yet but they are pumas so they will probably be accetable.
B003LY51Z6 Nice shoes True size, I ordered in 9,5 and they fit great. I used them every day and they are really nice.
B003MAJWCW Nice Shoe This arrived extremely fast and in new condition as promise.  They were purchased for my Granddaughter who had to have them.  We look all over for her size...Amazon had them...thanks so very much
B003MAJWCW Okay I should have gotten the 10 instead but with a thicker sock it will be fine.  It has a nice support inside
B003MAJWCW Nice kicks Fit as expected, loved the convince of ordering online. The material on these shoes is thinner than most sneakers, but they are great.
B003MAJWCW Nice! These are very nice, but I think I should've went with an all leather shoe.  They are comfortable after a couple of times.  The thing I didn't like is the creases on the toe...but that is b/c of all the walking I do.  So maybe not recommended for a walking shoe.  I wear a 8 1/2 and purchased my size and they fit perfect.
B003MAJWCW Love it! They fit perfectly and they are insanely comfortable. The quality seems very nice. I really feel that a pair of $30 PUMAS that don't look or fit cheap is a steal. I got them today and haven't taken them off yet!
B003MAJWCW Like these Pumas I like this sneakers they are nice and light and not big and clunky like most of the others.  They look very nice on.
B003MAJWCW but overall nice looking they were a bit tight, and then I fractured my toe and couldn't wear them at all, but overall nice looking shoe
B003S9XJXK Cute Pants There nice pants, but the stiching is already coming out on one side of the pants. I bought the matching jacket and its a really nice suit, but I guess its just not made great. I still love Amazon and will continue to shop all threw out the year.
B003UBTVDI Very nice, but run small. I bought these for my best friend for her birthday, thinking they would be nice, but they were about 2 sizes too small, and she couldn't even get her heel inside the cleat. These are really nice looking, and sadly they just didn't fit.
B003YMI4SG Nice Really beatiful and nice watch. I love the Puma ones but this one was a little expensive for the quality and functions.
B003ZJCEXO nice it is very nice it gave me a cool look and its worth every bit and i like track jackets
B003ZJCEXO nice jacket i ordered the large an it fit's jus right it alos  looks and  feels comfortable  , will be ordin more
B003ZJCEXO I love it Excellent material with nice design, and it has a little puma on the zipper. It also comes with interior pockets, and feels very smooth/comfortable.
B003ZJCEXO Very nice Jacket It's a great Jacket and the size is perfect. It gives you very much for your money and is very confortable.
B003ZJCEXO Hubby liked it Nice jacket at a good price. True to size so order what you normally wear. Hubby is 6 foot 200 pounds and the large fit perfect.
B003ZJCEXO luv it nice color combo and i like the garments used. ill be collecting some more of this style with different clors.
B003ZJCEXO Very Nice! this is so far one my best buy here in amazon really like the jacket and the materials used for it. i ordered a medium and it fitted me so well.
B003ZJCEXO Built nice and looks sharp The color and material of this jacket is NICE!!!The zipper pull is strong and has a square PUMA logo (kinda cool)The pockets has zippers to keep your stuff safe when active. However this makes the pockets drag and flop open when they are not closed. I just leave them closed.
B003ZJCEXO nice The Price is right. I would definitely purchase this Pants again..also would recommend to my friends.Good material and fits well
B003ZJCEXO Loved It Although it arrived a day late, most likely due to Christmas coming up, I'm still satisfied with jacket. It's nice, smooth, clean, and the quality is great!
B003ZW2FJO Nice Didn't have an elastication at bottom of leg. Can be easily inserted though. Very nice quality. Timely arrival.  Good value.
B003ZW2FJO Perfect fit! I bought a size large for my boyfriend and they fit perfectly.  Nice thick material, sewn really well and pockets are a plus.
B003ZW2FJO Kinda long Nice, well-made pants. I am tall and most pants are too short in the inseam. These are actually too long for me and probably need to be taken up an inch or two. Nice pants, though.
B003ZW2FJO Nice pants These are nice pants, a little on the pricey side but are worth it for the quality. Puma always makes great stuff
B003ZW2FJO nice will buy again, the price was right, the material is good and I would really recommend my friend to purchase.
B003ZYW0CO Nice watch Everything I was promised, I am already putting it to good use.  I recommend this product.  It is really nice for running.
B003ZYW0CO Nice and smooth SIze its just enough to look well fit. Mine survive everything including swimming. Nice quality product.  I would say they look better than on the picture.
B003ZYXV4A That's it I've been using this for quite a while, and it's not even lost. It's comfortable and nice. I would recommend it!
B003ZYXV4A Nice but difficult to see Hi, the watch is very nice, but is difficult to see the display in the dark or night. But it is good
B003ZYXVYU nice great design, works perfectly, looks real nice whem iam wearing it, just love it, the functions are usefull, specially the led think alarm
B003ZZ1CY0 Perfect Exactly what I was looking for my workouts, even has military time setting. Easy to use and looks nice and sleek
B0042AND1M nice this shoe is a very nice shoe. i recommend it for any one. it is the bomb with pencil jeans
B0042ANLVE Style These shoes are stylin' and pretty cheap. I wore them around the house and they fit nice, oh and no one has these, so that's cool.
B00439GBOS Nice shoes and look great. I really like this shoes and i bought it with good deal on amazon, the shoes have a nice design and comfortable to wear.
B00439GBR0 Nice boots These are nice and lightweight and have survived more than one intramural season. I would recommend buy these. Nice and spiffy looking too.
B00439GCEM Nice looking and comfortable I wear a 9.5 and that is what I ordered and they fit great.  Soft and comfy from the get-go with good arch support.
B00439GCEM Comfortable Love it. They look so nice and fit very comfortable.  You could wear it for any casual occasion.  Even my husband liked them.
B00439GCEM Great shoes ! Very nice! Can stand in them all day! Comfy and smart looking ! Good for work or play. Glad I bought them!
B00439GCEM It's Nice But... I love PUMA but these have to go back because the don't fit right. They look exactly the way that I thought they would look. Sleek and neat, so I'm sorry that they don't fit the way that I thought they would.
B00439GCEM Comfy and cool (looking) I bought these shoes a couple of weeks ago in Dark Shadow (grey), size 6.5. LOVE them! Super-comfy, fit true-to-size, nice color, good support. Really, the perfect shoe for weekends with jeans. The laces are a bit short but they have metal ends which are kinda cool. Would definitely recommend!
B0045RLWJ2 nice and free came free with watch. it was a nice addition my wife likes it. puma makes great items and it looks great when she wears it out
B0045RLWJ2 Very nice Nice finish, fits great and looks great, excellent details and the puma does take alot of space so u can be seen from the far distance
B0045RLWJ2 As expected Nice quality and fit.  Military style was a nice change from baseball cap design.  Come in variety of colors but preferred the gray on black.
B0049J57OM Did not last They looked nice, fit great, and were comfortable. However, they began to fall apart after 2 months of light use.
B0049J57OM nice i bought these shoes for my husband as a birthday gift.  they are reasonably priced but do not look cheap. pumas are generally nice shoes.  he really likes the fit.
B004DKPPR6 Nice sho Gave this as a gift to one of my students. He was ecstatic to receive them. Good choice here. Thanks
B004FV5KWS Nice fit super comfortable I don't usually prefer to buy any kind of clothing online but took a chance with this. Really comfortable, looks nice, good quality and it gets a full five stars.
B004GB0XGU excellent excellent, I recommend it, it was a gift and the person you like very much, are comfortable, nice, I recommend it 100%
B004GB0XVA Nice sneakers! The shoes are really nice.  They were just as the description said. The product was shipped to me promptly.  I've had several compliments about them already.
B004GB11O8 Look nice but might be tight Look really nice on. If you have wide feet might feel a bit tight. Overall they are really nice sneakers.
B004GB11O8 It is really nice It is nice, so light in your feet. You walk or run with it no problem, cause you feel comfortable with it. Really like it
B004GB11O8 Nice Shoes These are a nice brand of tennis shoe. They seem to be of very nice quality. I'll buy this brand again!
B004GB11Z2 Fits great My husband needed a tennis shoe he could wear for everyday or dress casual kind of days.  They are really nice and don't look too casual.
B004GB1242 Comfortable shoes! Very comfortable!  They look good with a nice shirt and nice jeans.  I do not use these shoes to work out so I'm not sure how well they do in that environment.
B004GB1242 Very nice Very nice sneakers, very light, nice color and quality, I did not expect such kind of quality shoes. and I really suggest it to everyone
B004GB1242 Nice and confortable. Altought they are nice and confortable, I'm not entirely convinced by the Puma Stripe being shinny, I though it was matte gray when I ordered them.
B004GB1242 Nice shoes They looks like they appear in this web site, are very comfortable, the color fits with all type of clothes and are very comfortable to walk, so soft at the omment of practicing some excersie........
B004GB1242 Excellent Wonderful quality , nice product shipping was extreemly fast... Can't say enough, the shoes are even better looking in real life. If you like a thin nice shaped comfy tennis shoe buy one.
B004GB1242 nice shoes Bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas. He really likes them. They run a bit small and the toe grips come up so walking on carpet can be tricky. Other than that, they're great.
B004GB1242 nice kicks!!!!! nice kicks for the price!!!!!! really like them. true to size. easy to clean!!!!! also really comfortable for walking or jogging!!!!!
B004GB1242 Nice shoe. Nice, comfortable shoe.  Puma's tend to last forever, and I hope this is the case for this pair as well.
B004GB1242 Old Man shoes Cons- They have zero grip so be aware of what you are walking on.Pros- The design looks nice and they hold up- The size was dead on
B004GB1242 Nice and comfortable very comfortable and nice....delivered in time...I bought it for my husband and he loves it! easy to wear shoes and suitable price
B004GB12U6 super nice i bought this shoes for my dad and he love it. He uses all the time, the color is super nice, and are very comfortable.
B004GB12U6 elegant but casual and confortable :) Nice looking sneakers for a casual look.I have them in blue as well as grey.I walked the NYC streets with these shoes for 3 days on a recent trip, and these sneakers were comfortable throughout the day.Very good value for the money.
B004GB12U6 Fantastic they are really nice i like them a lot, are really comfortable and modern, I recomend  to everyboby, buy them
B004GB14HM Nice comfortable Good value for money, these shoes are comfortable and subtly stylish. I have big feet and the fit is right for my size.
B004GB14HM Nice and Light, fell apart after 6 Months If you are using these solely for indoor soccer - go for it. They are nice and light, have a great feel with the ball and are good for that. However, I was also wearing them around as my semi-daily sneakers and both soles came apart in 6 months of use..and this wasn't super heavy duty use, either. In all, I'd say there are better buys out there, or maybe mine just came with defective soles..
B004GB14HM Very nice Look great, they're light, flexible, excellent sole/grip. The tongue somewhat shorter (you'll notice when putting them on), but didn't really find it otherwise bothering
B004GB14HM Love the look and comfort. The shoes are very stylish. Not to be used for any type of athletic fun, but good for a fashion statement. The only drawback was that the laces were incredibly long.  I had to cut them to the proper length.  Overall, very nice!
B004GB14HM i like it This is the perfect shoes very confortable, i bought the black and red in store and then i saw it, and inmdiately i dicided to buy this, the color is nice, and i can used the all day.
B004GB195E I like them! These shoes are very nice, they are exactly as they look in the picture...I have to say though that I found them to be a little bit uncomfortable on the back, but nothing terrible and can be easily solved by wearing a band aid.
B004GB19WW Very nice Good design and style. very comfortable fashion sneakers. Without laces. Uses a strap instead of laces. Very durable also. Love them
B004GB1CXI Driving shoes that are a comfortable style choice I don't "drift" in these Drift Cats but they are comfortable and look nice. All leather and built nicely as well.
B004GB1E7C Loved it! I can't believe I just paid $27 for a pair of Puma! they look really nice, feel very comfortable, I came in a Puma Red Bag which I loved, you gotta buy these tennis shoes!
B004GB1E7C So nice sneakers For its price, one of the best pairs of sneakers I bought.The fit was perfect and unique look. Buy it!
B004GB1MMO Nice jacket Comfortable, perfect to leave in my car for a just in case when I need it. Good for a cool day, and casual events.
B004GB1R1U VERY COMFORTABLE AND NICE FITTING! These pants were a little pricey but I really love the way they fit and could not find any that I liked at stores.So overall I would say that they were really worth the money and shipped quickly.
B004GEATZ2 Very nice! It fits perfectly and my child can walk without any problem at all. He seems comfortable with them ! ! !
B004GEATZ2 Nice shoes, but too small for my little one. This is really nice sneaker for my little king. He loved it, but I underestimated his size since he and his mother are currently out of the country in Indonesia. I could not sent it back because I had already shipped it via post overseas. I will try purchasing a second pair in the future. Thanks.
B004GEATZ2 nice color my daughter wear the model now that I purchased previously, now buy it for future as bought same model before, like the new color
B004GEAW8G my kid like it It is a nice pattern  and my daughter like the design, happy and looking for more deals like this. hope to buy some more
B004GEAW8G Pumas My son loved them, very nice colors and the price was great. Hope to get more on sale like that.
B004GNQIOE Comfort and looks These shoes are very nice, comfortable, very nice-looking and quite resilient. I live in a very hard metropolis so I feared they wouldn't stand the harshness of the streets, but they're doing just fine and their quality is evidenced time and again. Great choice! Definitely in for another pair of PUMA soon! D.R.
B004HMITYQ Adorable. My daughter looks adorable in this dress and its nice to have girl clothes that are not pink. I like the material and the fit is nice. I have nothing but good things to say about Puma's line of kids clothes.
B004IEMIYA Right price! These shoes look really nice in person. They are very light on the feet and grip the ground quite well. My right shoe almost rubs my little toe raw. They were only $45, I don't expect them to be flawless. So other than that, I am very pleased with this purchase.
B004J4X4TW A little snug! These shoes are really nice, but there were a little small for my sons feet.I had to buy him something else for the soccer season.
B004J4X5WS Nice Quality The shoes are just great!  I love the yellow color and it is super light weight.  I feel like i'm walking barefoot b/c their so light.
B004J4XI1G Nice shoes very nice shoes and fit very well :) Im happy with them ! They fit great and the price was right
B004J4XMM6 Very nice shoes Nice shape, colour, very comfortable and modern. Perfect for a day walk. Yes, I would definetely recommend it as a purchase.
B004J4XNNO Very nice Very nice and confortable shoes, my wife was very happy with her new black shoes in her birthday. Puma is a great kind.
B004J4XNNO Nice! Nice shoes, really flats and comfortable... but size too small... I own other puma shoes and they were fine, but this model was smaller than I expected.
B004J4XRJ4 VERY NICE PUMA WOMEN. I RECOMEND TO BUY IT. I BOUGHT THIS TO MY SISTER AND SHE LOVED.
B004J4XSKM Comfy and Durable Good look.!! Nice running or working shoe always moving around a sale floor or long distance walking.Also a nice shoe for working out!
B004J4XSVG Nice!!!! They arrive on time!!!!! Nice and confortable for a good price I have 2 pairs!!!! I bough hue first ones on black and red and I liked them q lot so I bought the gray and green too!!!
B004JF5R1Y very nice the shoes are great, but are larger fitting. very well made. colur is nice and so cute. well worth the price.
B004K00GLE JMieses's review My son like so much this soccer shoes!!; he feel confortable and the shoes looks very nice!; Puma allways made good products
B004K00GLE the name should be puma feather really really nice quality design and they are so light when you use them feel likes nothing great shoe and also very nice price free shipping it came on the original puma shoe box
B004M6GF6Q good but not whoo I like the shape but the case diameter is small a little bit any way it is a gift  nice
B004MF8KW4 Love them Great looking. Great design. Very comfortable. Nice colours. Very nice finish. Have not used they much so don't know how durable they are. And washable.
B004RLA0TE Nice shorts. Wrong size The shorts are nice, I really like the Puma logo in yellow and the material overall. The only problem and the reason I give 3 stars is I ordered a size M and got an S.
B004S08HE4 Nice Bought as part of an outfit for my grandson for Christmas and he likes it all a lot. Looks sharp and his favorite kind of pants.
B004S08HE4 Nice They are a bit to loose at the bottom but other than that they are nice. I bought XL and they fit like an S would in adult size.
B004S08HMG Nice quality product These shorts are of nice quality and compare well to the Adidas Athletic shorts my son loves.  Problem is that they run large.  The 8 is closer to a size 10 in Adidas.  He'll have to wait a bit to actually be able to use these.
B004S08HY4 nice colorful shirt my son loved the shirt, but he did not fit it long. the shirt fit a little small and would encourage maybe ordering a size larger.
B004S08OSI Nice Very nice capri.  Like the zippers at the bottom, as I have skinny legs. Size tends to run alittle large.
B004S6WF64 Soccer Cleat Overall a nice soccer cleat. They run a little small. Held up for the entire season. The shoe is lighter than other brands which was great for a little one - enabled him to focus on the kicking the ball rather than heavy shoes. Also nice to have a Velcro strap which allowed him to put on his own shoes as well as saved us from the dreaded untying during the games! Would certainly recommend the style but watch the sizing.
B004SUANZU Nice suede shoes... Very nice looking and very comfortable.  I am very pleased with the shoes the fit is true to size and not to wide anywhere in the shoe.  Nice deep colors and very soft suede.
B004SUANZU nice looking shoe Nice tennis shoes ,like the color of them the size is a little bit smaller than all of other shoes I get in 9.5
B004SUANZU I love these sneaks! These are really nice shoes; great for knocking around with jeans and they add a nice pop of color.  Four stars is because they're more of a tangerine color, not cherry tomato, and although they're comfortable, the back did rub high at the heel on both shoes when I took a 2 mile walk in them.  Will get good wear out of them, but not for long walks.
B004SUANZU Classic My feet are a d width and I am pretty flat footed. Fits nice. The arch gives good support. 3rdair of Ligas
B004SUANZU Nice looking but seems a little short even though I'd ... Nice looking but seems a little short even though I'd bought a larger size. After wearing for a few hours one of my feet felt like it was burning so I don't have high hopes of these being comfortable
B004SWY5UC these shoes are really nice, I like them because my wife and the material is very nice I think are the best shoes she has and th these shoes are really nice, I like them because my wife and the material is very nice I think are the best shoes she has and that it has enough recommend them
B004T9HRAY nice i have to say that the first day i used them they felt quite uncomfortable but after the first day they now fit well and are comfortable. plus they look nice.  one think to notice is that this shoes can get very slippery when wet
B004TLAF9W Very nice shoes I bought these for my girlfriend and she loves to wear them.She says that all her friends have commented how nice they are.
B004V7HZOM Nice sweatshirt! Very nice quality sweatshirt, this was a Christmas gift for our son and it arrived on time. The shirt washes up very well.
B004VR2ZWY sweeeeet nice shoes. well packaged. very happy with purchasenothing to complain about. very comfortable. i have a wide foot andthese puma's fit very well
B004VR2ZWY Excellent quality shoes just loved it Really great quality of shoes. Awesome design. Just loved it!! Nice design for puma lovers! And also it's cheap to get it for $75
B004WLEF6S Awesome Shoes!! Speedy delivery and they look pretty cool.  Really comfortable and the leather makes for a warm shoe in the winter!  Nice Snug fit.
B004WLEF6S Nice and comfortable Great finishing, looks durable and only nice materials. Fits a full set of outfits.Even though it looks not stain proof it is very easy to clean.
B004XD0NFW Nice Watch Nice Wathch just as discribed in the picture and arrived on time, it was a gift for may sister and she loved it
B004XD0RCG Nice item!!! Nice sporty watch with pretty color. My friend likes it so muc, even this color easily getting dirty. Not good for a real spory girl.
B004ZBHIVE Leather Comfortable shoes and nice. Only the label leather notes and I do not think. The rest can buy with confidence.
B004ZGDD40 Nice Wow still in shock i really love it. Color same, size same and everything is very very very good.Always puma !!!!Thanks it arrived very soon.
B004ZIP4U4 Nice I bought it, and I love it and the design is really nice great shoes yesterday i wore it for a competition and it works fine.
B004ZIP5GW Puma Voltaic This is my 3rd set of Puma Voltaic shoes and they are just a nice as the first pair I bought.  Great quality, perfect fit, nice and light.
B004ZIP5GW nice These shoes are amazing. I have bought them several times and am always impressed. I guess thats why I keep buying them. They are a great price and a very good deal for the money!
B004ZIP5GW GREAT SHOE Comfortable and nice looking. Puma has a quality design. Fit's to size. Ran in them twice already for alittle over 5 miles with no problems.
B004ZIP5GW Nice Look These shoes have a nice look. They are a bit heavier than I expected. If that is something that concerns you look at the weight of the shoe. Overall very comfortable for running.
B004ZIP5GW Great buy! I bought these for my husband for Christmas, after he destroyed pumas he'd had for years. The design on these is really nice, and doesn't have that "fake" super shiny look to them (that seems to be so popular, but I think it's ugly). He says they are super comfortable and the sizing is accurate. Overall, I was extremely pleased for the price. : )
B004ZIP5GW bess i love this sneakers it fits perfectly is light and nice andlook totally sweet . would definately buy another one
B004ZIP5GW Perfect fit! My husband is a very large man and it was nice to be able to find shoes that fit him perfectly!!!!
B004ZIPGOS shoe this fits great no complain nice and comfy very light so u dont feel it on thats a plus for me
B004ZIT63U Awesome sneaks! Really like the sneakers. They are comfortable and look very nice. I get a lot of compliments on them. Would recommend!
B004ZITHZC very nice despite media choose shoe size bigger than usual stay tight in the instep and were disabled too fast for my son, despite being a good quality shoes and very nice
B004ZITHZC Nice shoe, looks durable, easy to put on/Take off This shoe is very nice. Please take everyone's advice and buy one size larger than you currently need, otherwise it will not last a long time. They do run a little small for some reason.
B004ZITHZC it's nice the shoes is nice&#65292;unique design, wear very convenient. My son said&#65306;It's very soft, very comfortable, and very breathable. it's nice gift!!
B004ZITHZC Good shoe Arrived on time, looks nice and fits my 7yr old's feet well :)
B004ZITHZC very nice I knew not to pick the size and you get a little big ... but they are comfortable and are very nice
B004ZITHZC Very nice show Bought it for a 6 year old and fits well. It looks very nice. One small complaint would be that the strap doesnt come all the way till the end of the velcro (leaving some of it exposed).
B004ZITHZC Nice shoes Purchased these on a lightning deal. Nice quality shoes for my son and worth the lightning deal price.  Fit as expected and he likes the shoes.
B004ZITHZC nice They fit well. My son loves the colors. Would like to see them in wide though, still very nice. ok
B004ZITHZC Good afternoon The shoes are really nice . The problem is , are too small . I can' t do nothig with them . Im sad for that
B005030WZU Nice looking, but kept falling off I bought this shoe in purple for my daughter in size 6, and they fit her great, but these in a 5 kept falling off my 13 month old. I think it's partly because he's between sizes, but everytime i put it on his foot, and he crawled around, it fell off. It needs the double velcro to stay on. So I'm exhanging them for ones with a double velcro strap.They are really nice looking though.
B0050U7C8I sneakers Love them, super comfortable great fit!!!! True to their size.  Brilliant colors, they appear just add they are in the picture.  Nice laces as well.
B0053VMIQU nice fashion shirt nice color shirt........  for fashion wear but if you were it more than 3 times firends and family will notice the bright color and will tell you to stop wearing it
B0053VMIQU Nice Shirt Nice shirt.  Color is good and was not affected by the first wash.  The cat screen print cracked some after the first couple of dryings, but not a major issue.  Fit and comfort are good with no issues to report.
B0053VMJ28 very nice Just arrived, Well worth the price paid for might buy the red one now. Very nice product would buy again.
B0053VMJ2I Nice pants but the sizing is off These are nice pants. The material and the style are great. But the sizing is strange. I normally wear size medium (30Wx32L) but for these pants even size small were too wide and long for me. So, unfortunately, I had to return them.
B0053VMQTE Gift It was registered for gifts, so I was certain he would like it, and he did, very nice.A great gift
B0053VNSRI Awesome Great fit and color ... nice quality design but I did not particularly like the shade of green.Love the lining in the hoody tho.
B0054D2V7S Nice turf shoe I wore these once for about two hours yesterday. The traction is excellent, huge improvement on turf over my indoor sambas. The style is very nice and I really like the green color, it's a little bright, but an attractive design in my opinion.Watch out if you have wide feet like me. It was a relief when I took these off, because feet were hurting!!!! It wasn't the most comfortable but at least I didn't get any blisters (I'm prone to blisters). I'll use these more and hope they stretch and widen a bit. If they do and comfort does get better, then I'll up it to 5 stars. Hope this helps.
B005543ZHQ nice my husband liked them and i got them when it said i would the material is a little thin that was un expected but other then that i like it
B0055523LE Nice shoes These a a nice pair of street shoes, that I wear on a regular basis. They're well made, and have held up fairly well so far.Not a whole lot of cushion (compared to a tennis shoe), but way more comfy than that chucks I've been wearing for the past few years.
B0055523WS Excellent fit Very comfortable. Nice looks. Great construction, I think they will respond great through time. Recommended. Size was perfect, they fit nice. I don't have anything else to say.
B005552422 A little large, but good price They were a little larger than most Puma shoes I have. Other than that, great style and nice price for these shoes.
B005552422 Very nice shoes Quality is better than it looks. Size is accurate. Tool a couple days to break in but generally comfortable. Very nice looking kicks.
B005552422 Nice These are great for the price, especially if you want a subdued, light, comfortable casual shoe. I only gave it only 4 stars because it's a little unusually shaped in front, and feels a little flimsy, Still, for the price, I'd buy again.
B005552422 Nice shoes I like those shoes. they are really nice. I wear them to go to school. I would recommend them to someone.
B0055524JA nice wanted pumas that were not overly expensive. they were cheap, and look and fit great. i love skater type shoes and to say puma is better. arrived early.
B0055528IM really comfortable felt true to size. It is a great summer shoe. nice ventilation for the feet. with that being, not recommended for really cold days.
B0055528IM perfect!!! it is must item..i think the color of shoes are pretty nice. and also it is cheaper than other offline stores.
B0055PMH74 Cool The style is very nice , and the price is fear also you don't see those and any store you has to go online and get it
B0055QUAFO nice shoes nice shoes very comfortable cant even tell u got them on like the way they look as well almost like u just got socks on
B0055X9J0O like it it was very nice!! i like it.. this is what im looking for. now i can enjoy it! thank you.
B0055XD8JM nice these shoes where much nicer in person then on line, nice look, well made, and my child loved them. the fit is bang on.
B0055XD8JM Unique and Comfy Very very nice sneaker.  Unique coloring and design. Very comfy.  True to fit.  Nothing outlandish and nice touch with the red.  I really enjoyed wearing it.
B0056PKCCK Puma Clyde Well I can't wait to get them and try them on, look like a nice casualsneaker for the summer. Hope they look as good in person like theylook on line..
B0056PKEMI Cool Cool shoes, color not as light as expected, but really nice after all, didn't like tho that this sneakers are pretty big, skater look, you can't really tell by pictures, so watch out.anyway very comfortable and good looking.
B0056PKEMI not what i thought i was getting i would go a 1/2 size down on these if i were you. also they are not really a bright soft blue like in the picture. they are much darker and duller in person. still and nice comfortable shoe though. got them super fast but for $20 shipping, you'd expect that.
B0056WZN2W PERFECT!!! THESE SNEAKERS ARE PERFECT FOR WALKING AND EVERYDAY WEAR!!! NICE COLORS FOR SPRING AND SUMMER AND COMFORTABLE!!! GR8T BUY! I DO RECOMMEND
B0056YR3N2 Nice for being cheap These cleats are nice for the price, but they're not the best quality, as can be guessed by the price. The laces are cheap and come untied easily. I have been using the cleats for about a month and there is a little wear on the top laces holes.
B0057DPSQG Simply comfortable these Briefs have to be my Favorite that i have bought. the material is nice and soft and the stitching on the inside doesn't irritate my thy. these are a great choice
B0057DPSQG I wear them, but not impressed The Puma Men's Boxer Brief's are nice, but there is room for improvement.Lets break this down in to pros and consPros:- Very smooth (love soft stuff? This is for you!)- Cool design (Red on black is awesome!)Cons:- Fits a little weird, and are kind of looser than most briefs.Some reviewers claim to have holes in them or other issues, and I had nothing like that.Overall, I will be buying boxers again soon and while theres are nice (4 out of 5 stars) I will personally be looking for a new brand (5 out of 5 stars).
B0057DPSQG Really Nice.... I like the fit, it was exactly what I was looking for. I don't like clingy underwear that squeeze me up so this works well for me.
B0057DPSQG Love these Very comfortable all day long.  Nice material.  Durable.Would highly recommend guys try out this product.  Its my 4th pack.
B0057DPSQG Very nice but a bit big Really love the colors and the design. However, I should have gone with a small as the cut is not particularly tight-fitting (as I prefer). (Also, this may be because I have a 31 waist which is hard to account for.)Great for the price though
B0057DPSQG Nice fit but The tag itches like crazy, so I removed the tag and it still itched. After a few washes the itchy thing goes away. They fit nice and hold up well even during a work out.
B0057DPSQG NICE COLORS NICE COLORS AND THE WAIST FITS GOOD BUT THE REST OF THE LEG AREA IS BAGGY.IVE HAD OTHER BRANDS THAT FIT BETTER
B0057DPSQG way bigger than average sizes these undies look and feel nice but i bought the mediums for my bf and they were huge! a medium looks more like an xl.
B0057DPSQG really big all my underwears are large, i have been buying online underwears all the time, but those are way to big, it doest fit at all, its a nice matirial, i woud go for a smaller size.
B0058XE0GY Nice Very comfortable shoe and a great value for the price. Haven't used for soccer yet so I'm hoping they hold up.
B0058XE334 Live it Very nice shoes, confortable. Exactly what I expected. I recommend. Looking to bye it in another colors, they come in black, white and grey.
B0058XE334 Twice as Nice Yep it is nice and cool. it fits with any type of jeans.. I am enjoying it. Hopefully i can rock it during winter
B0058XEE88 fit is very good Very nice. Fit is true to size. these shoes are very comfortable. very goof quality for the price. i like them very much.
B0058XELXG They're alright These shoes were inexpensive, and that's why I bought them. They aren't all that comfortable, though. There isn't very much padding, and they kind of hurt my feet sometimes. They do look nice, so that's a plus. I wouldn't suggest paying much over $30 for these.
B0058XELXG Nice Product The sneakers look and feel great. They are obviously a dress sneaker and their low profile look gives them a nice touch with a good pair of jeans and a button down shirt. The delivery was on time and nothing was wrong the way it was shipped.
B0058XEVXQ Nice shoe Purchased for a cousin and was well received. Puma remains a classic brand from the old school. Will recommend to others.
B0058XF1V2 Lovely item, Awesome just as described, I bought it for a friend, now I'm thinking to buy somes for my own. very nice quality
B0058XF1V2 Fancy Casual Comfortable and light and still nice enough to wear with jeans and a nice shirt for a night out.
B0058XF1V2 TNT There look nice except for the smaller but otherwise they perfect to wear and run and the material is owesome
B0058XF1V2 Nice shoes My husband love the design and the easy way to wear this shoes. They look so nice with any jean.
B0058XF6Q2 I like this shoes this sneakers are really nice, im really happy with them. I dont have a negative opinion. Puma never disappoint me.
B0058XF6Q2 Great Shoes..... Very nice shoes!  Look great!  Feel good, run slightly narrow.  Lenght was odd, 11.5 was short, the 12.0 slightly long.  Very nice shoes nonetheless.
B0058XFP86 Comfortable..... Comfortable, good looking, nice colours. It is worth the purchase. I bought this for my cardio workouts and casual day outs.
B0058XFP86 nice shoes Fits nice and its beautifull, i will love runing with this shoes, ill commend again when i see its durability
B0058XFP86 very short lived They were nice comfortable shoes, but after 3 months of heavy use there is a hole in the sole of the shoe. Very disappointed. I thought Puma would last longer.
B0058XFP86 exellent condition fits nice and looks great! it is just the right shoe for the money invested and better yet it's a Puma!
B0058XFP86 Fits very well But needs 0.5 size above. Very nice style. There isn't this model in Brazil, so I'm very happy with this Puma.
B0058XFP86 Nice item... They look very nice. They look nice, a little small but not too bad. I like them I hope they last a good time.
B0058XFP86 Nice Shoes Bought them primarily for running!!!! Extremely good.. Nice!!!  Looks good .. Totally worth the price paid!! Nice... I like it.
B0058XFP86 perfect deal Very nice and practical, it is my third pair of the same model, and I don't want to change them
B0058XFP86 Nice this shoes look very nice. I love it. the size was small somewhat but that did not stop me from using it.
B0058XFP86 Nice Works!! Extremely good pair of shoes. USe them for running everyday in evening. Would recommend for sure. Worth the price. Nice!
B0058XFP86 Nice tennis I bought this for my brother and he really like this product, they are comfortable, good locking and light! I definitely recommended
B0058XFPLS Nice! Comfortable, stylish and fashionable they are suitable tor casual dress and just a blue jean night out. I will get a lot of use out of these
B0058XFPLS Great Shoes I needed a new pair of nice everyday shoes. These fit great and are extremely comfortable.  They look nice and I've received a lot of compliments on them.  I've been wearing them for a couple months and they're holding up better than some of my other Pumas.
B0058XFPLS Nice sturdy athletic shoe Nice sturdy athletic shoe. Husband loves that it is solid all over foot. No mesh material means better protection from liquids and falling objects. like the styling as well. Have bought a few pairs if these shoes and always pleased. Durable and stylish.
B0058XFPLS Christmas Present Got these shoes as a Christmas present for my boyfriend and he loved them. I love them too! Very nice.
B0058XFPLS Nice shoes for the price!! I would say that in the picture the show seems to be a little bit darker than it really is. I actually thought they were black instead of a sort of dark gray. Other than that, I'll say that they are comfortable and look nice. Now, I'll just wait to see how much they last.
B0058XG1CA puma nice but fit is too small... like them but cant wear......i love puma shoes and clothing a lot, good buy............
B0058XG7RO Looks nice, feels okay only On the foot, it looks very nice. Comfort-wise, the tongues stick into your ankles (at least mine) but otherwise the shoe is fairly comfortable to wallk in. I have felt more comfortable walking shoes but this one looks more stylish than the more comfortable ones I have tried.
B0058XGI5A really nice shoes I bought these shoes for my husband and after reading the reviews going a size bigger was the way to go. He said they fit nicely and are very comfortable. They look really nice and I  am very happy with this purchase.
B0058XGI5A Nice The shoe came on time in a nice box.Very comportable and light. I will defenitely recommend this product and thinking getting another one.
B0058XGI5A Nice! I thought these looked cool, and found them for a good deal. They got here quickly and are just what i was expecting!
B0058XGI5A Nice design but really too tight. I always loved Puma.Pro: - Nice, minimal Drift Cat design- Love that Choco brown leather material- PriceCon: - Too tight NOT comfy to wear, makes your legs tired.- If i bought a different puma shoes with same size, it would have been too big but this one is just tight.- Typical of Puma that theres always a Thread Stiches that'll rip sooner or later. I know coz this is my 4th( after 2 Ducati puma and 2 Drift Cat) and they give up coz of poor stiches on 1 spot.Tip: adjust your size order
B0058XGI5A nice shoe Not quite excellent (a bit small) but very, very nice. Arch support is great. Feels like walking on pillows. K
B0058XGI5A thanks exellente product and execellent price excelen product, original... very nice.... product and packet, time is execel.... an material is original thanks...very nice product... . ..  waoooo. confortable i liked
B0058XGLKC very nice The shoes is very nice. I bought this shoes for my workout everyday. It is light and comfortable. Love it
B0058XGUJ4 nice perfect shoe for my son, would order these again, good quality of shoe, perfect size, comfortable and affordable, nice color
B0058XGWOC Nice perfect, i could wear it every day with not problem. nice fit, nice color,with puma quality and true size chart.
B0058XH1F6 Comfortable I bought these to wear to work and they were nice, but they didnt last more than three months, the colour started to fade, but all in all it was a good buy.
B0058XH4L2 Fit too large. Returned for refund Good service. Item as described. Nice shoes. Wish they had the next size down.
B0058XH5D4 Love These shoes are so comply I feel like my feet are surrounded by pillows nice padding all the way around
B0058XH5D4 Puma This is my 3rd set of Puma Voltaic shoes that I have bought for my wife and they are just a nice as the first pair I bought.  Great quality, perfect fit, nice and light.  She loves them!
B0058XH5D4 Very nice. Just in time, the colors are perfect, its very comfortable and i feeling  my smooth feet, just it perfect, ok
B0058XH5D4 Excellent True to size. VERY comfortable. Nice materials. Above expectations. The price was really cheap, got them at $40, all was good
B0058XH5D4 Beautiful shoes fits a bit tight, but is nice and comfortable. I would not really recommend it for working out, but it is a great all day wear.
B0058XH5D4 Nice Shoes but too wide I purchased these shoes for casual wear not running, so what they looked like on was important to me. They are nice looking shoes however they made my feet look really wide and big, so I returned them.
B0058XH5PM very nice model, beautiful design nice model, and fit very well only the header of the shoe is pretty large is great desing for this kind of shoes
B0058XH5PM very nice shoe very happy with these Pumas. looks good and nice to slip-on. may buy another pair in another color, dependingon colors offered
B0058XH5PM Favorites These are my absolute favorite sneakers for the gym, I like the comfort and the looks are nice.  I will be buying another color soon.
B0058XH5PM Good choice!! It's really confortable!!., pretty nice!!, here in Cartagena, i think there is no place to find this shoes, so it's just better
B0058XH5PM AWESOME! They fit great & no-laces is a nice touch.  Not much padding in the sole though.  I'd buy more Pumas in the future.
B0058XH5PM Excelent! Always i will wear this kind of shoes. They are so comfortable and nice!  The best mark in the world!
B0058XH5PM Gooddd I bought for a friend, very nice, looks exactly as the picture, good quality. I bought arround 3 months ago and they still looks great.
B0058XH5PM nice shoes I like the way they look,  really sweet. they are  tight i ordered two sizes bigger and it still a little time to get used to them.. but that is the price of looking good i guess :D
B0058XH5PM very nice were somewhat tight at first but have since become the shoe i wear most often. good buy. i like them.
B0058XH854 nice and comfortable very nice and stilish tennis they are very confortable and the desing are very very nice my wife use it for crossfit and she love it and if she is happy I'm happy.
B0058XH854 Very nice, i'm SUPER HAPPY !!!!! I recommend this shoes to every body,very very comfy,soft, they almost do the zumba for mi ....... LOVE IT a lot
B0058XH854 Puma voltaic 3 Puma women's voltaic 3 NM running show, purpleLight, soft, very nice color, price-value according to I was looking for
B0058XHCDM Nice! I got my new shoes today and they are gorgeous!!!  They are so light on your foot - almost like being barefoot.  The color is exactly as pictured too!
B0058XHDX6 Pretty nice, comfortable very nice rubber sole, so soft.Nice finish details, very nice sewing, not at all bad quality like other reviews.
B0058XHEBM Roma pumas The Roma edition of Puma is a really good one, very comphtirable and very nice shoes. You defenetely will be glad with your purchase.
B0058XHEBM Puma Basic leather The price and the look is what attracted me. and  they do look nice, only concern i have is the light weighness make it seem to be of less quality than i'm used to
B0058XHEBM Cool These sneakers are comfortable, look nice, and are very suitable for rainy days (as they are made of plastic) Exactly as expected.
B0058XHEBM Nice They are great sneakers. Fit well overall and comfortable. I could say im generally satisfied with these sneakers. Sizing is correct too.
B0058XHEBM Very nice looking on This shoe is on the small / slim side for a sneaker. but it looks very nice on with jeans
B0058XHEBM Nice fit I bought these for my husband for work. They fit as expected and are comfortable. He says they are a little bit flat on the bottom, as in if you have a large arch you may need insoles... but other than that very nice :)
B0058XHEBM nice sneaker when you can find for lower prices, i think it's a good deal. looks nice, etc. don't know if they all do or just mine, but it's a little squeaky.
B0058XHEBM I likke it so much It's nice,fit as expected. About the shipping ,it so fast. I like it so much. Con gratulation! I would like next time to shorping more.
B0058XHEBM nice shoe Nice shoe goes good with some levis or shorts.  I can pretty much wear them with anything ot anywere I go
B0058XHEBM without words!!! Just Nice!!!This was what i spected. Seems And feel good. I recomend it for any one. 4 stars to them!!!!
B0058XHEBM they are great They are nice and fit right in love the way they fit I will other about it thank u very much
B0058XHEBM Nice Sneakers I recommend everybody to try those sneakers and enjoy how comfortable and soft they are. Nice Puma and very cheap !!!
B0058XHQN8 Great Walking shoe Bought this to do daily walking now that the weather is warming up. Very comfortable and nice price.Will buy again.
B0058XHY3K Nice sneakers. I am happy with the fit and look. Always a fan of older style Puma and these are great for walking around or at the gym.
B0058XI9MA Looks better than I expected! I just love the feel and look of these sneakers.  They're nice enough to wear with casual or sports wear.
B0058XIJ2A Nice I love the model, fit how I was expecting, you feel so comfortable when you are walking on them. thanks
B0058XIVRS Look so nice BUT ... I buy this tennis because the look and every body say are greatin the reviews and many people say is NOT true the size is too smallfor that reason I buy one number more, when come this tennis are too bigI think they are true the size and look so nice but I dont like much the wayhow they feel in my feet I dont feel that suport I need in a running tennis
B0058XIVRS Somewhat large but ok with that ! very nice, very comfortable, no regrets !
B0058XJJ88 Bought these again- They are very light and comfortable. For a gym shoe, they are soft and feminine- looks nice on foot. Feels like barefoot or slippers!
B0058XJPNW Yes exactly size I would  advise him to deal I would  advise him to deal he good theand every nice good he haveand he nice man in the offer  :)
B0058XKUMM As pictured The shoes are as pictured high quality and the colors are beautiful.  Comfortable and nice support for casual walking enjoy
B0058XKUMM nice quiality very good product, excellent quality and very nice product q is a real worth buying I recommend nice ncie nice
B0058ZYXFA Very good runing shoes! I use them a lot for the gym, are very confortable and look very nice, for the price I paid this is the best.
B005901UOG perfect I have at least 20 pairs of sneakers that I use but none of them are as comfortable as this one.  I walk on my treadmill and on occasion, I do aerobics.First let me say, these are so cool looking.  They have a mesh upper so they are really cool and lightweight.  They have a nice sole so you don't slip and it really gives you great traction.They do run true to size and I can even put on a light sock with these.I have all brands but none of them are PUMA and now I actually think I am converted to a PUMA user.  They fit really nice in the toes, not too tight.  Your foot just slips in and the laces are well placed.  i walked the first time for almost an hour and my feet were feeling good.  My back was good too.  These have some kind of support in them that keep you walking up straight, if that makes any sense.I really love these sneakers.  Not only do they look good but they are very functional and I actually can't wait until tomorrow so I can work out again.If you're in the market for a great sneaker, and you just can't find one, give these a try.  you really might be surprised.
B00593HKCE Fat guy jacket. Wish this fit a little slimmer.  If I had a bigger gut, it'd be great.  Nice looking and comfy though.
B00593I88Y Very nice quality. I bought this jacket as a gift for my son who is very particular about how something looks and feels. He says it is very comfortable and enjoys wearing it. It washes up nice too. I would buy it again.
B00594DEB4 Very nice shoes My doughter is very happy with her shoes, very nice color. All her friends likes them. She is very happy. Thanks!
B00594EBKC great nice quality everything was as showed,  aa  b c d e f g h i j k a f g h jk  l mn cbv
B00594EDNM Nice shoes! This is a nice shoe for the price.They are pretty true to size. They seemed rather tight when I first put them on and even said I was going to return them but my husband advised me to wear them for a day in the house. This did the trick, they were pretty comfortable after that.
B00594FHRI Very nice! Bought this for my mother, she's very happy with them, very fashion, materials are fine and they seem very comfty!
B00595JJXA Nice Great looking comfortable shoes. Gets dirty easily, but overall worth having a pair . Good value for the price .
B00595JOOY very elegant and sporty at the same time very nice looking shoes,I love it,accurate description,very good price,I recommended very much,just in time for the holidays,build in very strong material
B00595JOOY Excelent Item they look great. i feel very nice for buy them, they look like an excellent product.you can buy with confidence.
B00595JOOY Comfortable and attractive shoe These shoes I noticed were comfortable from my first wear.  No break in period necessary.  ANd quite attractive as well. Nice thread make them nice for a variety of terrain
B00595JOOY cool looking, light weight very nice shoe, use it for travelling, very lightweight, easy on and off.. got compliments on how cool it looks.
B00595JOOY nice nice shoes .... good also for formal dressingreal leather....confortable....need to be 1 number bigger as it is somewhat small...
B00595JOOY Nice shoes for casual/dress !! Feels slightly tight. I ordered my actual size and they feel on the smaller side but I'm still breaking them in. Just so you know...They are a little pointy but still look very nice !! Love them! I would recommend them 100%! Just make sure you get 1/2 bigger and see how it goes. You still get free returns if you must.... !
B00595JOOY Nice looking gray Should have ordered half size larger, but I think it will stretch out. Nice looking gray.
B00595JOOY Nice and comfy These are really nice shoes. They are comfortable. I got them at a really good price. I would recommend them to any of my friends.
B00599DBJO looks nice like them ! great style!  However not a lot of shok absorbtion! but nice running shoes for joging! love the color!
B00599E1GQ Nice Shoes They were accurately described, and arrived fast. They do run a slight bit smaller than actual shoe sizes, but overall I was happy with the product and price
B0059BI3Z4 Nice I love the color and the fitting. They are really comfortable, I wear them all the time for just about anything.
B0059BK29O Comfy Everyday Boots These are great!  Comfortable but still stylish looking.  Fold tops down or keep them up - both looks are nice.
B0059C9DRK Cool Nice jacket.  Very comfortable.  Nice looking too.  The color combination also looks very good.  The product if of very good quality.
B0059CEZL4 Very nice sweatshirt. This was a very nice sweatshirt, only issue was that it was too small for my son and came in no other sizes.  :-(  Had to return it.
B005ADOBFM nice style and color Nice navy blue with neon orange color combo. A bit overpriced at $50, and the waterproofing rating is lame- states 5 bar (50m) 0n back but manual says you can't even shower with it. Kind of silly for what is marketed as a sport watch. I still give it 4 stars based on looks. Just happens to match Adidas Supersala IX orange shoes :-)
B005ADOBFM Wish the light was brighter. Nice watch. However the backlight is very dull. I could not figure out to set it on military time( maybe it does not have that ability). I do like the size if he numbers and its nice because of the calendar. I have gotten many compliments. Matches my scrubs perfectly.
B005ADOBFM Nice Nice watch but the material it's made out of gets dirty fast. I would recommend to puma lovers for sure
B005ADOCV0 Good, nice and pretty Nice, simple, and delicate, excelente to a present of a nice, doughter, wife, girldfriend, good size and water resist i'm recomended
B005ADOHZG Very nice. And VERY nice strap. Does not look too big despite being large. Quite nice, especially at this price point. Hefty, well made. I should note that the lense's shading is a bit darker than the picture makes it appear - at least indoors. All the functions work properly, and the crown feels solid when manipulating it to set the time. Had to adjust the home position on the 10th/sec (top) subdial when it arrived, but it was easily done. The strap is actually very very nice, they should picture it. Quality, dense rubber material, brushed belt-buckle style clasp with the Puma cat logo etched into it, and a little stainless plate at the tip end of the strap, also with the Puma cat. Well worth it at under $100.00.
B005ADOJBI nice wacht convines perfect all caind of clothes!! Amazing wacht very nice to use convined whit all caind of tim&eacute; that you need it i invited you to buy these &iacute;tem
B005ADOKS0 Very nice. My daughter loved this t-shirt, especially because the puma has a subtle glitter that makes it fancy. I know she will be wearing it a lot.
B005AYAJEI Comfortable and a Nice Fit! I usually wear briefs but after having moved to the northwest I decided I needed something a little warmer. These are well-made, comfortable, fit well and feel nice. Five stars for the fit!
B005B2H1FE Nice if they will hold up These shoes are really cool. I like the look a lot. They are a bit flimsy but are stable. Just not as stout in the body of the shoe. Over all nice sneaks.
B005B2H1FE Nice classic Puma shoes at this price! I rated these Puma Anjan sneakers 5 stars since they are quite comfortable, nice looking, classic design, cool color combo, seems nicely made (time will tell though), and at this cool price, I couldn't go wrong.I have already gotten a couple of nice compliments for my Puma Anjans, on the look and color combo.At only $26 and change, that's a great price for Puma sneakers like these. Get a pair while they last!
B005CCLT9W Nice cleats shoes, a bit small and very plastic Nice cleats soccer shoes, however they are a bit small and almost all plastic made so not very comfortable to wear.
B005CCPVAK Great They fit well. Nice shoes for soccer! I can't wait to use them for the next outdoor season! Yes yes !
B005CK2B14 GREAT LOVE IT, IS OK, MY SON LOVE IT TOO, VERY GOOD, NICE, I REMEMBER TO GUILLERMO VILAS, VERY NICE PRODUCT
B005CK4QE4 Nice shoe These are nice shoes for my 2 yr old.  Well made and have held up well so far.  My only complaint is concerning the velcro - it could be made longer.
B005CK4QE4 So nice these shoes I liked them a lot. They are very confortable for my child!! He loves them! It was definitely what we was waiting for.
B005CKB0WA Nice sneaker, small size I bought these for my son in a size 5 . He has somewhat wide feet and these sneakers wouldn't go on. They are otherwise very nice, good material too bad for the fit .
B005CKB0WA Nice shoe I bought it for my Grand son. He was very happy with it. He likes it. Its color is very cool.
B005CKB0WA Nice shoes The shoes look very nice; however, they are too small and narrow for my son. I will not return them but give them to friends kid instead.
B005CKB0WA nice sneakers! They might be smaller than regular sizes! But very nice fabric and colors. I ordered size 2 (my son is regularly size 1, and they are kind of tight).
B005CKCNE4 okay this shoes were a great price when i purchased them. they looked nice at the beginning but as my son wore them the stitching in the front started to come a loose
B005CKDW76 excellent Thanks are very nice and my son liked the'll have much more prentes whenever something more thanks for such an excellent product
B005CKDW76 Very nice shoes Really cheap.The quality that  a Mom need for his kids.Comfy, and easy to put.My 3 years Old baby wear it Daily. He Love Them
B005CKHBP0 Excellent sneakers Really really nice. ....comfy....my 3 yr old lives them and wants to wear them all the time. For the price they are great
B005COYRD0 Nice shoes for the price These are nice shoes for the price to wear in spring and summer. Haven't really tried them out so I dont know if they are comfortable but they look nice.
B005COYRD0 Nice Product I recommend this product, They are very comfortable and color is what I like. I recommend this shoes and the seller
B005CP0TQS very good So nice i brought two pairs.So light on the feet makes you think you are walking on a cloud and it fits very well
B005CPEUG8 Very nice My soon-to-be 3rd grader was excited when these shoes came for him, he thought they were very nice looking and fit him well. They're intended as PE shoes.
B005CPEUG8 very nice he loved them and has worn them a lot and they have lasted much better than expected would purchase again
B005CPLYR6 buy there really nice shoes look really cool i saw some on soccer.com for a higher price i suggest u get them not a waste of money at all.
B005CVWYPG Nice shoes My daughter is loving these. Nice materials. Quick deliver. Always have like Puma shoes. These are no exception to quality of Puma.
B005CVY9RW very nice very nice it was a gift for my first grandson. they fit just right and i think he likes them and he is only 6 month
B005CVY9RW Nice I ordered it a little bigger because my lil sugarbear is growing like crazy but it's a nice shoe. cute
B005CVY9RW Soft sole shoes This seemed a little smaller than expected. They arrived expeditiously. The feel of them are soft sole. The design in the bottom is nice, as well as the Puma on the inner side of the shoe
B005DCR5IU Nice Shirt Really Its a nice shirt And a great sizei expected to sent to me a defferent size like too many places i order shirt from itbut its nice really
B005DCRS6E A real short The product is perfect,the color is pretty cool and is very comfortable i have no complain about it ,is nice
B005DFNLYO nice feel nothing to say......wife tried them on ........and they not entirely how I thought they would fit.  but she is ok with it
B005DHQGEO perfect fit and nice I am very satisfied because my product went beyond my expectations.I'm proud of it.I'll come back for more.Thanks a lot
B005DTOIF6 nice pair of Puma! Nice pair of Puma shoes!! I use them as an every day on my job!! very confortable fit and light weight!!!! thank you!
B005DTT0H2 Looks nice and feels nice A nice looking sneaker and is really comfortable too. I have a wide foot and this one fit very comfortably.
B005EVOQ4G Nice I bought these for my girlfriend for Christmas.  I saw them online here and thought they looked great.  When I received them I took a look and saw nothing wrong with them, as they are nice looking shoes.  However the girlfriend didn't like them so I returned them.  silly girl
B005F17KYI Good quality and nice look I bought this outfit for my son he is 3yrs and he loves it! It looks really nice, the pants are kind large but its okay it still fit he will grow.. Good material also
B005F17KYI nice color its cheap and its perfect made in china but its good material that's all folks hope this will help you
B005F17KYI Nice outfit Fit was as expected as I ordered it a little big so mmy grandson can wear it for awhile. PUMA jogging suits are perfect for him. I enjoy their high quality.
B005F17KYI Sharp looking Fits nice and looks sharp, a little pricey but worth it. Waist in pants is perfect for skinnier side kids.
B005FWVKU2 Nice I bought this item and they arrived today, I think they look very nice and stylish, size is perfect I wear 8 and bought 8...
B005HEJK3W Nice shoes They are very comfortable and a good looking shoe. Fits to size. The cleat system keeps your feet grounded while hitting.
B005HEKWM0 very nice look great, fit feels comfortable.  i haven't used them for a round yet so can't comment on long term comfort.  will update after i use them a couple times
B005HEMCUA Very nice and excellent The portfolio is of excellent quality, very comfortable and the color goes with almost everything, is very practical use with long strap or shorter shoulder.
B005HEN3GW nice shoes a very nice design, very comfy when wearing it. there is some spike that really difficult to open but other than that overall is okay.
B005HEPXDI Nice shoes but not for wide foot They are nice but not very comfortable as my son finds them bit tight given he has wide foot.....Otherwise they are okay
B005HEQARQ Very nice and good size Nice backpack, seems sturdy hoping it holds up. The only issue, which is minor, the straps that  you pull to adjust the shoulder straps , is very slippery. They slide back easily. We just tied them
B005I36VEI Nice Really nice shoes... fit as expected, soft, comfortable... I use them for long walks and they are awesome!!! totally recommended.
B005IKILF8 Comfortable Was looking for something to wear when at work, I stand all day on concrete. They are very comfortable and look very nice. True to size
B005IKJ2D8 good buy I bought this sneakers for my wife as a Christmas gift, and I was not sure if she was going to like it..well she did and they look nice.
B005IKJ2D8 I Love Amazon Impressed with very quick shipping! I had ordered the puma soleil sneakers in the gray & violet on April 12th, & also had selected the free shipping. My shoes were shipped on the 13th, & I received them on April 17th (It was estimated to be the 26th). I wasn't expecting it to come so quickly since it was shipped to an APO Box.As far the shoes go, they are very nice in color, quality &  also pretty comfortable. The only concern I have is that I need to find a spray to will make them waterproof. It says on the box "High quality suede means the color may bleed. Just telling you!" Other than that I really like them! Very nice looking sneaker!
B005LC5FTS Nice bag This is a very nice backpack and is the perfect size.  The colors look really nice.  The quality is nice.
B005LCD60I Nice shoes. Bought it as a gift for my younger brother, he now wears them all the time. I love my pumas, and he does too!
B005LCD60I Puma lab2 Very nice shoe that was exactly as described on the website. Cool color. The seller description was accurate. They look better than the amount of comfort they provide.
B005LCD60I Good fit Very nice fit and the shoe looks really nice. I like puma and am happy with this purchase. The price ain't bad, either.
B005LCE58A nice I like it the space is perfect not to big not too small. love the shoe compartment and the other pockets
B005LCE58A Really Nice. Really awesome back, God Size has the good sporty looks easy to carry and have enough space inside and the side 2 pockets make it easier to keep and remove things.
B005LCEGM0 Nice product haven't fully tested but its a good looking bag and it has a nice shoes pouch.I wouldn't recommend it is your not a hard core gym athlete  since it seem to be more for the causal trainer
B005LCENV4 Very Nice This is a very nice bag.  Much more heavy duty material than most.  My son throws his running spikes in it and they don't poke through.
B005LCENV4 Nice straps! I like the wider straps on this that are less cutting than the lace design of some drawstring bags. Nice color scheme too! I know these types of bags don't last forever, but this one is well made.
B005LCENV4 Looks nice and well made Is easy to carry, and it looks nice and well made. I will use to carry a towel and sandals. It meets my expectations for the price.
B005OKF984 Nice fit, quality product Very pleased with this order.  Puma used to be questionable, yet now they are making some great shoes.  Definetly competative to nike shocks.
B005OT8608 Try to buy, great seller!! Nice sport shoes, very confortable and daily use, easy to clean, fix with any style..... i recommend you, order now!!
B005OTA9R6 Very nice design, slim not too bulky and perfect for fashionable exercise shoes. Very simple but nice looking, i'm sick of athletic shoes that are all about bright colors, weird soles and lines. I just wanted something simple that can give me comfort when I exercise and this is it. The ones I have bought have already gotten very worn and dirty since I've used it so much, if I do buy another shoe it will be the same exact one.
B005OTA9R6 Really Happy with my purchase. Very nice look, and fits really well. Very happy of my purchase on line. Lookinf forward in buying another pair soon.
B005PGV9LS amazing cool. very nice color,fit OK, simple to use, service Amazon great absolutely. Buy for my wife, and now want more for my family
B005PVNAT2 run big they were nice but had to return them because they run big. My husband typically wears an 11 in Puma, but in this style a 10.5
B005R506IO Very nice shoe Purchased for my 14 year old niece for back to school. She loves the colors. Fits nice. Would've definitely recommend.
B005R506IO Stylish and comfortable. I bought this for my child, and they are a very nice pair of sneakers.  The design is simple, but nice, and the sole looks like it will hold up to some rough-housing.
B005R531DG Nice looking shoe My daughter loved the shoes and the fit was right with room to grow.We'll see how they hold up.
B005R531DG LOVE THESE SNEAKERS! Fantastic!! Such a nice and beautiful color combo!! The laces are nice and chunky. They were a little too large, but we can make it work'
B005R531DG Christmas gift I bought these for both of my nephews for Christmas. They are very comfortable for them and look really nice. They are suede so be prepared to apply water repellent.
B005R531DG Pumas The shoes are nice , but the color fooled me .. I thought the purple was a lighter purple . Other than that there comfortable.
B005RZY9YQ Good price Great model I bought it for my 8 years old child, She is happy with this model, the mix of colors is nice too.
B005S6ZFHE Seriously...better than I expected!!! Did expect the quality but, these are very well made.  The stitching very nice.  The length is great and the color is true to the picture.  Definitely a Ferrari red.  The Puma tag is discrete  and stylish.  No shipping issues.
B005Y759GE good buy My 7 yr old daughter loved it. looks exactly like picture and very nice material.It fits her perfect too and i hope they have more colors in it.
B005ZFCUIA My new kicks I love these sneakers.  So compfortable and nice looking!  I run in them daily. They are light as a feather!
B005ZFCUIA Super comfortable! Just received these yesterday and put them on to work out right away. They have a nice snug fit, but not too tight. They aren't too heavy and not too bulky looking either. They give me nice support all around.  I really like them and I look forward to putting them to good use!
B005ZFCUIA Nice looking, fits true to size Nice looking sneaker, smaller toe box than some brands, but fits my foot just fine. Comfortable so far, but haven't put it through it's paces yet.
B005ZFCUIA Really bright and cute and comfortable Very cushion-y.  Nice looking.  Good quality.  Great colors.  I like these a lot and would buy another pair.  They are very soft inside.
B005ZFCUIA They look nice -- prettier than other brand at the same price ... They look nice -- prettier than other brand at the same price range. If you have wide feet, then you may not feel very comfortable. I wear 8.5 and as other people suggested, I bought half size up and they fit well.
B005ZFCUIA Amazing Shse I have received the items and as the picture the design very nice and the materials quality excellent.Size fit faultlessly
B005ZFCUIA recommend it! i got them  in yellow color and so much like it. shoes are nice, true to size, solf and comfortable
B005ZFCUIA Look nice The shoes look nice. There is no cushion on the insole so they are fine to wear for short periods of time. Wouldn't wear them to run.
B005ZFCUIA Not bad These are pretty nice. I don't have an abnormally high arch or anything, yet the arch in these don't reach my foot. These sneakers do have an arch, their just not that high I guess. Which is fine, I'll just get an insert for them. These sneakers would work good for someone who is more flat footed. Also works great for high arched feet if you get an insert for them. My foot is a size 9.5 so I usually just get sandals in size 9 and sneakers in size 10. These sneakers in 10 are a good size for me. They fit how they should, having just enough room for my toes to move as they naturally should while being active. The sneaker around the ankle stays below the ankle enough as to not cause blisters or irritation... which I love. Over all I think I'm pretty happy. I think they'll last a long time. Their good quality, comfortable and I don't think it's going to be a painful process to break them in. Their nice fitting without being too tight and don't irritate any certain spots of my feet. The padding in them is nice, and they also seem breathable. I wouldn't get these sneakers again only because of the arch not fitting nicely, but that's just my feet. They may be great for yours. They are worth trying out. I like these enough to keep them and use them for the next few years :)
B005ZFCUIA Good Deal! These shoes are well made, very comfortable and at a nice price. Cool colors too! Definitely would buy Pumas again.
B005ZFCUIA LOVE THEM!! These are the most comfortable Pumas i have ever had. They look nice too, and they dont make my feet look like clown feet.
B005ZFCUIA nice shoes Have not worn Pumas in a while and wanted to try them again.  So far i do like them alot.
B005ZFNJCG nice I found very nice to give it to my sister on the day of his birthday. thank you very much
B0062FNVDA Nice for Zumba, etc. I love these. The color is pretty, fit just my size in an athletic shoe, and they are great for any quick movement exercise class. Highly recommend.
B0066ALBZ6 PUMA My daughter loved it. Nice color and so easy to use.I would like to buy other color soon. Nice
B006GKA67A Nice Got it for my daughter, she likes it, I like it, all are happy. It's perfect for fall, not too thick, not too thin.
B006IWCMUK Nice, but way too small. These are nice shoes, but they run very small.  My 10 year old wears a 3.5.  I ordered a 4 knowing she'd grow into them, plus she wears an insert for support so I though I was going to have room.  She needs at lease a 4.5 in these shoes, plus they're very narrow.
B006IYTB1Q Nice shoe - Nice Price Purchased for my 12 year old daughter for indoor soccer on turf.It's new so I can't say much for durability, but like every other shoe I'm sure she'll outgrow them before they wear out.  Construction seems very good so I don't anticipate any wear issues.  Sole is rigid and the laces are asymmetrical (you can't really tell from the photos, but they are).  It runs true to size and the width is medium.Overall a very nice shoe that my daughter says is comfortable and makes her run faster - what else could you ask for?FYI- 4 stars from me is about as good as it gets.  5 stars reserved so really fabulous items so don't read anything negative into the missing star here.
B006J7WSEY Really nice shoe - good value! This was exactly what I needed. My daughter needed cleats for baseball - and these fit the bill. I know they are advertised as soccer shoes - but the work fine for t-ball.
B006J7WSEY good shoe Very nice shoe. True to fit and size. Slightly narrow. Blue is nice and bright. My daughter loves them. Recommend
B006J7WSEY Really nice shoe I would buy this shoe again. The style is nice as well as the fit. Preforms as we had expected
B006K28VOO Very nice boot. Very nice boot. Looks same as on the picture. good quality, very light, soft & comfortable. My daughter likes puma.
B006OEGJO2 Super comfortable Man golf shoes have come a long way in 5 years.  These are night and day from the FootJoys I bought a few years back.  They're light, look nice, and oh are the nice on the feet.  The spikes look to have great grip also...haven't worn these on the course yet but when I do I'll update this review.
B006OEY2NC great shoe ...very functional tee box to the clubhouse to dinner, you can't beat these shoes.breathable, waterproof and nice looking. I would buy them again.
B006OEY2NC 4 stars I usually wear an 8.5 or 9 in sneakers.  I bought the 9 in these and they fit fine.  The 8.5 would probably have been a bit better fit lengthwise but then I think they would have been too snug on the top part of my foot.  They are comfortable and seem to be waterproof and they look nice.  I would grab them if you are looking for some nice white golf shoes.  Also, I like the bottoms as they don't have the bigger spikes.
B006OG0FA4 nice colour soft and nice colour colour is pink neon  and logo puma silver so easy to mate my sport  love it
B006PADP1U Nice Quality I bought these for my Dad and he really likes them.  They are very comfy and wash up nicely.  The quality is superb!
B006PF0KXG Puma Thank you very much, all excellent. Very nice dress. This is the dress I bought my granddaughter. Me the love that dress. I recommend
B006QO2XP4 Very nice I've had my shoes for about two months now and I like them a lot. I have the red ones and they are actually a nice dark pink color. They are very comfortable and easy to slip on and off. They also look stylish. I even like these better then the lakyos 2, which I also have.
B006QO4NHK Nice shoes for the price I usually wear Nike LunarFlys, so I ordered the same size shoe for these.  The fit is perfect, and they're very light.  I've only had them out a few times on the trails.  They dig into the dirt really well, especially on up hill climbs.
B006QOI4L6 Nice shoes I'm very happy with my purchase. Great stylish shoes for a great price. My package arrived fast an in a very nice bag
B006QOI4L6 Nice kicks I really like these shoes.  They are comfortable, nice looking and affordable.  I purchased these for crossfit training and they are working out well for that.
B006QOI4L6 Nice quality These shoes look great and are of nice quality but they seem to run larger than other Pumas I own. In fact, I would recommend ordering at least 1/2 size smaller.
B006QOIQ4Q nice shoe Shoes are great.  They were a bit tight on me, but other than that can't complain. My prior pair of these did have an issue with the front toe pulling away from the  mesh.
B006QOIQ4Q nice shoes. It's not the best color option but hey I loved how i got a nice deal on this before Christmas. It feels good on my feet and a bit of ventilation. I don't use it always since I'm taking care of it. It's one nice shoes for me and with the deal I had with this it's worth every penny.
B006QOJ8PM nice price and just for walking reasonable price and comfortable sneaks!  I traveled half way around the world with it and I do like it.  this is my first Puma.
B006QOJ8PM Smooth & great Excellent fit for me, nice, comfortable, light, stable, great to start Cross Training, highly recommended for short walks & home usage, nice looking by the way
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes! I have always loved the Puma brand  they fit my feet like a glove,  and comfortable too!  Fast shipping from Amazon Prime rocks!
B006QOJ8PM Great sneaks! Nice fit.  Look good.  These are comfortable and stylish cross trainers which were just what I was looking for for my workout.
B006QOJ8PM Recommend getting 1/2 size bigger Nice looking kicks! A little too snug for me, need a little more toe room, otherwise I am content with this purchase.
B006QOJ8PM A tad bit tiny These shoes are very nice. They seem quite durable but unfortunately they are not true to size for my husband.
B006QOJ8PM nice shoe I ware a lot of shoes these are very comfortable. Great deal when I bought them they were 40 bucks.
B006QOJ8PM very nice shoes Very nice shoes,,, I order for my husband he really like it,,,,its great product and the price was good. I like it
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes The Pumas cross trainers were first Pumas I ever bought. They were a little tight in width but length was fine and they look good. I got used to them quickly even though they could use slightly better arch support.
B006QOJ8PM Good, Nice & Neat As expected size fits perfectly and comfortable, took the advantage of the deal. Looking forward for more such deals. THanks
B006QOJ8PM Awsome Hi very happy with my new pumas. I wish I bought 2 pairs of these.  They are a nice fit and very good design great product. I have a size 13 foot most sneakers are bigand bulky and I feel these make my feet seem smaller.
B006QOJ8PM A bit tight Tighter in toes then usual. Otherwise they fit well. Nice shoe for the price.  Good support and stability while working out.
B006QOJ8PM Nice design, poor quality I love PUMA shoes but a bit disappointed with my recent purchase. The out sole quality didn't hold up at all. I had to glue the outsole after a week of wearing it on both feet.
B006QOJ8PM COOL! Nice cleats to run and to go to the gym! I use it every day! Beautiful design! High quality! Thanks PUMA!
B006QOJ8PM Nice sneakers I like the look of them and the feel a little tight for my size. These are very light sneakers and they look great.
B006QOJ8PM their Cool They fit very well nice to walk in i like the look would like some other colors, loke brown and all black.
B006QOJ8PM TOO LARGE..... NICE SHOES GOOD QUALITY  BUT TOO  LARGE, I ORDERED 91/2  AND THEY SEND ME SIZE 10 TOO BAD SO  DISAPPOINMENT........:(
B006QOJDAW Nice but weird to wear This shoe is nice, well made, and very cute. It feels weird on my feet. May be just me but I put them on, walk around in them and feel ass if the sole is not made to walk in.
B006QOJSXE Pain it's really nice talking about the look, but it hurt my small toe that's the only inconvenient not because it's to small for me the friction is too much
B006QOK6TY Comfortable and cute Great casual sneaker.  Colors are nice.  The puma stripes are actually metallic silver, nice against the grey suede.  This shoe does run a little narrow and long, by only a 1/2 size for me.  Love wearing these with jeans or yoga pants.
B006QOKESC VERY NICE SHOE but........ The shoes are very nice but narrow and undersized.  If you order get 1 or 2 sizes biggger than what you actually wear.
B006QP38XY Nice ... but ... Overall nice ... but not appreciating some green foam, sticky whatever blob thingy on one of the laces that can be removed. A blind person in quality control should've seen this!
B006QPLVA6 Nice boots Comfortable boots. The only thing I did not like is that the sole is very smooth when the floor is wet.
B006QPN3ZW nice it's very good. nice to wear.it's my gift to my father, he said he like it.they are nice shoes.
B006QQ0QWY Very nice Very nice looks just like photo and fits perfectly very excellent quality and durability . I highly recommend this shoe
B006QQ11IM Very nice sneakers! I love the design of this sneakers, very good quality and fits like a glove! The shipping was in time, I would recommend to everyone!
B006QQ18MQ Nice shoes This was an excellent purchase and I apply my 20 off percent so it cost me like 60 bucks the size 9.5 its a little tight on my toes
B006QQ1B3W NICE TYPE OF CLOTH! Very nice product just gets dirty very easily ! so if you want it for to play soccer or a sport better be one that is not that dirty!
B006QQ1B3W very nice and comfy they are very relaxing to wear. I have gotten alot of compliments already because they are styling shoes. The shoe overall is of great quality.
B006QQ1C5E A very nice shoe for the money. My son is very picky about his shoes and he finds this style very comfortable. It's a nice shoe for the money.
B006QQ1C5E LIGHT AS A FEATHER! I HAVE TROUBLE TYING SHOES WITH MY ARTHRITIS.  THE VELCRO FLAPS ARE NICE.  THESE SNEAKERS HAVE A SLEEK LOOK. I  WOULD BUY AGAIN.
B006QQ1C5E Nice This shoes it was i thinked! the color, the form, texture excellent but a little bit tied! but its ok!
B006QQ1CCW Good and nice Its realy good, i was expected that quality will be perfect and nice, i will suggest this item to my friends
B006QQ1CCW Nice looking shoes I rate high this shoes because they look really nice fashionable, fit ok and are comfortable I use this shoes for the gym except in the treadmill
B006QQ1DUI Nice looking, so so  quality These tennis shoes look really good. Great fashion and confortable, the only problem was that one of them started to rip in the front just after three or so wears :(  we took it to a local shoe repair shop to get fix but I was expecting more from this kind of brand
B006QQI76Q nice color, good for driving cars with small pedals.... This is my second pair, i had a previous version which I loved. These are a slightly newer model and somewhat feel flimsier but still good.The blue is a very nice color and for my old cars with very narrowly spaced pedals I depend on shows that don't add bulk to my size 12 feet.
B006QQIYL4 Really confortable This shoes are really confortable, soft, the color is pretty nice but a first view look a little nasty but i recomend it
B006QX9X80 Nice color and size No complaints on the shirt.  It looks exactly like the picture and it is true to size. They need more colors.
B006QXPX9I A Nice Hoodie It looks exactly as presented, and it feels great. I have washed it once and it came out fine without tearing or fading.
B006QXPX9I Awesome Hoodie! This is a heavy fleece lined hoodie that not only looks really good, it washes well and is nice and warm.
B006QXPX9I Blue hoodie This hoodie is so comfy and cozy. Very nice pool blue color, bright and the puma logo is nicely stitched in. Very nice!
B006QXPX9I Nice Nice thick pullover. As pictured and worth the money. My husband loved it. I would recommend the fleece and matching pants.
B006QXPX9I Quality Product; Nice Style Had been looking for a Puma pull-over sweat shirt with a hood for a while.  This one was just what I was looking for.  The color is a little more cream than white, but has a nice look none-the-less.  Received it right away and was very pleased.  It's thick and comfortable and appears to be a good quality product.  Have paid more money for much less quality in the past with other products, so I was very happy that it was something I can wear for a long time.
B006QXPZT6 comfort and style just have to have them tailored a little bit. I'm 5'8'' and they are just a couple inches long. very nice though
B006QXPZT6 Just what I ordered.  Thanks! Nice PUMA pants for exercise or wearing around the house.  Price is very reasonable.  It is just what it appears so if you like it order it.
B006QXPZT6 Pants were WAY too long....bummer. Nice quality but they were way too long for my husband. I had to return them....oh well. Maybe they will fit someone who is 6 feet tall or more.
B006QXPZT6 Nice Pants I love these pants the fit perfectly, they are comfortable and as a matter of fact I'm wearing them right now! Great product.
B006QXPZT6 nice item These pants from puma are about what I expected. They look nice, and have held up pretty good. However, they were way too long, and I had to have them hemmed.Luckily, the logo was up far enough on the leg that it didn't look too weird after they were altered.So they are a little big,if I ordered them again i would go down a size.
B006QYHHFU nice fit the jacket is very comfortable,fits snuggle enough and is very important. It can be used for most occasions when stepping out
B006SZ5FCE item as described item as described, its just amazing and the colors are so great, i just love it. Really nice and beautifull
B006SZ5JP2 Very nice definitely good quality. my husband loves it, it's not too sporty and fits with lot of outfits. Thanks Puma and Amazon :)
B006SZ5QXM Nice Its a nice watch, but for my taste is rather small.. It's good presented and packed. Puma is a good trademark.
B006SZ5R1S nice the delivery was excelent in timing. the color is little more pink than i expected. but for the price i think it was a good purchase.
B006SZ610O nice.. use it to work, very nice and will buy again. highly recommended, it got scratches now but i don't mind still looks good.
B006ULQ06Q Nice Jacket I like the jacket but I thought the leather should have be a lot softer/supplethan it is... Especially for the price..Overall its a nice jacket for the fall and spring
B006VEOXA2 Nice soccer cleat These were exactly what my daughter needed for her first year playing soccer. These do not have the removable cleats the cleat is built into to sole. Also I was wary of the white as it might get too dirty however the material lends itself very well to wiping clean so these shoes stayed looking very nice through the whole season...including sime rain games.
B006VEPKTK nice shoes good quality, lasted long enough
B006VEPKTK Great Cleat! Looks awesome, a little bit of a wider shoe compared to most soccer shoes in this size!  It seemed to be nice and comfy for my son, got him 2 goals in its first use!
B006VESI5I Thumbs down Looks nice and easily gets scraped up the paint chips off and looks really tacky. Wouldn't buy this shoe again.
B006VWJSL8 Color off but still a nice jacket Nice jacket with quality details I like the color contrast with the logo.  Color is less red and more maroon but still satisfied.
B006VWLPLE Great buy! Husband liked but not a fan of all white so it is mostly hanged up in his closet! But material is good and looks nice! However I would list as a very delicate wash.
B006VWLPLE XXL isn't as big as you would expect............Beautiful SHIRT The shirt is very nice.  If you are a small framed man and like a fitted shirt, this is the shirt for you.  i bought for my son and usually XXL gives him extra roominess but this shirt is fitted and reminds me of an under armor shirt.  It is a very nice shirt.  The logo on the front of the shirt has a pattern over it that seems really cool - like it would be reflective
B006W1DT1I Nice shoe.  Looks so good on her. A little big but she will grow into them.  Will buy again when she grows out of them.  She is 3 and can put them on herself.
B006W1DT1I Nice and affordable! My grandson Michael really loved them! He even wants to sleep with them. They look very sporty with jeans and shorts....
B006W1DT1I Pink Jiyu 2 Puma sneakers-- These sneakers are very nice && affordable my baby girl loves this shoes i also purchased the same style for my boy && they love them &&there good quality A+++
B006WBUL1Y loved iy its exactly as picture and the size is perfect very nice piece my all recomedation to order more in future
B006WDKSVA Nice Shoe These were a gift for my 12 year old daughter so I can't comment on the fit or feel. But she seems to really like them.
B006WDOIEI Just ok... These have a nice nylon back where your ankle hits the back; that is nice. They are a bit narrow; and make my feet look like boats! Not crazy about the color; and very cheap laces. So I don't wear them very much; just don't like how they look; even at a great price! So I have only worn them a few times; they sit in the closet!
B006WEI3BQ nice shoe its comfortable, exactly what i expected. im actually looking forward to working out now. hope it stays in tact for a while
B006Z3N96S Love the hat! The hat is stark white. It fits perfectly and it made a really nice gift. I'm very happy with my purchase.
B006ZO3U0C You want these These shoes are nice and really help with sprinting and you look good doing it. But I have practice spikes and meet spikes so they don't rip up and stuff
B0070R9X2M Great This product is very very nice. I like it. It's comfortable for sport. The size is ideal for carry any sport stuff
B0070T85J2 Nice T-shirt A nice T-shirt ... comfortable, nice colors and perfect for working out. I bought a size large which is a bit small for a large, in my opinion. But I am happy with the product and would buy it again and recommend it.
B0071BUDRG Nice design sneakers! Love these sneakers! Very nice sporty look!If your feet are wide consider ordering 1 or 2 size bigger.Bmw fans, like myself, must have one of these!
B0071BUID0 Four Stars Very nice shoes fit nice
B0071BW9KK Very comfortable It's nice and comfortable but not good for long walks I find my feet hurts a little when I do so.
B0071BW9KK Nice shoes If it's fine is just the tag on the back rubs my heel. A little uncomfortable!
B0071EBTCG Nice soccer cleats. Nice soccer cleats, fit as expected and improved control of the soccer ball. But the synthetic look a little cheap.
B0071F07VE ok not the best quality but comfortable, my hubby says... but super nice color and worth to buy at 20$. give it a try if you find a good deal!
B0071F0IN6 Look great While I was a bit hesitant to get these shoes because they looked kind of plasticky on the site I was nonetheless very pleased with them once they arrived. They are for my son who is by no means a top soccer player, but they look nice, are very light and look sturdy. For an 11 year old, I think that's what matters.The sole is a single hard plastic molded plate and I am a bit concerned it might not be very flexible for sprinting, but we will see if this is an issue as the season progresses.So far, so good, and for a nice price.
B0071F0IN6 Nice soccer cleats Fitted perfectly! I like them, good quality and nice look. However, when you play more than 1 hour, you can feel the spikes when running. I hurt my foot once, when played for 1,5 hours, although it was not my first game. But they are really of a great design, and are comfortable for short games. Overall, good enough!
B00721G7RK too cool This shoe is way cool and is nice and lightweight and fits right on for my size. Comfortable fit and looks like it'll take some tough wear, too. Love it.
B00721KB86 beautifull i bought this shoes for my son it look very nice and he love it not yet his size but still beautifull
B00727EVWM Nice shoes Shoes fit my grandson as I ordered. They Look great on my grandson and are holding up nice for him.
B0073G9NNO Meh They are nice but the fit is a little small for my taste. I still love them and am glad I have them
B0073G9Z4Q look nice and comfortable It's a bit small compare to others, but it's still ok and fit.  I love the style and the material is good.
B0073GAUC2 Beautiful This product is beautiful. Very comfortable and relaxing. The colors are nice, bright, and are perfect for the summer. Great!
B0073GAUC2 Nice fit Very comfortable and light weight. Good deal for the price. They shipped and arrived alot faster than I expected them to.
B0073J7VLC Not fashion this is a nice backpack,and it can also hold the laptop there,but it is not fashion. So it depend on you.
B0073JM59K Very nice shoe I like the design and look of it. To me very comfortable. They look cool wearing them. Definitely buy again.
B0073JM59K Great design The leather on these is very nice - shoes are really well made - I have 10 pair of Puma's and these are by far most used and my favorite
B0073XIITC puma fan I have always loved the look of Pumas... They fit nice. I get alot of compliments on them. Great color
B0073XIITC nice sneakers Loved loved the shoes, but didn't fit. Couldn't get them in a half size, was hoping that I could have broke my heart to send them back. I'm so picky about my sneakers I don't like all the bright colors that is popular at this time, it's hard to find a nice pair of sneakers.
B0073XIITC nice shoes I ordered a half size larger than normal.  Good thing I did they fit perfectly.  They look nice and are really comfy.
B0073XIITC Love them Very nice profile and colors.  They look great with casual pants or jeans.  They are a little stiff, but stretch with wear
B0073XIITC Very Nice I have yet to run in it, but tried them on and very comfortable. Great design and what I expected.
B0075PPB48 Italian shirt This is a very nice shirt. Very happy with the quality.  I first bought one for a friend. When I saw how nice it was I bought two more. One for my son and one for myself. Very cool looking shirt.
B0076D2PWA Good looking glasses Comes with a really nice puma case and cloth and the glasses are nice. Feel sturdy, but are comfortable. They are a little bigger than I anticipated, but that's a small complaint. For the quality and price, you really can't beat them. I have other more expensive brands of glasses and these puma ones are on par with them. Happy with the purchase.
B0077BWNFA Nice Shoe Very nice and stylish, I have a wide foot and after a few days, it opened up. I would get a 1/2 to a full size larger though.
B0077C0KYA Nice shoes Very comfy and the size is as expected. Nice shoes to go with the jeans. Glad of choosing this pair over the streetcat ones.
B0077CKFCW I love puma is a good pair of shoes by puma, looks nice and very confortable simply in colors how I like me
B0077CLM2E nice than expected This is a very stylish, very comfortable fitting shoe. It fits perfectly on both feet and has been fairly durable thus far.
B0077CZI6K nice shoe This is a nice shoe, but it does not have much support in the sole.  By the end of the day my feet hurt and my ankles were swollen.  They are nice looking though and not uncomfortable to wear.  It might be better if I put some Dr. Scholls inside of them, but by themselves, they make my feet hurt.
B0077PJDSG Nice This sneaker is very nice.. Its even nicer in person, its neat and the colors are well coordinated, i would recommend.
B0078NLMS6 god my price I love it really god price for a nice shoes, and was the  perfect size and the color was great
B0078NLMS6 nice Pretty darn good I must say. I will be grabing a couple more pair in different colors. I really like em.
B0079ODROG Nice and smooth ... great for work out great for work outs, in the gym, biking or running.Feels nice, the size as advertised.I recommend this socks for any kind of workout
B007CTSE4Q Color fades after 2 or 3 washes Looks nice but the material is thin and the color fades after a couple of washes. Wouldn't recommend for this price.
B007IW951S Nice shoes. It took a couple days to break them in. Otherwise it's a good, comfortable fit. The soles are lightly padded, which is nice.
B007IWKBK2 Good looking, but not very comfortable First, it runs small, I normally wear 6.5 and ordered 7. It fits well. However, the hard bottom makes uncomfortable. i will still keep it because it looks nice.
B007IXCZZU Nice shoe Looks really nice but doesn't run true to size. Take a size larger and it should fit perfectly. Nice looking shoe.
B007J4AP0A Nice shoes They fit just as I expected them to.  They look very nice and I think they will hold up well since they are real leather.  I dig the contrast of the cream colored soles with the black leather.
B007J4J2G8 Nice look! These sneakers have a really nice look, they are comfortable and stylish. They have a retro look and dress up any pair of jeans or shorts. True to size and nice addition to my sneaker collection.
B007J5K734 Loved them I am in love with Puma flats.  I bought these ones and I loved the nice color.  It is different than the ones I've purchased before.
B007JAN1I2 sneakers is comfortable weird material, nice fit. good for walking. weird color. a little loose around the ankles.  I recommend it to friends.
B007JAN2PO Really nice Shoe First Puma&#8217;s shoes I ever buy, extremely sexy, it feats nice on the feet, and eye tuning and if you wear them with a short pants they look really nice.
B007JASSKI Puma Review Shoe is comfortable amd nice looking. I have used it for walking and excercise as well as for everyday .
B007JASSKI I liked them I liked these but they didn't look very good on me, so I gave them to my husband, they looked very nice on him.
B007JASSYO Great Shoe I gave this product a 5 star rating because they r very comfortable and stylish. The thing i didnt like was they was a little big but that is my fault cause they didnt have my size so i went up a size bigger. But the fit good cause they r tight around your ankles which is a good thing. very comfortable. I would recommend this shoe to my friends because of how nice they are. Love these shoes. Been wanting a pair of pumas for years. And very nice packaging. The shoes are in a box with no top and then are slid into a red puma bag. Puma shows and supports recybable materials and the bag proves it. Very nice over all A +
B007JASSYO Beautiful This shoe is nice, but very impractical.It's a bit goofy, and won't last many parties.But for sheer style, it can't be beat
B007MAYD2C Nice pair of shoes Bought this for my 16 months old daughter. They look very nice on her. Very good quality. Easy to put on and take off. Would buy again for different size.
B007MBU5VE Happy Nephew My nephew was very happy with the shoe.  I was worried it might not have an arch, but there was a nice arch.  It wasn't flat like some shoes.
B007MC1CHE It is very nice My small daughter use this sneaker for make sports in his school, the soft colors and the texture are very nice
B007NQC2OQ i like it it fit very well the model is nice really what i spected confortable nice to use out door the price a little hight thats all...
B007P3PWUS Nice Very nice sneakers. They look very well made and fit comfortable. They might be the only reason i look forward to winter! They come with another pair of reddish shoelaces, which I think is very thoughtful!
B007P4L4L8 Very soft I was looking for a pair of nice soft pants for wearing around the house and these fit the bill.
B007P4O2LM Great jacket Jacket came on time and was very nice. The jacket is soft and comfortable. Large size is a little bigger than normal.
B007P4O2LM Very Nice Jacket overall This jacket fits great. True to size. Nice and soft. Nice jacket for fall and/or early winter. I would have bought some more colors if they were in stock.
B007P4O2LM Nice Jacket Very cool jacket, soft material in a nice color with good quality for occasional dress, just that I expect from puma.
B007P4O2LM Very nice When i bought this jacket i did not expect it to be so warm and soft when i put it on i felt so comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone who likes comfort
B007P4OF5A Nice quality and fit the jacket has a nice fit and overall good quality for it I bought at a great price from amazon during black friday, the only complaint i have about it is that the sleeves are not "fleece" or the white fluffy stuff that lines the jackets everywhere else which in turn makes the sleeves feel colder at first than the rest of the jacket
B007P5QU9S Comfortable and well fitting The sweatpants are comfortable and they fit me well.  The material is sturdy and heavier weight.  And they look nice- not too baggy or droopy.
B007P5S2JY Nice Velour Pants These pants fit true to size and I like the fact they have a low waist line. I bought 3 pairs. Great quality!
B007P5ZFZS Nice jacket. Nice fit.  Warm in-between jacket.  I wish it came in more colors though.  It does the trick when a winter coat is too much.
B007PK5T0Y they look nice but they kind of too small They look alright but they are definetely too narrowI am not a runner nor a soccer player so I am not going those metal nail on them. They look a little ackward but he!
B007Q36ALC nice i bought this sneaker for my son 6 years old he love it still not his size but is very nice the model
B007Q36ALC NEVER TAKES THEM OFF MY SON LOVE THEMEasy to put the onLeatherThe red inside you can see it a little outside and they look really nice
B007Q36U4Y Really nice ATHANIEL loved them! I had never bought the brand Puma before for my grandbabies but, I was really surprised of how well their made.
B007SI1WXQ nice the watch is really sweet comfortable and nice once you learn to use it it will become part of u
B007SLGLX4 Very nice shoes for kids. My son love them and are very nice and he can put on myself and take fast so he love them. The color is very nice with cat on them.
B007SLGLX4 Nice Sneakers My son beats his shoes up, but these seem to be holding up well. The design is also very cool. I would buy these again.
B007TJLLDU Real nice! Great fit and very comfortable. Received them in 2 days. Very happy with my purchase. I highly recommend them! Nice style too
B007TJMGKM Nice shoes The shoes are exactly as described. Not a lot of arch support. They look nice and are easy to clean.
B007USEG6E inexpensive and nice nice looking sneakers very  comfortable,all in all a very good purcahse. The color is very rich and nice.Can be used for every day casual wear.Satisfied indeed
B007USEG6E nice sneaker it's a good deal.so comfortable and nice appearance.perfect for a beach day or a summer long walk day.
B007W1CBLQ Its so nice! nice gift to the young man)  the Size no more specified, to tall children to take for the size is more. fast delivery, pleasant cooperation!
B007WQHWIS Seems Nice But Too Small Nice, very light shoe, but even a size 13 is too small for my (15-year-old) son's feet.  Toe box is very low, so plan accordingly.  Never got to wear on the field - back they go.
B007WQWPWG Great, comfy shoes These shoes are nice.  The only fit issues I had was that the toe box is kind of tight, though that is expected with Pumas I think.  There is very little sole on these shoes, so beware.  The colors are nice and otherwise the fit is great.
B007X0C5MQ confortable Very comfortable, nice, pretty an fits perfectly to muy little girl.  I will buy another in other color, very nice.
B007Y7BINU It's ok Well, shoes are nice and cute, honestly, look better in the picture than in live, but still very nice and soft, perfect for a baby and is sure to not hurt his feet
B0084CXRA6 Nice Fit My 10yr old daughter wears these for dance class and really likes them.We have washed them once and they seemed to hold up well.
B0084D5BQI Nice outfit Fits my daughter really well.  (She is tall but very thin).  It has held up nicely through several washings.  I wish it had a matching shirt sold with the set.
B0085V0N80 nice shirt wrong color i like this shirt so i ordered 2.  1 black and 1 green. however i was sent 2 black shirts.  was someone sleeping when they looked i my order?
B0085V0N80 Cool Very comfortable, the black is a rich color & it has a nice soft material. Perfect gift for some one. Fits perfect. You would not regret buying this tee.
B0086FN9MW Puma jacket I normally am not a fan of blue, but this hoodie is really a nice color and it is perfect for my grandson.
B0086FNBQ6 Very nice Very nice set of pants.. My child really likes them. He actually wants more but in different colors. Again very nice!!!
B0086FYO0I Love it! We received this sweatshirt and it is adorable, just as we expected. Excited to gift it! Nice bright colors and good quality.
B008981UJK Very nice size is spot on, i got it from my other Puma sneakers.it looks very nice and is comfortable .
B0089TIXN0 Nice The size of this is really for a man, color is perfect. I have no regret for buying this, really worth it.
B008A64X0Y Good Really nice shoes, fit as expected but are not comfortable... I bought this for my mom and if she use them for short time, everything is ok.. but for long walks and shopping dont work.
B008A6CIL0 too large this product doesn't fit, it's larger than standard shoes. Really, sound bad because shoes are really nice and comfortable for me.
B008A6JWU0 Nice - Comfy Shoe Nice - Comfy Shoe- Bought for a preteen. Easy to put on and very nice breathable summer shoe.. you don't need socks with it.
B008A6KTKC Pumas!!! Really nice shoes... I'm happy to use them for my work outs and I'm loving the colors... Reflectors work nicely at night.
B008A6KTKC Nice Fits good for me. Very comfortable. Seems to help with my feet that hurt due to health issues. I would recommend these shoes.
B008A6KTKC Weird sizing. I ordered these and the sizing was terribly off. This was an attempt to buy shoes online and it just reminded me I am better off trying in store. Nice colors, but didn't feel good or fit right.
B008A6KTKC Comfortable They were slightly small, and I returned them. However they were just barely too small. I could tell if they had fit, they would be very nice comfortable shoes.
B008A6KTKC really nice I started working out a few weeks ago and wanted to change my old sneakers for something girly and fashionable that could match any athletic wear. This shoes are just perfect. Fit is great, colors are beautiful I look fabulous in the gym.
B008A6KTKC Nice shoes! These are very comfortable and look pretty cool.  I really like the color and design.  I use them in a mixed martial arts class exclusively and have had no issues with rubbing or discomfort.
B008A6YAFW so nice i love it, it is a very nice style, i recommend it to anyone who wants a good looking shoe
B008A6YAFW nice` great style.. fits perfect.. i love it. only wish it was a little cheaper so i could have bought a few more :-D
B008A6YCRI New Shoes, Love em These are nice and comfy, need a bit of break in, but that's to be expected. The material is not that soft, but I think that's going to mean they last a while.
B008A6YCRI Does what we need them too do My daughter's in soccer a lot and just needs shoes every year. These are very nice, fit her fine. Thx
B008A6YFQQ They're nice cleats, but not great if your feet are ... They're nice cleats, but not great if your feet are a little wider, as mine are. You'd think they would be, as they're calf-skin leather, but really only the white part is leather. Those great swathes of blue are some tough synthetic that doesn't give AT ALL. It's really too bad Puma doesn't make the Kings for women anymore.
B008A6YWMI nice look This pair looks exactly as shown, the grey is a nice color. They were also a great price, it is rare to find Puma so inexpensive!
B008A77TYK LOOK NICE Love these shoes. Get many compliments when I go out with friends! Go great with dark jeans! Nice and comfortable as well
B008AILQJI Nice Looking Lightweight Shoe Good looking design, very lightweight... only thing I'd like to note is that the actual color is a little more greenish than grey.
B008AJ5B4S Nice Shoes I liked it, the size is great, reached me on time, light and not heavy .I recommnd it very much
B008AJOHXO {~{WOW}~} Killer looks. Can't ask for a more stylish shoe. You'd love it. Nice color and comfort. Like the aero shape.
B008AJYS1U Nice one the best shoes ever from puma Ducati  , modern, light, and stylish, I strongly recommend this item to others. Nice shoes
B008AJYYCI nice and good comfortable I have nothing to say. if you wanted ???? so don't thing more..... very perfect to my leg and flexible
B008AJZ5OO Nice shoes but runs small Really nice shoes but i would recommend getting a size bigger as they run smaller then other shoes i buy. The sole is really narrow and will take some time getting use to walking in them. all in all a very nice shoe
B008AJZBG6 its too small i chose this rating because its a bit small, overall its a nice shoe, i would recommend this for everyday casual wear.
B008AK6Q8C Nice Driving shoe. This shoe fits a little snug so I suggest getting a half size bigger. The leather is nice. The Ferrari logo on the heel looks very nice.
B008AKOFGW Super nice shoes Shoes are really nice, nicer than they look in the picture, i bought them too small, but that was my fault, i will buy a new pair with the right size
B008AKOFGW Nice Very Light Shoes. Sizing is def off. I wear a standard size 9m, by experience with Pumas I knew to order a 10m and they fit just fine.
B008AL33QE very nice puma shoes These shoes is very nice,I am glad that i bought them they look even more beautiful i my hands than on the web....8~D
B008AL33QE Its Nice!!! More than I was expecting. Shoe fit the size I ordered and is very comfortable. Didn't need a break in period.
B008ALI936 Fits nice material isn't the best They dont seem like they're going to last long. The swing of the brand strips to the shoe are ripping off.
B008ALJ8S6 Very nice These are now our new favorite Velcro sneaker. They look so very nice, and of course are easy. The fit is accurate.
B008ALX6SO Phenomenal These are a very nice shoes, and I am very happy with them! Everything was as I expected before, and I can reccomend eeverybody who likes playing soccer!
B008ALX6SO Very nice shoe comfortable and lightweight and I expect to be using them for the next few years I would recomend them to young players
B008ALX6SO Really good Fits me well, looks pretty nice, also fair price. I scored in the first match with them. Really like them and recommend them to you.
B008ALXEBS Nice fit, poor workmanship I like the overall fit and feel of the shoe, but the sole started coming apart at the heel after only two months.  I expected to get at least a years worth of use out of them.
B008ALXVMK Nice shoes, Very happy I bought these for my son. He's very happy with them. He had been wearing synthetic the past few years, and likes the feel of the real leather.
B008AWUB54 Love them very comfortable, great for exercise. I love them. like walking on air. light, comfortable, fun. Nice nice nice nice. Excelent price.
B008AWUB54 so nice and comfortable this shoes are so nice the color is great and fits me perfect, everyone is asking where i get this?? hehehe love this and they were in a really good price!
B008AWUB54 YEEAH ARE VERE CONFORTABLE, VERY NICE LOOK, ARRIVED IN THE TIME BETTER THAN I EXPECTED I USE FOR GYM AND RUN.EXECELLENT SHOES
B008AWUB54 They're Nice The shoes fit okay, but I am not really happy with them. Will only use them occassionally.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe! My fianc&eacute; loved these. He has them in 3 colors but this is the best one. Also true to size. Very happy with our purchase.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe, a little small Nice shoe, a little small with a different design then I am used to.  But over all happy with purchase
B008AXTOQ0 Shoelace too long. I Like the style, colors and air cushion. And the shoes has Discounts&#65281;So I select PUMA Voltaic 4. It' very nice.
B008AXTOQ0 Odd fit Shoes looked nice, but the fit was off. They felt restricting so I returned them. Not sure if a bigger size would have even mattered.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Kicks I've owned older versions of this style of Pumas and they are still as comfortable as I remember. Also they are lite and get good traction.
B008AXTOQ0 puma Very nice shoe. Light and comfortable. I like the color and fit. Easy on and off. Very happy with purchase.
B008AXTOQ0 Good fit I bought the shoes for my fianc&eacute;. He said that they fit perfectly and were very comfortable. The blue and green combo is nice and unique.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Puma Because it nice and easy wear for sporting men. U can use it any where. It really nice for me.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes but size runs smaller than other Puma I ordered these for my husband who has a large foot. The shoes are VERY nice and the only reason I am giving it three stars is because they do not fit like other Puma shoes he has. They run very small. I was disappointed because they are very nice.
B008AXTOQ0 perfect sneakers Great sneakers ever. ...I will recommend to everyone very light and nice llooking. Am very please with this one I will buying again.
B008AXTOQ0 it's ok this product it's very beautiful and have nice price, so only have problem with too small, but in general it's ok
B008AXTOQ0 nice looks fits great and getting excellent comments on shoes I like them and would recommend to anyone interested ok ok ok
B008AXTOQ0 really nice shoe....but really nice shoe, but Puma's run skinny, i have a wide foot and from the pic i thought they would be a good fit.  i like the looks and feel of it, ill keep it and see if it beaks in a little more.  wish they made wider shoes as i like their styles.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice, Comfy and Stylish sneakers Nice, comfy sneakers the tongus is awkward though its connected to the upper part of the sneaker.I love the color and the fit
B008AXTOQ0 Nice and Light Are Very nice and light, elegant but a little more flashy than it looks in the picture, are also very confortable
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable fit Fits true to size for me.  Maybe a little snug in width,but a nice fit for running and excercising.  Nice selection of colors to choose form also.
B008AXY38Y nice look but uncomfortable When I first put them on I thought they were extremely comfortable seem to fit nice and snug all the way around. After actually wearing them for an entire day I noticed my feet are quite sore on the bottom. Could defiantly use better soles. Not terrible shoes but if you plan on being on your feet all day I wouldn't suggest these.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes These shoes are nice but cut to small. I own 3 other pair of Puma's and they fit well. This what happens when you use more then one factory not in the USA to make your shoe's, very poor quality control. Shame on Puma.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes but they run small These shoes are nice quality and all around good looking, but they run small if you do not have a very narrow foot.
B008AXY38Y Veattifully I Like Then and ar&eacute; soft confortable in my foot and very Good lucking i love Then nice price and cilor
B008AXY38Y nice shoe It was a nice looking shoe. It was just a little to small for me. But i will reorder another pair
B008AZD5ZE shoes fits great, love the look and the shape not bad at all looking forward to more in puma nice :)
B008AZD5ZE Very nice Shoe Good price for a comfortable shoe, light and nice colors for this pair of shoes, really like it good buy
B008B0TDGS Love 'em! Big fan of these shoes; surprisingly comfortable, nice looking, great fit.The only trouble is keeping them clean with all the white, gotta be extra careful!
B008CSFK84 Super nice!! This whatch is really nice, trendy, fashion!!...i love the  white color!!...i really like it.. There are so many puma watches that i love!!
B008EYO4TW didn't fit shoes were very nice, just a bit small.  Also felt like they would rub the top of my foot, so returned them
B008EYO4TW Nice style, nicely constructed. Great style and very comfortable. My normal size is 9.5M and the 10 fits nicely. I plan to use this as a travel shoe as it looks good with almost anything and is comfortable enough for long walks.
B008F061QO Nice Shirt Nice shirt, but fits tight.  All Puma stuff does.  But I had to have this awesome looking shirt.  Maybe after I drop 15 pounds, I will wear it.
B008F063BM Nice but no way These shoes looked nice right out of the box.  I order up a size from what I wear.  I could not get my feet in them and as it came close, it squeezed my foot so bad I did not try to force them on.  Nice shoes, but way too small and narrow.
B008F06C7C cute They look exactly like they do in the picture. I wore them to work when I got them and they were nice to work in I have to be on my feet for many hours at a time and they were comfortable. I wouldn't use these shoes for running or working out but to be at work they were nice.
B008F06KB0 Looks nice, not for winter Yes I know, shoes are cold in the winter but these shoes leak in from the bottoms.  If I so much as walk through snow my socks get wet.  Seems to be coming in from the sides of the bottoms.  Despite being nearly all plastic-like they leak.  Disappointing, otherwise a nice looking and wearing shoe, has some support which is nice.
B008F06KB0 Not right for my foot It's small about the ball and toe, but is too loose in the heel. Nice style but not for me.
B008F0KUOS nice shoes I love this shoes so comfortable nice stile  I recommended great price great combination of the colors, I hope son buy more
B008F16ZI2 Love this jacket It's really nice, and great quality.  The fit is slim, which is perfect when riding a beautiful Ducati :) I highly recommend this jacket!
B008F179TG Really nice shirt for work out This shirt is really good, the material is not as thick as a normal shirt, so it provides nice sensation, although i would say it isn't a shirt that stretches a lot, so order according to your size.all in all a nice shirt, highly recommended.
B008F17R2K nice shoes nice and wide and comfortable for walking. wide feet fit fine in this shoe good support, good comfort - love the colors. Wish womens walking shoes were as affordable and comfortable.
B008F17R2K Stylish They were nice for two months but the. Started to break but otherwise I got lots of compliments though very stylish
B008F17R2K nice looking like the shoe  but was tight width wise nice and light except for the tightness would not tell you had shoes on
B008F17R2K Very nice pair of Running Shoes Nice and light, good cushioning but a little stiff in flexing, very nice styling.  I would rate it a 9.5 out of ten especially at the gold box price I paid.A few months into these and the front lip is coming unglued but otherwise holding together well.
B008F17R2K beautiful beautiful. it is very beautiful and i like the colors. i wear it every day and it look nice on me foot.
B008F17R2K Nice They fit nice, they're comfortable, and look better than I expected. I bought them for the gym but might where them out sometime
B008F17R2K Nice I like them for my feet I've been walking around with out shoes or socks for the past 3 and a half years  .I do this so I can connect with the earth better its nice to feel your feet take purchase on the ground like they were ment to .I couldn't get into coffee shops or diners with out shoes so I broke down and had my cousin help me order these tennis shoes on this amazon. Well I'll tell you what these are feeling real nice on the feet .try them for feet and ill bet you will. Like then as much as I do .I feel I could run up a California redwood with these .
B008F17R2K Very nice feel The shoes add about an inch to your height, which I suppose is a good thing or a bad thing depending on what you're going for. But they fit well and have a solid structure.
B008F17R2K Puma Bioweb I really like the fit. The design is cool.. They fit great as well and comfortable! Nice!! And for the price, done!
B008F17R2K Nice shoes. Shoes look nice. Fit me true to size. They have nice cushioning. Arrived quick. Price was right. These are the first pumas ive owned and Im liking them.
B008F17R2K very nice product It's a very nice product, although the sole could be more comfortable and soft. But I still like it a lot.
B008F17R2K shoes ordered7.5 got 8.5 I do like the Seahawk colors that is a good thing bye  to you all have a nice day
B008F17R2K fit as expected this shoes fit all my need. great looking and good prize. come with nice packing, a beautiful red color bag. wonderful!
B008F17R2K Nice shoe, nice price Liked the color, but really like the fit.  Very comfortable.  May purchase another pair in a different color.  Would recommend.
B008F195AW Nice Item I like it so much. Excellent size and color. The fabric is so pretty. But, is not red, the real color is dark orange.
B008F2AJ9W Light weight and comfortable! Very nice zip up.Light weight and moisture wicking.  This zip up hoodie is nice, it is light weight but warm, it also helps keep you from getting too warm.  It is comfortable and I love it.
B008F2DOOE Nice pants Nice fabric, not too heavy.  Very comfortable for exercise . Good fit May have to get another pair; will be wearing them a lot .
B008J0KI5K Splendor I bought this as a gift for my brother, he over loves this T Shirt, the material feels so nice on your skin. The cut and make of it is perfect. It fits really well and the design if nice.
B008J0VC0A Nice Very nice and comfy . I do recommend this product . edee eeee ee ee e e ee e ee
B008J0W0XS It is awesome!!! I really like this polo. It is so cool and the craft is so nice. I can not love it more!!!!!!!!!!!!
B008J0W4P2 Awesome buy for your money!!! This was an amazing buy!!! Very nice fit I bought it for my brother for Christmas and this dude is never excited about anything but he was excited about this.
B008J0W4P2 large It was for my son in high school ;17 age; fit him well.Quality was nice look very nice. thank you
B008J0W5YM Great tshirt This is a nice t-shirt and it combines with my Puma Men's Drift Cat 4 the logo is quite small but still looks very nice
B008J0W9A2 Nice jacket... I bought this for my 13 year old nephew who plays soccer. He loved it. No complaints. Nice quality jacket with a great cool design. Very hip and stylish. Great price.
B008J0W9A2 Excellent The puma hooded arrive on time, and it's a very  nice jacket like in the picture... My brother love it..
B008J2T6AG Nice and Simple Larger than I thougth, made rough and with good materials. It was for my wife.Very modern design and easy to read.
B008J2T6AG Nice size display I bought this as it has a good display for the date not only the time.  I need this function as I am always using it at work.
B008J3HWDS great black pants The color is just as seen online, and the material just as nice. Fits closer to the legs than expected, but not to the point of looking like workout stretch pants. if your child is one who does not like for their clothes to touch them, this may not be a good choice for the child, however otherwise, this is really a Great buy.
B008J3HWDS Nice pants This are very nice pants.  They fit well and way nicely.  My daughter is tall and slim. She loves these.
B008K037J8 the cut on this shirt is not nice this t shirt is not cotton its like a spandex type material , but  the cut is terrible . the fabric is nice , but it looks big .
B008KI3HS6 It looks good this is a nice jogging shirt.  I like it because you don't need a jog bra with it, and it makes you look nice and thin.  If you are bigger than thin, or are bigger than a C in your upper body, I think this shirt might be too tight and uncomfortable.  Now for the three stars...  I rated it as such because, unaltered, it was too low in the, uh...upper body area.  It was easily fixed for me, though, as I can sew and simply cinched the shoulder straps and sewed them shorter, and it looks great now, and I am all covered.  But the average person might not want to go through such trouble.
B008KIE4FQ cool stuff nice fit for 2 year baby boy looks nice fits nice i love to have that set thanks seller :)
B008KJ5MWY Nice colour that stays after washing Nice practical outfit for school. My kids go to school in France, so no uniforms... I thught it would be a little warmer though.
B008M7S5NC Very nice The shoes is very nice. I have 3 pairs altogether. I have no regrets so far. Good job PUMA on quality making a quality product. Items comes in nice packaging as well.
B008N841N8 nice it fits really nice on my kid i would recommand this jacket t everybody hou have kids.overall great jacket .
B008QY0KMK Very nice shoes! They seem to be about 1/2 a size bigger than expected but better a little big than too small!  They are very nice looking shoes! Very excited to try them out!!
B008QY0MWS Exceptional Value Reall;y a nice shoe. Very comfortable and no break-in required; wore the shoes for 18 holes of golf and then some.
B008QY0MWS nice shoes!! These are really nice shoes! They loosened up nicely after one wearing. Good stability for walking the course but light enough for comfort. I bought the classic black on white because I remember Clyde running up and down the court in this style!! :)I did buy these a half size larger than regular only because I planned to wear two pair of socks with them. I also like the grip on grass but I also don't need to change shoes now!!Go ahead and get these - they go well with shorts or pants.
B008QY0TJO very nice These are very comfortable. Wore them the first day I received them and never had a problem. Lots of complements from by group.
B008QY0TJO Very Nice They conform nicely to your feet, and are very comfortable. got some nice compliments on them on the course.I saw them at golf Galaxy for $99-....bought them online from Amazon for $59-.....GREAT!
B008QY1N9O feels great Wore these time after time , nice fit and looks good . If you need a pair of golf shoes look no further.
B008QY1N9O Nice Feels good on my feet. Nice looking. fits well. I have very bad feet and they feel good on my feet.
B008QY1X0S This product is very nice, I am very happy for buying in amazon. Its excellent.This product is very nice. Puma Mens sport golf shoes are confortable and its Price is cheap. Thanks you.
B008QY1X0S Nice Shoe Got these for my son, but haven't been on the course with them yet however he likes the fit, style and comfort.
B008QY1X0S Nice Just what I ordered, not too big not too small now my golf game is awsome I don't fall like a old man in the t box
B008QY1X0S Comfortable, nice fit When I first got these, they seemed a tad tight in the toes.  After playing a round, they loosed up nicely and fit at the exact size.
B008QY1X0S nice shoes for a great price Really comfortable and fit is nice.  They don't sit up to high and look really nice.  Best golfing shoes I've owned
B008R9Y0V6 nice Very comfortable and nice quality. Even my daughter love it.  I have to share this pair of shoes with her.
B008R9Y0V6 perfect Love them!  the size fits perfect!  the look so nice on me because I'm little and they make me taller ! Looks just like the pictures!
B008RAGKBS stylish and some what comfortable..... The look really nice.  I am a gray type of person with shoes so the style is right.  I have had pumas before and know my arches and the flat style don't agree all the time.  Will be using insoles with these for workouts.
B008RAGKBS Very nice This was my first training shoes and it fit very nice and it is so soft for running, very recommended.
B008RAGKBS Nice shoe Its a nice shoe and for the price I couldnt pass it up.I would recommend them to anyone looking for a nice cheap shoe.
B008RAGKBS Looks sharp and very comfy Fits as expected and nice design.  Would buy another pair in a different color for the same price.  Made really well.
B008RAZL0Y Puma and BMW, great. BMW wear by Puma wears nice and seems to me to be very durable.Let's see if is that true.
B008RLUZ5O Comfortable and Nice Love the color and the fit.  Very comfortable shoes, looks good with either pants or shorts. I wear them almost everyday.
B008UR9BKK This shirt looks nice and feels comfortable. Great quality was put into the making of this shirt. Looks and fits very nicely. I totally recommend this shirt to all men.
B008VQ01M2 Nice shoe Perfect.  Looks nice, and they are comfortable.  Bought half size bigger.Most Pumas are nice.I would recommed this product.
B008VQ01M2 Nice shoes.. Very nice shoes, liked them,  I didnt find any mini cooper puma shoes elsewhere, excellent quality,  very fast shipping, and excellent price, will buy again!
B008VQO9AC nice shoes These are nice but definitely get a half size bigger than you normally wear. They are tight on my feet.
B008VQOGQ4 Excelent Fit! I bought this for my wife, they fit excellent, the build quality seems very nice, and the mini cooper logo is a nice detail that i didn't noticed at first.
B008VQOGQ4 &uuml;bercool love the shoes, the colour is beautiful and they fit sublime.got a lot of nice compliments about them,that's what you buy them for, right?
B008VT3A54 Nice look! It is a good pair of shoes. They look solid but comfortable. The color combination is great. I hope the sole is long lasting.
B008VV1KZE Nice shoe for those that don't want laces My daughter is 6 and I got these for her for camp so she wouldn't have to worry about laces. They are holding up well. I would but them again.
B00904HPDM perfect gift My gyrlfriend love it, its a really nice present for her!!, looks pretty with itI recomended 100% or if you will gift it it a good choice
B0093ZTNRY Nice tee It is a little expensive because it is just a tee but it looks good and fit perfect I really like it
B0097YHQ16 Nice casual shoe Really nice colours and style I think it does run a little tight I ordered my usual size and it fits but it's a little on the snug side hopefully they stretch!
B0098IBSTM I love it I'm very happy with this shoes it's so comfortable and the colors is so nice I like it and I will take another one but different types
B0098ICQPM mis-shaped after a few months The shoes have nice color and good price. However, didn't live as much as I expected. It became mis-shaped very quickly.
B009CNN0I0 Nice looking but very large in the waist I bought these for my son. The length was fine, but there was no drawstring and they were too big in the waist for him to wear.
B009EJ7592 Nice Only disappointment was that I thought it was a hoodie pullover  but had a zip . My son was still happy about it but not what I ordered
B009FD25EC puma shoes found this shoe design very nice and unique.it is very light . for the price that i paid,it is a good buy.
B009FD2LM8 Very nice but the foot does not come easily Very nice but the foot does not come easily, shame they are not like the lady below are fabric and not leather.
B009FD2LM8 Nice shoes. Great quality and looks. Very pleased with the purchase and looking into buying more products from this brand. Comfortable and sleek.
B009FD2LM8 nice all around shoe This is the first pair of tennis shoes my husband has owned in years.  They are a nice, clean looking lined shoe.  He says they are comfy and really likes them.
B009FD2LM8 Very nice I ususally wear a 10 and I heard that Pumas run a little small so I gambled and ordered a 10.5.  The gamble paid off!  Very nice, very comfortable.  I am not using it as a running shoe yet but as for a daily shoe its good to go.
B009FD2LM8 jamay Because they're all of them are really nice fit and beautify nice fit and nice colors nice stuff for you
B009FDR416 Cheap Material and labor Don't waste your money for this shoe. Design looks nice but all other things are worse . I just returned.
B009FEBLPK Nice comfortable shoes Very thin and comfortable.  Not for gravel though. The soles are thin and flexible, so you feel the gravel under your feet. Very nice shoes overall.
B009FM5NTM nice shoe i get complements on them and ppl ask to see them a little closer because i wear them with jeans alot
B009FM6GKM They are nice My son loved these shoes and they do look pretty cool. True to size and he says they fit comfortably.
B009FM6GKM olive night, nice color. the olive night is a great colorall my friend are asking me why did not you order one for us,but they did not gave me their cerdit card.It's nice I will start ordering others very soon.
B009FMR6D8 very nice Came fast and in the puma bag .. boxed very nice .. giving this to my boyfriend as a birthday gift I know he's gonna love them :)
B009FMRLQU Amazing It's even better than I expected. Nice color that stands  for a long time. very comfortable for use and also nice price
B009FMSK1A great they are ver cool! they fit perfectly and the quality is very very good! nice shop, like it a lot:)
B009FN614C In love I bought it for $30 US.It ran a little small maybe because of the wedge. But it's so stylish and really really comfortable. The pink is a bit bright though but it's really nice and  worth the price. I am definitely buying the other colors.
B009FN614C Puma sporting VERY NICE  LOVE THE WAY IT FIT AND LOOK  IT GOES NICE WIT MY OUTFIT so many PEOPLE LIKE THEM
B009FN614C A bit small I like it is selling small. Wear good looking, but also in a very cost-effective discount when buying.Color which looks like an old, very nice to wear in spring
B009FN614C Super it is very very soft and comfortable. very nice on the foot. very soft and comfortable. very nice on the leg. the quality is excellent. Size 8 = 25.5 cm
B009FN614C Nice! These sneakers are very nice and true to size. It gives me a sexy woman feel when I am dressed down in my jeans.
B009FN614C Super nice and comfy Every time I wear these people stop me in the street to say how cool they are. Glad I got them!!
B009FN614C nice nice Nice toeverybody likes them they arrived very fast
B009FN614C Nice pair of sneakers I always wanted a brand name pair of wedge sneakers, but could not afford them. When I saw these for $ 46.00 I had to get them. When I received them and took them out of the box, I could not stop grinning. And when I tried them on, I got a little closer to heaven. They are very comfortable. I receive lots of compliments when I wear them. Nice, nice, nice.
B009FNMVBY They were very nice. It was as I expected and also more confortable. They fit me very well and I'd like them very much. Thank you!
B009FNNFC8 Great I think this is niice style and price, really comfortable and nice looking, no complains at all !!! Thank You Puma !!!
B009G1T5YG Nice looking not comfy. Well the shoes r very stylish but the quality of the she was lacking. When I walk the bend funny & wrinkle up on the side. My feet hurt after only a little while walking in them. The look is right but not the comfort.
B009G1T5YG nice pair of shoes I bought this product for my wife. she is Asian and she need small size. However she feels quite comfortable and they are right fit. Thanks
B009G1T5YG Nice looking....not what I expected. Nice color, good looking shoe. Fits tighter than I was expecting, a bit snug in the toe area. Also, it pinches the heel when you walk. I hope this improves with wear.
B009G1T5YG pumas nice shoes They are very comfortable.  At first I thought they were going to squeeze my toe but I was pleasantly surprised after a few days they fit like a glove
B009G1T5YG Amazing color! Cause its a Nice shoes!I love it!!!!!!!The color is beutifil!!!!!!Very Nice color and confortable!!!!!!!!!!Tnis lindo , colorido e confort&aacute;vel!
B009G1U2XE NICE! Love these shoes!!! True to fit, stylish and not heavy feeling on my feet. I think that I have been converted to being a Puma wearer from now in!
B009G1U2XE Nice Kicks Bought these as a Christmas gift and they were as attractive in person as they were online. Love the bright colors and the classic Puma style. The fit was true to size.
B009GZS6OW Unique color, great style! Ordered these shoes for my husband. I love the olive color. Goes well with beige, browns and blues. A nice change from old boring black sneakers. The quality is 5* and the price was right. Very happy with these.
B009KSDDUM Great!! Got this for my youngest. The shoe seems indestructible. She is very rough on shoes and these still look brand new after 6 months of daily use. I am very pleased with them. So good looking too, she gets lots of compliments on how nice they look.
B009KUEOFS Really nice shoes i buoth it for my gorl She looks awesome when sheis using puma shoesI will buy this shoes againFor my other girlThank you
B009KUEOFS Nice shoes this are great shoes my little baby likes them alot. they fit her perfectly and the colors are really nice.
B009KVFGJK Surprisingly, ran big Puma is usually right on for my kids, but these ran big.  I was really surprised.  Nice, though; too bad they didn't fit.
B009LAD1XI Fits fine Nice comfortable fit for a t shirt. The cotton is not cheap like other brands. Will continue to buy Puma gear.
B009LAD1XI Nice comfortable fit for a t shirt Very good quality as usual for Puma, fits perfect and is very comfortable to use. Probably buy the same in other design and color.
B009LAU910 Sweet! So nice.  Fits great.  The bright white stripe looks great against the deep navy blue and the emblems all on the same side is a nice touch.  I love it.
B009LAW850 Nice I like motor sport, I like puma, and I like this polo shirt.Nice price, nice style, bought in nice time.
B009LB9P5K Really nice, but a problem I really like the Puma short I bought except there's no pockets except an inside pouch which isn't adequate.  That's too bad because I like the quality and everything else except that.
B009LBB02Q A nice pair of shorts for my morning workout A nice pair of shorts for my morning workout.  Fits as expected.  If you're taller, like me, you'll appreciate the extra length.  I only wish it had built-in liner, but paired with your favorite athletic supporter, you're good to go.
B009MNYG1U VERY COOL AND NICE I LIKE IT, ITS  VERY NICE AND QUALITY TOO. I LIKE THE COLOUR AS WELL. THE SIZE TOO FITS WELL.
B009MNYG1U awesome shoe nice fit and cool look
B009MNYG1U Excellent So comfortable, really nice, the color is better than the color u see in the photo, nice nice, happy with my buy
B009MNYG1U Nice kicks They fit quite well, they're stylish, and I am so excited that they came in my size (14). I'll buy them again once mine wear out.
B009MNYG1U Yah Boy ! Cop These ! Great product, nice packaging, super fast delivery, would buy again.
B009MNYG1U Too small Runs small hurt my feet,was not what I  wanted at all,was really let down !  I am really surprised because the picture was so nice .
B009MNYG1U yes! Fits just like all the other roma's. Lime color is a little lighter but they are very nice with a pair of black true religions. 1 day shipping had me excited and right when I put them on I got offered a job. My lucky shoes now
B009SCY9AI Smaller than expected. Too low. I don't wear these shoes much at all. They're so low they're practically a slipper and the fit is smaller than normal for Puma so my feet were a bit jammed up for the first week I broke them in. Otherwise, they look nice. They're just not nearly as nice as my old zippered Pumas from Costa Rica that I cannot find anywhere.
B009SDR9HC Perfect sleek, casual shoes I love the sleek fit. I have long (yes, big old size 10) skinny feet and these r nice and snug on the sides; they fit me perfect. I got the tan w/yellow accents and the suede material is very nice. The soles r thin, so if u need lots if arch support these might b for u. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for sleek, comfy sneakers.
B009STNEF2 Nice! I love PUMA shoes.  They do not have very much support so you may need to purchase an insert.  They are comfortable to me.
B009STNEF2 Light weight and broke in very nice. I wear these for running/lifting/indoor volleyball. Work for me in all categories. I have found other pumas that tend to breathe better than these but still a very nice shoe.
B009STNEF2 Kosher Nice shoe for the price only negative I have is the toe is a little pointy. Didn't really appear that way from the pics.
B009STNEF2 excellent The white is nice but I love the green more because it is a class of color at all times so I will go the green
B009STNEF2 nice I have to fill in the space with more words but all I want to say is... They are niiiiiiiiice.
B009STNEF2 Nice shoes Looks great, feels good. The only issues I have are the flimsy shoelaces and the heel, which is a little shallow causing my foot to slip just a bit.
B009STNEF2 Shoe for any occasion. Great fit. Nice bounce in the step. Good for for sports and party. You cannot go wrong in buying this.
B009SU4SF6 Puma shoes I did not expected so nice shoes from puma, but they are really nice and material is perfect, they fit good and i would recommend to all friends...
B009SWX7TW Nice and comfortable I saw these shoes once in a store and love their look, didn't buy them that time but a week ago decided to get them through amazon. I tried them immediately once received, nice look and perfect fit. Love the upper material, it feels soft, comfortable, lightweigh and very cool looking.
B009WXD1K2 Sporty and Nice looking.. For those who enjoy outdoors and sports this is a winners,even with a pair of shorts still will look good.
B009XFYR0C Nice quality This shirt is really nice quality and fits great. My son is five years old (46 inches tall, 43 pounds) and we ordered a size 6.  The only complaint I have is that the tag was stuck to the puma on the front when we received the shirt; therefore, a small piece peeled off. Not a fault in the shirt - but it was worth noting.  I am hoping it holds up through washings.
B009XFYR0C nice my son it fit him well and the colour is nice i think i will be getting some more in the furture
B009XG16PK Looks great...washes well...& was a GREAT DEAL on sale!! This PUMA, was purchased on sale weeks ago! ...made my teenager, a happy camper! It fits true to size, washed nicely & looks great on him! (~which makes HIM happiest! )  Shirt's really nice colors, too, I must say! Was nice to be able to pay less for a Boys XL, rather than more money, for a men's small or medium!  It's nice when we can do that w/ certain clothing, for our, &#34;teens,&#34; who are in between sizes!
B009XG1Z56 Nice puma shorts This shorts are really comfy. When I ordered them. They are an add-item. it's only 6$. Really cheap and so nice.
B009XJ8SPI Puma Pants Not true to color. Nice fit, material stains easily and does not wash well. Comfortable for active toddler.  Would not purchase again
B009ZRIJ0C Nice shoes I like those sneakers. I think they are really cool. I wear them all the time. I would highly recommend them.
B00A0HDGAO Great quality for a great price Very nice pair of soccer shoes , fit was perfect, colors are nice and most important my 5yr old loved it!
B00A0HDGAO Look great, but too small The shoes look really nice, our son really liked them. However they were too small.  I will be returning them.
B00A3SOM8U Nice to wear @ the gym True to fit, very good looking and comfortable,  it is the ideal t-shirt to use at the gym. Dry fit and the design provides a very favorable figure.
B00AAZPJ4M Great, but long These shorts are nice looking and seem to be high quality.  They are very long--to the bottom of my son's knees.  Expect this unless you are very long-legged.
B00AEUQEBU GREAT SHIRT Shirt was very nice and fit as expected. The shirt seems to be made well and material is comfortable to wear.
B00AFPN4NA nice Puma this costume is very nice good quality made i wish only they make for 2 years and older, babies grow too fast out of this nice pumas costume..
B00AKDL8K8 Good quality, awkward style Didn't love the tapered bottom to the pants and the overall fit for fitness pants. The material is a nice polyester fabric, but the design or fit of the pant felt like there was something missing.
B00AKDLEKC perfect fit It is a perfect fit, nice cut, very comfortable and fashionable for around the house and outside, nice color and materials.
B00AKDLPXS Nice! This shirt was slightly smaller than what I had expected it to be, however is exactly what I was looking for in a shirt and wear it out a lot when I go running.  Thin material, breathes great.  I love it!
B00AKQHJ5I Men's shorts These shorts are nice and fabric quality is nice. The fit is adequate and price seems a little high, but overall these are a good pair of hang out or workout shorts.
B00AKQHMVO great shirt, shipped fast, nice quality This is a very nice product, it is the actual team jersey for the Ferrari F1 team. It is nice quality and it was shipped quickly.
B00AKQHNT0 Nice Jacket! I purchased this jacket for my husbands Birthday. He loves it! I wanted to get him a ferrari jacket but shipping from the Formula 1 website would take too long as it was overseas (not to mention the price for the same jacket was cheaper on Amazon.) This is a very lightweight jacket, much lighter than I expected, but that is exactly what my husband needed. Its just enough when you need a little something. The material is very nice and the product seems well made. The fit is outstanding. It is fitted like it were tailored. If you want it to be baggy, order one size larger. I would recommend this jacket to others that might be interested.
B00AKQHPGG nice shirt! I love this shirt.  its light and fresh and the size is precise! And you really get what you paid for
B00AKQHWQ4 Great Puma Short... !!! The short is great... Nice fit... Nice colors... It has pockets... The fabric doesn't look cheap... The short is exactly as shown in the product picture... It's a PUMA.
B00AKSY3RS Nice Material, Color, Quallity  But this fit a little big large for a Medium Size. Nice quality, and material. I order a Midium size but for me looks and fits a little big long. But I can order another one.
B00AKSY4YU Great jacket It is a nice light jacket.  Not something I would count on for a really cold day, but great for mild/cool temps.
B00AKUCU7G Nice Jacket with reasonable price Very nice Jacket. Fits perfectly in my body. I like the small Puma logo on the Jacket, which I prefer over big one.
B00AKUCU7G Nice jacket Very Nice design And colors, it fits somewhat large in 2xl more than expected, very confortable jacket.I want another one in black color, but size xl :)
B00AOAQAJG nice but so simple they are nice but  they are so simple in design and material that was made out... they do not cost more than 40.00... sorry but you asked me for may opinion
B00AOCAP9A Cute A nice, light shoe with good ventilation.  It runs a little small, but the width seems true.  Great colors. nice.
B00AOCCXJU biowebs great fit. comfy. nice blue, not too loud. low on the ankle and inside is nice and soft and has great support.
B00AOCE7IA Nice shoe Knowing that Puma can sometimes fun small. I was pleasantly surprised to find they fit as expected and were very comfortable to walk in.
B00AOCE7IA Comfy casual shoe Very nice comfy casual sneaker. Much better quality compared to soleil model. All leather upper is very nice and excellent support with slim profile.
B00AOD2OQ6 Nice shoes. Nice shoes. Comfortable. Great design. I like the color combination. They fit just a little bit large but not too much.
B00AOD2OQ6 Very nice Fit as expected. Nice sneakers. I can't say anything about quality, cause i've already bought it. puma products not bad.
B00AOD3U8W Satisfied Came quick nice shoe.
B00AOD8YMO Nice for the price. I liked this shoe for the look (yes, I bought the green). The only problem I had with it was the lack of support in the insole. Once those were replaced the shoe is very nice.
B00AODTEZA very comfortable It is an excellent shoes. When you wear it, it feels very good. It can buffer the impact from the round to your foot when you are jogging.Besides, nice color and nice design.
B00AODVKJI Nice shoes Stiff at first but once broke in they are a very nice shoe and very ventilated.Recommend to use run in these on a chilly day, very cold.
B00AODVKJI I like it! It was love at the first time. Are very confortable and look nice if buy it yuo'll never be regreted, it's a good experience to use it
B00AODVKJI nice find 10 and a halves are the only size that were 33 bucks, all other sizes 43. they fit great and are super nice for the price
B00AODWHCC Will buy them again Nice sneakers very comfortable I've got a nephew that has pumas that's all he buys I wore them once I was hooked.
B00AOE059S Fit nice and look great! Light and flex able - by far my favorite cross training shoes!
B00AOE059S awesome Awesome shoes would definitely by again.  Bought another color straight from puma and paid about 5 dollars more.  Nice product
B00AOE059S Nice Very good fantastic those are something I need.and this shoe perfect for jogging in estera removes all impact the knees ...
B00AOMTYRO Very Very nice Puma Nice color,this fits very well if you use this size please I recommend you to order and you will like it very much.
B00AOMUBGC comfortable these shoes are so comfortable and they also have a nice look to them, I enjoy walking around in them, I like how they are so comfortable on your heels and have a nice Ferrari shoe look without the added tightness that other Ferrari shoes have.
B00AOMYC2Q Nice packaging and price! The shoes came right on time and it had everything in order. I found the shoes to be nice and well packaged in the puma logo, and I love the feel of the shoes though sadly they are a bit snug, but nothing a little wear can't fix.
B00AOMYC2Q Very snug fit Nice looking shoe but very snug fit. A bit too snug.
B00AOMZH1Q nice and fashionable The only thing I would recommend getting it half size bigger.apart from that it's great. It looks better in real life than in the picture. they're really light weight but seem like they're made with durable material.
B00AONURJ2 Very nice shoe for Summer Nice Summer sneaker. Good quality. However, my son is not wearing it yet as it run a bit big. So next year probably more news on the fit and comfort.
B00AONV78W It's good They are nice I only use them for Sim Racing but I could see the size being a problem for everyday use.
B00AONVA52 Poor quality At this price, the quality and finish are poorFrom the pictures, it looks very nice but in reality it downvery weak
B00AONVA52 nice product it seems to be slightly more narrow than some of the other PUMA shoes we have purchased but is workable due to the elastic stays.  It looks very nice and is much less casual that the shoes my husband like to wear.  A good option for comfort and style.
B00AONVA52 These snickers aren't made for walking these are extremely good looking snickers they are really nice but they are kind of uncomfortable and after spent some time using this shoes I felt a pain in my foots
B00AONVF8Y happy with my purchase... Nice pair of sneakers, they fit me perfectly fine. I could not ask for more definitely... Thank you guys :)
B00AONVVMO Nice and Good quality Color and Material looks really nice I am size 9, but the shoes are too streech. If you will order, order a number more,. Nice material, I can order another more.
B00AONW5CO Nice shoes, fit like a glove I was looking for a nice new casual sneak and found these on Amazon. I ordered my usual size and they fit like a glove. The shoes were packaged very nicely and the suede and glossy black textures and offset laces really make for an attractive sneaker. I am thinking about buying a couple more pairs in different colors as they are a great value for the money.
B00AONW9JS awesome shoes! Looks nice, fits really well, and light! Love it! It looks good on me the second i held it in my hands.
B00AONW9JS nice The shoes look really good, only issue is that they're a bit tight for an 11 which is what I usually wear
B00AONW9JS comfortable and durable Quite tight at first which is expected for the particular style but it will conform to your feet after a few wears. It's  body is made of leather, so you will get a nice snug fit.
B00AONW9JS Nice shoes I like those shoes. They fit really well and they look really nice too. I recommend it to any one
B00AOOH730 Excellent Puma Sneakers My boyfriend love his new puma sneakers. Good price!!! Very nice. I will buy again. Fit nice, Excellent Birthday gift.
B00AOOH730 Overall very nice shoes. Slightly narrow design.  Overall very nice shoes.
B00AOOH730 yes! really nice shoes I use them every day! :D
B00AOOH730 Can't beat classic Puma Suede sneakers These are a nice option for casual wear. They fit well and have a classic look. And, they are suede too!
B00AOOH730 Nice Nice, I would have given 5 star, but I was hoping they would have been a little closer to black, still cool though.
B00AOOH730 Comfortable fit! I usually wear a 9 or a 9 1/2 depending on the cut of the shoe and a 9 fit fine. It's a nice show and it felt comfortable right out of the box.
B00AOOK2OG then they fit fine.. nice shoe Order a whole size up..then they fit fine..nice shoe tho
B00AOOK2OG really nice! These shoes are really nice and comfortable!They do run small I usually wear a 10 and had to exchange them for a 10-1/2 but I could have probably wore the 11 just fine.Love them. you cant beat the price.
B00AOOL1SC So nice!!! Mint! I've tried them on and they fit perfect, honestly they're so nice I haven't even worn them yet because I dnt wanna get them dirty.
B00AOOZP3Y Nice shoes but fit ran really large I wore these once and found that they didn't fit as a normal 11 US does.  Try them on first.
B00AOQ3EO4 Nice cleats My daughter says these are very comfortable.  She wears a size 7, and we ordered a 7 1/2 and they fit perfect.  They are extremely light.  I will update after the season with durability.
B00AQ1HX1C super shirt! Super nice shirt!!! Feels incredible!!! Looks and fits like a champ! Happy customer! Will definitely be buying more of these awesome feeling t shirts. Shipping was fast. Just what i expected and more!!! Thanks, Lance.
B00AQ1HX1C Awesome Shirt The shirt is really comfortable and is really high quality. I'd recommend it to anybody looking for a nice t-shirt.
B00AQ1HX1C Nice Shirt This is a nice shirt. It didn't shrink at all when i washed it. I listened to another reviewer and ordered a size up. I would say it's true to size though.
B00AWXMN6O Nice quality My son wears this shirt at least once every 5 days, it washes up nice and ad no problems with shrinking or the shirt fading with washing all the time .
B00AWXMN6O Fits like picture.  Nice soft cotton. High quality material. Perfect fit around biceps, small logo adds flare. I have to keep typing until I use up
B00AWXSA4I Just what she wanted. After searching for black/red, I found this one on Amazon. The quality is very nice . It is soft and thick.....very warm, and fits perfectly.
B00AWZLPKM hubby loves it! really nice warm up jacket!  color is suberb!  great for car freaks!  fits good too and came quickly! get for your car man!
B00AWZLPKM Very nice I got it for very cheap price, and since I love Puma brand , when I saw it i decide i will buy it right a way. Very nice, fit perfect.
B00AWZW11Y Good quality and fit No size guide from Amazon (no surprise, their biggest weakness). I am usually size S (American), but based on Puma size chart, and after checking with other sellers (not from amazon) where I was advised to size up as cut is smaller. So I bought M crossing my fingers. Luckily it fitted just nice, with enough space underneath to throw on a sweater. Feels warm. Nice white, what I wanted. Best of all was the price I got the jacket for at amazon. 4 star due to the stress I have to take in guessing my fit! It would have been a real hassle fo me to have to return the jacket as I live outside U.S.
B00AY65V1I Nice trail shoe I bought these shoes a few weeks ago. I went with a 10.5 as I normally wear and they are a little tight when I first put them on. After I move around in them they feel good. These shoes have a nice deep tread and are good for running on loose gravel and have a lot of bit. So far I am happy with them.
B00AY6NZDE Look great, feel good I like these shoes, they look nice.  They came with the fat gray laces and some white laces, I opted to use the white for now.
B00AY6NZDE nice shose I like it it is comfortable and simple all my friends ask about it it is amazing shoes  i think to have another one with other color
B00AY6NZDE What a bargain! Just what I was looking for. Nice, roomy toe box. They came with two pairs of laces; one grey and one black. Great price!
B00AYBQL4Y Nice My 5 yr old daughter is not into dresses and skirts so she really likes this outfit. As far as quality, we've only washed the outfit so far, so time will tell.
B00AYBQL4Y PUMA It's very nice set. I got it for a gift for 2 years old. I got size 3T and it fits very nice. I would recommend it to anyone
B00B1E4QSQ Nice Nice and fit perfectly. True to its size. Will recommend to anyone. I want to buy again with different color
B00B1E4QSQ Confortable and nice shoes! These shoes are as nice and confortable as I expected. Colors are exactly as they look on the pictures. Perfect for walking, working out at the gym or running.
B00B1E5NU6 PUMA is the bomb These PUMA shoes are so cool. They fit me just perfectly right and the colors are really nice. Another must have.
B00B1E5NU6 very nice shoes fit well and good quality. shoes appear to be assembled very well. very stylish and hard to find for the price
B00B4S2QUE Nice The colour is pretty and it is just like in the picture. For $28, this is a good shoes. I'm satisfied.
B00B4S5TRG PUMA Bought these for my daughter, she likes them. Says they fit nice, and I like them because they look nice too.
B00B500BLW nice indoor shoe nice shoe my daughter wears a size 13 sneaker mens size 13 Puma indoor soccer shoes fit her very well
B00B5013PK Nice but Nice but get different laces, I doubled knotted and still came loose but shoe looks as pictured and fitted as puma does more narrow. It's a pretty firm shoe so gets some getting used to for new players
B00B502OSA A nice soccer shoe These are nice soccer shoes. Pretty good for wide feet but still run a little tight. They have stretched out enough with wear to be more comfortable though. My six year old boy loves the color. I will be buying another puma shoe next year as well. Made well.
B00B5EDEZI VERY NICE SHOES I HAVENT WORN THEM YET BUT FROM TRYING THEM ON I DON'T THINK YOU WILL BE ABLE TO WEAR THEM WITH A HEAVY SOCK. I LOVE THE COLOR. THEY SEEM TO BE VERY WELL MADE AND I BELIEVE THEY WILL BE DURABLE.
B00B5HUIO0 Very nice shoe! Well made and stylish! Very happy with this purchase! The color is spot on as well. I will buy more in different colors.
B00B5HUIO0 Love these Nice looking shoe my 3 yr old looks them nice color and style for any time of the year great buy
B00B5LHG82 Very nice! This very nice and cute toodler shoe fits very well in my daughter. Good quality, very light and comfortable. She is very happy with that!!!
B00B5W0FHK Nice The shoes were nice but fit kinda small. I should of known puma shoes run narrow, next time I will go up one siz.
B00B5W0FHK Look Adorable on my Grand Daughter Nice fit. Sporty.  They must  be comfortable - she leaves them on. Good value for the money.Easily wiped cleaned.
B00B5W0UUW adorable Adoreable!  Got them for my neice and she looks fabulous in them! Nice quality and fashionable for the lil diva she is.
B00B7LUG00 nice gym shoes I bought it for my son as a Christmas gift. He goes to gym almost every day and he likes the style and comfort.
B00B7LUYFC Nice! Feels great wearing those at the gym! The color makes them so special! Its just been a week since I got them! Delivered as expected!
B00B7LUYFC nice cross trainers I bought these shoes because of the brand and price.they fit nicely and are light weight.they look very stylish in the grisaille color i choose.the shoe has a lite orthopedic insole.when laced up they fit great and our not to tight and very comfortable to wear when doing my workouts.I would recommend this brand to anybody looking for nice and affordable shoe.
B00B7LUYFC Nice! When I first fit them I was dissapointed due are not confortable, but after use it twice it fit perfectly and are nice looking.Nice shoes, however not sure if the are really designed to run. I use them on the gym and for walk and I'm really happy with them.
B00B7LUYFC puma mens NICE and comfortable cross-training shoe, arrived as expected on time, colors are bright and shining. Do recommend the product ok
B00B9P7YUE Nice It's a very cute shirt, looks and feels as expected. It is a better quality fabric as you would expect from Puma, and it runs pretty true to size, if you like a more fitted look I'd go down one though.
B00B9QGE54 Fits Great! Love the nice feel of this shirt, and my son likes how it looks on him. I plan to buy more in the future. Thanks!
B00B9QGEU4 Nice fit and quality Nice colors and quality for the price. My son was very happy with the t-shirt, want other in different colors.
B00B9TNYPY Vrooom Nice heavier material, very good length and they fit just right.  My son was very happy with these shorts and wears them.
B00B9U8VHY A bit tiny... I like them, the case is very nice, too, however, the quality is not that high I expected for...They are much smaller as look on the picture.
B00B9ZDQA6 a very nice and beautiful shoes a very nice and beautiful shoes I love em, they're just a wee bit tight but still they're great, I like em.
B00BAZGA8A Very nice I really liked it , it's very nice.my daughter loves it, and they are very comfy , the my daughter wanted
B00BBATXSS Ginel Nice outfit, sporty, good quality, pants a bit too short for lenght of t-shirt, vibrant colour and fits my 9 year old
B00BEEKPTC nice Can't complain at this price.  Good looking shirt.  It's a gift, so I can't comment on comfort, but it looks nice.
B00BEEOODU love it ove this brand alot all my baby boy sportear from puma and the size is fit and nice color :)
B00BF7GBI2 It's Nice It has a good size and it's so comfortable to carry on. The black and beige combinations are perfect for any clothes you need to use.
B00C5UNM0I Perfect Fits nice no complains over the puma suede and the color id also beautyfull its like shinning stars in the sky
B00C5UOFS6 Nice sneaker Very nice looking sneakers - even though they are orange and not yellow like the picuture.Ok for running - but not great..very good price
B00C5UOVBC Great shoe, very light and the look nice. My only gripe that they they're somewhat snug width wise. Hopefully over time they will loosen up a bit. Other than that they are light and springy.
B00C5UOVBC nice shoes my son needed a pair of shoes that were 80% white for a job.  We have bought pumas before and thought they were solid shoes.  these were nice and lightweight for constant walking and standing for long periods of time.  nice shoes.
B00C5UOVBC Great shoes This is the first pair of Puma shoes I've ever owned. I can't believe how well they fit my feet and they are very comfortable. I've been out walking in them several times since receiving them and can't believe how many nice compliments I've gotten about how nice they look. I will buy Puma products again.
B00C699NTC Nice look, comfortable, good fit. I liked the look of these shoes and was not in the least disappointed. They're comfortable and fit very well.
B00C699NTC nice shoes Fit nicely, they are very light and comfortable to wear around all day.  I would buy these again as they are more comfortable then most of the sneakers I have.
B00C6AH8J8 very good for my foot size is 10.5 of these since I'm 44 I miss you a little more but I get well very nice shoes
B00C6AH8J8 Product is as expected They look great just like in the photo, puma shoes are nice and affordable glad i made this purchase size fits comfortably, delivery was quick with free shipping.
B00C6AIR2U Nice My husband has hip problems and drags his feet. With these no-heel shoes he doesn't drag.  He is 79 and can't bend down to tie, so I have to buy the Velcro. He says they fit like a nice glove.
B00C6BPP10 Nice Nice. But was too big so I'm returning them. Love the color for spring and summer. I wish I could keep them.
B00C6BPP10 Nice kicks... I'm a fan of Puma. This is a great pair. It's very light and easy to travel with and carry with me. Looks sleek and fits nicely and comfortably.
B00C6BTJUS Nice These are nice looking and very comfortable shoes. Good for casual and business casual. Sort of a cross between a sneaker and a shoe.
B00C6BTJUS Snug fit but that's Puma's Puma's have always fit snug and I almost forgot. I wear 8.5 but got 9 and they fit Snug. Couple of wears should break them in. Look is nice with jeans and the casual look and comfy. Delivery was quick. I like these 4 sure!
B00C6BTJUS jackie in chicago Nice looking casual pair of shoes seem to  be of good quality.The fit is just right I have no complaints.
B00C6BUJDY nice & comfortable Seller is helpful when I asked to ship me a smaller size.  I wore this pair of shoes for a whole day, it is very comfy & look nice with my black leggings.
B00C6EW87G Thanks Very nice and excellent product. Comfortable, and easy. This is the second shoes that I bought the first of my sister.
B00C6EW87G sharp looking shoes The tennis shoes are very nice.  The material is very good quality.  The color is a very pretty gray. I love pumas!
B00C6EW87G Good luking shoes nice shoes.. just lil tight, ordering one size bigger than wat u wear wud have been better.... overall nice pair
B00C70PMOU Nice looking jacket My son is super picky about his clothes so I was a little anxious about his reaction. However, when it arrived, my son loved it. It looks good on him, fits true to size (maybe with a little room to grow) and it appears to be of great quality. I'm really happy I went ahead with this purchase.
B00C70SL3E 8 year old, size Small fits perfectly! nice material, nice fit!
B00C72I5K6 Great looking; a little roomy Shorts look great. A little on the large side. Fabric is nice and color combo is cool. Seems to be decent quality.
B00C7L2S0U nice jacket for air conditioned rooms To put things in context, my 3 year 3 months old girl who is around 40inches tall, waist ard 20inchs. Compared to her peers she is average build.The jacket fits my girl just nice now. I bought this jacket expecting some more mileage but I suspect that might be difficult if she enters a growth spurt. That said, it's a nice comfy jacket and my girl loves the hoods and pockets.Great buy at the price.
B00C7MVJEU very nice and warm My daughter is happy to wear it.  She feels warm and it fits nicely.  It dries quickly.  I use it when she is out of the pool.
B00C7OJJIG Real nice material and style My daughter is real happy with this. Very comfortable and it is very soft with the material nice to have
B00C7OJMBU Cool shirt Nice everyday shirt. Liked the design and fit.I intentionally gotten the bigger size 3T and I'm glad I did.My daughter is turning 2 but this fits her comfortably just longer sleeve but not an issue.
B00C7OJMBU I'll recommend it 100% Looks nice. Easy care. Good quality. I like it on my daughter very much. 100% cotton. Nice colors. I recommend it.
B00C7VHPY4 Snug It's nice to fit into something that is so comfortable. What a great gift this was. And on sale too!
B00CAJR2NW love it very nice and comfy and also very light was impressed ... definitely going to get more of the same brand.
B00CAJUT96 wow good for hike i like them i really like these shoes they are super cool comfortable and fit well i was afraid about the color but it looks amazing and nice
B00CAK4PVI Very nice, fit as expect Very nice , fit as expect, my son love it!!
B00CAKANUA Very sharp These shoes are very nice and I get compliments every where that I go! They get dirty very easy and are not good to where in wet conditions! I would recommend them to everyone!
B00CEYPKHI Cute but... Nice but the color isnt a soft green like in the picture, but more of a highlighted green. Very flashly. Not what i expected.
B00CLTXJ74 Nice like all Puma It fits nice, beautiful and comfortable, i recommend this item. I love Puma for gym, relax and yoga. Good one!
B00CLUM9VK nice I like it lot thanks amazon.the color is beautiful the quality es good i wan see more choose at puma color yellow
B00CM3EBKI gorgeous I ordered this for my 9 year old daughter. She is size 10-12 AND THIS FITTED HER WELL!!! NICE QUALITY!
B00CM3EH3Y for a sporty look. material was more lighter than expected, but nice athletic look.  my granddaughter takes gymnastics and she liked it. I wish it was a little heavier for cooler weather.
B00CN5B73O NICE SET sET IS VERY nice. quality good, fits well. my girl likes it.top and pants match same size and if you have toher cloth from puma you can mix and match
B00CN5B73O Nice The pants are too short for my daughter, but the hoodie fits ideally. I have to buy a larger pants.
B00CN5BRSE EXCELLENT PRODUCT IT IS A VERY NICE SET.FABRIC'S QUALITY IS SUPERB AND IT FITS AS YOU WOULD EXPECT.COLORS ARE JUST LIKE IN THE PICTURE.
B00CN5BWTI Bright & Bold This outfit is warm, comfortable and nice quality. Sd got several compliments on this outfit. It fit true to size.
B00CQG7DRO Really nice set! It was a little big but my son will grow into it in no time. This set is good quality fabric and looks comfortable.
B00CVIGZ44 Nice shoes My wife is really happy,the shoes are nice and they fit good,I highly recommend and the price is low ,I like so much the color
B00D9M3CFQ Nice I really like this shirt, fits great, the design is also very nice, puma and ferrari great partnership. Puma keep making nice stuff.
B00DDE5VZY Nice Nice and as expected. My son  five and half year old was surprised and he wore out the first day and was very happy with it
B00DDE5VZY Very nice PerfectThe suit was very nice and the colour was just what I wanted also warm jacket with cap..the pants were nice
B00DF7I6K6 Nice materials, nice feel This windbreaker fits as expected from merchandising holding de BMW brand. Quality of materials is excellent. I would recommend this product anytime.
B00DF7I6K6 Very Nice color and quality Very Nice color and quality. For the price I pay, I'm very happy. And it's from BMW motorsport, really nice
B00DKMWOW2 nice! Very nice quality!!  Wish there were matching track pants or yoga pants to go with this.  The logo is cute without being TOO flashy.
B00DNNOCQE Nice look Never had these before they are getting more  comfortable the more I wear them. Everyone comments on how much they like the look of my Pumas.
B00DNNOCQE Nice and as Pictured I got this as a present for Father's Day and fit perfect.  I would recommend these shoes and glad I got and on time.
B00DNO0QRC Nice classic styling. Good fit, I should have ordered a size 10 with the previous pair of Pumas .I'm satisfied.A light blue color would be nice.
B00DOE8S9O Great Model Nice Shoes i love it :( sorry for review later because in my country have problems for receive the products from USA but nice SHOES RECOMMEND!!
B00DOEFG4Y Cool & casual These look great with a pair of nice jeans for that casual, cool look. I like to keep them looking new, so I don't wear mine in rain or snow.
B00DOG1Q96 Nice Pair Although it was somewhat small I still love these pair of shoes. I wear hyper-thin socks and it works. They are light and look nice.
B00DOG1Q96 EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED Bought this shoes as a gift. It came exactly as displayed in the photo. Looks amazing. Very nice mens shoe. A must have for all guys. Arrived on time. Excellent
B00DOG2KMS nice sandal fits as expected. item can as  described on the site. colour is a bit flashy. overall, I love the sandal.
B00DOG4R2Y Very nice shoes Very nice pair of shoes i love it the perfect gift for my hubby he love it they look great
B00DOG4R2Y Nice nice shoes,a little narrow. But for my relatives. He said it is beautiful. I didn't see it in person. Good
B00DOJOGTU Amazing design and confort The design of these shoes are really great. The build quality seems pretty nice as well as the confort.
B00DOJQ0D0 it very nice. i bought what i choose it very nice . i bought what i choose. as the same on the picture. i recommend buying
B00DOPGO3U Very nice This Jacket is very nice for boys.., i like it soo much.., veru good very good okokokok
B00DQNT00E Nice sweat pants for active boy It fits well, it's well made and the fabric is of a high quality.The size is exactly right for size 6.
B00DRIZGA6 Leaping Puma t-shirt This is a good looking stylish Puma logo t-shirt, with the cat leaping across the shirt above not-too-gigantic lettering.  It comes in so many nice color combos it was hard deciding on just one, but I thought the medium grey with black cat was really sharp looking for my husband.  Nice cool cotton blend (78% cotton, 22% poly) in medium weight for summer.
B00DRIZGA6 Bingo Fit loose nice and cool love it it is been recommended nice color nice material flow real well try to like it
B00DRIZGA6 Nice great color! Fits well.
B00DROVK6E very nice It is like it is described... I ask for xxx-l but it is a somewhat smallThat is all.Regards
B00DS5M40I Nice shirt Fits just like I expected. My daughter loves the shirt and wears it a lot. Puma fits smaller than other brands so I had ordered a larger size than I normally do.
B00DS5M40I Kali This shirt gives a very flattering look to my daughter.  She wears a size 5/6 good but a 7/8 is ok mb somewhat loose. HOwever, this shirt runs small.  So if you want a loose 5/6 buy 7/8.  The colors on this shirt work so nice together.I would totally recommend this shirt but remember to buy a size up.
B00DS5M8FO nice shirt, but sizing is small very nice, pretty shirt.  Bought x-large for our 12 year old, but it fits our 8 year old better...would be a 5 star if not for being way off in size.
B00DTX8UR0 Nice shoe, kid loves them. Green color is incorrect in photo. My kid loves these shoes. They run a bit narrow (just like the bigger Pumas). The color on this Amazon page is not correct. I was hoping the green would be that seafoam / teal color.. but the green is more of a primary green with black shoe. Still nice, but not what I expected.
B00DU0P368 Nice shoes Great shoes.  7 fit is accurate.  She loves wearing.  Good quality for price.  They are very sparkley which does not really show in photos.
B00DUTBRQO Nice Track Suit This is pretty cute. It was reasonably priced, sized perfectly, arrived as expected. I would recommend this suit. It really is pretty cool!
B00DUU4T0E nice sweatshirt This was a very nice sweatshirt, the fit is great, colors are very cool, Puma is a great brand - sporty!
B00DYRQD7U nice jacket really nice. like the colors together. light weight but warm for my granddaughter to play in. Only con is it doesn't have a hood.
B00DYXTXJO PUMA I like Puma brand. Jacket is stylish and comfortable. Quality is perfect. Nice color. My son likes the cat on it.
B00DZI21I8 Puma Jacket Very nice jacket! The quality of the jacket is excellent and the fit is absolutely perfect.  I would make this purchase again.
B00E41TDYU they are nice they are a little stiff but just need some breaking in. I got them at a good price almost half off.
B00EDHUOZM NICE I love it. It was cheep but it is very comfortable. Very good on sport activitiy. Fit  on my body
B00EDHUOZM Very Nice I love wearing this hoodie around. It really stands out in color and quality, I would definitely buy another one.
B00EDHUOZM So nice I bought it TWICE! I absolutely love this puma hoodie.  Fleece on the inside and comfortable on the outside.  The neck has extra material for real function and use.  I ended up buying another in a different color.
B00EDHUOZM Nice. I got this for my son a few months ago and it seems to be wearing well.  Might run slightly smaller than some hoodies but I kind of expected that before I bought it.
B00EDHUOZM Fits nicely (not too baggy), nice color This fits nicely -- not too baggy.  The picture doesn't quite capture the shade of blue properly, but it looks very nice.
B00EDHUOZM very good It has nice color and logo from outside and soft cloth from inside. It seemed like made with high quality.
B00EDHUOZM Super soft and warm This hoodie shipped really quickly and fits very well. I got it on sale for about $20 which I think is amazing for the price. Its nice and warm I would definitely get this!!
B00EDOMUYI Nice design, great price with deal of the day I ordered 1/2 size larger and found these runners fit perfectly. Nice design, great price with deal of the day. Very pleased so far.
B00EDOMUYI Nice for the price These sneaker are really nice and comfortable. Really good for the price. I'd recommend it to my friends.
B00EDOMUYI nice shoes, great price Very nice... If you tend to go back and fourth a half size, go with the larger ones.
B00EDOMUYI Nice shoes. Fit great. Shoes look really nice and are really comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI Nice pair of kicks me and  Every body else loves the color and style, Nice pair of kicks.
B00EDOMUYI Nice looking shoe .Nice looking shoe. Fits well. Worked out today, very comfortable.
B00EDOR4L2 Nice walking shoe Nice comfortable shoe.Will use mainly for long and short walks not for running.
B00EDOR4L2 Wife loves it. The shoe has a nice neutral color with some accent that makes it easy to pair with any street clothes. Comfortable and reasonably priced. Nothing more you can asked for.
B00EDOR4L2 Very nice shoe!! Arrived very quickly & cost was amazing!!
B00EDOSC3G ... they are a ggod pair of shoes true size nice color good quality this shoes well they are a ggod pair of shoes true size nice color good quality
B00EFTWTRY Nice tee I love it,fits OK,cat stamp quality is at it should bee
B00EFTWWFI Pretty Great I bought this shirt as a gift for my husband.  He wears a medium in Puma, it's true to size.  The color is very nice and hasn't washed out thus far.  The graphics are great too and have yet to crack or peel.
B00EPEPFTI Nice shirt. Couldn't beat the price.  My son loved the shirt and it matched the puma ferrari shorts I bought him also.
B00EPGAQVS Sizing is TTS WE love the fit of this jacket. We typically wear 10/12 in tops, but this jacket is perfect and has a very nice stretch to it!
B00ETHZV2M Nice shoes Take a little breaking at the back if the heel (rub at the achilles tendon), but over all a nice shoe!
B00ETHZV2M nice nice looking and very comfortable shoes use them to walk on treadmill they work great for this they are a quality product
B00ETI0GFI Nice Shoe Very nice shoe, And comfortable ! Only wish what they came in more then four colors. I think I'll contact PUMA and ask if they can produce more colors.
B00ETI2NUE Just as Expected Little expensive for the shoe, but fits perfectly, nice shoes.  Cleans easily, wish they were more like the speed cat though.
B00ETI2NUE Very nice, fit well Get many compliments on them. Very nice, fit well, look professional and clean. Side swoosh is a pearly iridescent not pure white like expected.
B00F5EK2FE Nice Love these shoes, very comfortable.
B00F5UZUAA Grandson loved it This is a really nice tee . The hood makes sit really warm. Fits normal for a size 8. The material is nice
B00F5YOVG0 TOO TIGHT I thought that this would b perfect for my son who wear 2T in clothing but this is a bit too tight for him...nice material by the way
B00FB64HLG Nice hoodie, quality and style you expect from puma Nice hoodie, bought as a gift and recipient was very happy with it. Fit and styling is excellent. Good quality
B00FEM0XQA Nice Tennis  Shoes.. Nice Tennis Shoes for the price....
B00FMCASVM Shirt as expected. The shirt is of nice quality, nice fit.  It was just what my 11 year old wanted and he is happy,  would buy again.
B00FMCASVM Nice Quality is good. Is made of cotton. This is not a soccer or any other sports shirt. Is nice for wearing and well made.
B00FME64NQ Perfect t-shirt I bought this puma t-shirt for my cousin and fit as expected, very good quality and nice red puma design
B00FRKC09W great quality Nice thick material.  I wish they had a reference chart for sizing. Turns out size L is around a youth 14.  My son likes them a lot.
B00FRL3K4U Nice shirt This shirt fit as expected and my son really likes it.  I've washed it several times and it looks brand new.  Great price for Puma brand.
B00FRL3ROI Nice toddler shirt Haven't worn yet but looks like the size is accurate for my son!! Kind of thin so this will be worn in the summer!
B00FRL46GG Fit perfectly Nice shorts, fit very well and look good. The material is not as soft as I thought it would be.
B00FRL46GG there are nice really nice. they are new no funny smells, wrapped nicely lol im, they are nice a lil priceee but very nice will buy more
B00FRNREIQ Great look The fit is true to size and these are very nice pants for the money.  Thank you very much for the prompt delivery
B00FRSSAZW My daughter loved this dress Very comfortable, nice colors, good to be used as playwear, sports or even casual. My daughter liked it very much.
B00FRU60W0 Nice shorts My boy loves it.  It fits perfect and looks good
B00FRU60W0 Great material, nicely made I am very happy with the look of these shorts, and they have a nice strong, but breathable material. I would definitely recommend these shorts for sports and active play.
B00FRU9DBK Comfortable and nice looking It was purchase for my 9 years old boy they fit perfectly the quality it ok and the color as spected.
B00FSE9ETQ Nice shirt but too small Nice shirt but too small. My girl is 10 and average size. Since the shirt said 7-16, I thought L would fit her nicely. But this shirt seems fits my 8yo better.
B00FSY32YE VERY NICE GOOD QUALITY. MY SON LIKED TO MUCH ,,, IT IS REALLY NICE
B00FVZGL2K Nice cloth When I bought it I was affraid it was too small but it fits my kid very nice and the colors are very nice for the kid
B00FW40T9Q Nice Fit and Fabric The fit is good. The fabric is super soft, but thin. I would have preferred a little more weight in the fabric. Grandson loves it.
B00FW6PV2Y Nice shirt Nice shirt. Light weight and breathable. After washing did see a little shrink around the puma but after wearing it for a while straightened out. Fit as expected
B00GOMDGHM Great Quality and Fit... These are really nice...Excellent quality...don't slip off ankle and down into shoe...Nice looking and I would definitely purchase these again.
B00GOMDIMU Nice So far they fit well and are comfortable. The true test will be how long they last without getting holes in them.
B00GOMDIMU Very Comfortable! You'll know you made a good choice when you feel how soft these are.  I went back and forth over the different types, but went with these because of the terry cloth.  Really nice.
B00GOMS18Q Nice product! It was a nice purchase . I gave it to my brother and he likes it . It fits perfectly on his wrist.
B00GUAVD6Y Great workout top. Comfortable, light breezy. Fits just the way I wanted to. Would recommend to any who inquiries about tee. Nice surprise.
B00HJDHKY0 nice!!!! Very comfortable not to tight definitely moister wicking for cotton. Would definitely buy these again. And they are very soft. And didn't shrink.
B00HNN4MLA Love the design Puma is a good label to me . I choose this leggings for workout or just walk around the block they are really comfortable and nice .
B00HSE4MZA Great looking and fitting! This Puma t-shirt fits quite well and what's really great is this type of cotton is quite stretchable if for some reason it fits you a little tight. Nice graphic design and very athletic looking casual tee. I recommend it to anyone!
B00IDFTLY0 My experience!!! I was pleased with my purchase an timing with delivery, the onesies fit nice an I'd shop with you again :)
B00IEVFIPE very nice The shirt is very nice, I have very good, the pattern is perfect, the fabric quality is not very good,
B00IEVFON0 Nice shirt I would buy again....
B00IMH9BUI Very nice T-Shirt Beaultiful T-Shirt. Formula one fans should consider add this model to their collection. Delivery on time and fit as expected.
B00IMH9BUI Cool F1 racing shirt Neckline a little loose but nice racing shirt.
B00IMH9G26 Got complimented by it fits perfectly! everyone said something nice about it
B00IR93HCY Nice outdoor wear Fit well as per the size selected.Good fitting and color combiantion
B00JFOPRUK nice short for any sport! my size is 8-12, but I think this is a nice thing to wear for sports. The color is nice but what I like most is that it feels so soft.
B00JVZYM2W Purrrrfect! I received this shirt as a gift and love it!  The cat is so cool looking. The shirt is nice quality and fits perfect.  Very happy with it.
