B0000722QT 4 Stars These shoes are pretty great. They're very ventilated, very comfortable (the second most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned) and they do their job. They're so cute, too. They're perfect for the summer time because they don't look stupid with skirts or shorts.
B000074A7G I absolutely love these shoes! I ordered these shoes as soom as i discovered them and fell in love with them.  I am absolutely ecstatic that i found these shoes!  I don't know what i would do without them!  They fit great-which is a difficult find for me considering i have narrow, size 11 flat feet-and they've totally got it covered.  I just slip them on-and they're so comfy!  I'm so happy with them that i'm thinking of buying another pair in a different color (probably pink...to match my hair...hee hee).  The only complaint that i would have is that the arch is a little funny feeling, but that's it...perfect if you like the feel of low converses (y'know that low on the ground feeling) but the look of the pumas.  And plus, in my opinion these look better than most pumas (none of those silly breathing holes or whatever) and the suede is que magnifique!  Reccommended for anyone, especially if you're looking for something casual sporty and cute or are simply a compulsive shopper! Just Have fun with them!4.879364 out of 5 stars
B0000A61OV SAD SAD SAD..... SAD Puma No Longer Makes These! Puma's Frankenclyde is the best pair of Puma's I have ever owned! I just spent 4 hrs looking for a pair of Black with Blue strip to replace the ones I have had for two years. I tried to find replacements last year and the pair I got sucks! They are too narrow! I just emailed Puma to ask, WHY SO STUPID! I say that because looking online, I am not the only one who misses these shoes. The only place I could find a decent color was on ebay! Wish me luck and I wish you good hunting! If you can find these, they are worth the money.
B0006PR4XK "LOVE THEM" I ONLY WEAR PUMA'S (OWN 15 PAIR) AND THIS IS A CLASSIC VERY WELL MADE!THIS ONE IS A LITTLE HEAVIER THAN THE OTHERS- FEELS LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD
B0009NN9B0 Almost perfect trail shoe I'm on my second pair of these; they are the best trail shoes I've ever used, offering amazing control and grip on muddy trails and all sorts of terrain.  The water resistant shell makes them ideal for wet trails, but in hotter weather will make your feet sweat.  They are not good on concrete, especially wet, and are not as durable as I would like them to be, but I will not hesitate to buy another pair when the current one need to be replaced.
B0009QCYRW Puma King Soccer shoes feel great BUT... My son loves the fit and feel of these Puma soccer shoes, BUT he's had two pairs and both pair separated along the base of the shoe between the leather and the "platform" after minimal wear.  We thought the first pair were just defective, but the 2nd pair did the exact same thing.  He wore them for outside, grass soccer play and they just did not hold up well at all for that playing surface.  They were light weight, extremely comfortable, and his favorite shoe prior to splitting though.
B0009QGPPO A top class pair of soccer shoes/cleats Puma Men's King Allround TT Soccer Cleat is an excellent pair of shoes. They are very stylish, and more importantly, very comfortable.If someone is shopping for a good pair of turf shoes, I am highly recommending this one.
B0009QGPPO Not what I ordered A few days ago, I ordered a pair of Puma King Turf shoes to replace a set that I had used for a year.  I loved my old shoes, and I was excited to find a pair for a good price.  The shoes arrived on time and the packaging was secure and appropriate.Unfortunately, when I opened the box, I found a new pair of shoes that said - Puma King - on the side, but were different in a couple of ways.  Most obviously, the shoes were missing the distinctive white flap that goes over the laces.  In addition, the liner in them was different.  I checked the box, and the image on the box was the correct shoe, but it did not match the shoe in the box.  This was obviously a pair of defective shoes placed in the correct box.  Be careful what you orderI had been waiting for the shoes and needed them that day, so I wore them anyway, hoping that they would work out.  While the shoe fit as old old pair had fit, they did not work out.  Without the flap over the laces, the shoes tongue cut into the front of my ankle.  In addition, the tongue would not stay in place, and it kept sliding down into the show causing discomfort when running.  The shoes just felt wrong.  After trying them for a couple of games, I have put in for a replacement.When the correct shoe, the Puma King is excellent.  Sadly, the shoe department at Amazon tried to slide a pair of defective shoes by, instead of shipping the shoes that they had promised.
B000C4XHJA Great product Very comfortable I'll definitely recommend it!The material is incredibly. If I had to buy another pair. I'll definitely buy the same ones over again!!...They just are awesome!
B000E1ROW2 Good Tennis Shoes! I disagree with the other review here. I had a pair of 648's which eventually became the 653's. To my feet the fit & performance has not changed very much over the years. This is an excellent hard court tennis shoe with good durability and cushioning. Great for the price, especially if you can find them on sale (I've gotten a pair for as low as $35.00). The only thing these shoes lack is extra mid-foot stabilty, which can be found on models like 822 or 1002.
B000FPLEOG Great Product I absolutely love Puma shoes, I've owned about 7 pairs over the years and they have always been quality items.  With this pair, what you see is what you get.  Simple black shoe with black rubber band across the top.  They're comfortable for an average day's worth of walking, but I wouldn't wear them for times when I know I will be on my feet for hours.  They're designed more to be casual with a simple/minimalist appearance to them, which is what attracted me to buy the product.  I'm very happy with this purchase and looking forward to buying another pair of Puma shoes in the future.
B000FPLEOG El Rey Pretty much what I expected. A pair of sneakers delivered on time. Thank god. Had the not arrived on time, I would have had to walk to Los Angeles with no shoes.
B000H6EIH8 confortable this pair of shoes are very confortable but i recommend to buy 1/2 size more than you fit!
B000K7EIME Second pair. I bought my first pair of these 6 years ago and wore them every winter. They finally got a hole in, so I bought another pair and am glad I did. They are comfortable and sporty, yet also a nice black tennis shoe that you can wear with jeans for casual. I Do not wear them to work out or anything, but they are great to wear to the mall or park or anything else. I love them. They do run a little narrow, so if you have wide feet, these would be a no, no.
B000K7EIME The only place to find this style of Pumas is Amazon.com I have wore this style of sneaker for years.When my last pair wore out I could not find them in Tulsa. I thought Puma had stopped making them so as a last resort I tried Amazon and there they were.Thank you Amazon for making my search a sucess. Oh and by the way my next pair will be a mesh pair. These sneakers look stylish with jeans as well as slacks.Where ever one goes someone will comment on how they like your shoes. The mesh are great for workouts and the leather for dress.
B000K7EIME I dont like the fit will have to sell it as I can not wear it - thought it was like another pair I have but it is not
B000K7EIME So comfortable!! I had these shoes many years ago in white and decided to buy another pair. They're so comfortable! They feel like they are hugging your foot and give good support around your arch. The velcro closure is nice because you can put the shoes on very fast. The only downside to the velcro is that it can sometimes get caught on the inside of your pants and become unhooked, although this rarely happens. Great sneakers and very comfortable for running day to day errands.
B000K7EIME Best Pumas I ever owned! I had these Pumas about eight years ago and loved them so much I had to find another pair. I am usually a 7.5, but bought an 8 this time around, because I remember when I first got it, they were a little tight and I had to break them in for a comfortable fit. But the size 8 is slightly loose in the back....something that I can definitely live with though. Love these Pumas so much :-)
B000K7EIME Great shoes I buy a new pair every two years because I wear them out. They are so stylish and comfortable, I try to get away with wearing them at work too. Love these shoes.
B000MMA2HC Puma pants Brand new , quality pair of Pumas! The blue is much brighter than pictured, but still a nice sweatshirt.
B000NCZNR0 Great Cleats For the Price I got these because I have a pair of Puma walking shoes and I love the way they fit my feet.  Turns out the same goes for the cleats.  After one game they were broken in, and they feel like wearing nothing at all.
B000OR2EEE Great shoe for the $$$!!!!!!!!!! These shoes are very comfortable and stylish. I cant wait to buy my next pair!
B000R4XHRC *** PERFECT *** I've been looking for this pair of shoes for 5yrs. I found them here!!! Old school clean and to the point....
B000R4XHRC Perfect shoes! I always wanted a pair of this shoes style....like 80's ...awesome fit and look!! i will buy another pair in blue!!
B000R4XHRC Very clean look These are a great pair of sneakers. I love how comfortable they feel and they're probably a shoe for any season.
B000R4XHRC Satisfied customer!! Two pair of Puma GV Special Classic were ordered, the fit was perfect to size and will order again, I recommend these shoes.
B000R4XHRC These sneakers are very comfortable. I am a diabetic and have to be ... These sneakers are very comfortable. I am a diabetic and have to be very careful with my foot wear and I love these. I would recommend them to anyone that wants a very stylish, comfortable pair of shoes. I will definitely order again next time I need another pair of sneakers.
B000R4XHRC Throwbacks These are the best Puma's ever designed and made. I'm on my third pair in a lifetime. I love them, it's just a matter of personal color choices. I must add, they are very comfortable and lightweight.
B000R4XHRC old school my 5th pair
B000R4XHRC Puma GV Nice pair of sneakers! Comfortable too.Reminds me of when I was a kid, thesePuma GV were the sneakers to have !!!
B000R4XHRC Love Them I bought them and couldn't wait till they arrived, I was impressed with the fit and comfort, I love the way they look with a pair of jeans:-) I am very happy with them and will be buying another pair very soon, yes I would recommend them!!!
B000R4XHRC excellent!!!!! I just love them!!!!!!!!  They just take me back in time when I wear them, classic!!!!! Pumas gv werey first pair of sneakers that I ever bought.
B000R4XHRC Puma GV, blue soles Excellent shoe. Very comfortable. Excellent construction. My 14th pair. Many color variations available.I get many complimemnts regarding this pair. Upper materials last a long time when cared for.
B000R4XHRC Great Pair of Kicks I usually buy Nike Shox but they've recently priced themselves out the market. I bought mine from the Warehouse deals savings for $35 and they were still brand new when I received them. I usually buy shoes for style and looks and these look great with a pair of jeans.  Granted I wear a SIZE 9 and they do come slightly on the narrow width side.  To alleviate that problem I broke them in by wearing them around the house for about an hour.  I say disregard other's who say buy a 1/2 size larger.  it's your prerogative!  If your tired of paying $100 for a pair of Nikes try these.  I know young people may say Puma and grimace but trust me your peers will give you compliments.
B000R4XHRC Should have bought two pair Thank you amazon thank u very much for you speed, quality products, and unbeatable prices.. I was vey skeptical at first but I'm a believer now.. I believe that any other future items I buy besides food I'm looking on amazon first .. But if they had food??? Now that's for another review ... I bought a pair of pumas thru amazon and I am very happy... Unbeatable prices, outstanding quality, and shipped to my house ... No more skepticism from now on.. Thank you amazon thanks to the guys that changes the lining in the garbage cans all the way the CEO and Sharemembers thank you.. U at least made one happy person on this planet .. Thanks
B000R4XHRC fantastic I have several pair of this shoe and really like the way it fits my foot. It is also fun as the younger staff where I work think they are cool!
B000R4XHRC Throwback As comfortable as I remember. I will definitely buy another pair or two or three. This kicks remind me of being a kid!
B000R4XHRC classics I  absolutely love these Puma's classic sneakers. I need  the green pair these are ol school sneakers. I recommend people to get a pair for themselves.
B000R4XHRC A True Clasic Really like these sneakers. This is my 3rd pair. The classic look never go out of style. They look grate with jeans or kakies. I imagine I'll get a 4th pair when these whet too old.
B000R4XHRC Most comfortable athletic shoes and great price Other postings had issue with the shoe size, which was not a problem. This is at least 5th pair of GV's, I highly recommend them for comfort and durability.
B000R4XHRC Defective!!!!!! I own several pair of Puma GV Specials and absolutely love the fit and "classic but never outdated style". I received this pair and both shoes stated they were a 14 but one shoe fit like it was a 12 1/2. I was completely disappointed because amazon was the only place online that still had this shoe in stock and in my size. Needless to say, I had to return them. Amazon so graciously sent me a replacement pair before I could even ship the first pair back! Guess what!!!!!!!!! The replacement pair were defective to! Aaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! Imagine the frustration! I purchased other merchandise(hats....) to go with them! Extremely disappointed!
B000R4XHRC "Lovemykicks" I totally love my sneakers I couldn't find my size in no store's but I check on line and Yuppie ! I found them now I want the white pair
B000REX1DW Great shoes! These shoes are both stylish and comfortable. I am planning on purchasing another pair in a different color!
B000REX1DW Next size up worked A lot of people recommend up-sizing on this shoe for a comfortable fit and I did just that; works great.  I wear these everywhere and will be buying another pair if I need to replace them.  Price paid:  $70.  Very pleased.
B000REX1DW Most comfortable shoe!!! This is the second pair for me to buy for my son.  He wants to always have a pair because they are so comfortable.  He is 10 yrs old, wears a mens size 9. His feet are like narrow boat oars!!  These shoes fit him perfectly and he says he can sneak up on anyone!  Treads are silent and feel like bare feet!
B000UQY2O4 grrrrrrrowl I absolutely love these shoes -the looks and the style the colors the texture and most of all -they are the most comfortable pair of shoes I own.  I am a pharmacy technician and am on my feet between 8-10 hours a day and these shoes take perfect care of my tired feet.I highly recommend them!  I did so much so -that my hubby wanted a pair of puma's to see if I was telling him the truth.... guess what?  He is now a converted puma wearer.
B0011SQ8F6 good shoe...stylish...not perfect I really like these shoes, but I just got a pair of North Face sneakers and they have tons more support than these ever did.
B00160EGW6 Sizing was off I love these pumas!!!!  The only problem I had with these was the sizing.  I have two other pairs of these style of shoes in different colors.  All three are a men's size 8.5.  For some reason this particular pair is a little too big. Other then that they are great shoes.
B00160J8B0 Stylish, soft & comfortable I have the same pair of these shoes but in blue. I wanted to get a brown pair and saw that Amazon had them for a lower price, even better than Zappo's price! They got here within the week and I am glad to say that they are sweet. I get so many compliments on them. Theye are soft and flexible, almost like wearing sure-fitted slippers. One thing though is that they do not offer much arch support so if you have bad feet, don't buy them.
B00166RR3K Comfortable, stylish shoes. My favorite PUMAS are the seemingly out-of-production Repli Cat II. This pair is black & grey suede with white-leather side stripes on the outside. There are very low profile, but amazingly comfortable. I use prescription orthodics, and they work fine in these shoes. But like all PUMAS, they tend to run a bit small. I get one size up.
B0019E8I5U LOVE THEM YEah, Im on my 3rd pair..their soo comfortable and stylish at the same time. It takes some getting use to at first, then its great!
B001AZI82G Puma shoes second pair that I have bought since I get so many compliments on my first pair :). product was in good condition and speedy delivery
B001B4WUVQ Blue and Silver Pimp-mas, I mean Pumas I like these shoes.  The mesh is actually more gray then what the pictures shows.  I ended up liking them that way than if the mesh was white or lighter.  They did make my feet feel hot though, so I wear thinner socks.  Very Comfortable and look awesome.  The size was exactly what I wear, I did try a similar pair on at the mall first just to make sure.
B001B508G4 Ducati Shoes Love these so much I got one pair in every color!Very nice, comfortable, excellent styling!Would not recommend for everyday riding as I would ONLY recommend Motorcycle Boots!
B001B516CE Puma shoes These were exactly what my son-in-law wanted.  in fact, it is the third pair I have bought him for the last 3 Christmas'.  He only tells me he wants them because I get the right ones.
B001B516CE Love these sneakers This is my second pair of Speed Cats.  They are very comfortable, and look good.  I'm always a bit self conscious because I have pretty large feet, and some sneakers and shoes make them look even larger.  These sneaker do a nice job look proportional.  Once I wear these out, I'll look for a third pair.
B001B516CE Great shoe! I bought a pair of the black/white speedcats almost 5 years ago.  I wore them very frequently and the sole just now started to detach on the right foot.  The only other problem they had were that they were dirty.  5 YEARS of regular use and abuse before they became unwearable!  I'm shopping for my next pair as I write this. Wish I could give more than 5 stars.
B001B516CE love these shoes love these shoes  - big puma fani own a total of like maybe 6 ot 7 over the past 8 or so years - every time i wear a pair out i buy a new pair
B001B51W64 I can't believe I own a pair of Pumas Let me be the first to say that I have never owned a pair of Puma sneakers before and never liked any I had tried on. I found a pair at a local Warehouse retailer that we obviously a new version of these and tried them on. I liked them very much, but did not like the price. While replacing the shoes, I saw this pair and decided to try them on. I like them very much. They do fit a little tight, but they are brand new. They are very supportive. I would not run in these, but for the less than $50 price and comfort level, I imagine these will be my kick around shoes for awhile. My last pair were New Balance. I loved them but when I tried on the newer version they did not fit the same and I did not like them. Anyways, I can now say I would buy these again, and I almost wish I had bought the other Pumas as well.I bought a pair of Asics 2130 for running, as they were on sale and were super comfy in the 20 minutes I tried them on in the store. I will write a review for them later.So to sum it up, I would recommend these shoes for the right price and they are very supportive and comfortable to me.
B001B52SDK Nice! Just thought I'd add a 5star review to these shoes, I just got them and they are very comfortable and light! These are my first Pumas so I didn't know what to expect, so far I am very pleased. When I went to order I saw that they were being sold through macy's, since [...]offers in store returns I went though their site, because of that I won't comment on the shipping which was so-so.If anyone is on the fence about buying shoes online, I will tell you that I've been exclusively buying shoes online for the past year (a pair of Adidas bounce, a pair of Tims, and these). I've never had any problems with sizes etc, and because online prices are usually $20 less than store prices I've saved a bit of cash LOL.As for the shoes I will have to edit the review in a bit, as lasting quality is one of the most important things in a shoe.
B001B55JMC Great looking shoes The first pair I got was my normal size an 8.  When I got them they were tight so I sent them back for an 8.5 and they were fine.  They are comfortable and I get lots of compliments on them when I wear them.
B001B55RN8 Great Puma product. Great shoes with the usual Puma quality.  I have had one pair for over a year and they still look great.  I like them so much, I bought a second pair for when the first wear out.Highly recommend.
B001CHCT4U great shoes! good choice!!! having sucessfully bought dance split soles thru Amazon, I was thrilled to see this pair come up a few weeks later...having to be very carefull since I have a short left hip and leg and needing a really good pair to spell my Converse...and trying not to wear anything that couldn't take an insole...I am very, very happy with the Puma sneakers...I'm a dancer and dance teacher and was beginning to despair...so, thank you!While Puma is in Jamaica, I have trouble with size and trendiness and finding shoes that are first  comfortable, and will last!Alaine Grant, Kingston, Jamaica
B001CHCTMC Very nice shoes! I love Puma shoes and specificly these (i have a pair with grey tones) but the pair i ordered were too small (i looked at the size in my grey ones) so i had to send them back. Everything was sorted out really fast and the money was send back ecually fast but look for the size is really a good thing. The shoes are great so no bad thing there!!!
B001CHCTMC Very cool! - I needed a second pair I purchased this shoe after attending physical therapy for my foot and my trainer wore PUMAs everyday.  She stated that they were so comfortable and that's all she wears.  I checked a few places and the PUMA sneakers were very affordable on Amazon.  They arrived promptly and she was right, they are comfortable.  I wear them nearly every day.  Great buy at a good price, so I bought a second pair.
B001CHCTQI 5 stars! I've bought PUMA for my 12 years old, she likes it a lot. Very happy with this pair.
B001CHEOW0 Great shoes, that have stood the test of time I've had these for over 2 years now, and they are still in good condition. My most comfortable pair of shoes ever. Would definitely replace them with a similar pair, but these are so durable I don't think that will happen anytime soon.Pros:- Nice style- Lightest and most comfortable shoes ever- Durable all around (just had to replace the laces since they had worn out after a year)Cons:- Not really a flaw, but one issue I have with these shoes is that my longer pants/jeans go under my heels (in lack of a better way to describe it) Some other shoes have small tabs that prevent this from happening. I think these being low-profile and non-bulky, and not having the tab is causing this to happen only with these.Overall, strongly recommended. Would buy another pair for sure.
B001CHEPW4 Puma The Suede shoes This is my son's third pair of these Pumas.  He doesn't want to wear any other shoe; orders new colors.  The fit and look are great, and they are always comfortable.  I appreciate the fact that they are well made and last a long time.  Great shoes!
B001CHEPW4 Fab These are the best sneakers. Comfy, like wearing slippers. And fab to look at. Gets lots of "I used to where those" comments. They wear out, I just order a new pair off Amazon.
B001CHEPW4 Comfortable Classic I've owned a pair of these for about 6 years. A single pair. Yes the suede is a little faded but that just adds character. The best pair of shoes I have ever owned!
B001CHEPW4 Better than I expected The last pair of PUMA's I owned was about 30 years ago. At the time, they seemed cheap and I didn't like them.Fast forward to today and I like the way PUMA's look. I've been wanting these for a while and found them on sale recently. I'm glad I did.I haven't the slightest idea how well these will wear, but I strongly disagree with those who say that they're uncomfortable. Believe me when I say that, because I'm all about comfort and I know how hard it can be to find comfortable shoes, that are still affordable, today. They're not a running shoe with a squishy sole, but they're still one of the more comfortable pairs of shoes that I own. The sole has far more cushion than a pair of Adidas Sambas I own, which I find extremely uncomfortable.Of course they look nice too, but I'll wrap this up by describing the fit. They probably do run slightly narrow and short, but I think some of the reviews exaggerate how much. They're bigger than many shoes I own, including my Sambas. In fact, I'm between sizes and have no problem with the smaller size. The arch support doesn't seem like much, but it's more than adequate, because they're so comfortable. The cushioned soles do their part in the comfort of the shoe, too.Overall, I'm very happy with this shoe and will probably be buying more pairs in the future.
B001CHER90 Looks nice but not comfortable I purchased this over a year ago and is my least favorite pair of Pumas I own.  It looks very nice, but is not comfortable to walk around in and especially not suitable for basketball.Things I like:1.)Great looking pair of sneakers.2.)Good qualityThings I don't like:1.)Uncomfortable to wear for extraneous use.  Needs better padding and cushioning.2.)Low cut for basketball...but good for regular use.There are better choices out there and I would suggest trying these on before you purchase them online.  Not all pumas are comfortable.
B001CHER90 Nice I ordered these shoes because I like the retro look they have. Once I received them I was pleased as to how they fit. They are snug and well padded. I pimped around the house with them on and remembered the good old days. Right now these are my favorite sneakers and I have around 25 pairs. I wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair at all.
B001CHER90 I want this product again !!!! I had a apartment fire and lost these great pair of sneaks. I LOVED THEM !!!! They were comfortable and just had some great outfits with them .  I am okay , unscathed and unhurt ( Thank God ) , but i do miss these pair.
B001CHF4GK awesome shoes!! These shoes are the best sporty little flats -I wear a 9 in most shoes-actually wore an 8.5 in these- little breaking in required, very comfortable for walking. I actually bought my first pair at a PUMA store in grey. I found the brown on amazon, and had to have another pair!
B001CHG1YY Only get the Pumas Any brand i have ever bought has not held up for more than a year. Pumas will last you as long as 2.5  years as my last pair did. these ones get very comfortable when you break them in and look good. I wear them to work, school, and anywhere else i end up. Great shoe for the price.
B001CHG1YY Comfy! Great materials! Well worth the money. I have small wide feet and they fit me perfect. I want at least three more pair lol
B001CHG1YY Great buy i liked the product, i received what i expected. Very pleased in the order. Also sends an additional pair of laces, which is pretty cool.
B001CHG1YY Why do Guys always get the nice sneakers?!! These are awesome! And they fit just right. The seller was great as I had to ask if I was getting the correct size as yes, girls, these are men's shoes, so you'll have to get them I the size equivalent to your normal women's size. I'm normally an d8 to an 8.5 in women's so I got the size 7's in men's. They are stylish and got great with my outfits. I'm already thinking of getting another pair or so in the future in different colors. Which is odd for me, as I've never been that type of person to have several different colored shoes of the same shoes just to match my wardrobes. lol. Let's hope it doesn't get THAT bad, but I definitely will get at least one more pair of these!
B001CHG1YY Great Sneaker I bought a pair of these over a week ago and decided to wait before I ordered a second pair as to the fit. Love these sneakers, inexpensive, nice and fit according to size.
B001CHG1YY Could not find anything like these at a store Never had a pair of Puma. Needed to replace my Vans. Love them. Came with option of black or white laces. Comfortable and cool!
B001CHG1YY Hubby needed shoes! My husband is a very picky person when it comes to cloths and shoes. It really is hit or miss when getting him a gift! So he needed a new pair of casual shoes, and I thought these would be great. I checked 2 of his other pairs for the size, and got him one size too big! Exchanging them was EXTREMELY easy and within two days he had his perfect fitting shoes and loves them! They even come with another pair of dark shoe laces. Overall a great choice and he says they are rather comfy too!
B001CHG1YY Gotta break 'em in The shoes look good, but they are a little tight, but that should be fine once they're broke in.  I don't care for the wide shoe laces, and the suede's dye has stained the shoe laces already (I've only had them for 3 days now).  Other than that, I think they'll be fine and comfy.  If these last a few months without problems, I may get another pair in another color.
B001CHG1YY Best pumas ever I never had a pair of puma before now couldn't buy these kind of name brand you know I had starex,buddy are us,or dollar store variety kicks. When I was a youngster you wear what's givin and dill with it,but that's old school any way first time I seen them I like from the get go, know your size no problems,there smooth and comfortable on the feet walking,standing what ever.I'd buy one more pair but I love my Filas have to have them.Amazon great job man ya do good  work thanks.
B001CHG1YY Puma Suede Classic Awesome shoes,fit perfectly. I definitely am going to order another pair so i have a back up for when i wear these out .
B001CHG1YY My favorate pair of shoes I bought these to wear to work on casual Fridays, now I just wear them everywhere. I wear a 10.5 and that's what I ordered. They seem to run true to size. Very comfortable. They came with two sets of laces, one to match the shoe color and another much thicker orange pair to match the orange accent.
B001CHG1YY Love Love Love these. These are quite easily the most comfortable shoes I have ever put on my feet. After I got this pair of Gray/White I followed it up with a pair of Gray/Gray, a pair of Red/White, and a pair of Black/White.
B001CHG1YY Love them Favorite shoes. On my second pair in 5 years. These last awhile if you take decent care of them, even with nearly daily wear. Only complaint is jeans can rub off on the white stripes on the sides, discoloring them a bit, but should come out with some suede cleaner. Will order again in a few years when my current pair wears out! :)
B001CHG1YY Classic Pumas I haven't had a pair of Puma suedes in years and, this was the first time I have found my size: 12 1/2. It would be great this size was available in other colors; not to mention other styles: Romas particularly. Are you listening Puma reps??
B001CHG1YY Fun Sneakers I love the look of these sneakers.  They look really nice with a pair of jeans and great for running around on the weekend.  They also came with black and white laces so you can choose your own style.
B001CHG1YY Classic sneakers They fit just like I did in high school! I just wanted to treat myself to a pair. After all I deserve to, once in a while!
B001CHG1YY i love this the material is really good. when i wear this pair of shoes i feel really soft. the bottom of this pair of shoes is really good.
B001CHG1YY Wonderful! I ordered one pair for my boyfriend, but made a mistake on the size. The men's size is on the right of the drop down list, don't know how I messed that up. But luckily I have an 11 1/2 yr old who fit them perfectly. They are so wonderful that I ordered two more pair in blue and black; one for my boyfriend and one for my 13 yr old son. Will be buying more in different colors very soon!
B001CHG1YY excellent pair Comfortable like always, definitely getting another pair in the future. Puma hasn't let me down yet. Two enthusiastic  thumbs up
B001CHG1YY Like the look and feel but... Like the look and feel but... but the Cabernet color bled onto the white swoosh within 3 hours of first putting them on.  The burgundy color also bled on to my white laces, so I went back to the red so it wouldn't be noticeable.  I fought with myself about lower this to 3 starts but they are way too comfortable and the still look good.  I will probably buy another color soon because after all they are cheap enough to own more than one pair.
B001CHG1YY Love them They look and feel way cooler than I thought my self. Several commented that would pick up a pair for themselves
B001CHG1YY Classic PUMA I had a pair of Pumas in the classic suede style years ago and loved them. When I saw these on sale for $30 with promo code, I jumped on them. The colors are really nice, a little brighter than shown in the pictures. They fit as advertised compared to other Pumas and Nikes.
B001CHG1YY Hard to improve upon a classic! Iconic, good-looking, comfortable shoe.  My first pair since jr. high school.  Liked them then, still like them.  The Suede Classic is basically the same shoe as the original Puma Clyde: the first basketball star-licensed sneaker, from Walt (Clyde) Frazier, who knew style and liked to look good on and off the court. (Before the era of basketball stars competing to put their name on the most outlandishly hideous galoshes.)After all the years of being forced to buy increasingly gaudy, clown-like sneakers at the mall sport shoe stores, I rebelled and started shopping online a few years ago. Wanted a casual sport shoe that looked like a casual shoe, and actually went with the rest of my clothing--not like my feet were on acid. Loved the Emerica Reynolds Cruiser in the new lines of skateboarding shoes with a classic retro look--simple, elegant suede styling with comfy padding. Bought several colors until they were recently discontinued (even ordered my last pair from Europe).So, went online shopping again...and low and behold: my original Puma Clydes! Just as classy and comfortable as ever. And I'm obviously not the only one who's sick of ugly sneakers: everywhere I go, people compliment me on my shoes. Yet the mall stores still stock the clown shoes.Steeple Gray color looks great, and Curds & Whey is nice too (a little more tan and better looking than the color pictured here, which looks yellowish).By the way, I didn't find these run small. My normal size fits fine--if anything just a tad long, with plenty of toe room.
B001CHG1YY Cool Stuff! I really love the shoe and plan on getting another pair. They are a little small but I hope they stretch out a bit.
B001CHG1YY Buying again I purchased these for my husband a few years ago. They were worn almost every day for two+ years. The suede exterior holds up very well and allows enough stretch for a wider instep to fit comfortably without the whole shoe being extra wide. It is now time to buy new shoes and he just wants another pair of these.
B001CHG1YY I love my PUMA Suede Classic This is like my 3rd pair and they are great.  I have wide feet and in a wheelchair.  So because the shoes run small, I usually wear a size 12, I buy 14's and they are perfect for me.  In fact I'm getting ready to buy another pair soon, they are fun.  Lou
B001CHG1YY very comfy, nice everyday shoes Color is exactly how I hoped it would be( forest night lux). The shoes have a firm feel with skater style padding on the sides. Only took an afternoon or two to get a feel for them. The shoes breathe quite well. Not sure why people are ordering wrong sizes for? These are my first pair of pumas and I ordered the size I always have and they fit great.Actually these fit so nice that ive purchased another pair but different style of pumas and Im considering ordering more once summer hits.
B001CHG1YY Unisex fit does not fit right I love Pumas and this is my 3rd pair but when I went to order more in my size the color choice was nil, so I went ahead and order the unisex size recommended to me, well needless to say they are too big all the way around. So I recommend for the ladies to stick with the women's sizes to get a true fit, Still love my Pumas , just next pair will be ladies fit only,
B001CHG1YY Great casual shoe More comfortable than a pair of Chucks & every bit as good as a suede pair of Addidas. Great color combination - the Orange and Grey look awesome.  I wouldn't play basketball in them...although you could skate in them.  Happy I made the purchase!
B001CHG1YY Cool shoes Everything is everything. Good times. Would do it all again. You should get your own pair as well. Everything came on time
B001CHG1YY great These are exactly the same as my last pair. Perfect fit, even came with both sets of laces. Very happy customer
B001CHG1YY puma sude just wanna say i love these shoes for dancing,and when i got them they looked perfect and i received them fast as well...i will be buying my next pair form here,,,thanks
B001CHG1YY Im happy :) Never purchased footwear online before but was satisfied with the purchase. Pumas were a little narrow but believe will stretch in time. I had not found or wore a pair of Pumas since my high school years, 40 years ago!!! Thanks Amazon.
B001CHG1YY Product better than in picture I received it in quick time and fits perfect, haven't worn it as yet and got 3 complements already. will be getting another pair.
B001CHG1YY Good to go I like then very much so I have to buy a new pair on size 10; in the end it was my bad.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes! These keep up with the Puma quality and style I expect from this brand. They are also very soft to the touch and comfortable. I have 6 different pair of Puma shoes and wish I had the money to buy more.
B001CHG1YY puma My son loves them he won't another pair he want a black and white pair and black and red pair
B001CHG1YY Classic puma I had a pair of these back in high school. They are just like I remember. Fit is good I am happy with the purchase.
B001CHG1YY The nicest pair of Pumas I've owned to date!! The Suede Olympic Blue pair of Pumas are dope ! I love the color in person , plus they came with a fat pair of white laces !!! Pretty cool ! Thank you again Amazon for the great customer service !! Sincerely , Troy !!!
B001CHG1YY Neat! I like this pair of shoes especially by the white stripe, they are very confortable, try them!, they are trully recommended
B001CHGJBY puma 917 i bought these pair for a friend and he just love it!!!! in fact i like the old school style it has!!
B001E1EJ1U Very nice shoes My nephew loved these shoe. He has barely taken them off since they arrived.They arrived very quickly.The shoes fit perfect to size.I will probably be buying another pair. Highly recommended .
B001E1EJ1U My 7yr old son These puma GV specials match my son's uniform perfect. He's comfortable and you could never go wrong with Navy Blue leather sneakers for a 7yr old.. Thinking about buying him another pair...Thank you
B001H0EV7K I LOVE these flip flops! I bought these in New York City 6 years ago while on vacation (since the shoes I brought were killing me).  They didn't need any "breaking in".. they were comfortable the moment I put them on.. and they have finally worn completely out!  So, I m buying another pair here.  I have bought other flip flops, but nothing compares.  I will put on the worn out Pumas before my newer, "other" flip flops every time!  They are by far the most comfortable flip flops I have ever owned!  I would DEFINITELY recommend them to anyone!!!
B001H0EV7K Had a long time I've had these sandals for over 3 years and living in texas they get a work-out considering its summer here 8 months of the year. Im so happy with them i just purchased a second pair. Just in case my originals get destroyed. Which they haven't.
B001H0EY2C retro kicks for the new millennium These shoes are incredibly comfortably, and look awesome. I was skeptical at first, but ever since I have received my pair of Red/White/Blue, I have not found a single flaw. These shoes will bring the old school back into your life and then some. Get a couple pairs of these things and wear a different color each day!
B001H0EY2C Hip, yet comfy Hey, I won't lie. I like hip shoes. However, my feet don't have the best arches. And while these shoes look like your average hipster lowtops, they provide much more support, arch, and comfort that something like an adidas shell-toe or Converses.I've got a pair of black-reds, and received complements on them.Just bought a pair of "elephant" colored ones, and they fit great.I was suprised to see that there are far more colors available here than at the Puma store on Market St. in San Francisco.
B001H0EY5E love it! order was delivered promtly, sneakers are great(that's my second pair already), style is universal,you can wear those with jeans or yoga pants, capris or shorts!reason I gave 4 stars is the sizing!1 to 1.5  of your size off(usually +)! So, be carefool there!
B001H0F0Q6 Great all around shoes! I'm very active and use these pumas for everything from just walking to playing basketball to anything else that comes up. Durable, low to the ground and simple. My old pair is just dirty but never broken. I want a new pair.
B001H0FGWY Awesome Shoes! I've finally found a pair of pumas that would be both functional and stylish. Delivery was quick too :)
B001H0FGWY Another great pair of Pumas I have 3 other pairs of Pumas that I love and this pair just adds to that...sporty looking, durable and very comfortable I'd recommend these to anyone.  Another fantastic Puma shoe.
B001H0FMAK It Fits! Its Comfortable! Excellent Customer Service Finally, good shoes that fit my size 14 feet. They arevery comfortable and extremely easy to slip on and off. Unfortunately,i've only worn them for a week and it does seem that a small piece on theupper portion of the lip of my shoe is beginning to peel.After leaving this review on Eastbay's website, I was contacted by customer service within 24hrs apologizing for my 'defective' shoe and they then gave me the option to return it for another pair. EXCELLENT Customer service :-)UPDATE- I bought another pair in white/black, these shoes are comfortable :-)
B001H317U6 Nice looking and design Wear it everyday since last summer. I know it's time to get a pair of new shoes, just loved it too much!
B001KRYBZM Classic Style with Puma Flavor This is one of my favorite pair of sneakers. It looks great and they tend to catch people's attention while not being flashy. Very comfortable as well.  I highly recommend these.
B001M4G0ES For the price they're great! I bought my first pair of pumas 4 years ago for almost $80 those are sturdier and have more padding along the inside than these do. The laces on these are cheap compared to my other pair, so I'll probably get new laces. I also got them in a size 9 like my old pair but they seem a bit bigger. I think they may have changed their sizing over the years a bit, but it still works! I read some comments about them being a slim fit which if you even looked at the pictures you should have known this! I love more slim fit shoes like these and they go with just about everything!  Puma brand isn't cheap so being $30 less than my other pair I still think these are very nice and I got what I paid for!
B001OOMXTW Cool, Comfortable, Durable Puma Bennys are possibly the most comfortable sneakers on the planet.  I have trouble finding shoes that are comfortable and decently good looking.  I had my last pair for about a year and bought a new pair to replace them recently.  They did start to get a little uncomfortrable, but I wore them all the time.  I can wear them all day and walk for miles in the city without any discomfort.
B001OON6RU I WANT THESE IN MY SIZE! Bought these for my boyfriend for his birthday (he desperately needs new running shoes). ANYWAY, turns out they LOOK and FEEL so awesome he does not even want to wear them for that purpose! And I am so jealous now, I just have to find a pair in my size! The silver is the way to go for sure!!!!
B001OONCDS Best shoes I've had in a long time.... These things are great, easy to slip on, feel comfortable, and they look great. I get compliments on them all the time and some people even say they want to get them for themselves. I'm even considering getting a second pair I like them so much!
B001OONCOW Best Puma Shoe Ever I probably own at 12 pairs of Puma's, but these are the best pair I own, just ordered two more pair. Unlike the rest of the Puma line, these shoes are sturdy and give you plenty of support. They are very stylish and I can wear them to work on casual day with a nice pair of slacks. I would recoomend this shoes to anyone, however make sure you buy at leaset 1/2 size bigger than your regular size.
B001TDDL8A These shoes are awesome By and far the best pair of shoes I have ever worn. I first ran in the Tenos Vs a few years ago and while looking for another pair found that they are now making the VI. It my look a little different but they still feel the same. I think the treads wearout a tittle faster than other running shoes but the feel more than makes up for it.
B001VH6RPS Great Shoe Got a pair of these on sale, needed a new pair of shoes to walk around in the rain. They look great, sort of a cross between Converse-retro and Puma chic. The uppers are definitely waterproof, although water can run down over the tongue and into your socks, but its negligible. The amount of white on this particular color scheme means you need to watch where you're walking, especially since the straps and side-stripe are fabric and pick up grime very easily. Still, I've had them for a several weeks now and they're fine. The grip is somewhat less than you'd expect - very little in the dry, better in the wet, despite the flat sole. On that note, whilst I find them very comfortable, the thinness and flatness of the insole can get a little tiresome after a while; inserts recommended for anyone with sensitive feet.Overall a great buy. Looks cool, comfortable around town, easy straps, a nice little shoe.-B.R.
B001VH736K It's a pair of very comfortable shoes I've been quite "cheap" on shopping. I've never bought any kind of shoes worth more than 80 dollars. This pair of running shoes is the best deal I've ever got under 80 bucks. They are light, pretty, and comfortable. White and blue have always been my favorite colors, so it's perfect for me. The cushioning design is very good I must say. I've been wearing it alot since I got.
B001VH7FA4 AWESOME! I am a big work out junkie and have never owned a pair of pumas.  I usually go for shox for comfort at the gym but I think I have a new favorite.  I got a pair for christmas and I love them.  They are light in weight(a plus if you are a runner) and really really comfortable, like a pair of shoes that are already broken in. The solid cover still allows your feet to breathe so they don't get hot and they will stay white longer(for those who love white shoes but get dirty easily).  I recommend these shoes for gym goers or just plan runners! Also I get a lot of compliments on them too. Good job puma for putting new colors on your shoes. Comfort+style+functionality PERFECT!
B001VH7QS0 PUMA Women's Etoile Cat Sneaker,Black/White,8.5 B I had to find black shoes for work. This is my second pair of Puma's and I'm addicted to them. I do a lot of walking at my job and these shoes are unbelievably comfortable! I'm debating on getting a second pair for outside of work!
B001VH7RWA Always wanted a pair I always wanted a pair of these type of shoes.  I finally have them and I love them.  I have really bad feet and have a hard time finding shoes that I can wear with out my orthodics, I finally found a pair.  I have extremely high arched feet and this pair of Puma's are the only shoe I have ever bought that has amazing support.  I wore them all weekend and never got a blister (often happens with new shoes) and my feet didn't hurt one bit, I was so surprised as I have a hard time breaking in shoes.  Love the color brown and love the feel of the suede.  Not a shoe to go puddle jumping or hiking in, great for errands a night on the town etc....I love them and WILL buy more.....
B001VH86U2 Stylin' Comfortable Kicks I was looking for a pair of comfortable, stylish kicks I could wear to the office everyday with jeans or perhaps even with shorts now and then.  I came across the PUMA Men's Jago V and was immediately drawn to it's sleek design, hidden lacing and color (I chose the silver/white/denim).  After wearing them for a few hours I knew I made the right decision -- not only did they feel oh so comfortable after a day at the office, but they also looked great with a pair of distressed boot-cut jeans.If you end up going with the silver let me warn you now -- since there is such a large area of silver, and its synthetic, be prepared for some creasing.  However this doesn't bother me too much because let's face it -- new shoes are only new for about an hour until you get them into the "real world".  The comfort and fit more than make up this.  In the past I've found PUMA has run a bit narrow for my size 13 feet, but with these they fit like a glove and I have plenty of room to let me feet get comfortable.Highly recommend these; they would be great on the town, at work or even for a quick game of pick me up.
B001VKXHP8 My second pair... This is my second pair of PUMA Voltaic II. I am a nurse and have found this shoe to be comfortable and supportive, even after12 hours on my feet.
B001VKXHP8 Best Workout Shoes I've Owned These shoes are great. On top of being really good looking, they also feel really good and have a lot of support and cushion. The tongue of the shoe is connected to the inner sides of it so it might be a little hard to get your foot in but I personally don't have any problem with this. I love these and will be ordering another pair as soon as I find a great deal again!
B001VKXHP8 Pumas are my new fav Love these shoes and plan to buy another pair.  I used them on vacation, to walk on the treadmill, and every day wear.  Very comfortable, and I've gotten lots of compliments.  I would say they aren't made for people with wide feet and the first time I wore them I was wondering if I shouldn't have ordered a 1/2 size larger, but they are perfectly fine after the first couple times I wore them.
B001VKXJGA One of the bset shoes I ever owned Like the title says.  I'm only sorry my size is not available or else I would buy another pair.  My current one is too worn out since I literally worn them everywhere, every season.  I received plenty of compliments with these shoes.  They're great for going out on the town. Casual and comfortable enough to walking around and hanging out and also "fancy" enough for more strict venues/clubs.
B001VKXX20 Very easy exchange! I ordered these sneakers for my boyfriend and they were too small. I sent them back for a new size and had no problems and got the new pair quickly.
B001VKXX20 Pleasantly suprised! I bought these a few days ago and I love them! They are the most comf pair of shoes I have ever purchased. They have a nice roll when you step so they dont feel stiff. I have had so many girls compliment me on my shoes! These are my first pair of Puma's and could not be more happy. I will be buying another pair in black, the white that I bought get dirty and I cant wear them onto the ball field when I am out coaching my little league team.When I got them there was some sticky stuff on the side but it came right off! So no complaints from me on these. I would recommend them to anyone, just as I have already.
B0023NUJUI Super Cool My son would exclaim, "super cool," so I know I hit the mark with these.  Even when he outgrew them, he would try to keep wearing them.  I opted for another pair of Pumas since the brand seems reliable and durable -- both very important with a stylish yet VERY active son.
B0028Y4QJ2 um, awesome. I have this pair in two colors so I knew what I was getting myself into.  These shorts rock, there's really no need to say anything else.  The size fits me perfect and the length is just as shown.  So far it's been a great pair for walking, bike-riding, and gardening.
B002ACPJ8Y Awesome shoes These are my wife's favorite shoes ever...She wanted another pair for when she wears these out. They are super light and super comfortable.
B002C4JY0Y Very cute but not enough support. I don't like the look of bulky sneakers and I don't want to wear dressy shoes all the time.  These shoes look great and they are light. The downside: not much support. They should not be considered sneakers. I do get a lot of complements on the sneakers, I love the blue color.I bought another pair of puma's and they had more support, but they wear out fast. Get these if you care more about looks than comfort:)
B002C4KANY My, my, my These are sooo much better than I thought they would be.  I have been trying to find a flat I could wear with jeans, a skirt or a dress... that would be comfortable all day long.  I found the shoe!  They are true to size, and though I thought they might be a little loose at first, they are working out great.  I am thinking about buying a second pair so that when these wear out, I can just bust out the new pair!  They have nice cushioning.  I wore them to work, walked several blocks for lunch, and did my rounds in the office, all in comfort.  I'm kind of a Puma nut so it's no surprise that I think these are super cute. The purple looks great against the black and the toe sparkles just enough to give it some intrigue.  There is a small section of rubber going up the heel that is light grey, like the sole. It's the only thing that lets on to its tennis shoe status.  They are unique and I'd have to say that I absolutely love them!
B002C4KCYG Awesome! I'm not a fan of flat shoes, in fact this is the first pair I've ever owned (apart from runners/winter boots).  I'm getting old now and get tired from being on heels all day so I figured it was time to get a pair of flats.  These are perfect!  They fit well, don't slip off, have some padding for the heel, and look...well, as good as flat shoes can look.  They are actually quite shiny, which may not be evident in the photo
B002C4KFH0 Great Cat. My first pair of Puma's. I do believe I picked the right one! Outstanding piece, both stylish and comfortable. Lots of complements from friends wanting to get a pair. Two friends already have!
B002C4KFKM Puma never disappoints I have never gotten a bad pair of Pumas in the past and these were no different. I love Pumas style they are always comfortable and they will get you tons of compliments. Don't hesitate to pick up a pair.
B002C4KG42 Puma is truly top shelf These are my favorite pair of Puma sneakers. These shoes are very comfortable, true size, and look great. Overall very satisfied. I can't wait to order a few more Puma Sneakers like these in different colors when their available in my size.
B002CVV7UW My favorite pumas For shoes of this urban style, these kicks have great arch support and soft soles! Can't say that for any Chuck Taylor's I've come across -.-Another thing is, because my feet flatten when I stand, shoes of this kind usually burst out the sides and look terrible. This pair was roomy enough without being considered 'wide.'Highly recommended, wish it were in stock on Amazon.
B002D7D2US Best shoes for my wide feet I bought these shoes as my feet are on the wide side.I normally have to try all pairs of shoes in a store before I can find a pair that fits the width of my feet. I have know that Puma carries a wider type of shoe for a while and was waiting for my old shoes to become worthless to try a pair.I tried a cheaper Puma model and it was still too tight so I ordered these online. Although when I first put them they were tight, to the point where I considered returning them, I took into account that the K-leather would stretch and wore them for a while around the house. After a while the shoe width adjusted and the following day the fit was much better.I am looking forward to play in them, unfortunately I got injured before trying them and will have to wait for a while now.Update:After less than a year of moderate use - I play soccer once or twice a week and have two pairs of cleats - the upper started separating from the sole at the outside front of my kicking foot. This is typically the shoe that suffers less stress from rotations and dragging on the ground.It is very unfortunate, the shoe fits like a glove, but I cannot afford to buy a pair of shoes that does not last one year of moderate use. My last pair of copa mundial (which I had to stop wearing because my foot widened) lasted five years and could probably go for five more years.I contacted customer services at Puma and while their initial response was encouraging, I have not heard from them after I submitted the information requested which include pictures of the shoe problem.I have contacted customer services several more times but I am yet to receive a reply.New update:After many attempts to contact costumer service I sent an e-mail to several departments of Puma's organization and got a coupon for the value of $75.00... or so I thought. When I tried to make a purchase using the coupon I was told it had already been redeemed. So it seems that they gave me a used coupon.I cannot believe this. Isn't Puma one of the biggest sport brands in the world?
B002ECFBUQ 3rd pair i hope they make this slip on shoe for the next several seasons!  yes change it up a bit,  but the fact that its slip on is the BEST!  my mom,  and sister loved the other two pairs i own so much the bought some too.
B002ECFTNA Good Shoe with Some Flaws This is my second pair of this particular shoe.  I am pretty hard on shoes, as I wear these all day at work and run in them as well.  They are extremely comfortable and break in quickly, which is great.  The main problem I had with the Voltaic 2 was that the sole started coming off within weeks of purchasing them.  They were so comfortable that I gave them a second chance and this pair is wearing much better than the first.  I am 37 and have arthritis in my feet, so it is hard to find a good pair of shoes that feel comfortable at work and at play.  The Voltaic 2 is filling that need for me pretty well right now.
B002ECFTNA Great Shoe This is my 2nd pair of PUMA Voltaic's.  Extremely light and comfortable shoe....love the styling as well.  I am already thinking about purchasing another pair!  Shipping was easy and fast as well!
B002ECFTNA Puma's Hard to find locally as most stores only buy one pair or 10.5 wide shoes.  Ordered off Amazon vendor, same price as locally, shoe fits like a glove and weight about a feather but has great cush in the heel.
B002EENB6A Love these sandals! These sandals are awesome and so hard to find usually.  They are so comfortable, I wore my last pair out until they were paper thin.  Definitely worth the purchase.
B002EENBOW Very Confortable ... I would spent 8 hours straight wearing this pair of shoe that it would steel feel as confortable as the first minute. Great buy, very nice pair of shoe.
B002EENHFU Puma Mid's striking the right balance I grew up wearing Puma's when they were symbol of "cool" worn by Walt "Clyde" Frazier. Clyde and Joe Namath were star athletes and babe magnets back in the day. I digress; I bought these shoes for my 12-yr old son. Whereas other kids are wearing Nike, this son of mine has always been different. This is not his first pair of Puma's. I have bought him the suede's too but at his age, they get destroyed very quickly. He likes these shoes because of the styling not for their athletic stability. I own a pair of the low-tops in white. Really good looking too. The thing about Puma is they run a half-size small.  This has been consistent issue for the past 2-years. So my son who has a normal 9-shoe; is in a 9.5 in this shoe. That is my big caution; plus it up about a half size and get your cool on! As for that last line; that's just between us; my son is already embarrassed enough by my attempts at retro-cool....
B002EENI40 AWESOME shoes Aside from being extremely comfortable, these shoes are very well made and match GREAT with all types of clothes. I bought the black pair and am definitely going to buy the white pair too. AWESOME!
B002EENI40 My sixth pair in seven years These are my favorite everyday pair of kicks.  I get a new pair every year, even though I'll wear the previous pair until they're absolutely worn out!!  Love em!
B002EENI40 Great shoes I've always liked the look of Pumas and bought these when during a sales event. They fit exactly like my other Pumas and they feel very secure on my feet even though they don't have shoe laces. I noticed that the arches are slightly higher than my last pair of Pumas and they actually fit my foot better.
B002EENI40 Great Sneakers!!!!!!! The Puma El Rey Cross are a great pair of sneakers.  The fit is just right(not to big or small) and very comfortable to walk in on any surfaces.  I also like the leather exterior for increase durability.  Puma makes a great pair of sneakers and include the EL Rey in that long line of great sneakers.
B002EENI40 Yes and no Love the look and super comfortable. Got tons of compliments.But have never had a pair of shoes wear out so fast.Lining started wearing out within a month and then the sole cracked not long after that.Very disappointed as I expect better from Puma. Have had others last for years.
B002EENI40 Second pair! I love these shoes more than any other shoes I have ever bought! I wore my first pair constantly for 3 years before they started to get pretty banged up! Now i'm so excited to be able to start wearing these new ones again! They are comfy, stylish, and durable!
B002EENI40 My favourite pair of shoes. I place a lot of importance on shoes - since I don't own more than a few pairs at a time, I wear them frequently. As a result, I have to make sure each pair is great (unlike t-shirts, where if I have a couple of ugly ones it's no biggie since I wear them once a month at most).The Puma El Reys are terrific. They look real stylish, and you will get compliments. The black band across the top gives them flair and "uniqueness", without looking overly designer-douchey - important to me, since although I like looking good, I'm not a fashion dandy-type and don't want to appear as if I'm trying too hard. In white w/ the black band (the ones I got), they'll fit all casual outfits (I imagine the black/black or black/grey ones will do the job when trying to class things up a bit; some of the suede ones look not even a step down from a designer (e.g. Gucci) sneaker, despite being a tenth of the price).This is my second pair; the other ones lasted two years (but that was with constant wear). They were out of my rotation for a year, but having got these again they look just as good. It's the first time I've bought a second pair of a particular shoe.They're definitely comfortable, and the fit's great. As other reviewers have mentioned, they run a tad (say just under half-a-size) small.  This didn't affect me, as I bought my first pair in-store and so knew exactly which size I needed when ordering online. One note: I guess if you have pretty wide feet, the two sides of the upper will spread wide under the band, which may not look so stylish (this is in regards to the M width).The other minor gripe: the "+" shaped perforations on the front half of the upper can look a bit beat up after some time, especially at the part where a shoe creases (i.e. where you bend your toes as your foot lifts off to take a step). Nevertheless, it's not something that'll make me take even a half-star off this review.
B002EENI40 Great Buy Absolutely thrilled with this buy. This is my 8th pair of pumas and they are amazing. Showed up on time and in perfect condition. The fit is perfect. Very very satisfied with this.
B002EENI40 Best PUMA! What can I say except these are the best sneakers I have ever owned.  I have had one pair for two years and they are still holding up great.
B002EENI40 2nd pair - most comfortable shoes ever Got a pair in cofee color a few months back, most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! Slip on and off easy. Been discontinued by Puma, grabbed this black pair before they disappeared for ever.
B002EENI40 My third pair of El Reys This is my third pair of El Reys in Cross Perf Leather. After about a month of use, the shoes feel just about the same in comfort as my older pairs. There is only one small difference as the mouth of the shoe feels a little bit looser below the ankle. It is definitely not a deal breaker though.
B002EENI40 Smaller than normal number Smaller than I thought. I have to buy another pair with bigger number since it is comfort. Donot want go thru the headache of return it.
B002EL39XS Perfect Puma's I bought this shoe for my niece and it looks amazing on her.  Every where she goes she gets complements for her Puma's.  I am planning on buying her another pair but in another color becuase it looks good.
B002EL3FXW shoozies! I actually bought these shoes for my daughters best friend for her first birthday and when they came I fell in love so I got a second pair for my own daughter! They're twins now. Lovely item. Very interested in other puma items for ages 12-18 month sizes. Shes a 5 now.
B002EL3KQE Repeat Buyer We just bought our son his second pair of these shoes.  He's 4 1/2 and his first pair lasted for a year and a half until he outgrew them.  The light up part of the shoes quit working after about 16 months, but my little guy didn't mind at all.These shoes are adorable.  We get lots of comments when he wears them and he loves them!
B002EL3KQE Cute, but poorly made I bought 2 pairs of these for my 2 daughters.  One pair all but disintegrated within a 2 month window.  The glue on the sole apparently was not very uniformly applied, allowing the tread to easily pull away.  The Velcro straps also frayed very quickly making them difficult to remove without damaging the strap further.  In contrast the other pair did hold up much better, but still a frustrating purchase.
B002EL3KQE Great Shoes!  Stylish, light-up a hit, flexible - well loved! Since my 5 y.o. received these shoes in February, it has become his everyday pair of choice!  He of course loves the velcro, the look, and the light-up skeleton puma action!  I as a Mom and Chiropractor love that the shoes are not only well-made, but fairly flexible.  Of course, the white is no longer 'white', but pretty mud-stained!  A darker pair would probably hide the inevitable dirt that a 5 y.o. is likely to find!  But if they could be kept a little cleaner, the white would have been a 5-star!
B002EL3KQE Great shoe Our son outgrew his last pair of Pumas so we replaced them with the larger size.  As soon as they hit our doorstep and we helped our 2 year old unbox them, he wanted them on his feet immediately.  They are his new favorite shoe.  He will just jump in place and watch them light up.  I just hope the batteries last a long time because he's making sure to test them.  Oh yes, and they fit perfectly too.
B002EL3KQE attention catchers i bought 2 pair for my toddler, 1 for daycare and the other pair for when we go out.  everyone that see them love them!!!!!!
B002EL3KQE Cool shoe! This is beyond what I expected when I ordered the pair of shoes.  The colors are vibrant and my daughter loved them!  Thanks!
B002EL3KQE Very Pretty These sneakers are so adorable. The first pair was a bit too snug so I returned it for a larger size. I received the replacement in two days before I even send the old pair.
B002EL3KQE My 3 year old loves the lighted shoes... ..and I love the urban style. I bought his first pair PUMAs last year from a department store. I liked how they held up under toddler abuse so his next pair was via amazon. They fit securely. The sole inserts slip out to help you verify sizing- I think they run a tad small, but not by a whole half size.  The shoes light up the pumas with his stomps as expected.
B002EL3KQE Excellent Shoes I have been looking for a cool pair of Puma's with straps for a VERY long time. I'm so happy that I found this shoe for my son.  The design is adorable!
B002EL3KQE Be careful of the material choice My son loved these shoes. But after only 4 hours of wearing them to preschool the orange on the toes starting to crack and splinter. I returned them and bought another pair with a suede toe instead and they are holding up much better! He wears them all the time. Unfortunately the material on the orange and black ones was not very good quality.
B002EL3KQE My son and I love these shoes!! This is the second pair we bought! :)My four year old fell in love with them last April, when we saw them at a big store. The Pumas light up blue with each step, so of course they are very cool! Good leather, nice look! Unfortunately he could only wear them for about 4 weeks, then it got too warm and all you could wear were sandals. He was so sad when he found out in late September that he grew out of them. So when I saw they were on sale I bought him a new pair! Can't wait to see his face when he sees them! :)
B002EL3KQE Our favorite! These pumas definitely run at least 1 size too small. Our daughter has slender feet and these fit perfectly, although I am sure they would fit a regular foot well too. Our first pair was all scratched up in about 3-4 months and the pumas didn't light up after a month, but our girl is rough on them and they were still our favorite. Now I sized up 2 sizes and they are awesome and our tree climber is watching them a bit more, so they will last longer :)
B002EL3KQE very happy with these! My daughter always wanted a pair of light up shoes but the ones I've seen look like they'd give some one a seizure, they light up so much! So I got her these and I love them & so does she! I've ALWAYS liked Puma anyways but she's gotten many compliments on these, mostly from adults.
B002EL3KQE My son loves these shoes These shoes fit perfectly and are comfortable for his wide foot. He calls them his fast runners and is on his 2nd pair of these because of growing out of the first pair.
B002EL3KQE Second pair for my growing boy This is my second pair of the Speeder Puma's. My son loves the light up Puma when he stomps or kicks his feet. They are easy to get on and off, durable and don't get very dirty. This is the second pair I've bought for him since I really like this shoe!
B002EL3KQE Order one size up These are the fifth pair of Puma's I've ordered for my four year old. They always look clean and last until she outgrows them. Great for children with flat feet.
B002EL3KQE sneakers exactly what I expected.I loved the lighting on the sneakerwould recommend to others it is a great pair of sneakers.
B002EL3LZE Good looking and good quality shoe My daughter has been in these same kind of shoes for 2 years, we just keep getting the next size.  They are really sleek looking shoes, much different to the bulky styles of Nike and Reebok.  They are a great sports shoe as well.  Easy to move in and very comfortable.  They always last all the way until my daughter needs the next size.  We've never had to buy another pair because of wear and tear and she wears them EVERY day.
B002EL3LZE Happy with my choice Value for money.  Highly recommend this product.  This is my second pair in another size for my son.  Think I will just continue to buy the next size up!!
B002EL3MCQ Love these shoes My son (3 years old) got these as a Christmas gift.  He looked so styl'n in them.  They fit great and the compliments he got were constant.  I would get another pair with no hesitation.
B002EL3MCQ GREAT Finally, a pair of sneakers my girl will wear and not destroy in a matter of weeks. We'll be ordering these again.
B002EL3MCQ I love these Puma's! I bought these for my 5 year old because I wanted a pair of shoes that he could put on by himself with ease. These are great shoes! They are easy to put on, durable, flexible, and very easy to clean. I am very satisfied and will definatley be buying another pair when he wears these ones out.
B002EL3MCQ Very Good Have had these before for my daughter and always buy a new pair as she grows. I like that they can match most anything she's wearing and I like that they are flexible.
B002EL3MCQ excellent These are my son's and daughters second pair each, they fit perfectly and are super comfortable for running and playing.  They love the velcro straps as well.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe! Good toddler shoe! Fits well and lasts. This is our second pair. My son grew out of his first pair. He wore them everyday and they still looked brand new.
B002EL3MCQ love them great looking pair of shoes that fit just right. only complaint is that the tongue of the shoe digs into my sons ankle somewhat
B002EL3MCQ good and functional Have had these before for my daughter and always buy a new pair as she grows. I like that they can match most anything she's wearing and I like that they are flexible.
B002EL3MCQ Fussy Feet Very comfortable pair of sneakers according to my two year old who would not take them off. She wears them everywhere and I like the sporty look.
B002EZZRW0 Comfortable Puma's I had bought a pair of Puma's in Turkey a few years ago and I love them so I ordered this pair online. They were comfortable but they were made differently then the ones I bought abroad. This pair was not made as well as the original pair although they are comfortable and time will tell if they will last as long. Also I ordered a size 6 but should have ordered a 5 1/2 which is a little weird b/c I also ordered the Puma clog in a 6 and it fit perfect. Over all, the shoe is a little different then what I expected but is still a nice looking show and a good fit.
B002H4419S Great running shoes I recently fell in love with Puma's. I bought a pair for work because my shins hurt from standing too long and the shoes really helped so I bought another pair for running and when I get done with my 4 mile run, I feel great! My ankles don't hurt, my shin doesn't hurt and my hip doesn't hurt. It is amazing what a pair of shoes can do for you!
B002KAOKQS Nice!!! These are my favorite pair of shoes... I love them... Very comfortable and best of all they are easy to keep clean.
B002KAOLGC Exactly what I ordered This shoe is comfortable and versatile. I had ordered these shoes in the past but my rescue tore up the last pair, so it was easy to find and order again.
B002KAOLGC Love puma I recently bought  a jogging suit in black and I could not find the right sneakers until I saw this pair it fits true to size very comfortable to wear
B002KAOLGC Love Pumas This is prob my 4th pair of this style of puma's and for a casual comfortable stylish shoe for the price it doesn't get any better they arrived on time fit like any other pair I bought in a store and have 0 complaints
B002KAOLGC Great shoes This shoes are awesome, what a style, so soft and really light I just love them as I can I'll buy another pair like this :)
B002KAOLGC Puma Leather Sneakers Nice quality, very good price, just as described. These shoes are very comfortable. Will purchase another pair to have as a backup.
B002KAOLGC love these shoes I bought my first pair about a month ago and this is my 8th pair since then.  They are comfortable and they arrive very quickly.
B002L4UWCY Shoes very uncomfortable don't let the high price tag fool you, this is not one of puma's best shoes. I bought a pair and they are very uncomfortable. They have no cushioning (the cell part doesn't work), and they have started to fall apart only a couple months after I first used them. I would suggest another shoe because this shoe isn't worth $50, let alone $100+.
B002LH4RMM Great Puma's I really like these shoes. They are so comfortable. I am thinking of getting another pair in black as i tend to get the white ones too dirty. It's a great shoe and the size was just right for me.
B002LH4SF8 AWESOME SHOES WHEN I FISRT SAW THESE PUMA'S I WAS LIKE I HAVE TO GET THEM, THEY WERE CONSIDERED A WANT BUT IT HAS TURNED INTO A NEED~!!! LUV EM AND I THINK I NEED ANOTHER PAIR BUT DIFFERENT COLOR MAYBE BLACK.
B002LH4SOO comfortable I really like these flip flops.. they are really comfortable, these are my second pair, I got them to go on vacation.
B002LQJSJ0 Comfy & Stylish I've been wearing these for about 2 months now. They are light and comfortable. There's not much padding in the sole, so I wouldn't walk or stand in them for too long a duration, but otherwise, I'd recommend purchasing a pair.
B002LVV0WI Excellent for a workout or jog Although these shoes are a little expensive, they are worth it.  The offer a wide area near the front of the shoe; but also provide great side and heel support.I wear one pair to the gym and I have another pair to run/walk outside.  I like the fact that they have a bright reflective area on the side for night time walks.In the past, I did not think it was necessary to buy a more expensive athletic shoe, but I can really feel a difference with this pair.
B002QHW56M Great buy, cool sneaker. Was trying I find a pair of  classic kicks to wear around. A bit harder to find than expected. Thanks to Amazon and LabeLust I was able to get what I was looking for without paying extra. Will return next time for a pair I running sneakers.
B002RFXH88 Puma Men's soccer cleat I bought these for my grand son as a Christmas gift after he had asked me for a $200 pair of which I thought was ridiculous to pay for a pair of shoes. He loved these which I believe were around $50 when I bought them!
B002SSUUN4 Best shoes ever! Puma speeders are seriously the best shoes I have ever owned. This is my second pair and they are just as comfortable as the first.
B002SSUUN4 3rd Pair This is my third pair of Speeder Pumas in 10 years.  I can't say enough good things about them. Thankfully, the quality and fit have not diminished over the years.  Puma has other casual sneakers that look similar in style to this one, but I really favor what the Speeder is made of.  I love how light and flexible the materials that it's constructed of are.  I owned my first two pairs while living in NYC - I wore them daily, where I easily walked at least a few miles in them everyday.  They proved to be super comfortable and pretty durable too.  GREAT shoe, highly recommend it.
B002SSUUN4 Just Okay These looked super cute online, so I decided to give them a try. I personally found them to be very stiff and flat. After wearing them around my living room for about 5 minutes, I could see that they weren't going to work for me. I returned my pair. The return was quick and easy, no complaints. I then ordered a pair of Puma Anjan, which were much more comfortable/padded. I would not recommend Puma Speeders.
B002U0KKXK Best Underwear I've ever owned Got these last week and I couldn't be more pleased.  Hands down the best pair of underwear I've ever owned.  I will buy 6 more so that I can wear a pair every day of the week.
B002U0KL0C Just love em I was lucky enough to find these at a discount store at a Great savings. (who in the ---- would ever pay $24 a pair for underware) But I must say they are the best shorts I've ever owned. (I buy a lot of undies, kind of a collecter LOL) Would highly recommend IF the price is right.
B002U0KL7A White and Navy I purchased the red and black pair first, and actually liked them. So I decided to purchase the White and navy pair second. Now after having both pair the red and black pair is starting to fall apart, with the thread and the material. I dont understand why though. Now the white and navy pair has more support, its thicker and so far the material is far more greater. If you purchase these although I think the red & black looks better, get the white and navy the quality is much better.
B002WC8740 Great Shoes! A must buy. This pair od shoes is awesome all the way around. Love them! if you are thinking about getting a pair, DO!!!
B002YD8KIK Super comfortable These are more then worth the price.My boyfriend is super picky about shoes and he always insists on pumas or nikes these he wears all the time, he says they are super comfortable and very durable.He goes through a pair of shoes every couple months these are 2 months old and still just as amazing as when he first got them.
B002YX0XHQ My second pair I love these shoes so much, I wore out one pair, then I searched for another pair and bought them.
B002Z12RU8 My daughter purchased these shoes for herself My daughter purchased two pair of the same shoes, but in different colors.  I guess she likes them.  She wears then often.
B002Z12SV6 Walked all over New York in These I went to New York over the summer and wanted to buy a pair of flats.  My cousin had these in the lavender color and I loved them so much I bought a pair in the black.  My feet were in heaven.  I was wearing gladiator sandals all over town and needed a break...these were perfect.  They are very light weight, matched with most of my outfits casual and sporty.  The bottom soles have a great grip as well.  Walking at least 7 miles a day...my feet were not mad at me because I had these shoes!  Highly recommend!
B0030BFBUK best sneakers I've ever owned! Lightest, most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned!  These shoes are extremely light and breathable.  I use them at the gym and running errands.  I've had them for 4 months and they have held up well.  I love them!  I'm ordering another pair!
B00336EYTG So Comfortable OMG!  I bought the black pair for me to go with my tricot track suit and the white/pink pair for my daughter for my daughter to go with her velour track suit..... they are so comfortable, stylish and made our outfits a hit, I Love Them!
B0036FT8WM Looking great! I bought these to replace the exact same pair that were worn out after 2 years.  Love them!!  Shipper was super fast and product was exactly as described
B0036FT9VW Puma sneakers These shoes are extremely comfortable and very stylish. I've never owned a pair of Puma's and was a little worried about ordering the shoes since I had never tried a pair on. Definitely a good buy.
B0037KMPVW Fits true to size, super comfy, great 'day' shoe I didn't end up keeping the silver color but have another pair in black that I love.  The first wearing I wasn't sure they would be comfortable but by the second time I put them on they fit perfectly and haven't given me any problem.  Nice casual weekend shoe..  bought true to size..
B003EE49MY Nice shoe This was my first pair of sneakers that I ever owned. I normally athletic or running shoes but these were very comfortable! I went online and looked for cool lacing ideas and it makes my shoes look different than everyone else. I'm happy with my Pumas they're comfortable and stylish.
B003EE49VA Very comfortable! This is my second pair of these shoes. I bought these as a replacement for when my current pair wears out. They are one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. They do run small though. I purchased a half size larger than I normally wear. I have been wearing these for over 2 years and they are still in good shape. I highly recommend these and get compliments on the looks of them all of the time. Mine are the black ones.
B003EE49VA Not a good buy This is my 8th pair of Puma's.  WOULD NOT recommend these.  They are cheaply made they run a size smaller.  I would NOT buy another pair of these in this style.  THEY ARE UGLY~!
B003EE6F6C Haven't met a pair of Pumas I did't like Pumas are the best sneakers for kids feet. These are soft, flexible and light weight. I have purchased these for my son since he was a baby and they were are great then as they are now and he is 5. The velcro is an plus, east on easy off.
B003EE7NMW Fancy look, but poor quality I've really liked this ferrari labeled shoes when first saw it, but when I put them on I've got a Pair of shoes with right one smaller than the left one & both of them smaller than size on label about half a point!! Plus they very tiny & not very comfortable to wear:( Never own Puma sneakers before that & that one really done them for me. Not recommended!!!
B003EE7SSQ Wonderful I love them but keep in mindTHEY RUN SMALLI am usually a 7 to 7 1/2 and I had to return the first pair I bought (7 1/2) because they were way too small. The 8 was still very snug at first but after wearing them a few times they fit like a dream.
B003EE7SSQ Awesome and comfortable shoes! I wanted to give my wife something she would love to show, Once she was on the computer looking at stuff on AMAZON, she showed me these pair of PUMA... I decided to give them to her and, well, she was right, It was an excellent purchase!
B003EE7TSU GREAT shoes These are my second pair of casual driving shoes. The first pair i got were the DC Chicane driving shoes. After wearing those just once and having done so for the last 9 months, i can no longer drive with shoes that weren't designed for driving. So be warned, you will be spoiled.This brings us to this pair of PUMAs. I absolutely love them. fantastic to drive with and a great shoe for going out in. Do note though, as with all driving shoes, they are designed to be tight fitting, so i suggest buying a 0.5 - 1 size larger than you would normally. I got a 0.5 size larger and they fit perfectly
B003EE7XGS Great casual sneakers for kids. I'be owned three pair in my life and love these shoes. I was surprised to see them for kids had to get them.
B003EE9GYU killer kicks These shoes are awesome.  Never got more compliments on a pair of shoes in my life.  The ONLY negative thing (and it's my fault cause I walk a lot is that the back of the heels wore down quicker than I wanted them to but I'll buy a new pair soon anyhow.  GET THESE SHOES!
B003EE9O4W shoes very nice and my great grandaughter loves them. I will remember you when I need another pair.  Thank you kindley
B003EE9O4W A good looking pair of sneakers Very simple and brightly colored sneakers.  They are quite comfy too as per my boy.  I liked the valcro too.  So much easier to put on and take off.
B003EE9O4W Great Little Kicks LOVE these... My son started walking recently so he needed a sturdy pair of sneakers for when we are out and about...He is 13 months old now and has been wearing these for about a month.  They are easy to get on and off and provide the support that his little tootsies need... Also, the color combination is surprisingly neutral enough to work with most of his outfits.
B003EE9O4W Love the color This is the second pair i get for my little boy 4 years old different color, design is awesome, i think they run a little small.  First pair only fitted for about 2 months.
B003EE9O4W Great fit These are perfect for very active kids. I've never had a pair fall apart. I bought 4 additional pairs for when he outgrows this size.
B003EE9O4W Excellent pair! My son wear them like he always use shoes. They are very  comfortable, it is what we see when he walks (or try to). Good materials.
B003EE9O4W Great Tennis Shoe No complaints from toddler son on these tennis shoes, true to size & clean up great when they get dirty. His last pair of puma tennis shoes lasted great (looked like new still) & were passed on to little brother, so came back for another pair!
B003EE9P14 I love these shoes. I had a pair of Pumas for 6 years and wore them out after wearing them almost everyday. I chose to make these my new pair, and I love them. They are very stylist, and comfy. When I first started wearing them, they were really stiff, but once I broke them in they were fine. They do tend to run a half size larger than they say they are, but I usually put inserts into my shoes anyway and they take up the extra space.
B003EEBB16 Great pair of shoes I love Puma. They make a quality product. Though they tend to be on the expensive side, they are worth it. The past 2 pairs of shoes I have owned are Puma. The first pair I have had for approximately 3 years now and are still in good shape. I bought the Rio Racer to replace those. I liked the casual look and knew that they would last a long time. When they arrived, I didn't much care for the semi-glossy like strip on the side. I could not decipher that on the site, but it has grown on me. When I tried them on, they were just a bit snug, as you might expect with a new pair of shoes. They quickly loosened up and are insanely comfortable. I walk around all day on campus, and they give plenty of support. They also look amazing. I like to wear them with jeans and a nice hoodie or dress or button-up shirt; a real confidence builder. Shoes play a larger part in first impressions than one would think. I tuck the laces inside because I don't like the look of tied shoes, and they stay on fine. I'm thinking about replacing them with dark purple laces; just my personal preference. I do tend to sweat a bit, but I don't think that has much to do with the shoe so much as the activeness of my glands and perhaps the socks I wear. Overall, I would definitely buy these again. They provide comfort, style, confidence, and all at a great price. I was debating between this shoe and an Adidas shoe. The determining factors were experience with Puma and price. The adidas were going to be about $20 more expensive after shipping. Being less expensive and knowing that the Pumas would last years, I decided to go with them. I definitely recommend you try this shoe or any Puma product.
B003EEBFI0 Flexible for little feet I love puma shoes for my little ones. We purchased the pink for our girls. Super cute. This will be the 4th pair of pumas we have gotten them. Each has always worn very well for our oldest, and has been passed down to our youngest, still in great condition. The flexible, yet supportive and protective soles seem to be the best thing for little awkward feet gaining momentum. We have 2 kids wear each pair, so the prices on Amazon have been very effective for us given the durability and adorable design. I will keep buying pumas for my girls from Amazon.
B003EEBGQQ great shoes for the gym I already have 1 pair of these PUMA TURIN PERF  shoes and this is my second pair soon to be delivered , I love these shoes for the gym they give me awesome support , are very comfortable and look great. The first pair I bought are grey/blck and they look very cool. I had in the past tried on very expensive weightlifting shoes and find these PUMA TURINS comparable to weightlifting shoes and highly recommend them to all serious weightlifters/bodybuilders. Hard to beleive how inexpensive these shoes are for the satisfaction that you will receive in wearing them and using them for serious weightlifting and other uses as well.
B003EEBGQQ Very comfortable Second pair, love these shoes for my daily walks.  No break in time, they fit my feet perfectly I highly recommend
B003EEBGS4 Great buy, comfortable and solid. This is my second Repli Cat pair. I prefer them to the thinner and carved sole because they're more comfortable to walk with. The design looks great, and they are true to size. Can t complain!
B003EEBGS4 Puma Women's I bought these Pumas for my daughter and hesitated buying them on line, because we could spend a whole hour trying different models, but she insisted that the last pair of pumas she had were incredibly comfortable. Well she is just as satisfied, they fit perfectly! She highly recommends them!
B003EED8VM Poorly made The first pair I bought developed a tear in the upper leather right at the toe - the seam split after a couple uses. I had thought maybe it was a defect, as there isn't a lot of overlap between the two leather pieces where it is sewed. I returned them and got a second pair. On the first use this pair did the same thing. It is not an issue of the shoe being too small, either, as there is quite a bit of room between the from on my toes and the tip of the shoe; they are just poorly made/designed.
B003EEH7NM Great shoes We bought these for our 3-year old daughter. They fit perfectly for the size and they are very comfortable. She had a pair of this model before and they lasted for a long time. They seem very durable so they are worth the price.
B003EEH7NM Fell apart after less than a month of use! The soles actually just came off.  Bought a pair that lasted a while (6 months) and then decided to buy a replacement which fell aprt in 3 weeks.
B003EEH7NM On my second pair I love all the puma selections. These are the secondpair that I have ordered for my son. I get the best complimentson his shoes. He wears them till he grows out of them and they last.He is two years old so he plays hard.
B003EEH7NM not good for a 7 yars old I purchased 2 pairs of this. 1st broke after a 14 days and the second the next day from a day of purchase. I guess it is some kind of wrong design because both pair broke same way.
B003EEHAHA Stay at Home Mom I love puma sneakers but this pair looks alot different in person than online. I was going to return them but decided  save myself the hassle and have my son wear them in the back yard during the summer when we have more activities back there instead......
B003FZ9DXW Just as wonderful as it looks This is my 4th pair of flat pumas ( I own 11 pairs of pumas) and these are probably my favorite pair. Really good quality, I do recommend waterproofing the suede though. Super comfortable and very fashionable.
B003FZ9TYA Fantastic Driving Shoe i bought these to drive in, and there fantastic, makes heal toe shifting etc really easy. i love them they are comfortable and so far have lasted a bit, only down fall is the flat bottom with little grip provides issues when it rains, but thats a small complaint. would buy another pair.
B003FZFTA8 LOVE Got back to work at an office after working in a warehouse.  I wanted comfortable shoes that would look good with slacks or on casual dress days.  I also knew I would be doing a lot of field work.  Love these.  Sooooo comfortable and cute!  I will be buying another pair!
B003FZGOC0 Best Sneakers I've Ever Owned!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! True to size and SO comfortable.  I've always bought Nikes in the past but after my last pair started to come apart, I bought Pumas instead.  I didn't have to break mine in at all.  They came three days earlier than expected.  I can honestly say that I'll buy Puma from now on because I LOVE these sneakers.  I can't wait to go jogging in them!
B003FZGOC0 woman Puma shoes These are the best puma shoes they have even came out with I love them when I bought my first pair that has been a year ago and still in good shape so when I seen these I had to buy them:) so please send me info on them when you have a sale on them ... Thanks
B003FZGOC0 Just ordered my second pair I love this shoe! My other pair lasted 5 years, definitely a great investment. They're very comfortable and easy to wear all day.
B003FZJWW4 Great pair of trainers! The shoes were as I expected - stylish and comfortable. As other reviewers have noted, Puma's sizes run small so I opted for a half size bigger than what I would ordinarily get. The shoe fits almost perfectly, and I have certainly enjoyed wearing a pair of shoes that fit well and are stylish too. They practically go with anything and are great for anything from walking the dog to being a casual pair of trainers for a night out.
B003FZJWW4 Love my Pumas This was my first pair of Pumas, and I have to say that I am a huge fan.  I drive a lot, and these are easily the best driving shoe I have ever owned.  Look good around the office too.
B003H6DC8G Puma Ladies Runner 3 pair Excellent socks, very nice, beautiful colors, good quality. Received on time.I am very happy with this purchase,I'll buy other pair in different color very soon.
B003LJXZ5O Nice set of sweats I was pleased with this purchase.  I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another pair of these when the time comes.  I've only worn them for a month so don't know how durable they will be but I don't anticipate a problem.
B003LY4NK0 Great value and looks! I ordered these shoes and a pair of Adidas shoes (same price) with the objective of keeping only one pair as a Christmas gift for my husband. After comparing them I decided to keep the Puma shoes, as they look bolder and more original.
B003LY4OGS About to order my 2nd pair I have owned this pair of shoes for 2 or 3 years now (it's been so long I don't remember exactly). They are very comfortable, very easy, they go with EVERYTHING, and I have nothing bad to say about them. The Puma stripe or whatever you want to call it is just starting to come off on the very edges, but I have been wearing this pair of shoes almost exclusively for 2-3 years. I'm glad Amazon has them...I'm ordering my 2nd pair now!
B003LY4TG8 The best trail shoe yet! I have a pair of these that I got a few months back and am buying a second pair as a Christmas gift to myself! They are so comfortable, improve stability, great traction, I can't say enough about them. I wear them everywhere!
B003LY4XLY Best cheap pair of boots Almost two years of use and these cleats are soooooo comfy. break in period is short. great cleats. I wear size 10 shoes normally, I went with 9.5 for a snug fit.
B003MAJWCW Cant find the right fit Puma shoes must just run completely irregular.  I have a fav pair that are a womens 7.5.  They fit great.  I bought these and they are wayyy too big.  I have recently purchased another pair of puma's.  The size 7's were huge.  So I returned those and ordered 6 1/2 big kids.  Also too big.  What the heck lol.  It doesnt even make sense!  I love how the shoes are so light weight and low cut, but finding a fitting pair has become a challenge.
B003MAJWCW Pumas Shoes started to have creases in the front after just one day of wearing them. They are a bit uncomfortable but maybe that's because I have to break them in still. However they did leave me blisters on the back of my heel :( These are my first pair of pumas. Next time I'm looking for a pair of tennis shoes I'll just go with Nike. They are way more comfortable
B003MAJWCW PUMA for life This is my 3rd or 4th pair of PUMA's and I love them.  I am on my feet a lot and honestly I find these sneakers more comfortable than a pair of Nike's or other running/walking shoe.  I also really like how you can get PUMA's in a bunch of other colors.  I chose black this time because I wanted something that wasn't going to show a lot of dirt or scuff marks.  This shoe and most PUMA's would probably appeal to someone who doesn't need a lot of ankle support.  Overall, I was happy with the fit (true to size), color, and quality of this shoe.  Can't wait to add to my collection!
B003MAJWCW Not the Puma I'm used to I always wear 8 1/2 in every pair of puma's I've owned. But this pair made my foot look like a ski and it was much too large. It's also even more narrow that they usually are. Now I'm patiently waiting for my refund.
B003MAJWCW Looks good, but I read the reveiws on this shoe and decided to purchase a pair. I ordered 1/2  size larger and the shoes were loose and gapped off my feet around the sides. I really liked the shoe; lightweight and pretty. But they did not look right on my feet. If you purchase these shoes try your size. I have wide duck feet, but should have tried on a pair before purchasing. The problem was strictly my fault.
B003MAJWCW puma ...classic shoe great fit Fave shoes recently purchased to get back into working out after an ankle injury. Love these shoes, have about 4 pair.
B003MAJWCW Love my Pumas! I'll start by saying I like shoes that make a statement, and I've always wanted a pair of Pumas. These have lived up to everything I thought they would be. Durable (for a mom on the go), lightweight, versatile, yet make a statement. Will definitely buy again!
B003MAJWCW My second pair!! Love them! They are a fantastic pair of sneakers to wear around town. Especially with a pair of pants that's to short for a shoes with a higher sole!
B003MAJWCW Great for the Price Was looking for a replacement pair of pumas without having to pay the same amount. These were perfect and I love the color!
B003MAJWCW Great! This shoe arrived before the marked time frame. All original packaging, and exactly as expected from a new pair of shoes. Its exactly as order for a reasonable price.
B003MAJWCW perfect! Awesome, 3rd pair for me and will be my next pair as well. Clean easy, and have a narrower fit. I wear a size 10 so most shoes look like clod hoppers. Not these.
B003MAJWCW Very Satisfied I bought these for my daughter as an Easter gift and she absolutely loves them!!  These are her second pair of Pumas and I believe she is hooked.  Buying her another pair to put away for school next yr.
B003MAJWWW Very comfy This is the first pair of Pumas that I've owned since high school.I was worried about buying them online, having not tried on Pumas in 15 years, but I found they are true to size.I'm not in love with the silver of these shoes, but they reflect in headlights when I'm walking my dog at night, so at least that's a bonus.They are very cushy and comfortable. Took a day or two to break them in, but after that, they fit perfectly.
B003MAJYTS Problems at first I purchased these shoes and within two days where the lace holes are attached to the shoe had completely came unstitched from the leather. I emailed amazon and they sent me a new pair before I could even get the old pair back in the mail. The new pair are very comfortable and no problem so far.
B003MAJZWO Disappointed Was looking for new running shoes and had another pair of pumas so I tried these. Very little ankle support when running and the shoes themselves are shorter than the usual shape of a sneaker. Try another pair. Wasn't for me.
B003MSMI2K Look and feel great! I'm stylin' on the course now with these shoes.  Very comfortable and nice grip.  Get yourself a pair of these now!
B003MSMI2K Great product, great price!! My boyfriend golfs a lot and he has a blak pair already but wanted a white pair. We've had a really hard time finding a nice white pair and these were perfect!! We couldn't find them anywhere else and this was also a great price!
B003PJ7J5C awesome These are the most comfortable shoes I have owned.  I purchased these shoes back in 2010.  The still fit,feel and look great.  These also have lasted the longest.  I am so glad I was able to fond another pair so I ordered them again!!! If u can find them they are definitely worth the money!!
B003R4ZVCI Best goddamn indoor shoes I've ever had. This is a late review. I've used this pair for years (I only play occasionally now) and they're still the best I've ever had. I wish I had discovered these earlier when I was more competitive.
B003S9VJU0 Great cleat This is our second pair of Puma 2.10s and we are very pleased with the quality and fit of the cleat.
B003S9VJU0 Bad Buy These cleats were a bad buy.  I bought them thinking PUMAs are normally really good cleats but these ones ripped in two weeks.  So I sent them back and got another pair and the second pair ripped in two weeks.  Waste of 80 dollars.
B003U892HG Great Shoe for Little Tike We got our son a pair of these Pumas several months ago and he has loved them from the start.  They have held up very well with his scraping and scuffing.  His eyes light up everytime we pull them out to put them on him.  About to order our second pair, as he's now outgrown the ones he has.  Quality and workmanship were remarkable for a little dude's shoes and they are apparently very comfortable, as he never complains for a second about wearing his "kitty cat shoes."  The velcro fasteners are awesome as well!
B003VDV2T6 Good company This company has been great to work with. I ordered a pair of the cleats , received them within days and had to return them because of sizing. Their customer service was friendly, professional and good communicating to the customer. They gave me the instructions to get the shoes returned. I then ordered the correct size and again had it in days, The return on the first pair was done quickly and the credit to my account also only took a few days. I have not had such a good experience with a company when ordering direct from them and not in a store situation.
B003ZW2FJO Too big. They don't fit. They are to big. I would be a lot happier if they were large. Have yet to receive my other pair.
B003ZW2FJO Puma sweatpants I was trying to get a pair exactly like some he loves but this was different.  Will keep trying.  The quality of Puma is outstanding!
B00416BRUQ Loved it... We loved this shoe, my daughter thought they were very comfortable!  We hoped to find another pair like them this year, but so far we have not been successful.
B00416BUK8 Kids Puma Future Cat Remix Lo V Sneaker I bought these shoes in pink for my 7-year old daughter and she absolutely loves them.  They are a very soft and flexible leather shoe with a nice cushiony padding on the inside--it almost feels like they have a gel-type padding.  She says they are very comfortable and the velcro closure is so convenient.  Aside from being comfortable, they look great.  These shoes look so much better in person than on your computer screen--definitely exceeded my expectations.  The shipping was fast also.  I would definitely recommend them, and intend to buy another pair--now my daughter wants the blue pair :0)
B00416BX64 BEST DEAL EVER!!!!! I got my self this shoes because my kid told me "his are so comfy"; sooooo true and I love them, and everybody give me great complements and I feel so proud to say, " I got them on-line " Thanks Amazon, I'm definitely buying another pair (different color):)
B0042ANAQA Well-made, comfy footwear, but a far cry from boring These are very cool. Retro and gorgeous. My husband loves this suede pair and says they are very comfortable compared to a pair of leather Pumas he owns, which are too stiff and narrow. Package arrived extremely quickly and item was exactly as described. Price was very reasonable, too. We took a lot of time to find just the perfect pair, and I'm very glad we ended up with these.  They are very sylish and look great!
B00439GBOS Helluva nice shoe! I bought these for my husband (I really liked them, wished they were mine!) for his birthday.  The fit was perfect, and they're an incredibly cool looking shoe!  He also says they're very comfortable.  Throw the great price into the mix, and it's a perfect combination!  Try a pair, but don't buy up all the 9 1/2's -- I want to buy him another pair!  = :-)
B00439GBOS Now a believer! I bought these for my husband as a gift because I have the same shoe in the women's version and love them. He only buys another brand usually and I've been trying to get him to try these for quite awhile. Now that he has these, he's bought a second pair to wear to the gym and wears the original ones for work. I love Pumas, and these shoes are super comfortable in the men's or the women's!
B00439GBOS Loved these shoes The shoes are excellent. Been wearing them for almost 2 years and just bought a second pair because they are getting old and going out of stock. Would definitely reccomend.
B00439GBOS Puma Vetara Just ordered my 4th pair of Puma Cell Vetara shoes.  I absolutely love them.  I bought my first pair a while back on a whim because I had 40% off so I figured what the heck, why not.  The shoe is great.  It is comfortable, stays true to the size, and looks good.  I wouldn't have purchased 4 pairs if I didn't like them.  I recommend them to anyone and everyone!
B00439GCEM Love these Had to exchange them for a smaller size and even still the smaller size is a little too big, but I didn't want to exchange again, so I'm happy with them.  The shoelaces in the first pair were really cool, and the second pair were kind of cheap, which I found really strange.
B00439GCEM What a great deal for great shoes! Even though I recently found out Puma was involved in animal testing, I still love these darn shoes! They're cute, comfortable and I wear mine almost every day just doing every day tasks. However, I will not purchase another pair due to the animal testing.
B00439GCEM Sharp shoe, great for those with skinny feet! I picked up a pair of these shoes in the white color with the yellow stripe. My youngest daughter borrowed them and liked them so much we bought her a pair in solid white. Then I saw these on sale and bought them in black. The interesting thing is that this pair runs a bit smaller than the other two. I am generally a size 9 to 9 1/2 and have very skinny long feet, the first two pairs fit great with a tiny bit of room at the end of the shoe bed. (Size 9 1/2). This pair (black suede) are shorter in the shoe bed. My toes just touch the end of the shoe when I am standing up. I haven't decided if I am going to keep them or exchange them for a size 10 yet. I will probably spend some time walking around the house to see if they bother or stretch out.All in all they are a very nice, light weight shoe for those with narrow feet. But the black suede does run about a 1/2 size small!
B00439GCEM 2nd pair These are just as comfortable as the 1st pair of Puma shoes that I have.  I like the slim style and look and they hold up well.
B00439GCEM Love this sneaker This is my second pair of Puma Soleil Suede sneakers.  The first pair was black.  I find them extremely comfortable.  I usually take a 9 in sneakers, but found 9 1/2 was a better fit.  Would recommend these to anyone who wants sneakers for walking, yoga, dancing or working out in a gym.
B00439GCEM Great! I've worn pumas for several years.  My new pair has lived up to my expectations.  The description provided online was accurate.
B00439GCEM Great Sneaker My feet are wide and it is hard at times to find shoes that are comfortable for me to wear. These shoes fit the bill. The suede is flexible and soft and contours to your foot. I originally bought them in brown and just ordered a pair in black because I love them so much!
B00439GCEM faded One of the shoes looked new the other one looked used the one shoe is super faded. Then they weren't the pair I wanted. To much of a Hassel to send back k and wait another week.
B00439GCEM Puma's fit me like a glove This is my second pair (one in gray and one in black). I love the cushion ball on the bottom of the sneaker that helps with softening the pressure on the ball of my foot.  They fit well. I would buy another pair in a heartbeat!!
B00439GCEM Love them! Love these shoes! Very comfortable... Nicely padded, true to size. Best pair of pumas that I own! I could honestly walk all day in them.... I would definitely reccomend these to anyone looking for a comfy stylish pair of sneakers!
B00439GCEM In love These my first pair of Puma shoes ever! I was always more of a Nike fan! Now I have added Puma! They are comfortable and look amazing!
B00439GCEM shoe love I have had the black pair for about a month now and I wear them everyday. I am desperate to buy them in brown but they aren't available in my size. These shoes are so comfy and sleek.
B00439GCEM Great shoe if you can get a pair that doesn't have defects I ordered 2 pair of these from Amazon. Both pair had defects such as glue or noticeably defective stiching so I sent them back. Then I ordered 2 pair from Zappos. Both pair of those had defects as well. I ended up taking a left shoe from 1 box, and a right shoe from the other to get a decent set (still a few minor defects). I was willing to accept these defects because the shoes are sooooooo comfortable. My opinion...Don't order online. Find a Famous Footwear or somewhere that you can actually see the shoes.
B00439GCEM I've never been a big puma fan but these tennis shoes are great! This is the first pair of Pumas I've ever bought and I'm so glad I did. They are comfy and look great on your foot. I'm definetly a Puma fan now!
B00439GCEM Beautiful shoe PUMA made another great shoe.  Problem is they run a little small.  For the experience of trying them on, I paid $8.00 to have them shipped to me and another $9.50 to ship them back through the USPS.Not fun.  Next time I will go to the PUMA store.  Didn't realize it would be so expensive to try on a pair of sneakers.
B00439GCEM A Cool pair of shoes This is a very confrontable shoe for all around activities.  Size is accurate so you shouldn't have any problems with fit.
B00439GCEM Great pair of fashion sneakers to wear them occasionally! What I noticed first was that the color is darker than in the pictures... Anyway it looks very nice!The other thing what called my attention at a first glance was the laces... Their texture is a bit strange, I don't know which material are their made of but it seems to be something synthetic... Also these laces are not as long as my other shoe laces... Anyway none of this things is a problem, they keep tied without any problems!Another thing that called my attention was that the sole is very thin but at least up to now that's not seem to be a problem!I always wear 8 or 8,5 so I ordered a 8,5 and the fit was perfect!After using them for a couple of weeks I can tell that:-They were a bit noisy at first but then the noise disappear (it was a bit annoying)-They are very comfortable but I don't recommend them for daily use or if you have to do long walks... One day I walked almost 4 kilometers and I got a blister on my foot (above my little toe) because of the friction with the shoe...-They are a bit narrow but it's ok!In summary I think that these are a great pair of fashion sneakers to wear them occasionally!
B00439GCEM Great! I love these shoes. They are very comfortable, even for my wide feet. I have a gray pair also and I wear them almost every day!
B00439GCEM Love them!! First I bought a brown pair because of all the good reviews and I liked the looks of them. I wanted the dark shadow but they were out in my size so I bought the brown ones. The reviews didn't lie, these are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. I went back and ordered the  gray ones, so now I own both the brown and gray and am so happy to have them.
B0043SD9BM NOT IN STOCK I was very disappointed that they no longer had this item in stock. I had ordered another pair along with these and the selling company was very accomodating with offering discount on another item or processing a return for me.
B0046ZRCR4 Great shoe This is the second pair of PUMA Hawaii XT sneakers we have purchased.  My son, a preschooler, wore the previous pair until they were too small, but they were far from worn out.  Great quality and materials.
B0049J57OM Great shoes, great quality First I think these shoes look good for being sneakers, and second they are very light.But the biggest pro for me has been the quality. I was going on a 5 month trip to South America and bought these right before. Daily walking for hours in cities, in deserts, in jungle, in mountains, running every now and then. These shoes has been used almost every day for 5 months and quite hard use too. I just got back home and they still look great. Will get another pair next time I'll get the opportunity. Good work!
B0049J57OM fit well and very light as always, this pair of puma shoes is very light and comfortable.  I have not used it much since it is winter here, but I believe I will wear it quite off in Spring.
B004DKQKFC Nice Item delivered on time. I must say this shoes feel great. this are smooth.If i need another pair, I definitely would buy again.
B004DN6GHQ THE BEST SHOE I EVER BOUGHT I was having a hard time deciding between these and a pair of Nikes.  My boyfriend was getting these and suggested I do the same so we "match" (we got different colors, don't judge :-).  It only took wearing them once to know I was in love.  I didn't want to take them off in the house they were so comfy....almost like a slipper!  It helps that I can just slide my foot in and the tongue doesn't get in the way as well.  The next day he wore his and later emailed me to say that they were like slippers (EXACTLY what I said the night before).  We both want to get another pair...heck, I want to get several so that I have each color and when its time for new shoes I wont have to worry about whether they still sale these!!!!!!
B004DSPKL4 Love Pumas I purchased these shoes for running/jogging over a year ago and they are still going strong.  Great support, cushioning and durability and I would never hesitate to buy another pair of these shoes....which i will be doing in a few months.  One of the best shoe purchases I ever made.
B004GB0TMI Amazing!!! The best pair of shoes I have ever owned. They're comfortible and fit perfectly. This is the first pair I've shoes I got that didn't start falling apart in the first week.
B004GB0TMI Great Shoe My husband has really bad feet and these shoes are great!  They are super soft and super comfy!  We will be buying another pair!
B004GB0WBQ Not for WIDE feet! I ordered a size 11 in women's for this pair of shoe. When I received them and tried them on the were very tight on the sides. I felt like I was going to lose circulation in my foot! Being stubborn I figured they would stretch being that they were partially leather. They did and now I wear them all the time. PUMA shoes are the most durable shoes I have ever owned. This pair was my second pair of PUMAS and I will continue to be a customer for years to come!
B004GB0XVA I like them Really like these shoes, I am on my second pair. It's what i was looking for. Comfortable just a great shoe overall.  I would definitely buy again
B004GB0XVA Like Slippers One of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have worn.  I have had other pairs of Pumas before, but these are the most comfortable, by far.  They feel like a pair of slippers on your feet.  I also like the coffee colour.  It goes well with casual wear.
B004GB11O8 Unimpressed Not the best pair of Pumas I've bought - and I've had many many pairs throughout the years. They were a bit wider than I would expect from Puma and the top part in front of the laces crinkled way too easily. Usually you can expect that after a couple months, but this happened right away. Now they look more worn than they should for their age.The overall design is nice, though, and is a pretty good shoe to wear casually. If you're thinking of getting these, I would recommend the red, blue, or green on white.
B004GB11O8 Looks good, feels better I bought these shoes for my wife who has arch issues and needs the support. She has nothing but high praise for them. That prompted me to buy a pair as well for myself and I love them too!
B004GB11O8 is that it? look some what cool. Not the most comfortable shoes I've owned. I probably will not be getting another one. These are the first Pumas that I have own and I'm not very impressed.
B004GB11O8 SIMPLY AWESOME! these sneakers are VERY comfortable for a work environment i wear these for work and some of my co workers mistook them for work shoes due to the sole design they go great with some Nike dri-fit socks all around great product i am going to buy a second pair for casual dressing!
B004GB11O8 I love these sneakers. I've always enjoyed PUMA products and this pair of sneakers are my favorite.I recommend these old school sneakers to everyone.
B004GB11O8 great value and perfect fit the shoes arived quickly very good looking fit just right try a pair you will not be sorry, Vender did well
B004GB11O8 So good I bought a second pair. These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. I liked them so much I bought a second pair because I wore the first ones out. May even buy them again when this pair wears out.
B004GB11Z2 Kid loves Pumas So have bought several pair.  always a hit.  the ease of getting them on and off is great.  If your kid is a skater boarder thought this may not be the best pair.  They will tear easy if dragged on the ground.
B004GB11Z2 I love these shoes! This pair is to replace another that I wore into the ground! They're actually very comfortable, and I LOVE that I can just pop them on to walk the dogs. I find that pumas run a bit small. I wear a women's 8.5, usually in men's I wear a 7 but definitely need a 7.5 in this one.
B004GB1242 Best shoes ever This is the third pair of Puma Whirlwinds that I've purchased, and for good reason. They are by far the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I purchased one pair about a year and a half ago and they were great, but after living in England for 6 months and walking 5-7 miles a day, the soles wore away pretty thoroughly. I bought another pair of black and as soon as I put them on I remembered why I loved them so much. A few days later I bought these to have a bit more variety in colors, and they've been fantastic so far. Hard to keep clean, but that's what you get when you buy white shoes I suppose.
B004GB1242 So light and comfortable I love these shoes... I bought them on a lightning deal and I wish I had bought another pair in a different color. They have already become my favorite pair of shoes. They are so light and comfortable. I can wear them all day and not have any discomfort.
B004GB1242 stylish and comfortable This puma is very comfortable and stylish.  Feels very light but has enough cushion for support.  Goes well with any pair of jeans.  I highly recommend these.
B004GB1242 packaging the package was too big so my courier charge me too much for just a pair of sneakers. The sneakers as good as always
B004GB1242 Great shoe, but... The positives: They are extremely light, they fit true to size, look great, and the pair I purchased were quite affordable.The negatives: They require certain conditions to wear, as they are made of suede and if you get them even slightly wet, the color on the stripe bleeds into the nylon, whatever socks you are wearing, and even your skin. To be fair though, a little once-over with a bleach pen removes the ink in the nylon (for the white and blue pair only) and dirt cleans out relatively easily.These were my first pair of nylon shoes so I wasn't quite sure how to take care of them, but learned very quickly after having blue feet for a while.
B004GB1242 This is my second pair and not because the first wore out! Comfy, retro and stylish. Everything I want from a shoe. That's why I bought a second pair for backup.The only thing not to like in my opinion, is having to go up a full size to get a pair to fit my feet. But apart from that I'd recommend.
B004GB1242 Comfortable and Stylish Great shoe only bad thing is they're hard to clean if you have a pair of light colored ones word
B004GB1242 Super comfortable This is the first pair of pumas ive ever owned, and I must say these are some of the most comfortable shoes Ive owned. The only reason I didn't give the product 5 stars (Is due to my own fault) is That I thought the toe and heal of the Shoe was Black, but in actuality they are actually Dark brown, But luckily enough I like brown too :)
B004GB1242 Stylish and Comfy Cliche title, but these are. Very comfortable to walk around in for the day and works with any pair of jeans.
B004GB1242 NIce foot This was a replacement pair of shoes for another B&W set of PUMAs.  Like their predecessors, they're perfect - comfortable, stylish and good for every day.
B004GB1242 Excellent shoes that look great I have a pair of these and highly recommend them. They look great, are really comfortable for walking and are very light weight. They don't have all that much support so you wouldn't want to wear these for playing sports like basketball or tennis but for everyday use they are excellent. I have wide feet and these do run a little narrow but after a little while they stretch out and are very comfortable. I would definitely get another pair.
B004GB1242 Quality This shoe fits perfect. Very good quality.  Will get another pair in the future along with other pairs of pumas.
B004GB1242 Puma Shoes My son likes the shoes so well that he is considering purchasing another pair in a different color!  Thannk you.
B004GB1242 I love these shoes! This is my second pair of whirlwinds. My last ones were had the black suede on the white. I wore the heck out of them and they are insanely comfortable. If you get colored suede it will bleed a bit, but I think it creates a good look. They look worn but not dirty. If you manage not to sweat too much in them or not get them wet, they probably won't bleed as much. I'll still wear the other ones, but this way I'll have a new clean pair too. I'll probably keep getting these shoes while rotating the colors around.I'm a little disappointed though that the suede isn't so much grey as a light tan. I'm still happy with them though since they go with pretty much anything.
B004GB1242 Who says they just don't build 'em like they used to??? Back in the day I owned a pair of these that had to be basically RIPPED off of my feet.Imagine my surprise in finding not only does Puma make these again but they actually both feel and look EVEN BETTER!
B004GB1242 worth it Looks good for the price. Better than a lot of other sneakers I have tried in the past.Goes well with a pair of jeans.
B004GB1242 A great pair of shoes I had a pair of the whirlwinds before i ordered these that i bought at the mall because i enjoyed them so much. the ones i had were blue so i ordered another pair of them here. although i noticed the ones i bought before were alittle darker blue then the ones here and has white cushioning and a clear or whatever you call it sole. but i love these the same. i hope they always keep these shoes because i could wear this same shoe for a long time. get these shoes if your interested they are great.
B004GB1242 Poor traction on wet surfaces I bought a pair of black Puma Whirlwind sneakers, liking how they looked and felt. But then we had a rainy day and I found myself nearly slipping several times, much more so than with any other pair of shoes I have owned. So there seems to be a design/quality issue with the outer sole of the shoe. For this reason, I would strongly advise against purchase. Worst of all, I posted a negative review along these lines on puma.com, only to receive a notice that my review had violated their guidelines.
B004GB1242 Favorite casual sneaker I've had a pair of Whirlwind's for the last year or so (the now-discontinued dark gray-orange combo) and they are probably the most comfortable sneakers I've owned. Very flexible material, doesn't constrict my feet, works fine with my arches, and is very light and breathable. And of course the style is timeless with that 70's era inspiration. I've owned a lot of Adidas, Puma, Nike and Diadora sneakers over the years and these are by far the most comfortable. My only complaint would be the white strip that runs along the bottom of the shoe gets dirty very quickly. I find myself cleaning them by hand every couple of weeks to keep them looking new, which in turns stresses the material and eventually causes tears. But it's a small price to pay. I like the Whirlwinds so much I just bought a second pair (dark denim blue) to replace my originals that are on their way out.BTW like most guys my size (6', 160lb) I wear a size 11, and that's exactly what I order these in and they fit perfectly.
B004GB1242 Comfy These are great shoes, so great that they're not my first pair! Very comfortable and the sole has a little bit more spring in it than other sneakers I've owned in the past. On that note because the nobby bits have a lower surface area than a "solid" sole these shoes will wear out quickly if you have a habit of scuffing your feet when walking.
B004GB12U6 Comfortable and stylish! I was really surprised by how comfortable this pair of Pumas is!  Great feel when I walk in them.May consider purchasing another pair in the future!
B004GB14HM PERFECT! These Pumas are perfect. Perfect fit. Perfect comfort. I have never been done wrong by Puma! I want another pair of these.
B004GB18FK pretty much confortable I bought this pair of shoes thinking abouth the ones to use for long time walking from one place to another acording to my job, so fAR have no complaint about them at all; except that at the begining were quiet tight on the sides but after 3 days using them they match perfectly ( just adjust) I also received them faster than expected from this seller ; wont hesitate to get them again from them in the future.
B004GB1A8U Shoe size I bought this pair of Pumas because I have another pair of Pumas that I really like. I wear a woman's size 8. When I got this pair though, they were far larger than the other pair of Pumas that I have even though they are both women's size 8 shoes.
B004GB1CN8 Love these sneakers! This is the second pair of these sneakers I purchased (the first pair I got at a Puma store). I loved them so much and they fit so well that I thought I should grab up a second pair before Puma changes the design.Some people would complain that these lack support, but I have had issues in the past with more structured sneakers making my toes go numb after 15 minutes of exercise. These shoes have just enough structure for my feet, great tread on the bottom and a springy foot bed. I would recommend these shoes for walking, gym exercise or daily wear for someone with narrow or normal width foot.
B004GB1CN8 BEST WALKING SHOES EVER I've tried a lot of different sneakers, and these are the best by far.  When I got my first pair the look of the design took a little getting used to, but as I used them to walk, both outside and on the treadmill, I fell in love with them.  They are sooooooooo light weight and really conform to your feet.  This style is true to size for me and that's great because I hate it when I have guess my size in any shoe.  I'm not a runner or a serious cardio person, but my first pair held up really well.  I didn't have foot burn or shin issues with theses, ever though their listed as "fashion."  For me, they're functional fashion, as I get compliments when I wear them.  I'm thinking of ordering another pair as a spare and in case these are discontinued or "new and improved" later.
B004GEATZ2 So freakin' cute! I've been a supporter of Puma footwear for many years.  When we had our first child, I knew that I would eventually put her in some Pumas.  That day finally came and this was the first pair we purchased.  We initially bought size 8.  Unfortunately, they were a little too small and would not have left much room for growing into them.  For those kids right on the border, I would recommend going up a size.  Which is what we did.  We bought size 9 and the fit is perfect!  Thanks Amazon for your amazing return policy and thanks to Puma for yet another quality pair of shoes!
B004GNQIOE These shoes last to long These shoes are one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.I'm likely to get another pair just because of that.but, the pair I have now have lasted me 2 years so far, and will likely make it to the end of the year before I need new ones.Thanks Puma, I can't get any new shoes until these ones die.
B004I6C730 Excellent shoe. Love the look, feel and fit of this shoe! Wore them yesterday for the first time and played 18 holes. No soreness, or blisters or any other after effects. Very comfortable and athletic feeling shoe. This is my third pair of Cell Fusion golf shoes in three years and the other two are still in great shape.This pair is now my favorite.
B004I6C730 Really comfortable I love it when I go to play and put this pair on. Especially when the starter says you can't play in sneakers, I just lift my foot to show the cleats.
B004IZLG74 So comfortable!! I bought a pair of these a year ago & was so excited to find them again!  You kind of feel like you're wearing boxers & they are a bit see-through, but that's the joy!  I may just have to order a couple more:-)
B004J4X4OM Worn for two soccer seasons I bought the red/white pair for my son last spring before soccer season.  He wore them during the 2012 spring season and just finished the fall soccer season with the same pair of shoes.  He says they are comfortable, and they are still holding up well.  Barring a huge growth spurt on his part he will hopefully wear them again in the 2013 spring season. Very happy with this purchase and if he does outgrow them I will come back for another pair in his size.
B004J4X5WS Puma This is my second pair and was a little disappointed. The pair I received runs a little big. Dont know why since the first pair was perfect. Oh well next time I know better than to order shoes on line without trying on.
B004J4X6LI Love them!!! I just love these sneakers! super comfortable, light weigh perfect to run! i bought them 4 year ago and I'm still using them! just bought another pair 'cause i really like this model.
B004J4XHMQ Sleek Design and Durable Construction This shoe not only looks great, it is incredibly comfortable and sturdy. I trained for and ran a ten-mile race using these shoes. When I start training for my next race I will definitely purchase another pair.
B004J4XI3Y Great Shoes! Theses are great shoes! This is the second pair I've owned and they are super comfortable. They also arrived quickly, which I always appreciate!
B004J4XMM6 SO comfortable and easy I bought these sneakers to wear at work when I go on occasional lunchtime walks because I wanted something I could slip on under my desk without worrying about lacing. These are perfect! They don't look like old lady sneakers (which slip-ons have the potential to do) and they are surprisingly comfortable. I love them so much that I ended up taking them home, so I guess now I'll need another pair for work :)
B004J4XMM6 Loving these Sneakerina Sneakers I absolutely love these sneakers.  I wear them everywhere.  They are so comfortable that you don't feel like you have shoes on.  I am going to order another pair.  I think they are perfect.
B004J4XMM6 Great shoe, great fit! At first, I was about to throw out the shoes or sell it one of my friends as they severely hurt my feet and gave me quite a few blisters.  After a week or so of wearing it and stretching it out to mold my foot size, I couldn't be happier! i want this show in all different colours! I do a lot of walking and this is great for that.  They are light-weight, durable, funky, and definitely wearable with all different types of clothing.  I seriously want another pair in say a pink/purple color and I'd be happy to ditch my other shoes.
B004J4XMM6 Easy comfort I have purchased PUMA sneakers before and love how comfortable they are. This pair is no different. I purchased this pair for an upcoming trip to Asia. The elastic across adds flexibility as needed for swelling feet in the heat and humidity. The mesh areas add to comfort and venting. I do wear a light nylon footie sock to absorb moisture. I typically wear size 7.5 in a flat shoe and found the 7.5 perfect. I wore them a full day right away and found them to be comfortable all day.
B004J4XMM6 Cute Sneakers I ordered these because I liked the way they look in the picture here.  They arrived and look really good.  I had to exchange them for another pair, though, because the padded liner inside was falling off in one shoe.  The replacement pair had the same problem in one shoe, so I guess it is just an issue with some of them.  Unfortunately, the second pair is in worse shape-they have some discoloration along the inner edges.  Not sure if these were returns or what, but they are going back.  I'm keeping the original pair and fixed the lining.  They are fine now.The shoes are comfortable and cute.  They are a little snug, and I'm going to try a half size larger to see if they are more comfortable.They're good shoes, just had some issues I had to sort out first.
B004J4XNNO Great flats! Very comfortable, I can wear them all day right out of the box.  I have narrow feet and have trouble finding flats that don't slip.  Just bought my second pair and will probably buy more.
B004J4XNNO don't buy online You can get the same pair @ COSTCO for $29.99!!!Just got a pair couple days ago in Chicago..great value.
B004J4XNNO Most comfortable shoes I own THis is my second pair and I live in them. Super comfy and I can wear them with just about anything and still look stylish
B004J4XNNO Review of women's Puma shoe Most comfortable pair I own and wear. Offers good support. Plus they go with most everything. Style is excellent. Great value for the money.
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable, very practical. I love these shoes. They are a stone/khaki color with a pencil-yellow trim. I bought these for a vacation to Disneyworld and they were very comfortable and very practical.  They are great with a causal skirt, capris, or jeans, even.  When I order another pair (perhaps in a different color), I'll order 1/2 size up; I think Puma brand runs a bit small. I will order another pair again, at some time, though. They're great!
B004J4XNNO Puma casual shoes I bought a pair at Macys. Loved them and wanted a second pair in patent.The shoes were as described and on time. They fit exactly as the pair I bought at the store.They were on sale so I am very happy.
B004J4XNNO Cute and Comfortable. I love these shoes, I work in retail and I stand on my feet for over 8 hours a day and was looking for a pair of comfortable and stylish shoes to wear and these fit the bill. They are way more comfortable then i ever imagined so much so I am thinking of buying another pair. I highly recommend these if you stand on your feet for long periods of time.
B004J4XNNO Extremely comfortable This is my second pair of Puma Zandy's! So comfortable and cute. Would definitely recommend and am planning on getting yet another pain!!
B004J4XNNO GREAT SHOE This is the most comfortable flat I have ever worn.  It is great looking.  I get lots of compliments.  You will want another pair.
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable flats I bought these flats to wear while in Vegas as I need a shoe with support for all the walking I do when I am there.I am not a tennis shoes person as I perfer flip flops but these shoes are extremely comfortable and provide support.The toe areas is not narrow like other style and has an adjustable tab for perfect fit.I am going to buy another pair in another color if they are available!!!!
B004J4XNNO These are awesome shoes! I bought my first pair for a trip to Europe. They were perfect for walking around all day on the cobble stone streets. They were very stylish and did not look at all like I was wearing tennis shoes.  When I got home, I immediately ordered a second pair in black. I work for an accounting firm where the dress is business casual. On casual fridays, I wear these with a skirt or dress and they look just like I am wearing ballet flats. Some of the reviews say that the heel rubbed. I have not encountered this. If I could wear these every day....I would!
B004J4XNNO Comfortable, darling shoe! This is my second pair of Zandy Pumas, and I love them, so comfortable, and great neutral color, the fit is great too!
B004J4XNNO Amazing flats! The most comfortable pair I've ever owned Amazing flats! The most comfortable pair I've ever owned. The last a long time too. Great quality. Mine have seen a lot of wear & don't look any different than when I bought them. I wear without socks & have thrown them in the washer before when the weather gets really warm. They come out clean & new. I lay them out to dry. They are very breathable. Will buy again.
B004J4XNNO Yay! I've only worn these shoes a few times, but I love them.  They fit well, despite having two different sized feet. There is ample cushion, which can be difficult to find in flats. Although I chose the light grey, I was hesitent about getting them dirty.  Thus far, I've managed to step and drive carefully.  As long as they don't stretch too much, I may have to purchase another pair.
B004J4XNNO I love the Zandy shoes I have purchased several of these in different colors. The only complaint is that the fit has not been consistent from color to color.  The black is a little shorter than the others I got. The cream was cut a little shorter on top. I replaced those and the second pair was fine. When they fit right, they are extremely comfortable.
B004J4XNNO Easy on the feet At this point I now own six pairs of Zandy's -- and am order a couple more.  Comfortable, easy to wear and enough colors to find a pair for just about every occasion.
B004J4XNNO Desirable There is no where in my city that I can purchase a pair of pumas like these!! As soon as the snow melts, I will be ready to kick it up in these pumas. They are very comfortable. You don't even need to wear socks. Just rub baby oil or vasaline  on your feet and you can wear these with anything, even a dress!!
B004J4XNNO Gift she loved Bought this as a gift for a friend.  she loved them (bought a pair).  I would highly recommend purchasing.thanks
B004J4XNNO Puma Zandy Ballet slipper I have received so many compliments on this shoe. These are my favorite pair of pumas! I don't normally wear flats because they make my back and feet hurt but these are comfortable. I love them!
B004J4XNNO My 3rd pair; absolutely comfy. Size fits well. Have bought different clrs of the same model. The only complaint is the insole cushion wears out easily.
B004J4XNNO LOVE, LOVE THESE SHOES! These are very cute and suipremely comfortable.  They are my second pair of black Zandies, this time with patent trim.I did have to exchange them for a pair one-half size larger than my other Pumas.  Amazon makes tthis chore effortless, so I have no complaints.Many thanks, Amazon!
B004J4XNNO Great shoes I love these shoes and I get compliments on them all the time. They are super comfortable and look cool. I put them through the washer and they didn't fall apart. I plan to buy another pair.
B004J4XNNO Most comfortable shoe ever !!! I wish I could have another pair of these shoes but I can't find size 10 black patent leather - most comfortable work, play, anything shoe I've ever owned !!  Please make more for next season...
B004J4XNNO Second pair of Zandys I love these shoes.  I purchased a pair of Zandys about 3 years ago (black with pink &#34;Puma&#34;) and wear them at the gym and for running errands.  Dozens of women have complemented me on them and several have later told me that they bought a pair after seeing mine.  The old ones still fit well and are attractive.  The new all black pair are for a trip to Asia where I wanted walking, touring shoes without the sneaker look.
B004J4XNNO Love these shoes! Comfort of a sneaker with the look of a casual shoe. This is my second pair; I've worn them walking full days in DC and NYC...and during extended travels to Europe. They've never failed me; they're totally comfortable without having  me look  like an accidental tourist!
B004J4XQL8 Great Price and Nice Shoes!! Fast shipping, comfortable and very nice pair off puma shoes, im thinking of buying one pair for my self, the color matchs is great and look fine.
B004J4XRJ4 I want another pair! These shoes must be kept in stock (black/black) . I bought a pair a few months ago, but I wear them every day and now they are beat to death. I need a new pair and my size, 8D, is not in stock! It would be great to receive an alert when they are. These shoes are very comfortable and match almost any pants. I wish they had black/black with gum soles; that would be even more awesome.
B004J4XRJ4 Just got my third pair. I bought my first pair of Puma Suede three years ago. I dont think ill ever buy another pair of shoes again. They will last longer then a year and i wear them every day for school. They are vintage and look great and are great quality. None of them have fallin apart torn and the soles still have plenty of life after a year. The problem is my feet keep growing so i dont know how long they really last.anyways its a great pair of shoes
B004JF5R1Y Little Pumas that could I got these for my niece in her starting weeks of walking. She loves them so much she refuses to take them off. She went from unsteady walking to running in a pretty incredible amount of time. They are nice and slim so they fit well unlike most shoes for toddlers that are too wide. And the grip from the bottom gives her good traction. These are the second pair I've got (also a boy's pair for my nephew) and they both are doing great.
B004JF5R1Y Very Happy!!! My gift arrived on time for Christmas and it fits perfectly on my 2 years old daughter.Good quality and great design, just love it, gotta find a pair for mommy!!
B004JF5RP0 Amazing shoes I bought this pair for my toddler and she loves them. They look very stylish, are sturdy, extremely comfortable and look just like they do in the pictures!I definitely recomment these!!
B004K00GLE Simply Fantastic! This particular pair of soccer shoes from PUMA is simply fantastic! It is not only light, but also comfortable. I'm already thinking about getting another pair in a different color.
B004K00GTG score my daughter wears womens size 7. this is her second pair of puma powercats. the first one we bought in Germany and it lasted her 1.5 years. she had not really out grown it but it finally started coming apart.
B004K02OC8 Great Service, great cleat! After contacting the company, Nau Products, about my Puma Powercats, they responded within two hours. My product was ordered and shipped in two hours on a Thursday and I received it on Monday. The condition of the cleats were as explained and expected.Any soccer player looking to purchase a durable pair of cleats, these are a pair that will last! I am a collegiate player and have worn these cleats each fall, spring, and summer seasons. They will rip like any other pair of cleats after being worn in the rain, mud, and snow. One of the best things about these cleats is the reinforced inner toe. Very comfortable and durable.This is my third pair of these cleats in four years, but like I said, they have been worn for three plus season every year.
B004KP73OC Very Satisfied These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! I don't even need my shoe inserts with them. My arthritis rarely bothers me when I'm wearing these shoes. I'm already considering purchasing another pair!!
B004KP73OC Bought in 2011 & STILL have them! I have had these shoes for three whole years now. They have been through countless hours of walking, ellipticalling, aerobic exercise and much more. Their cushioning is still in tact after all of these years. With a quick wash using dishwashing liquid, they look brand new. These are very well made and were definitely worth every penny. I have tried several pairs of running shoes after and have not found a replacement that is as comfortable or holds up as well. I just hope I can find them online after they finally wear out. I hope Puma keeps making these. If you're considering whether or not to buy these against another pair...get these, they're worth it!
B004KP73OC Why wouldn't you buy Puma? I've bought Nike, I've bought New Balance... New Balance always feel tight and make my feet sweat... in 100+ degree weather summers, if your feet aren't getting air, you're going to have a problem. Nike always rubs and gives me blisters, and generally don't provide nearly as much cushion and support as Puma. Also, Nike always felt like they were 'pressing' down and out when I ran, instead of up and down, straight.Puma are far more comfortable, airy, light with the right movement (no out! Why would you go out?!), and are the only shoe I ever buy anymore for use... Why waste my hard earned money on a shoe less than serviceable when I can buy cute, functional, GREAT shoes that fit right (true to size, and the measuring/sizing chart they provide is accurate if you're uncertain), last forever (I still have my first pair I bought 9 years ago... they still fit, feel great. Look a little used, but still fantastic!). In 9 years... I've only had to buy 3 pairs (and still keep and use my old ones!). That alone should tell you what kind of quality you get when you buy Puma.They ARE expensive in stores, but on Amazon you get some pretty good deals, I suggest shopping for them here. Know your size, but buy here.
B004KPA8IK MAN, I LOVE PUMA! This is my 3rd recent pair of Puma shoes, and a 4th pair is on the way. I used to wear Puma many years ago (late 70s),and loved 'em then too.I have two pair of Faas 550, and I love them.  I bought this pair of Faas 500 on a hunch that I would like them too, and I was right.  They are super light weight.  Cushioning is like running on air!  Midsole is soft.  Puma has it right.  Other shoes tend to have too hard of a midsole.  Like my other Pumas, these have little to no arch support, and that doesn't bother me.  I am a neutral fit, normal arch.  There is no heel support in the back of the shoe, and that feels great.  Right out of the box I could fold the heel down into the shoe.  Very little (minimal) support on the sides.  I am not an expert on categorizing shoes, but these have to be somewhere in the minimalist category... and that's what I wanted.  I ran 5 miles on the treadmill as soon as I opened them.  These, and my Faas 550s are so good, that I had the confidence to order a pair of Bolt Faas 400s. (they are on the way)I usually wear size 8 1/2 shoes, and I wear size 9s to run.  Based on that, I would say that these run true to size.  I haven't tried any Puma in 8 1/2, because I ordered online and got 9s on the first try.  As runners know, your feet swell when you run, so you should run in shoes that are slightly big on you when your feet are cold.  It's possible that I could run in a 9 1/2 in some shoes (such as Asics), but Puma 9s are perfect for me when running.I bought this pair on clearance.  The color wasn't my first choice at all, but it turned out that I love the color too.  I can't imagine how much I would love these shoes if I bought my first choice colors!  It would be off the charts!UPDATE - I wore them outside on day 2, for a 10 mile street run in cold, wet weather, the shoes got dirty, and spots from gross road dirt (who knows what was in the dirt - oil??)  I cleaned my shoes by hand, then sprayed and presoaked, and finally put in the washing machine. The spots and streaks on the inside of the mesh above the toes still did not come out completely.  Moral of the story, don't wear these (or any other light colored shoes) in wet dirty (street dirt) conditions. I still love the shoes.
B004MF8ITO Major construction flaw These golf shoes are super cute, but the shoestring holders don't stay sewn in.  Luckily both pair I purchased broke when I tried them on at home, so I was able to return them.  Two of the shoestring holders broke on the second pair I tried. They are not sewn in well and just a little tugging when you tie your shoe breaks the stitching and makes them unwearable.
B004MF8KW4 GREAT SHOES! This is my first pair of golf shoes so I can't compare them to any other brands. They are VERY comfortable, more so than I expected. It was hard to tell exactly how they would look when they came but it was a nice surprise. They seem to be very high quality. Ive played 7-8 rounds with these and the shoe has held up great so far. The only thing I could complain about is one of the spikes has torn slightly and I suspect it will only make it a round or two before it comes completely off. Then I will probably just have to get a pair of pliers to remove it, but again im not sure if thats normal or not because this is my first pair of golf shoes.They look great and seem to be very high quality.
B004MF8KW4 Orange Pants, Orange Shirt, Orange Shoes Yes...its a bit over the top but it was for an annual golf outing up north.  Love the shoes and bought another pair in a different color.  Puma is doing a good job with their apparel and performance lines.
B004NTQ52G So so shoe but fast shipping This is now the 3rd pair of Puma shoes I've purchased and all 3 of them have the same issue.............The shoe rubs my achilles on my foot untils it hurts. I had to put a Dr Scholl pad in these to wear them. I wont buy another pair od Puma shoes
B004OY3B86 Pumas not my nicest pair Hey,This is all and all a really nice pair of Ferrari pumas however it's not the best. I own six other pairs of ferrari pumas and although these are not my favorite my fit nice and good good.My only concern is that once you wear the shoes repeditly they look very wrinkled other than that, I love em
B004R6EOUK These shoes are fun--lived up to "Dazzling Blue" name Everybody comments on these shoes--how comfortable they look.  This is my second pair--so obviously I like them, too!  Bright colors and fit comfortably and well.  True to size.
B004S08HE4 Good Fit My son really likes these pants.  They are comfortable and fit rather nicely on him.  However, I had also bought another pair (a blue pair).  Same exact size, however, the 2nd pair were like floods on him.  Length was way too short and I had to send them back. That would be the reason I won't rate this 5 stars.
B004S6WDDO super stylish! This pair of tennishoes is also a must have! If you are into looking good you need to get a pair,too! Shipping  and handling is also very fast on this item.
B004S6WF64 Puma shoes I looked for some baby puma shoes every where n my town and then decided to look online and found the pair that I liked so I bought them and was so happy when I received them and they're exactly wat I wanted..thanks love them!!
B004SGU4VM Great Pair of Everyday Shoes! I bought this for my 15 month old son and he wears these everyday to daycare.  They are comfy and easy to slip on his little feet.  I am done with sneakers with laces until he can put his shoes on himself!  The design is great and I've gotten many compliments.
B004SKQTGW Love Pumas, but these have two problems This our second pair of toddler Pumas. I like them a lot and my daughter loves them. They're cute & flexible plus I love the little measuring insert. This pair has two problems- first I find them a little hard to get on. That velcro strap at the top is the only adjustment so the opening to put your foot in is not large enough (and my daughter has tiny narrow feet). There is no give at all so you either squish the padded collar in back or push the tongue down and have to wriggle it out. Not a deal breaker, just trickier than our last pair. The toe has also scuffed more that her last pair. But she's a toddler, so I can't expect them to stay pristine. We have gotten tons of compliments on them!
B004SUANZU Amazing shoe! I wear nothing but puma's and now have 2 pairs of these in different colors. THESE SHOES ARE AMAZING! I wear 10 1/2 in puma's shoes, I was kinda a little skeptical about people saying that they had to go up a size and what not. Blah blah blah. That's only if you normally don't wear puma's!!! Go to a store first and try some puma's on to get a feel first on what sizes fit best. Then buy online! I had bought first pair of these shoes at a store, 2nd pair on amazon, and didn't have to go up a size or anything. Stuck to my 10 1/2 instincts and fits like a charm! I love the style of these shoes and will buy in future!
B004SUANZU Awesome shoes You gotta rock the pumas. What a great pair of shoes, this is my 5th pair and I am never let down with them.  Same great quality.
B004SUANZU Been put through the worst of conditions... I just purchased my second pair of these, with the first pair bought in 2012. In that time as a full time skydiving instructor I have put around 2,000 skydives as well as other walking duties in these shoes. Comfortable, breathes great but also holds in heat with the right socks. I am getting a new pair as that much abuse combined with sweat will ruin any shoe... I recommend these shoes totally.
B004SUANZU Classic style Was very happy to get these classic sneakers.  I owned a pair 40 years ago during college days.  They go great with my Red Sox and Blackawks apparel.
B004SUANZU Great pair of shoes ! I never in my life thought this pair of shoes could be so comfortable, just fantastic. Now the whole family wants to own a pair !
B004SUANZU My son's second pair This is my son's second pair, which he uses both for everyday use and for indoor soccer. He wore his first pair until we noticed they were way too small. He had liked them so much he did not say anything.
B004SUANZU Great shoes nice price! I purchased a pair of these for biking and playing soccer.  Once I tried them they were so nice I purchased a second pair.  Both are great and the price was excellent.  A+++++
B004T3M57K Stylish, yet comfortable For this price, these shoes can't be beaten with a nice pair of dark jeans. They are a little 'squeaky' at first but quickly goes away. I say YES!
B004T3M57K Exactly what I expected These shoes were exactly what I was expecting when I ordered them. They're a flimsy pair of canvas shoes that I bought to wear on vacation to slip on and off while at the beach. They're fairly comfortable and you can wear them without socks, without your feet becoming too hot and sweaty. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a casual pair of canvas shoes, just don't expect these to have much support
B004T3M57K Cinderella Called They felt like socks dipped in rubber upon wearing. Only pair of Pumas I've ever returned. Instead of paying shipping, I received store credit from a direct retailer and bought a different pair, happy ending without the shameful eye contact.
B004TAAWIM Andy Boy I was stoked to find another pair of puma sandals, since my 6 year old pair need the graveyard....I forgot how much padding they have when brand new, how comfortable they are, and they ladies know you be stylin! Tragically they do not make these anymore..
B004TAAWIM Nice but not functional I've owned a pair of all rubber puma flip flops for a couple of years. They are awesome! very comfy and duarble. It was time to get a new pair. So I ordered this pair.While it looked great and the color was fantastic, the cloth straps were too lose and it was constantly falling off my feet. After tripping a couple of times, I decided to return it.I had no problem returning it and was issued an imeediate refund.
B004TAB650 3rd times a charm This is the third pair of this exact shoe that I have bought from Puma. My first pair was the gray color and I LOVED them! They went with everything I wore and were very comfortable. They lasted a long while but they did eventually rip. I have a wide foot and these shoes (knowingly) didn't support me as well as other brands. I didn't care and was surprised at how long they lasted. After they ripped I wanted to buy another pair (same color... gray).Annoyingly, Puma did not carry that color at the time. They rotate their colors and I had to wait for gray to come out again. When if finally did I bought that pair. I have to honestly say I was a bit disappointed. The California didn't fit as well as before and it took a while to break the shoe in. I bought them anyway since I loved my first pair. Regardless, the shoes ripped a little over a year later...... Which finally brings me to this pair. I noticed the shoe was a California 2. I saw the color and was debating between the burgundy and blue pair. I went with burgundy and took a shot buying them online. I have never been happier! The California 2 fit MUCH better than my second pair. It reminds me of my first pair that I was so happy with. I also LOVE the burgundy color. I got them more to try something different and it's been awesome. They go perfectly with regular jeans and black jeans. They stand out with khaki pants, but go perfect with khaki shorts.I'm most pleasantly surprised that buying shoes online worked for me. I don't think I would have done it if it were a new shoe altogether. They fit perfectly, had no other issues, and look great!
B004TLBAI2 awful job the shoes were defective. in the right pair the red part is worn out.  Also the frontal left side in the right pair becomes wrinkly when I wear it. I want to return this product.
B004VQYK4G great shoe I got sereval pair of these and I wear them for every thing if they had more colors i would get dome more
B004VW5QT8 Good! I bought them just to try out some new stuff. I usually buy running shoes so kind of trying out with sneakers. I liked them as a comfortable pair shoes. Also they have a nice out-of-box look. Only one thing that disappointed me is the leather. Product image shown is kind of tricky which shows it to have a nice pure leather look however in a reality they are much more synthetic looking. Apart from that shoes are stylish, light weight a good semi casual pair. can be used on work! I would say if you are looking for a stylish pair which isn't too flamboyant to wear at work. This is a best bet!
B004WLEF6S awesome pair of shoes!!! awesome pair of shoes, the color is even more stunning than seen on the picture. no breaking in required. held up great and dry inside on rainy days. will definitely consider buying another pair, in different color :)!
B004WLEF6S Great Sneakers! I've been wearing (and wearing out) Pumas for years.  An although they take a little time to break in, once done, they're like wearing slippers.  Very comfortable and they look great.  The classic designs are the best!  Espcially love when they do re-issues, like the Clyde.  I'm at the point I buy two pair at a time so when one old pair eventually bites the dust (I really do wear them out), I have another ready to go.
B004WLEF6S Good ole Clyde Great as I rembered in '68!  Lay offa my blue suede shoes. Thank ya thanka very much! Highly recommend.  Also bought a second pair for my kid too. Can't go wrong with Puma.
B004WLEF6S Great pair of shoes! I've always loved Puma for a reason, style and durability. Mostly style. Puma's are usually pretty expensive, and when I found these I was super excited. I got the blue and white ones, great with blue jeans. All leather shoe! Comfort and quality.
B004WLEF6S Cheap and nice! If you are finding a pair of sneaker that looks great while cheap and comfortable, this is the pair for you~
B004WLEF6S Great Product! What can I say? It's a pair of Pumas. Love these sneakers. Very comfortable for daily wear. Would highly recommend them.
B004YKRM1W Classic Puma I was nervous to order off line without knowing if the fit would be the same as my first pair over 20 years ago....with so many athletic and comfort types of foot sneakers especially made for different sport special types , running, Hoops, etc. Pumas always were always a stylish athletic design of footwear...YES just as Clyde Frazier styled back in the day. My 4 pair different colors did not disappoint. Recommended. They fit my foot to my true USA size.
B004Z0G6QS love them! They are super comfy and lightweight. They breath nicely too. Would buy another pair in a heartbeat! If your on your feet a lot I would highly recommend a pair if these babies.
B004ZBEX5S Love these shoes! These shoes are so awesome.  Comfortable.  Casual.  Stylish.  What can you ask for?  So, awesome that I bought a second pair when the first finally fell apart over time.  Should have bought a couple more to save, because now I can't find them anywhere!
B004ZGD840 Fashion and Function I love these shoes!  The Imani sneaker is not only fashionable but functional.  By that I mean  they not only look good...they feel good!  When I wear these Pumas, I get tons of compliments from everyone...men and women alike.  They are well-made and have more than enough comfort and support to be worn all day.  In fact, I will probably purchase another pair in a different color.  One word of advice...Puma seems to run about a half-size small for me.  I wear an 8, but buy 8.5 in Pumas.
B004ZIP4U4 Sooooo comfy! and good lookin I  have owned 2 pairs of Pumas the first pair were the Tazon IV's and I loved them, they were one of the most comfortable running shoes I have ever owned, and most good looking I might add. Then I bought me the speed cats, which are also awesome in looks and feel! So I was pretty confident about this buy. And I once again have another awesome pair of pumas added to my collection! These are probably the most comfortable pumas out of the three I own, and that's saying a lot! When I first put one of them on, my foot went to heaven! It was so soft and nice! It has extreme pading on the insides, my feet feel like they're on pillows... Which is good for me, since I work in retail and am walking almost all day everyday. They feel great to run in, and the material is well done, and good quality, (I've had shoes that fell apart after 2 weeks before). The tongue of the shoe is connected all around, so instead of it moving separately it is just part of the whole opening, which I haven't seen on a shoe before. I wasn't sure what I would think of it, but it works really well, I actually prefer it! It makes slipping them on real simple. I bought the goldish, and black ones, and they look real nice! I normally wear just black or white shoes, but I figured I'd branch out, and I also didn't think the black Voltaic's looked very appealing. However these gold and black mix ones look really sharp! they have a nice pop to them. They look better than in the picture, I was afraid they might be too yellow or even too orange, but the gold is really stunning. I wore them the night after pulling them out of the mailbox, and got complements on how snazzy they looked that night! "Oh man those shoes are really cool..." So anyway awesome shoes, they make me happy. All three pumas I where I had to buy a size bigger than I normally do. I'm not sure if that applies for the women's sizes too, but it does for the mens. I normally where 12's, but in Pumas I where 13's, and they fit perfect, not too big not too small. Well hope my opinion was useful!
B004ZIP5GW nice shoes Love the color fit and everything about them except the laces which seems to be with every pair of the voltaic the lace is a little slippery so you have to make sure to double knot or else they will come undone.Still this is like my 7th pair of them so laces a small price to pay when it comes to comfort.
B004ZIP5GW My first Pumas! Bought these as a best deal since the price was great! Have always wanted a pair of Pumas and am extremely satisfied with this shoe. They do fit snug but once you wear them a time or two they become more comfortable. I wore them on a recent trip and they slip on and off easily, which was nice at the airport. Plus, all my friends and a few strangers complimented me on them! Worth paying regular price!
B004ZIP5GW Best athletic shoe for big feet  (15) Seriously, this is the best fitting athletic shoe for my big(ish) feet that I have found to date...and I am no spring chicken....well I have my moments but you know what I mean. I used to buy Nike but the size and fit seemed to desert them about 4 years ago. A thought echoed by my petite footed wife. She now goes for Fila but I have just bought her a pair of these too because they are so &#34;together&#34;. I then started buying New Balance. (Beleive it or not the first pair I bought had one shoe made in USA and the other made in China). Anyway they make a narrow fitting and they are kind of OK but truly the fit rate was 3 in 5 pairs so I started to look further afield and Voila, saw these...bought these and now I have a new brand.So to sum up: Comfortable and well made.
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable and priced right I owned a pair of these sneakers for a few years, but could not find them again.  Then I saw them on the deal of the day for under $50 and jumped at the chance to get them.  I wore them today for the first time and they're as good as a sneaker can get.  They're stylish, comfortable, and you can not just run, but play most sports with them (I speak from experience with my older pair here).  Mostly I will use them as a &#34;walkaround&#34; shoe - my favorite feature is the tongue is attached to the sneaker.  A nice touch for me.  Anyway, I'm going to get another pair in a different color now.
B004ZIP5GW Very Comfortable I love puma so I am probably a bit biased, but these shoes are probably the most comfortable pair I have ever had.
B004ZIP5GW beautiful to look at AND to wear. My uniform Polo Shirt is Blue and my logo is orange so I was looking for a pair of sneakers to compliment the uniform...and I found it! I bought a pair for each member of my team.  We are constantly on our feet and the cushioning is perfect...
B004ZIP5GW Great Pumas! These are a gift for my husband for his birthday, I thought they were great when they arrived.  He has had many pairs of Pumas over the years, so it's hard to choose a new pair- this pair was a great choice though!
B004ZIP5GW Love These My husband loves these. He actually wanted another pair. If you are a runner these are for you! They are well cushioned and very comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW puma men's voltaic these shoes came exactly as pictured and are an exact fit to my shoe size.  would deffinatly get another pair in the future.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable My last pair of pumas my toes were squeezed in but this pair has a wide top to let your toes move. The tongue is attached to the shoe, it takes some getting used to but overall a comfortable shoe
B004ZIP5GW awesome sneakers these sneakers are the most comfortable ones i have ever wore and bought a nother pair since i got this 1
B004ZIP5GW PUMA comfort! I am a long time customer of PUMA shoes and like the fit and styles they offer. I suggest trying a pair.
B004ZIP5GW Strange fit. These shoes are cool looking, but they feel like they'd give you heel blisters. Ran with them the first time yesterday, and luckily I brought an extra pair because I wanted to change them half way thru. They work fine for walking.
B004ZIP5GW Finally wide width I love these shoes. My second pair. Nice and wide for my feet. Always comfortable and not too hot or cold.
B004ZIP5GW Nice Deal Very nice pair of sneakers for the price. Looking for a second pair now for the Spring and Summer months
B004ZIP5GW My first pair of Pumas I've never owned Pumas before. I usually buy New Balance cross-trainers, but due to the deal on these sneakers, I decided to give them a try. I only use them to run, but they work well. I've noticed an improvement in my running, which I attribute in part to these sneakers. The fit is interesting because they sit further below the ankle than other sneakers I've worn. This is not a problem though, just something to get used to. The tongue of the sneaker also does not come out - it is connected to both sides of the front of the shoe. Again, that was interesting, but not a problem.The size I purchased fit as I hoped they would, but I do have some issues when I tie them as tight as I can. When tied as tight as possible, my feet tend to fall asleep while I run, which is obviously an issue. This was a problem the first few times I wore the sneakers, but once I learned the cause, I simply do not tie them as tight.
B004ZIP5GW Just as I expected. These shoes are so comfortable and true to size.  This is my second pair! I highly recommend these shoes to anyone.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome Puma Awesome Puma to own.  Awesome Color to have.  Very comfortable, but not much arch support in my opinion.  Very wide toe box which is great !!!!!  Best pair i have owned so far.
B004ZIP5GW Got me out of Nikes! This is my first pair of Pumas and I must say I really enjoy them. I bought them on a recommendation from my girlfriend, who bought her first pair because they were stylish, comfy, and lightweight. I have the exact same thoughts about this shoe. I love the tongueless design and the fact that it's so wide. I wear a 14 and this shoe tapers just enough from the heel to the front of the foot to be wide. It's the perfect mix of being wide but snug on a broad foot. I bought this shoe for crossfit, but I find myself using it more for running because it fits so snug and the padding in the heel feels like an insert. I have only run a few miles in it but I love it so far.
B004ZIP5GW Nice pair of sneakers for 40bucks (daily deal) Fits the same as Nike.  I would have rated 5 stars if there wasn't a "clicking" that that I feel while walking in the soles around the middle of the shoe.  Comfortable and seems they will wear nicely.  I've had for a couple of weeks now.
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable This is a very good pair of shoe, though be aware that if you have a large foot it might be tight on the top. Other than that it is very comfortable for walking.
B004ZIP5GW Comfy and stylish with only one little flaw I love Pumas, and I was thrilled when I tried on these babies. They have great support and I feel as light on my feet as a gazelle galloping through wherever it is gazelles hang out. My only problem is that which I have with every pair of Pumas I own and that is the sole of the shoe doesn't wrap up around the foot far enough, so if it's raining get ready for a case of soggy socks. This is something I know about Pumas and don't care (notice the 5 stars) because the style and comfort really overcomes that. I just wear different shoes when the risk of puddles are high.
B004ZIT63U Although it Advertizes them as Big Kid, Girl Colors are Shorter than Boy Colors I bought the neon green/blue pair in the boys' department at a local sporting goods store and absolutely loved them.  They were purchased for doing aerobics because they are light weight and have a cushioned heel.  Those shoes are really comfortable but the soles are wearing out after over a year and carrying a lot of weight.  I usually wear a women's size 6W to 6WW.  I purchased the Big Kid size 6 and they were perfect.  I checked Amazon to buy a new pair and was ecstatic to find a pair with my two favorite colors--hot pink and aqua.  When the new shoes arrived, I held them up against the old green/blue pair.  The girly color scheme shoes were about 1/2 inch shorter than the boyish color shoes.  Fortunately for me, as a 40-something adult, there was still ample room for my toes and the shoes are every bit as comfortable as the green/blue pair.  I just want to warn parents of growing children so they know what to expect.  I did receive the Puma bag with these shoes as I did with my B&M purchase, but these were a better price and I didn't have to suffer the embarrassment of shopping in the boys' dept. at my age :)
B004ZIT63U Pumas These shoes are great.  My son loves them.  This is his second pair.  The first were the velcro ones of the same style.  They lasted a long time and we are hoping these do too.  They run a little smaller as most who have worn pumas before know. He said they are really comfortable and he has only had them a week.
B004ZIT63U Bought these for my 8 yr old Son I am on my second pair of Pumas.  I love them so much I bought a pair for my son.  He raves about his new red shoes.  Very comfortable.
B004ZITHZC love these This is the third pair my daughter has gotten in the past two years. Not because they aren't good.but because she grows out of them she is seven. They are very well made and with stand all the abuse a child puts her/his shoes through.once they get dirty. I throw them in the washer and they're good as new. She has had both Velcro and ties,  no problems with either. I would be happy buying them every year for her. She thinks they're a little tight at first just as any new shoe is. No complaints. Will probably get the adult pair for myself :-) love them
B004ZITHZC Great shoe This shoe is super cute and fits great on my 5 year old!! I ordered the wrong size at first and amazon shipped the new pair even before they got my returned pair. Great customer service!!
B004ZITHZC Great pair of fun sneakers! I got these sneakers for my 18 month old and she loves them. They're bright, fun, and allow her to run like the wind.This is her second pair of pumas and their quality is worth the price. They last and don't give her blisters or cut into her foot.The adjustable Velcro is nice since she has a more narrow foot.I highly recommend these!
B004ZITHZC Snug instep My son picked these out himself. They are little boy versions of his older cousins shoes. I wished I had read reviews more closely and ordered a size up. I thought I didn't need to because he has such slender feet and I was afraid the larger size would be too long for him. Unfortunately, due to these being elastic band closure, they have made these very snug in the instep. My daughter and I both own a pair of Pumas and they are also snug in the instep. He continues to wear them because we can't afford another new pair right now and by the end of the day they do seem to stretch out a little.Another problem is that after a month of wearing not only are they not really stretching out very much, the reflective silver accents on the shoe are wearing off and the white underneath is showing in spots. Looks terrible!! Especially on a practically brand new pair of shoes!
B004ZITHZC Awesome this one are really awesome, i bought them as a gift for my cousin and he never get tired of using them, i think that i'll buy antoher pair.
B004ZITHZC loved them! I loved the shoes!  But even better my son did too. He's a picky one so definitely glad he liked them!!! Do as everyone says, order a aize up. My son is currently a 13 but I ordered a 1.5. They fit perfect! Definitely ordering another pair soon!
B004ZITHZC Puma kids shoes-great purchase Sturdy-easy on, comfortable shoes.  My daughter loved the intense blue color.  So happy with the purchase that I just bought another pair for my other daughter!
B004ZITHZC Great purchase! I bought these for my two year old. They are ADORABLE! This is his fourth or fifth pair of puma shoes in his lifetime...i just can't resist the styling and he always gets compliments on his shoes. These seemed to run a little small compared to other pumas I've purchased, but i think they're breaking in nicely as i can hardly get them off him. He wants to wear them everyday, so they must be comfortable! :) Very happy with this purchase!
B004ZITHZC Stylish and comfy Really nice and lightweight pair of shoes.  Just got them so we still need to see how they stand up to my 4 year old who can make a new pair of shoes look old within 2 weeks.
B004ZITHZC Toe Comes off QUICK I would like to think that my three year old is average ... as far as how hard he is on a pair of shoes.  He runs and jumps around like all the other kids his age.  Spending $50+ on a pair of shoes was a little much but I figured they were Puma and should hold up for a few months.  NOPE They were done after two days!  The rubber on the toe peeled off, then racked.  Supper glued them back together and off it came again.  My son is so upset!  WOULD NEVER BUY them again.  TWO DAYS!
B004ZITHZC I love these. these are my second pair for my son, yes son, he liked the bright yellow and pink. But he has beaten the beans out of these and I throw them in the washer and they are like new.
B004ZITHZC Nice but not great 2nd pair of Puma. First were great, hence second purchase. These were not as good and son not so keen on them. Still look new and hold up well.
B004ZIXBAY great tennis shoe! I've purchased several pair of tennis shoes from Amazon - great place to buy anything!!! So, the Puma's are comfortable, reasonable priced and the fit is true to size. I will say Reebok has a shoe that is great, but with back and leg problems I must rate this shoe with a 5!! Color scheme, I bought the pink/grey, is so awesome I truly would even buy another pair(s) to match everything I wear :) Hope you enjoy your tennis shoes as much as I have.
B00502ZXR8 Love these shoes These little puma's are so adorable, light weight, very soft and my daughter barely notices that she is wearing them.  I actually am going to buy a 2nd pair for when she grows out of the one's she has. If your thinking about buying them you should they are a wonderful pair of crib shoes and you can't beat the current sales price either.
B0050U20U8 Awesome kicks! I bought these for my 3 year old, and they are great kid shoes!  I am actually searching for another pair in her size, and have had no luck.  They are durable, light weight, they are fabric, so they breathe, and they are really cute!  They are much sparklier in person than in the pic.  They should really stock more of these!  I can't find another pair that is as simple, with no cartoon characters & other non sense.  My daughter really liked them too, but her feet have grown & I will have to move on.  Sigh...
B0050U399O Great shoes I bought both my granddaughters a pair of these shoes and they worked great.  They got too small for them before they were worn out and now they are not available.  I would buy them again if they were available.
B0050U7C8I returned them puma the quality on these was very poor, and i always wear puma to work  too bad  my next pair are a nike
B0050U7C8I My picky little boy loved these immediately. When we put these shoes on our son, age 4, he just ran and took off.  They are super comfortable and fast running.  We were very worried when we were purchasing these that he would scream about not being able to wear his Cars sneakers. But he wears these everyday.  These lasted though many mud puddles and many washes.  We are now going to buy him another pair one size larger.
B0051MR4BU Another gift This pair of pants were to go with the Puma shirt that I bought for my cousin's first birthday party.  His parents loved the outfit, so I would say for sure this was a great purchase.  I am glad that I got something that they enjoyed.
B0053A2M3A Finally! I bought my first pair back in 2004, 2005? and these guys still feel great. They're light, comfortable and looks great with my work and casual outfits. I'm so happy I can still find them! Can't wait to get them, but I'll still keep my old pair, just in case.
B0053A2M3A Best pair of exercise shoes I've been wearing a pair of Puma H-street shoes since 2006 or 7 and I still have my original pair that I used to take to take before I got these.  If you like the feeling of Vibram Five Fingers or shoes will no support these shoes are very light, flexible, and breathable.  Luckily these H-streets are way more fashionable, cheaper, more comfortable, and provide better protection for your foot against outdoor elements.The only problem for some people is that they're narrow and it can make balancing on one foot tricky.  Based on my prior pair, these shoes should last a years in the gym.
B0053YAX28 Best shoes ever. The best shoes I have ever had.  Now my second pair.  I have wide feet but thin ankles so these shoes fit perfectly.  The first shoe I bought that doesn't rub my ankles/Achilles's raw.  The first pair lasted over a year, and now I wear the old ones outside.  The mesh around the outside is starting to fall apart, but that's because I am super tough on them.Ordered them through Prime on a Monday, had them by Tuesday.
B0053YB0NO couldnt be happier love them ! super comphy and holding together great wear them almost every day and when the time comes to replace i may just get another pair lol
B0053Z996I cute, comfy Totally love all Puma's that are transitional from season to season. I had a pair in black and a pair in white and wore them to death!
B005438OCY great shoes I was hesitant to buy these to run in, but I have run in Pumas before and I thought for the price, I could try them. They are the best shoes I have run in, in several years.they are minimalistic in design and mesh so they don't weigh you feet down at all.I am by no means what you would call "small" and was worried how they would hold up over time, I bought them in May, go running at least 3 times a week and have no issues so far.When the time comes to buy another pair of shoes I will definitely be buying these.
B0054D25JM Funny looking, but great shoes I'm on my second pair of this exact same pair of shoes. They fit very well, much like the other Pumas that I have owned. I'd buy them again in a heartbeat.
B005543Z5S Stylish, comfy!!! This is my 2nd pair of Pumas and I must say this pair will definitely keep Pumas in my good books. Light on my feet and stylish too. A great buy!
B005543ZHQ very comfortable... Received on time i bought this pair of tennis for everyday use and i am very pleased with my purchase. Those shoes are really comfortables ...I love it!! Shipped on time.
B005543ZHQ Complete low quality junk Where do I start with these pieces of junk.Well first compared to Nike or Adidas most puma's are junk and inferior.Please not this is nothing against amazon but against puma.I bought these directly from puma earlier this month , and now are on my 4th pair.I have to keep sending them back because of poor workmanship.They are put together with chowing gum.First pair toe cap wasn't properly glued.Sound pair sole wasn't proper glued, and shoe are talking on the side,because not enough glue was used.Third pair way too much glue was used where the color sole meet's the shoe had super glue drip.Forth pair insole was not glue in the shoe properly, The front of the insole was glued too far back.So the back of the sole sits too high, so the shoe doesn't sit the heel properly.And puma.com has the rudest customer service if you need help.I see why all the puma stores are all closing down.The shoes they sell are very poor quality.Also these DO NOT run true to size, my pair ran a half size big.This will be my first and last order from puma EVER, should of paid more and got Nike+.Oh well.
B005543ZHQ Puma Osuran Best pair of cross training shoes I've ever worn.  Comfortable and lightweight.  This is my second pair and I love both.
B005544T94 Puma Voltaic 3 Brite Pack Red Shoes I met a tourist from Cornwall (UK) in downtown Baltimore who was wearing a pair of these Pumas which he naturally got in Germany on a visit. I liked them, and since I like Puma shoes in general, I set my mind to order a pair. Nothing could have been easier that to find them at amazon, and at a very good price, as well. Even though I always order Pumas at one size larger than I think I take, this pair is a bit of a snug fit. They are actually "slippers," for in place of a tongue, the shoe surrounds the foot, so they slip on and off. The laces seem to me to have no use other than cosmetic. But I like the shoes, and they sure make me visible when I jay-walk, which every one does in Baltimore.
B0055523WS Puma california 2 Shoes are of lesser quality than the original Pumas. The seem really cheap. I am not sure I would buy another pair.
B0055523WS Most uncomfortable pair of shoes ever owned I am a sneaker head and I love collecting sneakers, however, these pumas that I purchased a few years back have only been tried on once and that was it.The biggest issue was that the tongue of the shoe was terribly designed. It was made of really cheap, synthetic leather and it was very tough. When I wore the shoe, the tongue was so long that it was stabbing against my feet, making me feel VERY uncomfortable. I was so frustrated that I was thinking about taking a pair of scissors and snipping the entire tongue off. Comfortability is one of the most important aspects of a shoe and the pumas failed to meet my expectations.Not only that, the entire shoe is made of really cheap materials that made the shoes feel very unauthentic. If you want a very comfortable pair of shoes, then the pumas are definitely not a shoe you should be looking for. I NEVER wore them. It was very painful.
B005552422 Very comfortable Love these shoes. This is the second pair I've bought. They are very comfortable and look nice with shorts or jeans.
B005552422 Look nice, not super comfortable I really like these shoes, but they are not the most comfortable.  They're super easy to wipe clean as well.  Very happy with my purchase although I do not think I would buy a second pair.  There is just slightly too little cushioning.
B005552422 Style and comfort This is my  4 th pair of el ace 2 and this color can be worn with a variety of different color jeans. The quality is fair on these but be careful with the suede as it discolors. Comfortable shoes and very easy to clean. Its difficult to find this particular color in any other place, so i had to jump on this deal.
B005552422 Super clean The sneakers are very clean and arrived faster than expected. I bought these to replace a pair that I wore everyday for a couple of years. The fit is great and they are very comfortable for casually walking around.
B005552422 Nice shoes... Excellent customer service! Update 3/20/12:Just as promised, Amazon shipped the replacement the very day I requested a return.  The replacement had no damage and is as exactly how I saw it in-store.  Thanks Amazon!Ok... this is an update to my previous review. I was getting ready to wear these shoes for a party but noticed that there were tiny tears around where the laces goes into.  I am returning this pair and hopefully Amazon doesn't give me a hard time then I may update the review back to 5 stars.On one Saturday, I was in one of the Puma stores with a friend who bought this same pair but of a different color.  He paid $60+tax and got to wear it the following day.  I was able to look at this color personally and really liked it; so that same day my friend was shopping at the store, I was shopping Amazon.  Ordered the same shoe but of this color (black/white red) for $48, no tax and was eligible for Prime.  It was suppose to be delivered by Tuesday but I was happy when I got it on Monday, a day earlier.  Wait a day to save always $20, hey why not.The shoe looks exactly like the one in store. Duh, it is the same brand and model.  This is really a nice looking pair of shoe and looks good with anything you wear.  The inside feels comfortable as well.  Great buy.
B005552422 very satisfied These shoes not only look great but they are very comfortable as well. Well worth the price and I'm considering ordering an additional pair in a different color cause they are really a gear pair of shoes
B005552422 Great pair of shoes! These shoes arrived on time and look great! I was very happy with their quality. I purchase another pair in a different color and they look just as good.
B0055XBD80 LOVE These are perfect shoes. Hopefully one day they will make them AGAIN!!! =) I have five pairs in different colors. I even stuck suede on the bottom to make one pair dance shoes. =)
B0055XCS3Y comfy and lightweight This is my first pair of pumas. They are absolutely soft, comfy,and lightweight. They are so light  weight that it doesn't seem like your wearing shoes at all.
B0056PKEMI sneakers i would tell everyone to get a pair. real comfy had no trouble wearing them. keep it up give the best.
B0056PKEMI perfect condition just what I wanted. Do not regret buying these pair of shoes very excited to give this as a gift.
B0056WZN2W Puma rules Love this shoe.  Fit is true to size and I walk a lot and is extremely comfortable with plenty of support.So easy to slip on ..no laces and struggling.  Not only that they are quite stylish!Can't wait to get another pair
B0056YH1PW Great buy I have been looking for shoes that would help me exercise without strain on my knees, and bought many models. These shoes are amazing. I have started again regular exercise without the modifications to accommodate my knee pain, and I feel great so far. The colors are nice too and this pair is turning to my favorite. It was delivered fast. The shoes had a little defect but the company took care of that, which makes me more comfortable buying from this seller again. I would recommend them, and am even thinking of getting another pair.
B0056YP5VE Love these indoor court shoes! Great pair of shoes for indoor court games - indoor soccer, floor hockey, indoor volleyball, indoor lacrosse, etc.  The soles won't scuff up an indoor court, and the bottom is flat (unlike running shoes) so you can move in all directions.  I had previously tried a pair of running shoes, and paid for it with giant blisters on the soles of my feet - not a problem with this pair of shoes, they are great!They are Pumas, so of course they are nicely stylin' - I got the black with touches of yellow, and adore the look.  They design is really unisex - cool design for a guy, but not too manly for a woman.  Not too bulky, it's got that nice streamlined look you expect of Pumas.  I had previously gone to Walmart to buy a cheap pair of indoor shoes, and ended up back at Amazon because the price was comparable but the quality was not even 1/4 as good.Definitely recommend this pair of Pumas!
B0057DPSQG Husband's favorite boxers I only bought one pack for my husband and after he wore one pair, I had to go and order another pack!  He says they are super comfortable and are his favorite brand!
B0057DPSQG One pair was in a bad condition. I purchased the same product with different color (black) from Marshalls and liked it so I decided to purchase another set here eon amazon.Well, the red ones don't look as cool as the black ones. Just be aware of that.The problem with this purchase was that one pair came in a bad condition. When I tried the pair on, and found that the thigh areas have been expanded (most likely by some external force) so didn't fit my thighs. They were just too big. And that pair had some dust stains on the front part. It seems like they are either defective or poorly packed in the process.I don't know how I can be compensated for this.The rest two pairs are good, just as I wanted except that the textures are not as good as I expected.The black ones that I purchased from Marshalls are of a better quality even though they seemed to be them same before I actually compared them.So I'm not satisfied with this product, but still, I like the design.
B0058XE0GY Great shoes. This is my second pair of these shoes. Super comfortable and the outsides will last forever. The insides get worn down (after many months), but you can always fix it.
B0058XEE88 Good fit The spikes fit my daughter well, and they went great with her school track uniform. Would purchase another pair. She was pleased.
B0058XF1KI Cool look Material is very thin canvas, which creases and bends a lot. I expect these to only last me a month or so, they seem very flimsy, not typical of Puma. My advice would be to buy these as a second or third pair that you don't wear often.
B0058XF1V2 Nice shoe but the strap makes it tight I always by pumas but these where the first pair I bought with the Velcro strap. The Velcro strap doesn't have much adjustment for the tightness you would  prefer. So the shoes are comfortable but are a little tight cause of the strap
B0058XF1V2 Uhm I love them Con Amazon took 19 hours to delivery themPros right sizeSnug fit with the right roomGreat driving shoe great feel on my clutch3 second break in periodGreat pair shoes good job big cat
B0058XF1V2 clean shoe I had a pair of these i bought a few years back and could never find this pair of shoe until i searched amazon.  I bought a pair in white this time and plan on buying a back up black pair in black.  Great fit and comfy i use these as a daily shoe and they have held up very well.  perfect shoe for casual dress or light gym use not good for running tho.
B0058XF1V2 2nd pair-great shoe Great shoe, very comfortable- my son loves these shoes-looking for next size bigger, this is his second pair and the shoes are easy to clean with magic eraser, they stay lookin new
B0058XF1V2 Love these kicks! Bought these shoes because I like the whole look.  After reading reviews I bought a half size larger(normally wear a ten but bought 10 1/2).  Have had them for about one month and they are my go to shoe.  Way comfortable and feel like wearing a glove for my feet.  I among a bit concerned about the Velcro strap as I am afraid it will lose its grip after multiple uses but so far so good.  Very comfortable to wear when driving long distances or traveling.I will definitely get another pair when these wear out assuming they hold up adequately.
B0058XF1V2 I love my new pair of sneakers They fit perfectly for a pair I could only see a picture on the webpage. Very comfortable, very light and elegant. I recommend these!
B0058XF60I Very nice trail running shoe I bought these Trailfox IVs due to previous experience with Puma's trail shoes. These are just as good as my former pair. Snug fit and the shoe moves with my foot easily. Very comfortable and well cushioned. Good grip on all surfaces I've been on, wet, ice and uneven ground. I did add another insole to increase the cushioning due to the fact I also wear these while on concrete. Only one minor negative with my pair: one of the "accent" stripes was unglued over a small portion of the shoe. I have been concerned about snagging it, but so far so good. I just need to find a suitable glue to secure it. Puma offered to replace the whole shoe, but I declined that offer as it was a defect that did not demand that kind of resolution in my mind.I would recommend these shoes without reservation. If these last as long as my previous pair I expect to get 3 years of everyday wear out of them.
B0058XF6Q2 Great shoes These are the second pair I have purchased for my son. he got them in grey too. He has worn them out and does not want any other shoes.  Hard to find as they keep changing the name.
B0058XF6Q2 Great shoes - Could not get locally I love these shoes.  Puma fits me perfectly, like an extension to my foot.  I'm so glad I could find a new pair online, as I couldn't find them anywhere locally.
B0058XF6Q2 Stylish, simple, comfortable I've always been a fan of Puma sneakers, and this is pair fits the bill yet again! Very happy to have them in my collection.
B0058XF6Q2 Awsome I Have To Say These Are The Best Shoes I Have Owned In A Long Time I Get Compliments On How Awsome They look And How Comfortable they look And How Comfortable They Are I Even Got My Grandma To Buy A Pair Of Pumas AWSOME PAIR OF SHOES
B0058XF6Q2 great going out in shoe I'm a huge puma fan and was not at all disappointed with this pair.  I needed a pair of shoes that I could wear out to bars that have a stricter dress code and these worked out great.  They run a little narrow just as most pumas do so it might take a few weeks to break them in.
B0058XFHKC Awesome shoes I've always loved the classic suede Pumas These arrived in perfect brand new condition with the eco friendly bag. Now I just need to find a pair of the powder blue ones.
B0058XFJTQ these work for me! I cannot be on my feet without wearing my HUGE custom-built orthodics which makes it difficult to find shoes that accommodate.  Wide shoes are often too wide.  These are awesome!  this is my second pair.  THe first pair still looks good enough, but the support has broken down.  (Took about 8 months of steady wear) Plenty of room in the toe boxand helps prevent pronating. plus my daughter says they're cool.
B0058XFP4A Not in perfect condition, returning and ordering new pair Shoes are nice looking shoes- BUT they are NOT in perfect condition, as expected for a new pair of $80 PUMAS. There are several places on the leather parts of the shoe that look like smeared glue. I have requested a refund and am ordering a new pair- hopefully the next pair are in acceptable condition! =D Five stars for the actual shoe, 0 stars for condition. Arrived on time and packed well.
B0058XFP4A Good Pair Shoes It is my first purchase of pair Puma's Cell Turin. At first felt kind small and tough to walk or run with them. But as I wear them started to stretch and feel more confortable. The price is Ok for the shoes but I was specting a little more confort out this part. Overall Good Looking Shoes.
B0058XFP86 The most comfortable sneakers I've ever worn When it comes to PUMA sneakers I can rest assured that I don't need to try them on to know they will be comfortable. I bought my first pair five years ago, and they recently deteriorated(I jog 2-3/week), so I decided to buy this new model and it did not disappoint. They are very unique and stylish, I love the Velcro because I'm not a fan of having to stop to tie my laces. The inside is super comfortable although I got them half a size bigger (I'm a 9, got a 9.5), because my toes tend to go forward when jogging. The price is reasonable, but since I had a gift certificate, I only had to pay about a third of the value. The shipping was super fast (Thank you amazon prime!) and overall I am one happy client! :)
B0058XFP86 A very good comfortable pair of sneakers No laces, Velcro strap, very comfortable, light and breathable material. I love the colour and the fit. I would definitely recommend
B0058XFP86 Shoes you can use I bought these for my boyfriend. He already had a pair he loved, and I thought it would be smart to get him another pair before Puma discontinued them or changed the design. People literally stop him on the street to ask him about his cool shoes.
B0058XFP86 Simply the best sneakers ever Nothing else to say.  Super comfortable.  Great looking.  Cool colors.  No laces.This is my third pair and I'm getting a fourth.  People on the street complement them/me.NOTE:  They run 1.5 sizes larger than normal.
B0058XFP86 Good shoe, great price I have been a Nike wearer for many years. My daughter bought me a pair of Pumas not too long ago. I really was impressed with their light weight and comfort. Saw this pair on line and decided to try them. Glad I did. Fit is my normal size unlike some other reviewers and I have a fat foot. Comfort is outstanding and the velco closures actually work and are comfortable. Very impressed with Puma! I wore their soccer shoes in my youth and if they keep up the quality and comfort, I will continue with the brand. I would and have highly recommend.
B0058XFP86 Best shoe's ever !!! Stylish, comfortable price is great. but its the comfort and style that matter's, and these are it. I bought my first pair, I loved them so much, that I had to get a another pair.
B0058XFP86 Best shoes for running I bought a pair 4 year ago. Always used it for jogging for walking and so on. But several years ago they were broken. I was looking for them about a year something like this and found one in India but they do not deliver to Russia. And now i found and bought another one pair here. Life is beautifull. For example in Russia this shoes around $120 ;(
B0058XFPLS Comfy! I cant speak to the durability as I have only had them a few weeks, but the comfort and appearance are great.  I hadn't bought a new pair ff shoes in like 10 years, so I was long overdue.  Very happy so far!!!
B0058XFPLS Bought to match the pair for women Comfortable and well made. Better made than puma shoes @ outlet. I love the style. Because they are white, it is easy to get them dirty.
B0058XFPLS Puma Haven't received these yet, but all I buy for my husband is Puma. He has had the same pair, just like these for over a year and they still look almost new. He bought a pair of shox a few months ago and they are more worn than his Pumas. Great brand of shoes!
B0058XFRLG Puma Men's Fast Cat Sneakers I bought these shoes for my 13 year old son. He did not even wear them a full day before the started ripping around the laces. I sent them back and another pair were sent, but the quality was the same. I would not recommend these shoes at all.
B0058XFXA6 Wonderful Shoes This is my 8th pair of Mostros. These are the lightest, smallest, most comfortable shoes I've every owned. Even at 100 dollars per pair they are worth every penny.
B0058XFXA6 Just bought a second pair These are my favorite shoes to wear on a daily basis in good weather.  They are easy to slip on and the mesh top means your feet stay nice and cool.  After a year, they still have a good amount of tread.I bought the grey ones, and they did get a bit dirty.  However, since the shoe isn't leather I threw them in the wash and they came out looking new.The only thing I hate is that Puma always changes their mesh shoe lines.  I'll find a pair I really like, and then they are impossible to find when they wear out.  Then the new version can be a bit hit or miss compared to the last one.
B0058XFXA6 great shoes These pumas are wonderful. They are comfortable, easy to put on, and durable shoe. This is my second pair of these. Would definitely purchase these shoes again.
B0058XFXA6 Great I love them Very happy. I will definitely be ordering another pair of these shoes. Always wanted them and finally got around to it.
B0058XG1CA Amazing Flip Flop! I love these sandals! I bought them a little while back and they have been so comfortable, I'm ordering a new pair soon because mine are getting worn out from wearing them everyday lol recommended to someone who isn't going to wear them everyday like me:)
B0058XG1CA Good for the beach I bought these and like them. They are my second pair of puma sandals, and I will buy a third. Worth mentioning is that the toes are a tight fit. They don't slip on with extreme ease, but as a result don't slip off accidentally.
B0058XG7RO Great Shoe!! I love these shoes!! This is the first pair of shoes I've ever bought online and they fit like a glove! I will definitely be getting another pair in the future.
B0058XGI5A Nice shoe These shoes are very streamline and lightweight. Very comfortable. After purchasing my first pair of puma I decided I needed more. Love them.
B0058XGI5A Puma is excellent as usual I chose Puma shoes because my last pair were Pumas and I loved them so much I wore them every day for almost two years until they got holes in them. Personally I don't think this style is quite as nice-looking as my last pair of Pumas, but still better than most (my last pair was the Lyla sneaker with pink sequins - and not a single one fell off). They're light, they fit right, they look sleek, they're of quality construction. Puma is reliable like that. Others reported sizing issues issues in their reviews; I'm sort of in between a 8.5W and 9W, got a 9W(7.5M), fits perfect. However my last pair was an 8.5W and they took a bit of breaking in. Probably why they ended up with holes near the toes :P Plus I've already gotten a couple compliments on them, what more could you want!
B0058XGI5A Pretty much as expected The fit was fine and they were pretty comfortable overall.  I was a fan of the Adidas Adi-Racer but since they were discontinued I switched over to these.  Not quite the same but they'll do.  Ended up buying another pair in grey.  The white's get dirty REALLY quick.
B0058XGLKC Most uncomfortable Puma's I've worn SO I am a huge fan of Puma shoes.  I have 5 pairs and love them all.  I ordered these online and was very disappointed.  They hurt my feet shortly after putting them on.  And it lasted all day.  I went into the Puma store by me to exchange them and the guy working there said they all got a pair for free when they cam out and they hurt his feet as well and he never wore them again.  I am very happy in my new pair I swapped them for today but I would try these on before buying!
B0058XGLKC Comfortable, supportive enough for cardio exercise, and I love them You're trying on a new pair of shoes. They're a little uncomfortable, so you take them off. Then you put your old, broken-in shoes back on and everything feels snug and just right. The way shoes should feel. The Pumagility is that snug shoe, except you've never worn it before! It's like sliding into a pair of slippers... if you even wear slippers.I drove just under 100 miles to get these. To say I was excited about them would be an understatement. I wore them out of the store and sprinted back to my car since I parked on a busy Boston street without paying the meter. The bottom of the shoe is a little cushy and absorbs impact while you run, which was the first thing I noticed. And while on the subject of running, I wouldn't exactly classify the Pumagility as a running shoe, but I do wear them for that purpose now and then (rotating your shoes will prolong their life and cushioning). Double-knot your laces if you run, though! I ran a 5K and my laces came untied. Maybe I just didn't tie them well enough...I mostly wear these as cross trainers for the gym. They're comfortable, supportive enough for cardio exercise, and I love them. I have narrow feet, and the Pumagility is neither narrow nor wide, but my feet aren't "swimming." It's snug enough. I have a pair ofBrooks Adrenalinedevoted for running, yet I've still racked up a lot of miles on the Pumas. When these wear out, I plan to get another pair, maybe in one of the seven other colorways.Also, if you like visuals, check out the Pumagility commercial on YouTube. Pretty cool.
B0058XGLKC Training, Running, or Just Wearing - Perfect! I have been watching these shoes since they first came out and I wanted them immediately. My local stores did not have them, and e - bay was very overpriced. Amazon had a great price (as always) so I purchased them. Very good packaging and quick shipping, no concerns with my order. The shoes fit true to size, wrap around your feet, and are light as a feather. I do a lot of ciruit/cross training - many infommercial programs I cannot promote - and these shoes are great for jumping all over the place. I am considering buying another pair in a different color.
B0058XGLKC just what i wanted These are my first pair of Pumas and they are super comfortable, they look great, they do draw attention. I highly recommend these shoes
B0058XGLKC 2nd pair of these! I can't say enough about these shoes! This is my second pair and they are amazing. I run about 20-30 miles a week and do cross-training and plyometrics about 5 days a week. These shoes have a wide stance and the fit is wide as well. I have wide feet so, shopping for shoes is usually a pain. I have thought about buying like 10 pairs and just wearing them for the next 5 years..just in case PUMA stops making them!
B0058XGLKC 2nd pair and love them These xtraining shoes are one of my favorites.  It's too bad these are getting harder to find in a decent color combo in a size ten.  any how i have no complaints.  It's my second pair within the year.  these are light weight, wide enough for my feet, and take about a few days to break-in.
B0058XGUJ4 great I've had a lot of the Voltaic shoes.  They're always very comfortable and I enjoy getting the new pair each year.
B0058XGZ94 My best friend loved mine My best friend loved my Puma running shoes and wanted a pair for herself. She was excited when I showed her that she could get hers on Amazon just like me. Quick delivery. Accurate and she is extremely happy just like me.
B0058XH4L2 Comfortable shoes that can be worn casually also! Don't mistake these for total athletic slippers, darling enough to wear with just about anything. I wear them with everything. Much more comfortable then a pair of hard bottoms usually found on lots of flats. Well worth the money I spent on them.
B0058XH4L2 Great shoes, versatile for many occasions. Love these shoes. This is my 2nd pair. The second pair I went up a 1/2 size and found them to be more comfortable.
B0058XH4L2 love them! Due to annoying blisters, bunyons, high arch and instep, etc I have become so finicky about what shoes I wear daily.  Sneakers even are often uncomfortable by mid-day, and never mind any kind of flat shoe that I can wear around with black pants or nice jeans.  So when I had seen a friend with these they looked great and I took a chance on a pair for myself. I was sure I'd have blisters the first day but I didn't - I wore them for hours and still felt very comfortable in them. I will definitely buy another pair!
B0058XH4L2 Loving my Puma! I love this little pair of shoes.  You can wear them with slacks or sweats...either way pulling of a stylish look.  There were true to size for me despite being skeptical of ordering European sizes online.  A great addition to my wardrobe.
B0058XH4L2 Luv them.... This is my second pair and I love them just as much as the first pair...comfortable, well made and they wear very well. I'm sure I will be adding some summer colors to my collection.
B0058XH4L2 On my third pair!! I was so glad to find these shoes through Amazon. I had previously ordered two pairs from Zappos but they don't carry them anymore. These shoes are wonderful. You probably wouldn't want to go hiking in them, but they are very comfortable for daily wear. The shoe has a low vamp which gives it a very elegant look.
B0058XH4L2 Colors Colors Colors Another pair for my Zandy collection. It's comfortable, stylish and goes with any wardrobe. I always get a great comment with a pair of Zandy on my my feet.
B0058XH4L2 Great for work too! These shoes are so comfortable and they look great. Thinking of another pair in a different color. Puma you did it again!
B0058XH4L2 Fit somewhat inconsistent When these fit right, they are very comfortable. I have several colors. I have gotten a few pair that the fit is a little smaller than expected.
B0058XH4L2 Very Comfortable I have a pair of these slipper shoes in a different color...I love wearing them!  Feels like you have nothing on your foot they are so light and airy.  I would highly recommend!
B0058XH4L2 Super comfortable! I commute in DC and I always keep these shoes with me so I can slip out of my heels and into a pair of flats. Definitely recommend!
B0058XH4L2 Shoes these shoes are so comfortableI put then on as so as I got them and so comfortableRight out of the box. thinking of ordering another pair.
B0058XH4L2 Super comfortable This is the second pair I own (I have deep red ones). They are great for walking in the city. I travel a lot and they are styling enough to be a well-dressed tourist but comfortable enough to walk for hours.
B0058XH4L2 These are my favorite flats I have 5 - yes 5 pairs of these shoes and they are fantastic. I like that I can wear them to work as well as on weekends with jeans, shorts or capris.  I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 in shoes and I got these in the 8.5 and they fit great. So many shoes (especially flats) are so wide all the way through the length of the shoe and the sides actually flap away from my feet looking sloppy and huge. These are perfect for me (I wear a B width but on the narrow side). For whatever reason one of the pairs I own does rub my heel a little but the other 4 pair were comfortable right out of the box.  I get TONS of compliments on these shoes and wear them often.  I have black with the hot pink puma, black with the red puma, all black, brown, and pewter colors. Now I want something lighter for summer but the white one is sold out in my size.  Bummer.  Hopefully I can find another pair someplace; I feel that these are the ONLY flats that really fit my feet, are comfortable, and look super stylish.
B0058XH4L2 Perfect Shoe! Had a pair previously, but accidentally wore them while washing the car.  Due to water damage they were ruined, but I still wore them anyway.  Love the new pair since they fit right and look good with everything.
B0058XH4L2 Most comfortable flat ever! Several of my teaching colleagues recommended this shoe to me.  It is stylish, and it looked like it would be comfortable.  I came home and read through many Amazon reviews.  I bought my first pair, then a second. Next came the third and fourth pair in rapid succession. The limestone gray and blue pair is my fifth Zandy.One pair for each day of the week! They are everything and more.  There is not any break-in period, and the fit is true. I wear 7M, and it fits like a true 7M.  The biggest problem is getting the color that I prefer in my size. Worth every penny if you are standing on your feet most of the day.  The Zandy compliments slacks, jeans, casual skirts. Even shorts.  To me, it is a perfect little flat.
B0058XH4L2 Love these flats! This is my second pair of Zandy Mesh WN Shoe. The first pair I bought are solid black. They are very solid yet the leather is supple enough that it just hugs your foot. I had to get a second pair because I wear the black ones every day. At first I only wore them with skinny jeans or leggings.  Then I liked how they looked with a skirt. After a short time, I'd forget to take them off. Now I wear them instead of slippers. You feet breather in them and they feel like a second skin, but they are more comfortable and versatile than slippers because I can run out and get the mail or run to the store and I always look stylish. I love the color of these and they are just as comfortable as the first pair. The price is great for the superb quality. Everyone has to own these flats. Beware, however, wearing them is addictive and you get spoiled because no other shoe feels as comfortable!
B0058XH4L2 Great fit I have five pair of these shoes.  I still want more in different colors.  I had to return one pair because the color stated red however, it was pink.  No problem with returns on amazon.
B0058XH4L2 Love these shoes!!!! The most comfortable shoe I own!!! This is the second pair and I can't rave enought about how well made and cute these are!!!
B0058XH4L2 Perfect casual shoe that looks good, too! Replacing a second pair I wore out. Love the casual style with pants and skirts! I  would definitely order again!
B0058XH4L2 Perfect I LOVE these shoes! I work in an office where we dress business casual. I wanted some shoes that are comfy but cute. These are perfect. They are really comfortable and look cute on. I bought a size up because reviews said they run small. This was not the case. I could have gone with my usual 6.5. My husband told me to buy another pair because I like them so much. Also, I have stood for a couple of hours in these, and my feet did not hurt. I cannot even say that about my favorite pair of running shoes. These are great!
B0058XH4SA Excellent pair of running shoes! This will be my second pair of Puma FAAS 550 Shoe - love the fit and comfort! I would certainly order the again.
B0058XH5D4 Love the shoes.  Very Happy. Would certainly order again.  This is the third pair of puma shoes she has had and she likes them very much.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes I love Puma running shoes. The last pair I had lasted me much longer than any other pair of gym shoes I have owned and they are very comfortable. The only thing I don't care for is there is no tab on the back of th shoes to make it easier to pull on like my old pair of Voltaics have.
B0058XH5D4 Very Comfortable! !! Pumas are always so comfortable without sacrificing style. Love the bright color of this shoe. This is my second pair in this style.
B0058XH5D4 Most comfortable sneaker EVER!! I LOVED these sneakers! I work out 3-4 times a week and do A LOT of Zumba! These sneakers hugged my feet and helped with my shin splints. It felt like pillows around my feet. I like the &#34;no tongue&#34; feature too. I swore I would never buy another pair of sneakers again! I wanted to buy 4 pairs of them and have them as back up. I think that in my case..I wear them out. I do so much Zumba and Boot Camp that maybe its my fault that a hole started to open on the side of the shoe where my pinky toe is....Also, this is the second pair of PUMA's that this has happened too for me....so maybe I should be writing to them!All in all, this is seriously the best sneaker and I will be buying another pair..just maybe NOT for working out..as much as I do....
B0058XH5D4 comfy love these,  I work the weekend shift which is 12 hours Saturday and 12 on Sunday and my feet don't hurt at all in these.  this is my second pair
B0058XH5D4 100% satisfied shoes are comfy, exactly what i thought i was ordering, and i get so many compliments on them. bought them for work and it makes me sad to wear them to a germy hospital, im getting another pair in diff color NOT for work
B0058XH5D4 Killer Shoes for The Price!!! Just received these today.  I LOVE THESE SHOES!!  I got them in Pink and they are fabulous and very comfortable.  I sized up by 1/2 and the fit is perfect.  I like that they do not open up completely at the top which makes for a really snugg fit.  I would recommend these probably in any color and I like them so much I will probably go back for a second pair.
B0058XH5D4 not happy Not easy to slip on,  too wide in the toe area, looks weird!  This is my first pair of Puma's...I'd maybe try one more style but there's not anything to b desired about this style!
B0058XH5D4 great shoe my daughter wanted these shoes and wasn't sure about ordering them on line, but we did and she just loves them, she said they are very confrontable, and fit great she plans on getting another pair when she gets more money
B0058XH5D4 stylish Absolutely love these shoes. They're comfortable and I get so many compliments on them. I can't wait to get another pair! And I received them sooner than expected..thx Amazon.
B0058XH5PM Defective Shoe I have had Pumas before, and liked them very much.  When I saw these on Amazon, I decided to order them and give them a try.  (I normally do not order shoes online because of hassles dealing with sizing, fit and returning them.)When I recieved and tried them on, they fit perfectly, and I genuinely thought I purchased a quality pair of shoes online!  Yesterday though, through no fault of my own, the white stripings on the gray accent on the left shoe started to peel off!  It looks like white out tape was used to for white striping the way it's peeling off from the shoe. Oh and of course I ordered these shoes in September, and they start falling apart now so that I can't even return them for a new pair.I definately will not buy another pair of Pumas again because of what I think is poor craftmanship, and I most definately will never order shoes online again.Very dissapointed.
B0058XH5PM Shoes THese are exactly what he was expecting and he really loves these shoes. I will be buying another pair soon.
B0058XH5PM Well made, bought 5 pair Yes, I'm one of those guys that is super particular about shoes. I can't find ones that I like, I can't find ones that fit, the styles sucks. You name it. I found these Puma Tergaments and thought I'd buy a pair. Zappos had a fair price and I figured I'd take a shot. Love them. Put them through 5 weeks of outdoor wear and activity and they are like new. Durable, stylish and perfect fit. Super comfortable and lightweight.What else can I say? They look good with jeans and shorts and casual wear and beachwear. Totally rockin' shoes. I bought 5 pair and at this rate they'll last until 2016, and STILL be in style! Zappos is awesome and so are these shoes.
B0058XH5PM nice pair of shoes I bought it as a gift , the shoes are really light and comfortable, so i bought a pair for myself
B0058XH5PM Wow! Quick Delivery! Love these shoes!!! I loved these shoes so much for their style and comfort, this is my second pair!!! I will definitely make another purchase from this company.
B0058XH5PM GREAT FOOTWARE I HAVE A DISABILITY WITH MY RIGHT FOOT AND I WAS SATISFIED WITH THE FACT THAT I FELT GOOD WARING THIS PAIR OF SNEAKERS.
B0058XH5PM Thank you, Amazon, for sending me pre-worn shoes Much to my surprise when I arrived at home from work, my shoes were waiting on my doorstep. I'd waited what had seemed forever to receive my new pair of shoes, considering the previous pair I had worn to work were failing me. I opened the box and what did I find? A pair of shoes that appeared to have been worn before! The soles were scuffed and off-white, and there were scuffs along the sides of them as well. I have certainly learned my lesson not to shop for shoes on Amazon from now on. What I had thought I paid for were a pair of brand new, CLEAN shoes, but had I known they were gently used, I'd have not paid full price. As a side note, the shoes fit well and are very comfortable, which is what I expect from PUMA. Thank you PUMA.
B0058XH854 SHOES I BOUGHT THESE SHOES AND GOT THEM BUT TO SMALL AND REORDERED ANOTHER SIZE...I LOVE PUMA SHOES....I HAVE BOUGHT 3 MORE PAIR
B0058XHABG Special Great deal was struck and speed the arrival of the commodity and a very cool shoe I have asked for a pair of shoes last of my friends will not hesitate to buy them again
B0058XHCDM good shoe and even better price Love these shoes! Very comfortable... Nicely padded, true to size. Best pair of pumas that I own! I could honestly walk all day in them.... I would definitely reccomend these to anyone looking for a comfy stylish pair of sneakers
B0058XHCDM Love these sneakers!! These just arrived today! They are so cute and lightweight which is just what I wanted!  I may have to get a second pair for back-up!
B0058XHCDM Decent, lightweight shoe. This is the first pair of sneakers I've bought myself in almost 10 years. I figured since I spent a decent amount of money on my last pair and they lasted so long, I ought to go ahead and spring for a more expensive shoe than I would normally buy. These are a little more lightweight than I'd anticipated, but so far they're holding up nicely. The tongue is thin nylon covered foam, as are the sections of shoe that aren't suede. They're quite comfortable for walking, but I wouldn't recommend them for running or any kind of sport related activity. Size runs true to the sizing chart, plenty of room for the toes. Hoping they continue to hold up, but so far I'm quite satisfied with them.
B0058XHCDM Love Love Love Them!! I had been looking for a pair of shoes like these for months. So happy I found them. They are comfortable and versatile. I can wear them under jeans or black work pants. Very comfortable for the first moment I put them on. Will probably by another pair to keep as back up once I wear these one's out. Great buy!
B0058XHCDM Great shoe! I purchased these shoes to replace an old pair of Pumas that died on me after 8 years of wear. These shoes are better in person than the on-line picture can convey! Beautiful color. Cool nylon. Same puma foot-hugging comfort that I had come to know and love. Overall, definitely a worthwhile purchase.
B0058XHD86 A Favorite! I have been wearing this style of Puma flip flops for years! This pair is even better with the added color! The fabric straps don't rub your feet and are comfortable in the heat, sand, water, anything! The soles are also comfortable, although they do wear down once you wear them for a while. I will continue to buy this style of flip flop as my favorite go-to shoe in the summer!
B0058XHD86 Love them Very comfortable..so comfortable I bought a white pair.... I would recommend for sure...color matches just about everything... price was right and shipping was early...
B0058XHD86 SUPER COMFORTABLE DUE TO WIDE WIDTH! This is the first pair of flip flops I've ever purchased. I chose this pair and brand due to reading the reviews on many different pairs listed on Amazon. I've never worn them before because of the uncomfortable piece that goes between your toes. This pair has  a piece of soft fabric which is extremely comfortable. I have a very wide foot. The sizes listed are B for medium yet it is really more of a D width. Most of the reviews stated that this pair is very wide and that is why I purchased them. I am not disappointed. They run true to size. I'm a 9 1/2 and the 9.5 is perfect. They seem very sturdy and I'm sure my feet will be very happy this summer.
B0058XHD86 These are super comfortable and feel like you aren't even wearing anything I already had a pair that was grey and pink that I purchased at Farm n Fleet last summer. My pair from last year are still in really good shape even after wearing them most of last summer, but wanted another pair of a different color. I wear anywhere from a 7-8 size, but these fit perfect. The only thing I don't like about these is when I looked at my first pair there was no size indicated so I took a chance in ordering the 7.5 size, but it was perfect.
B0058XHD86 Great colors There no sanuk yet they are very comfortable.  They come in great colors.  I already own two pair and will definately get more.
B0058XHD86 second pair i bought my first pair of these sandals in rome this summer - my feet were KILLING me after walking around.  i have plantar faciitis, like most people nowadays, and these were the only shoes i could stand to wear the rest of the trip.  when i came home, i bought a second pair.  they mold to your feet, so after a lot of wearing, they get a bit squished, which is the only downside.  the straps are cushy, which is great - no plastic!
B0058XHD86 Very good product I bought these to replace an older pair that I had worn into the ground. The quality of this product is extraordinary. I had the last pair for atleast 10 yrs and they had gotten really dirty but were still usable.  I also bought a pair of the Bolt sandals beacuse I can truly say that I can trust the quality and reliability of Puma products
B0058XHD86 Puma Raspberry fip flops Stylish and comfortale to wear.Not so comfortalbe for a long walk.I like the syle and plan to buy another pair this spring.
B0058XHD86 Aging quickly I bought these for replace my nieces other pair.  The old pair was worn to shreds, but lasted about 4 years.  This pair is showing wear already and don't think they'll last past 2/3 of a summer. Very disappointed.
B0058XHDX6 Overpriced Crap I am done with Puma. These shoes were cheaply made and expensive. The stitching looked like it was done by a 10 year old. I didn't even wear them, just put them right back in the box and got a refund. I also bought another pair of Pumas with this order (El Ace 2pn) and returned these for the same reasons.
B0058XHEBM Love'em This is my second pair of these shoes - first pair I bought from a Puma store. This pair is no different. I love'em
B0058XHEBM Very nice and comfortable product they are very beautiful and comfortable. Also I notice good materials in its preparation. I think buying another pair in the coming months.
B0058XHEBM review puma when I ordered this pair of sneakers I thought it was black.  I guess I didn't pay attention closely enough.  I still like it though.
B0058XHEBM great shoes! Love the shoes they are very comfortable if puma still makes them when these wear out ill buy another pair
B0058XHEBM True to size great gift They were a gift for my husband. He likes them and says they are comfortable and fit true to size. It's nice to find an all white pair of shoes that are also stylish.
B0058XHEBM Great shoes! Replaced a prior pair of Puma cross-trainers.  The new pair fit great, did not require a break-in period, and wore them all day long the day after they arrived.  I highly recommend these shoes for everyday wear.
B0058XHEBM Not true to size. I got these shoes for my boyfriend.  He usually wears 10.5, but when he tried these on, he said he would need an 11.5 instead. His toes were smooshed in. They're a nice pair of kicks, don't get me wrong (looks wise). They offer no arch support and are kinda stiff.
B0058XHFPC oldschool I love the color..the fat laces and i get looks from everybody that knows this style of pumas are one of kind and they will never go out of style...as long as you order the right size and take care of them you should be very pleased.. I just ordered another pair of black ones and I don't care where there made at.. There real leather and I bought them for 45 bucks you can't beat that and there great for anyone that has flat feet... I've had my blue ones for over a year and there still looking good.. If you get them wet yes the color will fade some... Buy a can of leather protector if you don't want them to fade...
B0058XHGRE My new favorite sneaker. I was looking for a pair of flip flops when I stumbled upon this pair of pumas and could not pass.The style is very clean and classic.I really loved wasabi/white color it is unusual and fun but not too bright.The suede is really soft and insoles made of some cushioning material.Overall this is very comfortable shoe.I usually wear 9 or 9.5 but store did not have my size and I got 8.5 and it fits perfect with thin pair of socks.I would not recommend this shoe for someone with wide feet or if your toes are longer than big toe.
B0058XHN6I super cute & extremely uncomfortable returned first pair for a larger size, 2nd pair also returned because the shoe cut into the top portion of my foot by the toes.
B0058XHQN8 Happy Feet I bought them for Zumba and just love them!!! Light wt. & good support. I plan to getting another pair soon.
B0058XHSMC AH &lt;3 I saw these and just cried out "I HAVE TO HAVE!" The shipping was super quick, I was so glad. I giggled like a little girl! I was afraid that they would not fit because they are my first pair of Pumas and I didn't know how they sized things. Perfect....with socks. Also the canvas on it isn't as thick and sturdy as it appeared, but I still love them. I agree with the other review about the color not being correct. I bought a shirt to match that was rouge red and I compared it to the shoes. Not a match. That is what attracted me to the shoes too, I don't usually have red shoes and I wanted something different. But either way its a FANTASTIC pair of shoes to have.
B0058XHY3K Awesome! I really haven't worn Puma's since I was in High School... 1986!!!! Then I came across the PUMA GV Special. I ordered a pair a an awesome price and I have them on now! PUMA... I am back!
B0058XJJ88 Comfort, Comfort, Comfort I'm very flat footed, so it's difficult for me to find sneakers that are comfortable. Then I took a chance and bought my first pair from a local retailer and they were awesome. Due to material which allows air to flow freely, my feet did not get hot and sweaty after wearing them for long periods of time. Plus they're super light and fit perfectly. They're made for running but I am no runner. I use them when working out and doing errands.  I loved my first pair so much, I told a friend who decided to get a pair and she loved them too. I tried to purchase a second pair where I got my first but they were no longer available in my size. I decided to search for them which led me here. I'm so happy with them, I'm thinking about getting a third pair.  If you're looking for light weight and extremely comfortable athletic shoes, these are absolutely the way to go.
B0058XJJ88 light and comfy I bought my second pair of these I liked the first so much.  Great fit for a narrow foot, cool and breathable for summer walking.  I walk four miles a day in these (to and from work) and they are very comfy.  THey don't have a lot of structure, so they conform well to your foot.  I could imagine running in them, if I get back into that (ran a lot before kids).  Only problem is that sole is thin, and heavy use is wearing it through, that's why I got another pair.  But I think that is going to happen any time you have such a thin sole.
B0058XJJ88 Almost perfect I have an OLD pair of Adidas mesh sneakers that are disintegrating because I could not find another pair like them. These are the closest I've ever come. I like to be barefoot, I hate normal sneakers with their bulky padded collars and thick soles. These are super light weight, with very thin soles, and very attractive. My size 11 feet don't look like canoes in them. These are much better than the Merrill barefoot series which have very stiff soles. If you dream of walkin, running barefoot around town then these are for you. I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5 because the first time I wore them I slipped on my wet deck and landed on my ass, the soles are too smooth but I still love them just be careful on wet wood in the rain.
B0058XJJ88 awesome little running shoe I love, LOVE these! Light and comfortable. Conform to the latest thinking about running shoes, that less is more. They also travel well and look great with skinny jeans.Ok, they're white so they're gonna get dirty...so, I've accumulated three pairs! One pair that stays clean, another pair that I run in and a third pair that gets dirty at the dog park! I actually washed one pair in the washing machine multiple times and they've held up pretty well (just remove the inner sole and throw that in separately). Every time I see them marked down, I grab a pair!
B0058XJJ88 Sweet feet treat Like barefoot with comfort. Great for running or walking. These are my second pair. Won't be my last pair. Great shoes
B0058XJJ88 The best light women's sneakers These are my favorite sneakers. I have purchased them because I've used another pair, and there became worn out. I could not find this model in stores, so I consider myself lucky to find the pair in my size and the color I like on Amazon.
B0058XJSEI Not same as at the Puma store I love my Puma Faas300 shoe. I purchased a pair at the Puma store and was so happy that I decided on a second pair. The pair that came from my online order seem to be a scaled down version of the original. The tongue is not padded, and the heel is not as padded as my original. Also, the mesh and decorative dotted area are not the same quality. I shall keep the shoes because they fit, but probably won't buy them online again.
B0058XKRM0 Second Pair This was my second pair of the Puma Osuran, and I like the color scheme for these. They aren't bright white, which I hate white sneakers. The color is accurate in the picture as far as the sole goes. The other pair I got were from a discount shoe store, and I paid just slightly less than this amazon seller. This pair were slightly more narrow, but I'm not sure if that's because they were completely new and the other pair had been tried on a million times. I am satisfied with the fit and comfort. These are my work shoes, I work in healthcare and spend 12+ hours on my feet and these shoes are always comfortable.
B0058ZYXFA I love them I liked them so much that I ordered 2 pair! The second pair I am giving to my son for Christmas.
B0058ZYXFA Nice pair of shoes Pro: well made pair of shoes at a great price. I highly recommend.I usually buy myshoes at Kohl's but quality wasn't there. These shoes are made well and are comfortable.
B005901UOG Average I would give these shoes 2.5 stars. I love the look but it's not the most comfortable workout shoe. Heel cushion was stiffer than what I'm used to. I work out 5 days a week so it wouldn't work for me. If you were just looking for a pair to wear once in a while I think these would work. I had to return them.
B005904BRE great sneaker for insanity! I started out using Reebok freestone for insanity...no support for the amount of movement that I was doing. Don't get me wrong they are great sneakers ...but I needed a great pair of cross-trainers...Pumagility cross-trainers are excellent. Extremely comfortable and nice looking. I got the dark grey/lime green and purple pair. I'd definitely buy them again.
B00591BYFK Puma Men's Cell Turin Perf This is my second pair. I bought the first pair at finish line and fell in love with them. When I saw this pair I had to get them. They are very very comfortable for every day use.
B00591DBEW Love it Shoes look exactly as displayed and fits perfect. Stylish pair of shoes and feels great especial for the price offered, should of bout a second pair.
B00594CZLO Perfect casual shoe! First I bought this style in white canvas with the white leather "strap" over the front and my husband loved them!  He wore them into oblivion and I bought a new pair to replace them, and noticed they came in other great textures and colors.  Now he loves the corduroy ones too - they are comfy, and handsome!  I'm trying to convince my father-in-law to get a pair too.  Terrific!
B00594CZLO Comfortable and durable This a repurchase of the same shoe due to my opinion of the first pair. Unfortunately, they are now discontinued.
B00594DEB4 Puma sneakers I had bought my granddaughter a pair of Pumas last year and she wore them out. She liked them so much I bought this pair for her birthday this year. I think they run small so I had to return the first pair and get a larger size. They were exactly as shown in the picture and she really likes this style. She is very pleased with them and I will probably continue to buy similar styles for her in the future.
B00594DXK6 unbelieveable pair of boots this boots are so awseom my uncle who also loves Puma, had to get a pair for himself. great transaction as well.
B00594E6ES Great show! I have another pair similar and I love the shoe! I am sure once I bust out of these shoes I will be back here shopping for a new pair!
B00594EP1M my new favourite shoes These shoes are perfect: a sporty, modern and oh-so-comfortable twist on the classic T-bar mary-jane.The black ones are smart enough for me to wear to work both to work, and I have had compliments on them from other female colleagues who value practical and cute footwear.They are flattering, immediately comfortable, light but supportive, great for walking, and as there's a bit of ventilation in the sides, they don't make my feet sweat uncontrollably unlike other synthetically lined shoes. The sizing is true. I just wish I could get a pair in red in my size as well! I am contemplating getting a pair in the blue. Highly recommended.
B00594EP1M Wonderful Puma Shoes Puma Women's Zandy Met Shoes are very comfortable.  I bought a pair through Amazon and I hope I can find them again.  I would like to buy at least two more pairs.  I would like them in black, red or blue, size 7.5 .
B00594F444 Perfect for business casual! I bought a pair of these in a different color and liked them so much, I bought the pair in the black shimmer. I work in an office with heavy filing so I am constantly up and down and on my feet, therefore I like to wear flats.  I was having a problem finding flats that have a good insole until I found these.  They work great with dress pants and casual khaki type pants, making them perfect for a business casual office.
B00594F444 Comfort and style These are some of the most comfortable shoes I own.  I wish they were in a heavier leather so that I could wear them during the cold weather season but they are a little too light weight for that.  I like the elastic across the top which gives them a little more of a supportive feel.  The grey shimmer is a great neutral and stylish look.  Love them and will be looking for another pair when I can get them (my first pair was in the white with pink accents but I purchased those at DSW on clearance)!  I don't think Puma still makes them now but they should...
B00594FHRI Top Quality As Usual From Puma Top Quality As Usual From Puma. I'm buying three more pair. One pair in each color that they make. These are one of the most comfortable, pair of sneakers that I have ever owned. True to size, and excellent fit.
B00594FOCG I think flip flops are heavier. One of the most comfortable shoes I've worn to date. I'm seriously considering getting a second pair cause the ones I have have been in full rotation.
B00595HUJA Third pair of the same shoe cant beat the style and price. I wear these every day and the suede holds up well. Highly recommended for the fashion conscious guy
B00595JOOY Awesome shoe! This is my second pair of Puma Vedano fashion sneakers and I love them.  They are very sporty, fashionable,  and fits like a glove.
B00595JOOY Great once broken in I got these for my husband in size 13. These are leather so keep in mind that they are a little snug at first but they break in well and my husband says they are the most comfortable shoe he has worn. They look nice enough to wear with something dressy and look good with a pair of jeans too.
B00595JOOY One of the best Pumas This pair of sneakers is well designed, fits perfect and is extremely comfortable. It often makes me feel I  walking on air. I am accustom to buying Puma sneakers and the Vedano stands out as another Puma product which has stolen my heart. The seller was very timely in organizing and having this item delivered to my door step. As another purchaser had reviewed it is always good to buy a half size larger than your actual foot size, so I did and I can't regret that decision.
B00595JOOY Beautiful pair of Pumas! I love the color of the Vedano that I ordered and it's very  comfortable to wear. Looks sleek and racy. The only negative would be the USPS guy who just left the package at the door, didn't even bother to ring at all.
B00595JOOY Expect to buy another pair These are a great buy for me. Suprised how good they look, The price did the trick.Hope the thin soles last
B00595JOOY as expected This is my second pair of Vedano's... A little tight for the first couple of wear's. Bit then they were comfortable to wear all day.
B00595JOOY Super comfortable There is maybe no much to tell about a pair of shoes, but these ones have exceeded my expectations. I was a little afraid of purchasing shoes online because of the sizing problem. However, they fit exactly as they should. I always wear size 11 and that's the size I ordered and it didn't disappoint. The style looks semi-formal meaning you can almost wear them for almost every ocassion. I have received various compliments already and have only used them a few times. They look awesome with jeans and casual pants too. They are decently wide in case you have a wide foot (like me).I was amazed with the confort, they almost feel like wearing a pair of Crocs.I'd definitely be trying more Puma shoes. I also bought these pair and I'd give it a 5 star too, The only difference is that they look more Sporty...B00B9ZDYBW
B00595JOOY love my new leather Pumas beautiful pair of sneakers.delivery on time.very comfortable.all very satisfying.the shoes have a very attractive line and the leather is strong and looks heavywear.
B00595JOOY Great if you find the right size I bought these in 12 because I thought Puma's are slightly tighter than other shoes, but then when I received it, it still felt a little big. I managed to find 11.5's at the manufacturer's own online store, and bought a pair to try it out. Within a day, I bought a second &#34;backup&#34; pair, because they are so good and comfortable that I just wanted to have an extra pair for when this one wears out. I like its sleek design, sporty-yet-formal look, and have worn it to work every day since I got it. I enjoy wearing these shoes for driving as well, and gives a good heel-&-toe ability (depending on the driver's skill level) in my Abarth. I definitely recommend these to anyone.
B00599DBJO long lasting light shoe I use this flat as my regular running shoe and have over 400 miles on them so far, 60% trail, 40% road.  With about 50% of the tread worn away, I figure I have another 400 miles to go.  800 miles on a pair of shoes is awesome!  These are by far the longest lasting flats I've come across.  Within 300 miles, other brands and styles either wear down to the spike threads or the side walls get holes.  These show no signs of either happenning for a long time to come.  These also fit better and I get fewer blisters.  I plan to run the American River 50 mile endurance run with them, should be fine as I do most of my 20 mile runs with them. I just ordered another pair.
B0059BG5J0 Great kicks. Though I don't much like their cars. Love these anti-Nikes. I first saw them in a Ferrari Store but after seeing them not in my size they would not agree to find my size and ship them. Clowns. Bad customer service training!So outside the store in Waikiki I ordered them here and while the first pair had a manudfacturing defect (I would have easily found in the store had they my size) Amazon resent the second pair and I love them.The packaging is slightly different as they are simply Pumas here but I don't collect shoes I wear them.
B005B2H1FE Love these shoes At first I ordered the incorrect size (Pumas tend to run a little small), but I was able to easily exchange them for the correct ones at no additional cost. Amazon even sent the replacement pair before receiving the originals, meaning the wait time was extremely short for the right ones.
B005B2H1FE Typical Puma Holds up through the longest walks, I generally walk my dog at least 3 miles a day. My previous shoes weren't cutting it, went with a pair of Pumas and as usual they are fantastic.
B005BBADW8 The best shoes ever! I love these sneakers! Perfect fit! After one week with the first pair I got the second one! If you like running or waking these are for you.
B005CAYYOQ Nice pair of cleats. I ordered these for my first year of varsity soccer. They are very comfortable and light and work great. The price is a good deal. My friend ordered the same pair and he is satisfied with them as well.
B005CB59N0 Puma cleats Ordered the cleats for my son. They fit very well.  He usually has to try several pair on, and these fit just fine.
B005CBR5SM Very Nice Wasn't sure if I would like these.  I have around 50 pair of shoes most of which are Puma.  Gotta say these did not let me down.  People are always asking me were I go them.
B005CCMJ5A A perfect pair of cleats My daughter love it so much this pair of cleat, and they are definetely worth the price. I recommend them to everyone.
B005CK4QE4 So Far So Good! Bought this pair for my daughter who didn't want to part with her too-small Adidas. She's been wearing them every day for the last few weeks and says they are very comfortable.
B005CK4QE4 Great sneakers for girls! Both of my daughters (ages 5 and 7) love these Pumas!  They are very cute (grey and fuchsia color) and go with most outfits.  My girls are tough on their shoes, and I haven't had any problems with the quality; in fact, I've found these to be very durable... much more so than Vans which seem to come apart very quickly.  I even washed a pair in the washing machine, and they weren't destroyed and looked markedly cleaner.  I just ordered a new pair for each daughter for the upcoming school year. Just be aware that these run small (about a full size smaller than other brands).
B005CK4QE4 Lovely little shoes. Picked these up for my son after doing a bit of searching around various other sites. For the price point I was pretty happy with the aesthetics of the shoes as shown on the photographs, and we've always had good experience with the build quality of Pumas in the past.Thankfully this pair of shoes was delivered quickly and came exactly as expected. Shoe shopping online can be difficult because of the sizing, but these fit wonderfully and are definitely seem to be a quality pair of shoes so far.Definitely a quality purchase.
B005CKB0WA Love these shoes This is the second pair of Puma shoes that I have bought for my toddler twin girls (we bought a second pair only because they outgrew the first). They love them and we love them. We did have to buy a size bigger because they run small. (i.e. size 6 fits great with these but they are wearing size 5 in other brands). Fit well, durable, very cute - lots of compliments.
B005CKB0WA Cant ask for more .. I bought this pair for my daughter. I always go for a durable, comfy, light shoes for her because she has a flat feet and this pair totally meet my requirement. The color combination of this sneaker so nice, very smart looking but red adds the girly look as well. Believe me, this pair is a 'statement'.
B005CKB0WA So great - buying another pair! My daughter loves these - she is 9 but is small and still struggles with getting her shoes tied tightly.  Velcro shoes that don't look like little kid shoes....she is begging for another pair and the price was perfect.  Go Puma!
B005CKB0WA Returning them These shoes run really small. The boys 12 is smaller than a Geox 11! Not sure if all PUMAs are like this, this was the first pair we've ever tried. They also feel rather flimsy.
B005CKB0WA purchased puma shoes My granson loved his shoes. They lookef great on his feet. Will purchase another pair in adult size in the near future.
B005CKB0WA cool shoes This is the fourth pair of Puma sneakers we've purchased for our son, who is 4. We've never been disappointed, but this pair is one of the best. He has a narrow foot and these are nice and streamlined. We are all convinced that they make him run faster.
B005CKDW76 bad dont buy it I didn't  receive it on time. I had to replace the lace after the first day of school I had to get a different pair locally.
B005CKHBP0 I absolutely love these sneakers! I originally purchased the same pair in June in the white/pink for my 10 month old daughter because she was learning to walk and they fit her foot much better than other sneakers and were not heavy at all.  The white pair was wonderful for the summer, so I purchased the black pair for the winter.  I agree with other reviews that they run small.  I recommend going 1 size up because my daughter is a size 7 in her two other pair of shoes, but in these she needed a size 8.  The Velcro straps make it easy to take them on and off.  My daughter has received so many compliments about the shoes and I have recommended them to many moms who have kids just learning how to walk.
B005CKHBP0 great purchase bought these shoes for my kid, he wears both the white and black pairs to school, he is also and athlete and for a kid who runs all the time, i got him a pair of comfortable shoes
B005COZJL4 Daughters favorite shoes This has ultimately become my daughters favorite pair of shoes. I will have to order another pair for she is slowly wearing these ones out!
B005CVWYPG Love these shoes!!! These shoes are great, they are easy to put on and take off and they are very comfortable and I will purchase another pair!!!!
B005CVWYPG Love these shoes! This is the second pair of PUMA Tallula Glamm V's I have bought for my great granddaughter who just turned 3. They aren't heavy like most sneakers and she loves them. Also she can put them on herself with the easy Velcro strap.
B005CVY9RW Adorable, many comments These shoes are a second pair, for my second daughter.  We loved the first pair we bought so much we bought these for my second.  The fit is great, the colors bright, and the style adorable!  They are easy to get on the baby but she cannot easily get them off.  The shoes are soft crib shoes so the baby can still walk comfortably without wearing just socks or bare feet.  They clean well too.
B005CVY9RW Best Shoes Ever These shoes have been awesome for our daughter. She's been wearing them since about 11 mo until now 17 mo. They have traction on the bottom which is great but they're like a thick protective sock so they are super easy for her to walk in. They Velcro really easily & it's a big piece so you can tighten it. They were a bit big at first so it was nice that they stay on so well. Her feet are a little wide too but these fit around any type of foot. We ordered another pair. Love them!
B005CVY9RW Love them They are the best first pair of shoes for walking that we have had and we have four boys.  They stay on which is great.
B005CVY9RW Great first shoes! These are great first shoes! We had a pair for our son and he started walking using these and now we have this pair for our little girl. They are nice and soft, easy to take on and off and gives babies the traction needed to learn how to take those first steps!
B005CVY9RW nice shoes for starters My baby started to walk when she was 11 month old. We bought her a pair of regular shoes, but those are too stiff for her. Then we bought these shoes, they are pricy, but they are good. easy to put on with velcro, no struggling with babies on lacing up the shoes. Soft soles are very comfortable, does not restrict foot growth. But the soles  are made of soft cloth type of material,so they get worn out very soon. When babies learn to walk, they don't walk well,  their fornt part of the foot is constantly rubbing again the floor. Now my baby's toes are poking out. A extra layer of ruber with reinforace at the front get my 5 star rating. I am buying a second pair now. Hope these ones will last a little longer.
B005DTLFG6 Broke after wearing only a few times I didn't wear this pair of shoes often and the side of the right shoe broke. The leather is very thin. Very disappointed. I will never purchase any product from Puma any more.
B005ER4BRW Fantastic pair of shoes Very comfy, love the look, very very high quality. I am on my 2nd pair! Shame they are hard to find now.
B005EVOPBK Comfortable and Stylish, but they aren't red I am a fan of Pumas and own seven pairs, so I knew these shoes would be of good quality and comfortable, and they are. They seem to run true to size, and although the elastic band at the front may feel snug, it is not uncomfortable.The only problem I had with these shoes is that they are not red. The elastic strap is red. The sateen and suede parts, however, are more of a dark salmon color. This annoyed me as the color was the primary reason I bought these shoes - I needed them to go with several red items. I can't comment on the other color combinations of this style, as to whether they were true to color description and matched the online photo or not.In the end, I kept these because I do like them and I do have other things they go with. They are great as a slip-on shoe that you can easily walk in. They don't offer a lot of warmth in the winter, but they're very funky-looking and comfortable! I would purchase another pair of these, even though the color of this pair does not really match what was indicated.
B005HEJHYO Stylish - Not too practical I ordered these golf shoes because I used to wear Puma Roma tennis shoes. While these definitely have the style I was looking for, they were lacking in comfort. I tried them on after receiving them from Amazon, and quickly decided to return them. The toe box is narrow, and the material is very stiff, I couldn't imagine walking 9 holes in these, let alone 18! I do expect these to stretch out, and could very possibly become comfortable over time, but I decided to return them and save some money on a mesh adidas pair. I can't spend $100 on a pair of shoes for the hope that they stretch out.5 stars for style - 2 stars for comfort.
B005HEJK3W Awesome! Great golf shoe. Very stable and comfortable. Walked 18 holes right out of the box!!!!  Going to order another pair....
B005HEKWM0 good shoes! I have not yet used the pair for the course, however, I feel these shoes are nice fitting for me. As somebody has left message that the pair would be bigger than size indicated, I choosed half size smaller ones than usual pairs and came to know my desision wascorrect.I am looking forward to going the course with them!
B005HEN3IK Great, until... I've had these shoes since July of 2012. I play at least one round a week, sometimes three or four. For most of last year the shoes were great. They're stylish, comfortable, and very supportive.However, when winter rolled around in Southern California I began noticing that my feet were getting wet. Not my whole foot, just the bottoms. Turns out that, at some point, the soles of BOTH shoes cracked from edge to edge right along the ball of the foot where the shoe flexes the most. It's not just cracked, the sole is basically broken in half (the toe half is no longer connected to the heel half). Water now gets up in through the crack and stability and support are compromised. Also a couple of the removable cleats have come off and I think one may have even broken off, leaving some plastic in the fitting.If the sole break had occurred on just one foot I'd chalk it up to bad luck, but the fact that it happened on both shoes tells me it's a defective product, and because of that I couldn't recommend this shoe to anyone else. I'm in the process of sending these back to Puma, as they're covered by a 2 year waterproof warrantee. I definitely wouldn't buy another pair, but I'll accept a new pair for free.
B005HEP57C Super comfortable! I have had Puma golf shoes before which were very comfortable but unfortunately 2 of the loops holding the shoe laces broke. I've read previously that it has happened to others. But because of the comfort, best to date of all the other brands, I took the risk in purchasing another pair. Although I'm very tentative when I do up my laces,  I love them.  I would give them a star rating of 5 if I wasn't concerned about the laces.The are so comfortable... so x fingers with the laces!
B005I70A96 Good Starter Cleat These were my first pair of boots in years. I'd recommend them to anyone who is trying to get back on the pitch after a long break from the sport.
B005IKILF8 I love them !!!! I Love this pair of shoes. I'm on my feet all day 9 plus hours and they are great. The first day I had brought another pair of shoes to put on just in case, but was not even needed. They are light weight and are like having socks on. I have a wide foot and this shoe is just right. They look so good 3 other women at work have ordered them also. I hope they get my size in , in the other colors because I will get them.
B005LCD60I Luv'em Great pair of sneakers, my only complaint/ observation is that the puma symbol is very incredibly white.But other then that I am very satisfied with these sneakers. Very comfortable and looks great with jeans or shorts.
B005LCD60I Nice and comfort really light shoes and very comfortable. Colors are Great! This is my first Puma tennis shoes, but of course I will try another pair.
B005LCD60I Favorite Pair of Shoes I love these shoes.  I purchased a pair of these 5 years ago and wore them to death and have always wanted another pair.  They fit and look great.
B005LCD60I I didn't like the color. There is another pair very similar but dark gray instead of forest green which is much better looking but $70 more.
B005LCD60I Like a slipper Have an older pair that I simply love - but finally showing signs of near-future retirment.  Was glad to find this set available again and at a great price.  Possibly the most comfortable sneakers I own for daily wear.  Since I don't use them for athletic purposes, I can't comment on longevity, etc but the previous pair (still going) lasted for years.
B005LCD60I So Nice, Bought it Twice! These are Great sneakers, great price. I had to buy another pair. I now have Eight more words required submit
B005LCENV4 Way too small A pair of size 13 shoes and there is barely room for anything else. If you plan on taking a pair of shoes to the gym and nothing else, this bag might serve you well.
B005OKXALW Classic My husband loves this style for summer. The size 12 in the color was a bit tighter than the size 12 in another pair we purchased at Nordstrom.
B005OMEGTA VERY WONDERFULLY COMFORTABLE!!! Great fit and soooooo comfy! Quickly becoming my favorite tennis shoes....will be looking for the same pair in different colors...when they go on sale! :)
B005OMFAYK Shoes for the environmentally aware While not all Pumas are sustainability-driven (as far as I know), these shoes and another pair I have contain a large amount of post-consumer waste. I don't have the numbers, look them up yourselves.  If you like the style of Pumas, though, then it's just an added benefit to reduce one's carbon footprint.And I get a ton of complements on how then look.
B005OS2EYI Great for all around exercise I am a beginning exerciser in a bunch of different areas but I can't afford a different pair of sneakers tailored to every activity. These crossfit shoes work well for jogging, elliptical, biking, and strength training. And of course they are good for walking. They are very sleek and cute as well which can be hard to find in good athletic shoes.
B005OS7VPA Great shoe I had a pair of these previously and wore them out. I wear them for aerobics and on the exercise machines. Light weight and easy to slip off and on.
B005OS7VPA Like bare feet with support! This is my third pair of these wonderfully supportive flats and I hope they never stop making them just the way they are!  I was amazed with the first pair how much support there is because of the wide elastic strap, which holds the shoe to your arch and cradles it.  I had a total knee replacement two years ago and was having trouble finding a shoe that would be supportive, but flat.  This shoe is perfect for my needs and is cute as well.
B005OS7VPA When a "Pair" of shoes aren't a "Pair" I picked these shoes up to replace some Jambu sneaks that I wore the treads off. I have long, bony feet (yeah, they are just beautiful) and the only review on these stated that they were great for narrow feet.  Width should not be the only consideration if you are looking at buying these shoes. The pair I got (if you can call two such different shoes a "pair") had major fit issues. Both the shoes, and the box, stated they were a 9.5 B. One shoe fit more like a 9.5 2A, the other fit like it was a 10 c/d. The heel area rise was also completely different. The narrower shoe had a higher heel rise and was uncomfortably high, while the wider shoe's rise was lower. (I actually put the shoes back to back and there was probably a quarter inch difference between the two shoes.) There also was very little arch support in the shoe box. I reported the issue to Amazon (who knows - maybe one shoe came from China and the other from Uzbekistan) but didn't like either shoe enough to try a different "pair".Not Recommended.
B005OS7VPA Great Pair of Puma's I was so glad to find a pair of ballerina shoes like these for my night school. They are stylish yet comfortable. Although they look a a little different in person, they are still cute. Some reviews, on other websites, stated the shoe ran small. I normally wear a 7.5, however I always wear an 8 with Puma, since their shoes run small. They are perfect and I am not dealing with any rubbing on the back of the ankle problems like some buyers have stated. Once again, Puma delivered. I absolutely love these shoes.
B005OT1UI8 Perfect pair I have a pair of these. I knew that I had to order 1/2 size smaller. I could not find them in the stores anymore but was thrilled to find them at Amazon. It is a lady-like look but wears like a sneaker. I get so many compliments each time I wear them. Just like my first pair, I know I will get my money's worth. Love them!
B005OTA9R6 Soft great fitting shoes I have been searching for a pair of white Puma shoes and found this pair. This are great fashion shoes. Comfortable for site seeing, shopping or to lounge in.
B005OTA9R6 Great shape... look good on. Wanted another pair of sneakers to use for Zumba. I have the Puma Janine Dance in white and wanted a darker shoe. Purchased these as I knew that I already liked the way they fit. The black seems to run a little smaller/tighter. Overall, they are serving their purpose, arriving in a timely manner.
B005OTA9R6 great for zumba! Love these shoes - great for dance / Zumba classes! lightweight and flexable - laces stay tied - have been thinking about ordering another pair
B005OTA9R6 Great shoes, and look quite fashonable I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them. They fit right and they are quite confortable. I am thinking of buying her another pair in a different color.
B005OTA9R6 Great looking Pumas shoes in general runs small. I recommend ordering +1 size. With that you should not have any problem. I did that with mine as well as a different pair I bought for my husband
B005OTA9R6 Just what I was looking for! There were no white Pumas in town and I love this shoe- third time I have bought it!Hope I'll be able to get another pair next year...
B005OTA9R6 My Pumas I haven't wore my shoes out in public yet....im waiting on my puma shirt to come in the mail....then I will wear my whole fit....but I love the color....they are a half size to big....but im still going to wear them....they are my first pair but not my last pair....I have several pairs that I want from amazon....and im going to get them.
B005OTBH0O Love these shoes I've had my pair of speeders for about 3 years now. After heavy use they are finally wearing out now and I plan to replace them with another pair.The shoes mold to your feet very easily (mine look all warped, but fit my feet perfectly).The mesh is nice because it allows your feet to breathe a little.Only Cons I can think of are:If the ground/grass is wet then it just soaks through the mesh, but it dries quickly.Because of the outsole (bottom) design stuff does get stuck in them a lot - pebbles, grass, mud, etc, so just make sure you wipe your feet off well before entering a building!
B005PPNSFE Not as pictured Picture shows one white pair with black trim and one black pair with white trim. Instead each sock is half white and half grey.
B005PVNAT2 Great piece! Ok, first of all, I do not like when a great pair of shoes get a bad grade because someone accidentally got a wrong size. Amazon has a great return policies so if you do come to that situation, you can get a different pair without a problem.As most other Puma shoes, these ones are very comfortable piece. They look very good (pretty much same as on the picture) and don't wear off easily at all. I had them for maybe 3 moths and they still seem like they are brand new (with the fact that i wore them close to every day).As far as the price goes, if you get them in the range of 30-40$, you got yourself a great deal.Only bad thing I could say would be that they are not currently on the prime list so the shipping costs extra.So, overall, I would give these Pumas a 4.5 stars for being a great pair of shoes.
B005S0PAN4 Poor Quality Despite the positive reviews about the quality of this shoe, we have had the opposite experience.  Within about a month of wearing the shoes, one of the Ferrari logos came off.  Now, after just a few months, the stitching on both shoes is coming undone in multiple places where the two pieces of leather meet.  Every pair of shoes we've purchased for him have been Pumas and we've been satisfied until this pair.  For as expensive as they were, I expected them to be of much better quality and last longer than a few short months.
B005S0QEXE Love them I needed an all white pair of sneakers for my son. I can never find an all white pair in the stores so I went with this pair I found and they are great! They go with everything, are comfortable and my son LOVES them! Of course since they are white and they are for a toddler they do get dirty but all you need to do is wipe them off and they are back to new.
B005S0QEXE Great buy Good looking sneakers!  My twins first pair and they fit perfect. No complaints and I couldn't be more happy =)
B005XS4BQI Light and comfortable! I've been wearing Puma athletic shoes since I was a teenager and have never been disappointed. The Cell Turin is a fantastic looking shoe and I get a lot of complements on them. The shoes are so light, supportive and comfortable that you will want to wear them all the time. I actually have another pair now in a different color combination so I can change out shoes and give the other pair a break. I know from past experience these shoes will last based on the design, materials, and build quality. Highly recommend!
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoe and fit!!!!! These shoes are so incredibly comfortable, and the fit is true to size!!! This is my first pair of PUMAS, but definitely not my last. I absolutely love them, and highly recommend buying them!!!
B005ZFCUIA Excellent pair! Happy Happy! Fit as I expected and those shoes are very comfortable in fact I do want to buy me another pair in the future.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoes These are the first pair of pumas I have ever bought. These trainers are awesome the most comfortable that I have ever worn and I work out daily. Excellent for running walking and aerobics. Going to by a few more pairs..
B005ZFCUIA Love these!!! I've always wanted a nice pair of Puma's and I absolutely love these! They are pretty and stylish, and are perfect for running and working out at the gym as they are nice and light! I am usually between a 7 and 7.5, I decided to go with the 7.5 as I know that Puma's are a little more fitted and run smaller. These fit perfect! They were a little snug at first but after a few uses they have shaped perfectly to my feet. My new favorite pair of shoes for the gym!
B005ZFCUIA Great pair of shoes. Fits perfectly as expected. Looks just like the picture as expected. I would definitely get a new pair in the neR future.
B005ZFCUIA BUY! Shoes and super comfortable and the colors look awesome with the black! I will be buying another pair in a different color next!
B005ZFCUIA Great pair of sneakers These are nice fitting shoes, they are super bright, and they are perfect for the gym. Get yours and be the envy of all your friends!
B005ZFCUIA Love! Perfect fit! True to size and so comfortable! I am using these for Zumba and they are perfect! I am ordering a second pair to wear everyday!
B005ZFCUIA My new faves! These are super comfortable! Love them for dance, workout, and working!! Will definitely get another pair sometime! Fit is great as is feel.
B005ZFCUIA happy so far I like the Puma brand to begin with.  I bought a pair of Saba Ballet flats a year ago for comfortable work shoes.  I get compliments on them all the time and despite the frequent wear, they've lasted.  I will be picking up another pair before they even consider discontinuing them.  So, because of the good experience I had with the flats, I thought I'd give these running shoes a try.  So comfortable.  The friend I run with stopped in her tracks when she saw me "CUTE SHOES!"  I'll update my review after I've had some time in these.  But so far, I'm a happy girl.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes Love! Very lightweight and comfortable. Just went for my first run in them last night. They fit true to size. These are my second pair of Puma runnung shoes and I can easily day that I'm a Puma loyal for life.
B005ZT6ODS Hands down these pants are her favorite. My daughter had a pair of these which she wore over and over and eventually outgrew, so I got her another pair the next size up, and she wears them several times a week. They are incredibly comfortable, she says.They fit better than any other yoga pant we've come across. She is not overly thin, but she is trim from playing soccer, and most other elastic waist pants are too loose around her waist. These fit closely enough in the waist and hip to stay put without being overly tight or uncomfortable. I would give these a five star rating for fit alone.These are a bit pricy for a child's clothing item, but well worth every penny because of how much they are used and loved. I will be ordering a second color for Christmas.
B0069RLG4W The greatest sneakers! These are by far the most comfortable sneakers I've ever worn. Pumas are always my favorite, but these are even better than my last favorite pair. I feel like I could run all day wearing these! They feel like I'm walking on clouds. Wonderful fluffy bouncy turquoise clouds. So awesome. And I love the color, it's such a great bold turquoise. Love. &lt;3
B0069YA0MO Is inconsistent with a similar pair I bought at Nordstrom. this item was too small and lacked the cushioning which the Nordstrom This shoe was NOTHING like a pair of G Vilas I had previously purchased at Nordstrom. The item was too small and lacked cushioning I previously experienced with this shoe.
B006MWH1S4 Great idea, terrible execution for me.  Perfection for my close friend. I returned them for a refund.  I've never bought a pair of shoes where the heal size and the toe size don't come close to matching, and I'm 69, so I've bought allot of shoes.  My good friend Luke has a pair and he totally loves them, and he has had them for 3 years, and plans to by another pair soon.
B006MWH1S4 Love these shoes This particular shoe is my favorite.  I purchased a pair from Macys many years ago which since periled.  I fond these on amazon and they were the same exact ones which I wanted to get.  Sure enough when the package arrived they proved to be the same ones and I am hoping that this sellers sticks around so I don't ever have to miss wearing these again if they do go through wear and tear.
B006OEGJO2 Unbelievably comfortable.... and a STEAL Bought a second pair from Amazon after buying a pair at a golf store and playing one round in them. Super comfy and ballin' at the same time. I think they are getting discontinued so get them if they have your size.  Great deal.
B006OEY2NC great show if it was new I really like the golf shoe but it seemed as though i got a used pair that had scuff marks and grass stains on them
B006OEY2NC great golf shoes I ordered a pair too small and returned them.  When I got the right size, I have worm them for three rounds of golf.  They feel VERY comfortable and are easy to clean.  I would buy another pair.
B006OEY2NC Great price and great shoes This is my first pair of spikeless shoes.  They fit better than expected.  I have a slightly wide foot, and they fit just fine.  They function just as well as spiked shoes and they are a lot more comfortable.  They look good too.  I am thinking of getting the white/blue pair too.
B006OEY2NC wouldnt purchase again i bought these shoes in the middle of the season this year and they were what i was expecting at first, extremely comfortable, looked great easy to clean. but by the third or fourth time i put them on the soles began to separate and fall apart, i could see this happening after maybe a year or so but not after just a few times. this is the first pair of puma shoes that ive ever been disappointed in
B006OEY2NC Great pair of shoes and price. I liked these on my first round out. Very comfortable and did not hurt my feet. These are my first spike less pair of shoes and I am very happy with them. I've only used them once and did not feel like I had to break them in. I feel like it was a great buy for myself.
B006OEY2NC Best golf shoe I ever bought. Best golf shoe i ever bought. Comfortable from the start no breaking in  required. In fact i liked the first pair so much i have 2  new pairs waiting in the wings.
B006OEY2NC Great looking shoe. Great look and nice fit.  I would reccomend this shoe highly. I am thinking about getting another pair in case this pair gets wet.
B006QNQSV0 Bought second pair Brown shoes are hard to find.  Add to this fact that having bunions makes finding a good fitting and comfortable pair of shoes harder than finding a needle in a hay stack.  We have two homes and I bought a pair for each!
B006QNQUH2 Love Them! Sizing was similar to Puma athletic shoes.  Comfortable and still look great with black pants, etc.  Definitely my latest go to pair.
B006QNQUH2 Great shoes! I love these shoes.  I did have to exchange for 1/2 size down, but the 8.5's fit great. I wore them all day the first day I had them and had no discomfort.  They look cute with jeans & shorts.  I wish they had them in brown as I'd get another pair.
B006QNQUH2 comfey shoe The first pair I bought were different sizes even though they were both marked the same. Amazon madea difficult return and repurchase (being from overseas) efficient and reasonably painless.The next pair arrived quick and were ok. Have been wearing with no problems.
B006QO2XP4 Love these Shoes I am a waitress, and I work long hours on my feet.  I've been wearing these shoes for almost two weeks, and I haven't had any problems!  I plan on buying another pair when I wear these out!!!
B006QOI30I Puma shoes are great! Had a similar they were my favorite for comfort, lightweight and fit. My daughter talked me out of them, and I had to find another pair similar I missed them so.much.
B006QOIFO2 fantastic shoes first i saw the price... then the brand. so i bought them. worth every penny. they are fresh looking, comfortable and durable shoes. liked them so much i bought a second pair. the only downside is that the first two times you wear 'em they might leave your foot a bit sore.
B006QOIGTG My Grandson loves them. I had recently bought another pair of Pumas for my Grandson and he loved them so much I ordered these. These are his favorite of the two.
B006QOJ3HK Comfortable I find these shoes that I got through Amazon are very comfortable and easy to get on and off. I bought another pair inA different color.
B006QOJ5E6 DOPE! Added to the list of sick Pumas I own.  One of my new favorite pair of high tops for sure
B006QOJ8PM Great workout shoes I order these shoes to work out in. I love them! I usually buy Nike but I will definitely be purchasing more Pumas. They have great support and are comfortable. I wish I could find a pair in women sizes though.
B006QOJ8PM Just what he wanted This is my sons 3rd pair in this style. First pair in black. He says they are comfortable and fit as previous two pairs.
B006QOJ8PM surprised but not really I was a little concerned when I first opened these up. They looked, well cheap. I'm a Puma freak. Literally all my sneakers are Puma's. So when I picked these up my first reaction was wow these are plasticky and poorly made. Well I put them on and let me just say that these are my most comfortable pair I own.. I'm extremely pleased with the comfort. Might have to get another pair in a different color!
B006QOJ8PM Great pair if shoes This shoe fits very well. Its a very nice looking shoe and is very comfortable walking , running in or working out in.I will buy another pair.
B006QOJ8PM great shoe Fit perfect. Extremely comfortable. Buying another pair in different color. Puma shoes are the most comfortable and great price on Amazon.
B006QOJ8PM Fits just right. Fits as expected, feels great on my feet.  I haven't bought Pumas in years, love these so much, I bought another pair.
B006QOJ8PM Average comfort but cool looking I was first drawn to the PUMA Tazon shoe because of it's stylish look.  But when I put them on they were a little snug and not as comfortable as my past pair of Adidas or Head Tennis shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe This was a gift for my boyfriend. They are true to size and picture. He is very pleased. These are his first pair of puma's. And he says they won't be his last.
B006QOJ8PM Look & Fit Awesome! I was sceptical about buying shoes on line.  I'm glad I did.  My new Puma's fit awesome and look even better.  I may look for a 2nd pair in black...
B006QOJ8PM They are always comfortable. Got them in 2 business days. This is my forth pair of Pumas. They are always comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM He Loved Them Bought these for my boyfriend from after him having a pair of Nike's and he's absolutely in love with them!
B006QOJ8PM Started falling apart the 2nd time I wore them. I bought these as purely a shoe to wear to work. I sit at a desk most of the day. On the second day I wore these shoes, I noticed that the rubber sole was peeling away at the heel on one shoe.Because of this, I cannot recommend them and can't imagine them being used for working out, outdoors, etc.Maybe I received a bad pair. I actually purchased mine from 6PM which was about $30 cheaper than Amazon.
B006QOJ8PM Drat. Two stars for looks. A very handsome pair of shoes. Would love to tell you how they perform and last but they are so undersized there was no need to even tie one shoe. I do look forward to them getting some in a larger size.
B006QOJ8PM unique Love the unique style, not a pair usually seen. Previous puma have always worn well, very comfortable. Same pair 55 at penneys and just 40 at big5. Bought two pairs, when one set wears out will already have an extra pair. Hate looking around later for shoes and styles/colors very hard to find. Amazon usually a good place for a large variety of shoes, pay extra to get what i want when cant find in stores(or just get tired of looking).
B006QOJ8PM This Shoe ROCKS! First pair of Pumas ever and won't be my last. Just ordered another pair, different style. Super comfortable,well made and everyone takes notice. They look great w/ track pants, shorts and jeans. Love the color and especially the large Puma outline on the side of the shoe. Pictures don't do justice. Buy these now!
B006QOJ8PM Great look and comfort all in one The look of the sneaker is really nice. I've had a few random people compliment them. But what good would a good looking pair of sneakers be if your feet were killed after walking in them? No worries about that happening with these Pumas. No matter what surface you walk on, you'll feel like your walking on a cushioned surface. I've walked several miles in them in just the few days I've had them and I absolutely love the comfort!I'll be getting another pair of different color !
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable I have never has a puma sneakers before so this is my first and it is very comfortable. I will probably purchase another one since the price is reasonable.
B006QOJ8PM Second pair of Puma's I've owned.  Most comfortable shoes ever! I love the styes and colors that Puma shoes offer.  Just bought my 8yr old his first pair of Pumas
B006QOJ91U Great shoes! This is my second pair of Pumas and I must say that I continue to be very pleased.  The shoes are comfortable and very attractive.  I wore Pumas as a youth and I appreciate the brand as a whole!
B006QOJDAW comfortable I bought this sneakers a few weeks ago. I bought a size 8.5 and the length was perfect but across the instep was a bit tight, so I bought another pair, this time a size 9. Across the instep was still slightly tight but after wearing it a few times, it stretched and became very comfortable. Thanks Amazon, I would always purchase from you guys.
B006QOK6TY LOVE THESE SHOES I can't say enough for theses shoes ---they are priced right and the comfort exceeded my expectations----so much that I bought  my daughter a pair
B006QOK6TY Stiff These shoes are wonderful to wear with jeans and overall I am very happy with my pair. However, they are taking a long time to break in and have been giving me blisters on the backs of my heels.
B006QOKWDE Amazing!!!! Best shoes ever!!! These pair of shoes are perfect for motorsports. If you do fencing this pair is perfect!! Amazing!!!
B006QOL57G Puma Loser Loved the way this shoe looked, and the price was right too. But unlike another pair of Pumas that were lightweight and nearly barefoot construction, I found these to be uncomfortable-- with a seam right across little toe area--and stiff. Wish I had not worn my old Pumas so much that the style number disappeared. But not these puppies: they got sent back the same day they arrived!
B006QP3CCQ my first pumas i have a nice collection of sneakers, mostly chucks, but these are my first pair of pumas. I purchased them because of the color and price. They are comfy and cute. I think there will be more puma sneakers in my future!
B006QPN3ZW Love them... I purchased these for my friend and he thinks they are comfortable and fashionable. He wants to get another pair in the black color also
B006QQ0WYG great shoes They are great looking and high quality shoes. They are my first puma Ferrari and I like them so much that I an going to by again for sure. I went into a puma store and I got to try one pair to see how they look and feel, but they where pretty expensive. I find out the size I wear and then I bought a pair from amazon and I got the best deal.
B006QQ14NY Got it at a low price, but do not see it was nearly 100$ normal price It was at a bargain price. But when you see the material it is not as good and leather as my other Puma Ferrari shoes. Seems like plastic, feels like plastic and feels it will not last for long. The stripe print is not impressive, but cheap. I love my other pair that I got from the Puma Outlet at only slightly more dollars, but this pair is not going to be my favorite..
B006QQ18MQ Nice casual shoe. I gave my son a pair earlier in black which I purchased for me but it was too small.  It fit my son fine which he likes to wear to work out in so I purchased this pair for him in red.  This shoe is narrow and 1/2 to 1 size small.
B006QQ1B3W Its a puma! What else do you need to know? I love pumas and have 5 different pair and these look great but one thing to note. The tips of most shoes are flat or rounded slightly but these are bordering pointy so be aware of that. Other than that they look awesome!
B006QQ1B3W light weight Puma Cat 4 are very light weight, and at times you do not even know you have shoes on., i have bought a extra pair just in case i can no longer find any.....
B006QQ1MAY Awesome Puma High Tops I wear these to the gym and are nice enough to wear casually with a pair of jeans. I love these shoes.
B006QQI76Q 3rd pair this style of shoe fits my son perfectly - he has a narrower foot and the shape and design works great for him -- this was the third pair of this shoe he has had.
B006QQI76Q Feedback They look great and met my expectations.  As previous comment from another purchaser recommend you try a pair on before ordering.  They run small in size compared to similar sports shoes.
B006QZ3X02 I'd buy another pair..... These pants fit well and the fabric is nice.  I'd buy another pair if they had my size.....It seems I bought the last medium.
B006W1DT1I Does not fit true to size This was our second pair ordered and they were both too small.  The second pair fit better, but after they were worn once outside, she decided they were again too small.  Bummer
B006WEI3BQ Light and comfortable Though these sneakers cost more than I wanted to pay and purple wasn't my first choice for sneakers (what happened to plain white sneakers?) they are surprisingly comfortable after hours of walking over uneven ground.  They are much lighter than my last pair (of Reeboks) which I'm sure contributes to the comfort.  The purple isn't too intense so if I squint they almost pass for plain sneakers.  As a surprise added benefit, they have a low profile so I didn't have the usual qualms about packing sneakers in my suitcase.  They took up about the same amount of space as a pair of Teevas.  They have just become my favorite travel shoe and will be the first sneaker I look at when these need replacement.  Now that I've had a chance to wear them I'd also say they are certainly worth what I paid for them.
B006WO90Q8 Pretty good This is my second pair, but I think the first one (which is not quite the same) feels a little bit better.
B006WO90Q8 Love them! We found a pair of these at Bealls and my boyfriend bought them.  We searched high and low to find another pair, then I turned to Amazon!  He loves these shoes.  They don't crowd his toes.
B006ZNNYPE two pair I loved puma so much when I was a child it is great to have them available in my older years
B006ZO3U0C awesome My grandson loves them.  The colors were accurately pictured.  They are extremely comfortable when he is running track.  Would definitely buy another pair if foot continues to grow.
B0071BW9KK I get the pair of shoes but the same foot bad, not recommended at all, because I get the pair of shoes for the same foot that terrible mistake. bad
B0071BW9KK SHOES LOVE MY PUMA SHOES, THEY GO WITH EVERYTHING, I HAVE BOUGHT SEVERAL PAIR IN DIFFERENT COLORS. DON'T NO WHAT YOUR MISSING...
B0071BW9KK Looks Great feels Horrible! I was so excited to fine a pair of Puma at such a great deal. I love Puma kicks and the price was right but after wearing them for 30/40 minutes I had two blisters one each on the back of my foot just above my heel. I had to stop in a shoe store in the mall and buy a pair of sandals just to get through the day. A nice lady in the mall offered me some band aids for my blisters! Be careful with this purchase I don't recommend them. I think it was the flap in the back of the shoe that kept rubbing against my skin. I still have a dark mark on the back of my right foot!
B0071BW9KK Very nice pair. I was so happy you had this color that maches my uniform for work. They had them at the Footlocker store, but another customer took the last pair.
B0071DQJJU Good economic shoe I wear size 13 but purchased a size 14 due to the previous reviews.  It was definitely the right choice.These shoes are nice.  My only complaint is that after I play, my heels are sore.  I wore an older pair of indoor shoes and did not have that same problem.  I purchased another pair of shoes and I do not have that problem with them either.  I wonder if the heel cushion in this shoe lacks something?Overall, a good economic shoe.
B0071F0WQE Great Cleats! I bought these for my daughter and she's loved them from the moment she put them on.  She said they were more comfortable and more flexible than her other pair that are well broken in!
B0071RGGYY Great shoe for crawling/early walking! I have a pair of these and a pair of the popular soft sole slip on shoes (like roobeez).  These are significantly easier to put on (which is nice for a wiggly kid like mine), they fit my son's feet better and have more grip on the bottom.  Besides, not kidding, I get multiple comments on them everytime I bring him out in public wearing them.
B00721KB86 My second pair Puma sneaker I have very small feet (size 2.5), I am in my 40's and it's very hard to find sneakers that fit and yet they don't look like they are kids' sneakers.  I liked these in blue so much that I ended up ordering another pair in red.  Very comfortable, light and easy to put them on and taking them off.  Great for traveling especially when you have to go through airport security and you are requested to remove your shoes.
B00727EJIS Product not holding Purchased 40 days ago and bottoms are falling out already which is disappointing, usually a big promotor of Pumas but not on this kids pair. Laces also fell apart immediately, maybe it got lemon pair...
B00727EJIS Cute! I love these shoes! The color is true to the picture and they fit perfect. I am thinking I need another pair in another color! These will be my go to shoes at all times when I am running errands and lounging.
B00727EJIS thank you Fits just right,comfortible while running. Considering getting another pair.lets your feet breath while walking.one two three four five six seven.
B00727EVWM My soon loves them These are the 3rd pair of my soon. He love's them, they are comfortable, light weight and durable. We will not look for any other brand!
B0073G9NNO Great Price. Held up for the season. These track shoes are far less expensive than almost all of the others and less than his track coach said was possible. He used them the entire season and is still using the first pair for practice. We've purchased a second pair for this spring.They look nice too.
B0073G9NNO GREAT RACING SHOES These are great shoes. I had an orange pair I bought at a shoe store and i wore them for high school track and cross-country season. Once they were to small and getting worn i decided to buy another pair. The shoes shipped fast and fit perfectly. They a are very comfortable shoes, and once these once get worn out, ill probably buy them again.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes worth it! My son is a sophmore in high school, top runner in his event, he says they fit perfect, he says they are tight in the middle which gives him the support he needs!  Considering ordering another pair for back up!!
B0073G9NNO I love these shoes!!! These have got to be the most comfortable shoes i've ever ran in in 10yrs. They are so comfortable. You can even wear them around and they dont feel weird as if you were wearing tap dancing shoes. I want to buy another pair very soon. I wish I could find a bunch of different colors for them here... I would definitely buy them.They arrived very fast. Definitely hats off to them for quick delivery. I have amazon prime i base most of my purchases on being able to receive them fast and a good price. well "Prime Sports" Came through big time on both. Directly from the seller USPS!!! I look forward to doing more business with you in the future.
B0073GAUC2 Replacement its the second pair I got from this model and I finished with the old one my Marathon under 4h last year..
B0073IR6PE Pleasant Surprise I purchased the dark grey and red pair and was surprised how light they were and stylish at the same time. I liked them so much I purchased the yellow pair to play basketball in and also plan to get the green pair as well. One of the best athletic shoes I've owned in a long time and with my running, cross training, and basketball playing I am pleased with my choice 100 percent!!!!
B0073IRJOW Bought same style different fit had bought the exact same style before, shoe is much tighter than other pair of same size and style. Not satisfied
B0073IW118 Great fit Love  the way they work on the pickleball court, being so flex able  and would buy another pair. Looks good.
B0073J8SG4 COMFORT Very soft and comfortable on feet - real cushoiny and easy to walk in and well worth the money. Everybody should get a pair
B0073XIITC not the best. Is not soft than what I tough. But is kind comfortable. And  fit ok.Not my best pair a shoes.
B0073XIITC Perfect fit As a young lady with big feet (size 11) it is difficult to purchase shoes in store, let alone online. After buying a similar pair of these at JC Penney, I decided to take a chance and order a second pair online once my others wore out. They are very shaped to your feet which I find very comfortable, because though it is shaped it is not TIGHT. I wear these to work where I am on my feet anywhere from 8-12 hours steady every day. The white is also really nice, however they mark up quite easily. Overall, a really good quality shoe and worth what I paid.
B0073XIITC great shoes all around I love my pumas they are very comfortable and are exactly as pictured. I will be buying another pair soon.
B0073XIITC Best shoe I've had in years I actually bought another pair right after wearing them the first time. I love them. Definitely worth the money. :)
B0073XIITC My new favorite shoe I was worried about the fit but ordered my usual size that I order in other brands and the fit was perfect.  This was my first pair of Puma' s and after wearing them for the past week I have been very pleased with them.  The pink is very bright and I have received many compliments on them.  I will comment on the way they hold up over time as I wear them.
B0073XIITC Best shoe I love these shoes. When these wear out, I will get another pair like it. They are very comfy! Thanks!
B0073XIITC comment i don't think I have ever loved a pair of shoes until i got these. They fit exactly like I wanted them to and they look perfect!
B0073XIITC Perfect Fit I couldn't be happier with this cross training shoe. I have always purchased Nike, knowing the fit was perfect; this is my 1st pair of Puma's and I couldn't be happier.
B0073XIITC Puma Love the Puma's very comfortable and will definately purchase another pair. I will recommend Puma brand. Very light as well as they look good
B0073XIITC great fit Happy with fit and comfortable. Delivered on schedule. My 10 year old daughter wants me to get her a pair.
B0073XIM5W love these shoes Had a pair of these before and wore them out!  got this new pair and am very pleased with them...wear them all the time when not at work.  look great with casual styles. good quality.
B00750SHK8 awesome shoes - wish I could get my size I bought a  pair and I absolutely love it. I do have to get a 1/2 size smaller. I would love to get another pair but can't find my size anywhere - 7 - . I do not where else to search. Puma has made others and I have looked at many other brands but none compare to this pair: stylish and super comfortable.
B00754HAKC amazing Shoes are great.. light weight and breathable.. i work out in them.. run in them.. and hqvw since gotten a second pair..
B0076D2MLE The eyes love them! These are great for casual wear. They wrap around very well. Color transition on the frame from black to brown/green looks very cool. Lenses have a very subtle green tint. This is my second pair in this style, I also have one in blue/black. Highly recommended!
B0077244WE Amazing Cleats I have never owned a pair of Puma's before so I was a little nervous about the size.  I usually wear an 11.5 so that is what I ordered and it fits perfectly.  These are the best fitting cleats I have ever owned.
B0077BWNFA Stylish, Comfortable Shoe I now have 2 pair of this Puma model in different colors.  They are comfortable and smart looking.  I have a wide foot and as the other reviewer noted they are initially tight but loosen up as they break in.  As with most of Puma shoes I would get a 1/2 size larger so as to fit well.  If one desires they have an easily removed insole and can be readily replaced with another one.
B0077C0KYA WoW What a comfort pair of pumas and the look really slick!I would have given it a 5 star but on my right shoe there is some glue on it. Other than that hot
B0077C0KYA PUMA shoe always are great I bought these pair which it appealed to me from Amazon. The price sure was right, and rational. Puma is sure always my brand. My only observation I can&#8217;t recommend it to people with wide foot similar to mine, sure it will be perfect with a narrow foot.  I have kept this pair despite I am not comfortable with it, with the hope it will get better with extensive use, and moreover because it&#8217;s a Puma. I&#8217;ll  giving it only 4 stars.
B0077CKYK0 Puma Mesh Sneakers These sneakers are a Christmas gift for my son.  He already has one pair and he really likes them.  So we opted to get him another pair for Christmas.  He is very hard to please when it comes to sneakers.  These fit the bill.
B007IVN1Q4 The perfect light weight shoe This is the 3rd pair of these I've bought I even bought a pair for someone else.  They fit perfectly and they are so light I love them.
B007IW8NJS Love these! Very comfortable and great price. Would like to order another pair in different color if I can find at same price.
B007J4B1QM sneakers sneakers are of good quality, lightweight and this it was good. I would buy another pair. I will probably bye a white pair or blue pear in the future
B007J4IBEM Great Shoes! I've owned two different pairs of these shoes in two colors, and they hold up great. I wear them every day, and it really took a long time to wear down my first pair, maybe a whole year. Eventually the sole had worn down, but structurally they are very good. I find them to be very comfortable, and even a little bit waterproof in puddles and rain.
B007J58WA4 Great shoes I've had these shoe for about two months now and they have thus far held up pretty nicely. They're also quite comfortable to walk in. I would definitely recommend buying a pair.
B007J599HY Awesome Shoe for a unbelievable price I'm a shoe fanatic that buys high end shoes. I've never worn or purchased a pair of Pumas in my life. I was surfing the web for Cole Haan shoes, and I just happen to come across these Pumas. It was love at first sight, so I had to have the. 100% Satisfied! I absolutely love the Puma GV Advantage Boot.
B007J5K734 Puma Womans winning DVA Ballerina Bubbles Not happy with this shoe, loved my last pair of Puma's (zandy's) they were my favorite shoe. This pair not so much, very stiff and they kill my feet!
B007JAN0OC For true fans only! If you're a pseudo-fan, you'll still look good. But real fans will feel great after buying a pair.These shoes look great. I love wearing them. I've yet to see anyone else with a pair.
B007JASSKI Run narrow but great shoes After owning a pair of Drift Cat IIIs in leather for just about two years, making them the longest lasting pair of mass-produced shoes I've ever had, it was time for an upgrade so I picked up a pair of these.Like most racing-inspired Pumas they run very narrow, but my feet aren't wide to start with so I'm okay with that.I haven't had these Drift Cat 4 WinterRaces long yet but the "winter race" style already has a noticeably thicker sole than the others did. The thicker sole makes the shoe feel more traditional and spongy and probably is a bit more comfortable for people who are used to standard "supportive" shoes. On the flip side, a thicker sole also makes the shoes a little less awesome for driving.The style of stitching on the uppers combined with vent holes and shiny leather makes the shoe look a lot dressier than the Drift Cat IIIs.Overall I think these are high-quality value shoes like most of the other leather race Pumas. They feel very solid and if my last pair was any indication, will hold up great.
B007JASSKI Comfy in one color, tight in another Bought this style in black with white/yellow trim and it fit well. I am normally a 10.5 but I ordered an 11, the half size being for length not width issues (I find Pumas generally run narrow and I am normally a 10.5 in most other brands).The first pair felt very comfortable out of the box and I have worn it about 10 times and walked about 5-10 miles (indoors and out) in them without any problems. I commute by foot everyday and log about 12-15 miles per week in my shoes. In a few trips to work in these shoes it passed all my litmus tests: my feet never hurt, they fit like a glove, am able walk at full speed without feeling unbalanced or awkward, shoes don't yet look worn.Because of this positive experience I bought the Black with the Red trim.  These arrived and felt significantly tighter and more narrow than the Black/Yellow pair (I remember how the Black/Yellow felt out of the box, and am not mistakenly comparing a broken-in pair to a brand new pair.).The Black/Red pair are breaking in OK, and I will be able to wear them around the neighborhood, but they are just tight enough that my feet occasionally hurt after more than 15 minutes of continuous walking.If you don't have any width issues in your foot, you might never know the difference, but I unfortunately did.You get what you pay for in a Chinese-made mass-produced shoe; some production inconsistencies are bound to happen.  Nevertheless I am pretty loyal to Puma as far as casual/sporty Chinese-made shoes go, and this experience wasn't bad enough to change that.Problems aside I am already looking at a 3rd color combination!
B007JASSYO Bought these for driving. So, after i purchased my first manual car, I wanted a pair of shoes that are thin, and can improve my feel of the clutch and overall, make me a better driver. These shoes are awesome. Puma's always run slightly smaller. Im usually a size 11-11.5, I went with 12 and they fit perfect.
B007JAT2EY Takes getting used to I prefer smaller, more form-fitting shoes.  These are a great pair, they do take a little breaking in,  though.  Very light, like wearing nothing.
B007JAT44W Long I ordered these in the same size as another pair of Puma's that I have, and when I compared the 2, these are about 1/2 to 1 inch longer.  They fit everywhere else except the heel - they felt like they were sliding off when I tried them on.  Other than that, the shoes look very nice and they are leather, which is somewhat hard to find.  I think if I sized down the toe area would be too tight however.
B007M6BKT0 Great Pair of boots First pair of Puma I have purchased.  Very Light, my foot feels bare, which is great because I play with speed.  They are strong enough to hit the ball forward with out any real push back on foot.  I really appreciate the control I have on the ball with this boot.
B007MAYD2C 5 weeks and done These shoes wore out very quickly.  Holes on the tops of both shoes after average wear.  No hiking/soccer/football/rugby etc....just normal wear and tear and they tore.  Last pair of non leather pumas we will buy.  The leather ones lasted forever or at least until her feet got too big
B007MB0V8G There just Grrrreat! To be honest, these are one of the most fashionable pair of sneakers I've seen in some time. We have three girls and we've purchased these  sneakers for our youngest, since there arrival, my two oldest have been on me constantly for their own pair. Really nice pair of sneakers.
B007NQ658A Another great pair of Puma shoes! I have serveral pair of Puma shoes and I love all of the tennis shoe style.  The key for me in picking out comfortable Puma shoes that you can wear all day is the circle on the sole of the shoe.  That circle makes the shoes extra comfortable, especially since they don't have a thick sole.  They have good arch support and are cute to boot!
B007P4L4L8 we love these pants my husband is 6'8&#34; and these pants are the perfect length.  I ordered a different pair at the same time and we are sending the other one back.  Puma velour is much heavier and comfortable.  The dark blue color is beautiful and the same as the image on the computer screen.  The pockets are great to have, and the zipper at the bottom of legs are handy.  I would buy these for anyone who wants a quality pair of velour pants.
B007PK5T0Y comfy The shoe is lightweight and very comfy... I want another pair in a different color.. my color is hot though
B007SLGLX4 Love Them These Shoes are Great. Well I bought them for my son so I don't exactly know how they feel on but they're super Cute. He's likes wearing them. Thinks b/c they're pumas he can fun faster :)  I love the look and with the velcore crossing in different directions it seems to hold tight to allow for great support for running and other activites.  Thinking about buying a pair for my younger child as well!!!
B007USEG6E Another Hit. This is my 3rd pair of Tekkies. I love low profile styled shoes. These shoes are not only light, but very comfortable. They are also priced very reasonable on amazon. This particular camo pair is comprised of a stiffer canvas material on the upper(Coated Canvas). Not uncomfortably stiffer, but the material is a bit more rigid than usual and I like it.  The camo print is spot on, and something u may not notice from the pictures is that the black in the camo print is actually in a puma shape. If you are on the fence about buying these, take my word for it, you will love them.
B007USEG6E Well Done This product came before the estimated delivery date and was exactly what I was looking for and expecting.  I wear the shoes around the house casually now but I bought a pair in a different color about two years ago and they are honestly the lightest, most comfortable shoe for me.
B007UXFK2S very comfortable and light weight This is a good looking pair of sneakers and very comfortable and light weight.don't like the thick heavy type of sneakers so these are real nice . There also very stylish too.
B007W1CBLQ Nice pair for the money !! Got this for my 1 year old boy, I like the price that I got this pair for and of course the brand name always make the difference.I am giving it 4 stars, because the cloth material is little on the thin side, but overall it is a good buy.
B007WQDYQM Look good and they feel good I was nervous about ordering shoes online. The shoes fit perfectly and are super comfy. I'm thinking about ordering another pair!They are comfortable and allow my feet to breath. The size is perfectly match. So, recommend to buy them according to your exact size!
B007WQDYQM Get yourself a pair when possible puma has always being a favorite brand of mine since my youth going to school. The price was right and the fit is snug.
B007X2BRKU Dependable I bought this for my 10-year-old daughter's indoor training, the third pair in 6 months.  It seems to be true to its size and she is not complaining.
B008A6BB9U better fitting Little wider than hoped they'd be,  but can be tightened  to support arch area. Will buy another pair of these. This style seems to have less of lift at toes which is great for me. Who decided that shoes toe area should reach for sky anyway. Wish shoe industry would figure out problem with  design in shoes lifting in front and bring toes back down to earth .
B008A6BLMW Cool shoes I usually wear an 8 in sandles and an 8-1/2 in closed shoes.  I ordered an 8-1/2 in these and they were much too big.  Returned them for free (thanks Amazon!) and ordered 7-1/2 which actually fit!  They are comfortable and so cute on - I'm excited to wear them this summer!!Ok - I just spent the whole day in them today - they were so comfortable and I got tons of compliments. Someone at work went on Puma store site to buy herself a pair and they were running a 40% off (promo code PUMAFRIENDS) promotion.  I ordered a 2nd pair of the gray and yellow (because next summer I'll be glad I did!) as well as a black pair for close to the price of 1 pair on Amazon.  One of the best purchases I've made and by far the most comfortable shoes I've worn in a long time that are extremely CUTE!
B008A6CIL0 Not impressed. I was disappointed with how the shoes felt when I was wearing them. I wear Puma's and I am very fond of the brand just not this particular pair. I wear an 8.5 in other Puma's so I ordered the same and the fit was the same. I just felt the red material was too thin to be a replacement pair of shoes for the upcoming fall/winter season. I am giving them 3 stars because the fit was good, the color and the look was good but I am returning them because they just weren't "right" for me.
B008A6COO6 Great pair of sneakers I like these they are super comfy and match with anything pink white or black. When I get to the gym I hit the treadmill and my feet and knees don't hurt in these. I could wear them all day every day!
B008A6JSFE Great shoes. Had a pair just like them that had been stolen so I knew what to expect. I ordered another pair instead of changing to another brand or style so that should be a great recommendation in itself.Sole is very soft so some may not like that.
B008A6JWU0 2nd pair I bought a second pair cuz I love these so much! Great for walking and working out. Favourite ones yet.
B008A6JWU0 they fit as expected! I love these shoes! you just simply can not go wrong if you buy them. soooo comfortable and light!they are true to size and I am very happy to have a pair. even thinking to purchase second pair of different color
B008A6K8XU My Pumas Love them! They are true to size, I was worried about getting a shoe without trying it on, However, these were amazing. So much so that I bought another pair. Very light, perfect for workin out or even a normal day wear.
B008A6KHRC Great running shoe! This is the second pair of these I have purchased. I found the first pair on clearance at TJMaxx. It took many, many miles before they started to break down. I was so excited to find these on Amazon. I did insert Dr. Scholl's gel liners because of my high arches. I run so it's important my shoes are lightweight, which these are and hello color choices!
B008A6KHRC No surprises Looked exactly like pictured, fit is true to size and they didn't disappoint.  Great pair of shoes but could use a little better insole.
B008A6KHRC My favorite shoe They fit perfectly, super light and oh so comfortable.  I like them so much that I bought a second pair!
B008A6KHRC run small I tried my first pair in a store. I'm usually 9.5 but I need US10 in these. I like them. Very comfortable but maybe too pointy. And the price keeps changing often so shop around.
B008A6KIZS great shoe I purchase these shoes for my kid.she loves them.Also the price was excellent. I would definitely buy another pair in the future.
B008A6KTKC Puma This shoes are exactly what I expected I already have a pair exactly like this one but I couldn't find the same style for my feet but this ones are the best.
B008A6KTKC So cute!!!!!! Being a huge fan of puma, I really love these shoes. These are my second pair I bought this year. (I also bought the gray/yellow also cute!) These shoes look so cute when you get them. Although, I thought the color had more of a reddish/pinkish tint more so than the neon pink shown in this pic (but that might be subjective.) I love this shoe so much! The colors work great, the fit is great. Running,walking there also feels to be memory foam inside the shoe it's like you're walking on clouds. I am turning everyone on to puma now, I just bought my mother a pair (black/peach) she loves the fit. This is a great brand, I have bought many walking/running shoes that were cheaper from payless and walmart, but nothing lasts. These are expensive but in my experience you have them until you want to get rid of them (and get another pair of pumas!) They are virtually indestructible, worth every cent of the $80. Such a good buy, I cannot speak highly enough! If you're thinking of getting these shoes, don't think anymore! LOVE!!! :)
B008A6KTKC just don't work for me since I'm a mid-foot striker I thought these would be good for me.  That plus they're a very attractive shoe so I bought a pair.  Well the picture is deceiving (sorry).  They are more boxy/clunky looking than the photos, plus my front strike felt like cement.  That could easily be a me problem though.  I ordered a size 11 since my Kinvara's are an 11 and I have a lot of toe-room in them, but these pinched my toes and I have narrow feet.  Again, perhaps a me problem.  I bought them because I'm pretty new to running and wanted to try something different brand-wise.  I am definitely buying another pair of kinvara's and returning these.  I'm sure they will work for someone very well, just not me.
B008A6KTKC I like the style! I chose 5 stars because it was well deserved. I work out on average 5-6 days per week. I love gym shoes in general. I never owned a pair of Puma's but when I saw this particular style, I had to have it! It looks great but also feels comfortable. After trying these, I will definitely buy another pair in the near future. I highly recommend Puma brand shoes if you regularly visit the gym and if you like to work out in style!
B008A6KTKC Love Puma! I've had one other pair of Puma Voltaic sneakers before these. I had them for over a year and a half and loved them so much. I'm on my feet all day at work, running around and my feet never hurt and my legs never got tired. When they started to wear out I was on Amazon hunting down a new pair. I looked and looked but the ones available in my size I just didn't love the color. Yes I'm a girl so color matters. I was just about to buy the glitter pink and purple ones when I saw the you might like these list at the bottom of the page and instantly loves the color combo. They were Voltaic so I was sold. I got them the other day and put them on and immediately went to work and just like my other pair no pain in my feet. I will most likely never but another brand of sneaker again, because you just can't beat out of the box comfort and the awesome colors!
B008A6KTKC Awesome shoes! These are probably the best looking shoes I have ever purchased.  They fit great and are very comfortable.  Love the colors. Will probably buy another pair just like them, if I find them.
B008A6KTKC So comfy This pair fits perfectly well and very comfortable. Even after a long run my toes don&#8217;t pain. I have had a bad experience with other brands. The size is true as indicated and I love the color. Highly recommended
B008A6KTKC Love my shoes I love my Pumas and the way they feel on my feet. This is my first pair of pumas but it want be my last pair
B008A6KTKC I love this shoes!!! I work at a hospital and my job requires a lot of walking, when I first wore these shoes they were very tight; after about 3 days of stretching them out they were very comfortable. I love these shoes, I actually purchased my first pair of Puma Voltaic in a different color from Academy store for a few bucks more and when I found this pair on Amazon I just had to order them. I get compliments every time I wear these shoes from people of all ages. The colors are brilliant and stain resistant. I would definitely purchase again.
B008A6KTKC in-between sizes I owned a pair  similar to these a year or so ago... and I loved them.this pair just didn't fit right & I had to send them back.Now I'm trying Nike.
B008A6KTKC Great shoes! These shoes are very comfortable!  I've always loved Puma's!!!  I may be ordering another pair within the near future!  Worth the money!
B008A6KTKC Puma mesh tennis shoes these pair of Pumas look great on my feet they feel wonderful on my feet a wonderful sense of style and swagg
B008A6KTKC Had to I have another pair of Pumas and love them. These are the same size but don't fit as snug. My heel slipped when I walked in them so they had to go back.
B008A6KTKC cross trainers This pair of sneakers fits well and are very comfortable. I have reserved them for gym use only and they have held up very well.
B008A6PN1C So Comfy! This is my second pair, I chose this color because the black on my other pair stains the bottom of my feet making them look dirty. This pair is a little different than the pic, they are greener and a little darker than shown but they are very comfortable even if you are not used to a thong between your toes. Wish I had one of every color!
B008A6YAFW Very Nice Quality Shoes look exactly like the picture, they fit great and I'm going to by another pair in a different color.
B008A6YIFO Great Fit These are the 2nd pair of Puma Soccer shoes I have purchased for my daughter and the only brand that fits her foot really well. They are well made and the first pair endured 3 years of heavy use. We love the color and design on both pairs.
B008A77TYK Great Shoes!!! I originally purchased a pair of these shoes as a gift. After the recipient wore them, I instantly went back to order a pair for myself. They look great, fit well, and are very comfortable on my feet. I am completely satisfied.
B008AILZZI sized smaller and cheaply made I wear a 10 in every other shoe yet these were very tight. I have had several pair of Pumas but these were not as comfortable nor did they fit well. If you want a pair of these, order a size larger and don't expect them to be comfortable.
B008AK6Q8C Awesome Love them !!!  I was looking for a shoe with a different look and color !! Already looking for another pair just a different color !! Lol
B008AKOFGW Great Shoe I have several pair of these I wear the for every this feels good easy on the feet wish they had more colors
B008AL2UCC Love it This is what I expected from this brand, I am really satisfied with this pair and I would recommend it. I'm used to buy this brand and I recommend you choose one or one size bigger for most models, but I wouldn't recommend to buy online your first pair of PUMA, cause you can disappointing by the size.
B008AL33QE Faaaantastic quality and comfort. The stitching is accurate and precise. I do a lot of car track days and was looking for a pair of driving shoes that were comfortable enough to be able to feel the throttle feedback and yet be sturdy and made of high quality and flexible materials but not be stiff to get he feet tired throughout an 8 hour high intensity track driving...well this pair of Pumas did it all. I highly recommend it.Oh and the bonus was the color matching to my orange McLaren MP4-12C with carbon accents!Cheers
B008AL4BLU Pumas Are Good This is my third pair of Pumas from Amazon. I cannot believe I got this shoe at this price. I love it.
B008AL4BLU puma drft cat I really like the shoes I only wish I could find another pair at the same price in my size so I could have a few pair
B008ALI936 Consistent Puma Sizing This was the first pair of shoes I had ordered online, but owning a few other pairs of Puma's before I ordered my usual size and they fit perfect.
B008ALJ8S6 best value For under $30 you can't wish for better pair of sneakers. A very good pair for the winter, fall or spring when the outside conditions are not ideal for something more light or less water resistant.
B008ALJ8S6 Fabulous for the price I would recommend this product to everybody; I am going to buy another pair but different style. The best part is the price.
B008ALWBFS If you have a wide foot... ...they are very uncomfortable.  I think this is a puma problem, since this is the second pair that I could't even get on without discomfort.
B008ALX6SO Recommended I like them because they are very comfortable, they have very good traction and are lightweight. This is my second pair of sneakers puma and lasted five years earlier.
B008AWU21W Absolutely sick I bought a pair of EL Rey's like 2 years ago and I love them. I wore them literally almost everyday and they lasted 2 years. When I was looking for a new pair of shoes with no hesitation I looked for El Rey's. My first pair were low's and these are mids and both are just sick. I highly recommend any Puma shoe.
B008AWU21W $40 Pumas I bought these because they were stylish as well as cheap. Also, it seems like Puma is the only brand on amazon to suit my size 14 needs.  All in all, you can't go wrong with a $40 pair of pumas.
B008AWUB54 Amazingly comfortable I've been used to wearing the PUMA Men's Whirlwind Classic Sneaker, I decided to give something different a try and ordered a pair of these, at first they seemed a bit uncomfortable, I was going to return and exchange  them for another pair of Whirlwind Classics which i'm used to, I then realized that there was no free returns shipping on these shoes.  Decided to keep them instead of paying a return fee that is going to be almost half of the price of the sneakers.I wore them out for the first time yesterday to go shopping, I tell you these shoes are extremely comfortable, one can stand on these all day and not get tired, the cushion is very soft and the shoes are lightweight enough to jog with.  They also fit better than the Whirlwinds.
B008AWYIXU TOTAL SATISFACTION MY SON HAS REPORTED THAT THESE SNEAKERS ARE EVEN BETTER THAN HE EXPECTED!  THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE.  HE NOW PLANS TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR IN A DIFFERENT COLOR. WE WERE BOTH IMPRESSED BY THE EXCELLENT AND QUICK SERVICE BUT NOT SURPRISED!  CONNIE SANBORN
B008AWYIXU Fits me nicely! I love this design, but I wish they would make more effort to make more shoes. These Pumas are very classy as I would say.You just need some time getting used to massive shoes. I wear a 12 US size and Puma made it happen. I'd say the Puma brand is the best brand to buy; I've bought a pair in the past a few years ago and that's when I remembered these were the best you can get. Hope you take your time to check out these shoes and the company, I've loved them forever.
B008AXTOQ0 Somewhat tight at first This is not my first purchase of this size Puma shoe, so I knew what to expect. When I first put these on they felt very snug. But after wearing them for a little while they seemed to conform perfectly to my fit, and are about the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.Although the model is exactly the same as the previous pair I bought, this pair had the pull tabs on the heel, which make them easier to get on. Like all Puma in this model, it does not have a separate tongue, but is continuous all the way around. This makes it a little more difficult to get on, but the pull tabs overcome that. My son got me started on Pumas because he is on his feet all day and these are the only shoes that are comfortable for that length of time. They also wear well. I got him a new pair for Christmas too.
B008AXTOQ0 perfect shoes for the real seahawks fan I got the blue and green pair... most comfortable shoe I have found in a while. And not to mention they came in my favorite NFL teams colors.... perfect!
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Great style and nothing extraordinary about comfort. Typical running shoe. I would buy another pair of pumas any day. Word.
B008AXTOQ0 I LOVE MY PUMAS! NICE FIT, GREAT LOOKING, PRICED RIGHT! I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO MY NEXT PAIR OF SNEAKERS WOOHOO! AMAZON ROCKS BIG TIME!!!!
B008AXTOQ0 terrible save your money.  the worst pair of shoes I've bought in 10 years.  they do not fit consistent.  the soles are lumpy.  i hate the no tongue design.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome! I've never owned a pair of pumas before and I can honestly say I've been missing out! I'm glad I decided to give puma a shot!
B008AXTOQ0 Great Product The shoes were just as I expected. Will buy another pair, different color, very soon! I love the shoes I bought.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Shoe Good fit so far. Very comfortable after the first day of breaking them in. Id buy another pair no doubt
B008AXTOQ0 Great gift I gave them as a gift and my friend loved them . Thinking about getting me the same pair color .
B008AXTOQ0 Why my order was cancelled and now shows the shoes available? I have purchased a pair of these shoes and it went through and today late afternoon said out of stock...how is this possible that today is showing as you have the same pair available?
B008AXTOQ0 this is the 5th pair of voltaics ive owned... im crazy about these shoes, the look, the fit, and the built in tongue design. I dont even have to lace them and i wear a 13. The hard plastic on the front of the shoe has protected all 5 pair from would be damage. Overall a great design in the voltaic 3, and a true to form update in the voltaic 4. +++
B008AXTOQ0 Very comfortable and stable shoes. Loving these new shoes. The other positive reviews know why they are so great. Snug, breathable, supportive, stable shoes. Would be hard to go wrong buying these as long as you buy them a half size larger than you usually buy your shoes as the sizing is a bit smaller than some other brands. Will certainly be buying a pair of these in the future when the current pair are worn out.
B008AXTOQ0 I am glad I LIKE THE SHOES. I AM HAPPY AND I will buy another pair if I have money.I believe that I bought the real stuff that I have been looking for.
B008AXTOQ0 nice shoes Great fit, good price. This is my second pair of these, and i love them!  Can't wait for some other colors to go on sale!
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes! I ordered my normal size and they fit perfectly. I am a long time PUMA customer and have never owned a bad pair. These look great in white/black and go with just about anything.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes for a great price! Tis was the first time Ive ordered shoes online and surprisingly all of my expectations were met! If you know your shoe size and find a pair that you like then go for it!
B008AXTOQ0 AWESOME Fits great looks great LOVE PUMA, Looking forward to buying another pair of PUMA these are my favorite brand of all
B008AXTOQ0 looks good, fits great, turns out...won't last. well, i purchase my first pair in may.Pros:great color (grey/yellow)the profile and general look works well jeans or shortsfits well w/ or w/o socksquick break in durationCons:showed up with defects on yellow parts (skid marks and minor scratches)scuffs easilylaces come untied often (need to double knot)started to fall apart after 3 months (worn 2-3 times a week)the first 3 cons weren't great, but the fact that it didn't even last more than 3 months on less than 1/2 time usage makes this product pretty crappy.  i had purchased a second pair of these (different color) because of the Pros prior to the shoes just falling apart.  the new ones have been sitting in the box they came in and i'm debating on sending them back.  i had no reason to think that these wouldn't last as long as my previous versions of these shoes (V3), which i had for 2 years.  it's really too bad, because they do really look great and fit well.  damn it puma, your quality sucks.  i really wanted to continue buying your products.if you're curious what the problem is, the sole started to become "unglued" from the base of the shoe.  i'm pretty good with my stuff and most of my shoes last anywhere from 2-4 years before any signs of wear and tear show it self.
B008AXTOQ0 all in one The color pattern jumped out at me from my first look. I had a pair of Pumas previously and wore the soles out so I was familiar with the rugged construction of the product. The inner lining of the shoes is very unique in that it feels like gloves on my feet, very comfortable.
B008AXY38Y Great sneakers First pair of puma sneakers for me.  Got these for cross training exercises (p90x, boxing, etc.) and I feel they've given me great ankle support without being too heavy.A good buy.
B008AXY38Y Great Product I have been wearing Puma shoes for the past 10 years and this one does not disappoint. Provides a cool, comfortable, and relaxed fit. The size is true to at least my last pair of Puma's.I would recommend this product.
B008AXY38Y Very comfortable and attractive These are probably the best athletic shoes I have ever owned.  The fit is perfect.  The support is perfect.  And, they are very attractive. I am definitely ordering another pair.
B008AZD5ZE Love them! My son says these are some of the most comfortable shoes he's owned. He said he'd like another pair in the future.
B008AZG59W love puma! product was just as described. I work at a hospital and needed comfortable shoes since I'm on my feet for a majority of my 12 hour shift. these Pumas fit the bill. I used to get Nike Shox but couldn't justify the price paid for them. bought a different pair of Puma and loved them so when I saw these for $36, I figured I couldn't go wrong and I was right!
B008BXRZ9W Great sneakers! These are great sneakers. We are on our 2nd pair. They are my daughter's go to shoe. She's able to easily get them on/off independently and reports they are very comfortable. Fit is true to size & the colors are vibrant. Fast shipping with prime!
B008BXRZ9W Colorful blocks These shoes are so jolly in their happy colors.They are comfortable and easily paired with my 7 year old clothes.I bought her another pair in purple and lilac.
B008BXRZ9W Puma Love These are great shoes, easy to slip on/off and go with anything from shorts to a skirt.  This is my daughter's second pair and they are great quality.
B008EYO4TW Compliments and Comfort I LOVE these shoes! They are absolutely the most comfortable shoes I've worn in a very long time. Yet they're sleek and extremely flattering on the feet. I've had many compliments from complete strangers. I was fortunate to find a pair in black at Nordstrom's for half-price (my introduction to this brand.) I bought this pair and the Liberty Blue pair as well (they are actually purple, NOT blue). The next pair of shoes I buy will be Puma shoes. I have foot problems and I can't wear a lot of styles. These are fantastic. Quality materials and workmanship. I've worn them a lot and they still look new.
B008EYO4TW comfortable and stylish enough for work I had another similar pair that I find myself wearing all the time.  This new pair is also very comfortable and I'm likely to wear them often.
B008EYO4TW Great shoes This is my third pair if Puma ballet flats, and they are awesome, as always. They have much more cushion than 'fashion brand' flats, so well worth the price.
B008EYQHY2 Puma Women's DVA shoe I have one pair of Puma shoes and they fit a little tight but with time have relaxed and are comfortable so I ordered this pair but the sizing is not consistent. I ordered 1/2 size larger and it's way to big. I'm returning this product. It doesn't come up as far on the toe area as the other Ballerina shoe.. Actually this looks like the other without a strap, but it's not.
B008F063BM Puma Is Best These are as good as any you can get for the price paid. Wouldn't hesitate to get a second pair.
B008F06C7C Love the shoes! I wear a size 6 and they are true to fit. The colors are the same as the photo. The high arch and toe supports are great for my high impact Zumba dancing. They are comfortable as well.  I would purchase another pair in different colors. So far I have not been disappointed with any of my Puma shoes.
B008F06KB0 Vert nice! I ordered the Dark Shadow/Mint Leaf/Cabaret color and it's wonderful, I just love it. I needed a pair of hearty winter shoes so I was wanting and expecting the plastic material all around. I also needed a smaller, form fitting pair of shoes because it's what I prefer to wear. I thought they felt pretty good putting them on. The back rubs my heel a tiny bit but after about 3 days it's subsided. I really enjoy the Puma brand and I really love this pair of shoes.
B008F06KB0 Great deal! I love them! And I received an awesome deal on them! For the price they are on here, I suggest everyone to buy two pair! It's hard to come across a good deal like this! I bought a pair for myself and a pair for my sister. They are so cute and comfortable!
B008F06T0W Excellent choice!!!!! My puma shoes fits all my expectations, light, good arch, pretty, comfortables. I just one to buy another pair in a different color &#9786;&#65039;
B008F0KUOS I want another pair Extremely comfortable running shoe. I want another pair in a different color. Fits like a sock. I love them. Highly recommend.
B008F0KUOS light,  cushioned, and comfortable. These shoes are light with plenty of cushion. They fit snug and remind me of putting on a new pair of socks. I feel like thhey help me to put more weight on my toes rather than my heels, which is a good thing. I chose size 12, which is the size i wear in pumas. I wear an 11.5 in nike and reebok.I bought another pair of these in another color because i like them so much.
B008F17R2K Love Them ! My son is growing like a weed and needed a pair of shoes ASAP. Thankfully I can always count on PUMA to be true to size and FIT like a glove. My son LOVES these shoes and so do all his friends.. They wear well and soon will be donated. I will be back on AMAZON.com buying another pair at a great price and I LOVE that.
B008F17R2K Puma running shoes These are good low-to-middle quality shoes.I will use them as a second pair shoe.I believe I have a pair of shoes that I believe are better.These would be better if they had better cushioning.I believe they are good for what they cost me.
B008F17R2K size is VERY incorrect I bought 2 different pair of puma shoes at the same time , and both pair run very small. II am 40 yrs old and have had a size 14 shoe since I was I was 17. I always grab a pair of 14 and a lot of the time I don't try them on cause I know my size. I am very disappointed in this product . not only because these were going to be a Christmas present that my daughter was going to give me , but I know have to ship the items back. I would suggest that if you want a pair of puma shoes get a size larger
B008F17R2K very good pair of shoes I run last weekend with these pair of shoes and worked perfectly, very comfortable and helped me a lot during the marathon.
B008F17R2K Love Puma, Hated the pair I received I received a dirty Worn pair with color missing off the shoe. wont order shoes from here again.never had that problem with zappos
B008F17R2K First Pumas and definitely not the last Feels like I'm walking on Air, wish I wore Pumas sooner. I will definitely get them again. They are so comfortable and they look great
B008F17R2K Very nice The fit is great. This is my third pair. I like these more than my Nike Airs. I will continue to buy these until I can't find them any more.
B008F17R2K Love these! Most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever owned  I even bought my wife a pair.  She really likes hers too.
B008F17R2K Great lookin shoe! Very comfy and goes great with all my Ohio State gear! I get compliments on them all the time. I'm even thinking about getting the black/green pair.
B008F17R2K Great buy! Comfortable, will recommend them too others. I got 2 pair one for me & my son. We are soo fly.
B008F17R2K love em I'm loving these sneaks about now! I'm def looking forward to buying my next pair. Its worth it. Not a bad price
B008F17R2K Painful I work in a hospital and I thought these would work for me considering they're made for running. However they are very painful to walk in all day. The first day day I wore them to work I just thought that they needed to be broken in. It's been two weeks and these shoes are still as painful now as they were then. Usually I buy Asics but this time I wanted to try something different. Look like I'll be buying another pair of asics.
B008F2DOOE capris I love these, this is the 3rd pair I ordered, they are not the stretchy tight kind, loose and comfy for the gym.
B008L74P0A Love these shoes! Extremely comfortable shoes, this is my second pair, the old ones got too dirty.  The tongueless design is awesome and I will continue to buy this style of shoe.
B008PEJOKK Best pair of Puma Kids My 4 (almost 5) year-old son has been through at least six pairs of Puma Speeder Illuminscent (light-up) shoes.  I always thought they ran small (we had to order a full size up) and they are very narrow.  This pair of PUMAs is more true to size.  The suede is really soft, and the velcro is the perfect length to strap across his foot.  There's plenty of 'give' to open them up to get his foot inside of them.  The soles and heels give him great traction and the color is exactly as bright as pictured.  My son, of course, prefers the light-ups, but I love these shoes!
B008QXBTF8 Great Shoes Fit just like expected.  I'm very happy with them.  I would recommend them and love the color.  I also purchased another pair in blue and black.
B008QY0KMK Amazing shoes -- looks great, feels great. These shoes are awesome -- unbelievable comfort and super high quality. Ive had them for about 2 months and they show no real signs of wear...probably about 12 rounds wearing them.  Clean very easily.  I just played today after a downpour on a course with soaking wet fairways and puddles everywhere -- my feet were DRY at the end of the round.  Could not be happier and may order another pair as a backup.
B008QY0MWS awesome sneakers. half the price from last year. best walking shoe I have owned,  first pair still look new;i wear them everywhere. 2 thumbs up..
B008QY0MWS size is not what it says it is..... I had purchased before this pair of Puma golf shoes size 11M and they fit fine. This pair although it says11M is much narrower.
B008QY0MWS My golfer loves them This is the second pair of puma golf shoes.  A favorite two times in a row.  Light and comfy.  Keep feet dry.  Plus they are cool looking.  Would recommend.
B008QY1N9O I love these shoes. I purchased these shoe because I tried a pair on and thought they were so much more comfortable then the Nike I was going to buy.  I also liked the style and color.  Just played my first round in them and they are great.
B008QY1X0S Fantastic I'm loyal to nike sneakers. That's all I've worn for the past 15+ years. I saw these and liked the look. Read the reviews and for the price I figured I'd try them out. Glad I did!  The most comfortable pair of shoes I've put on in sometime.  I wear a size 12, from the reviews I read I ordered them in a size 11.5. The fit perfect look great, and the comfort is second to none. Only war them on a par three thus far, but the traction was superb. Going to have start looking into Puma as another option for everyday sneakers as well. You won't regret buying these
B008QY1X0S Good shoes! I put these on for the first time, and they felt very comfortable.  I've worn them a couple of times on the course, and they perform well there, too.  Get a pair.  You'll like them.
B008QY1X0S Great golf show I bought one pair and they were so comfortable I wanted to get another pair before they made any changes.
B008QY3N5Q Great shoe I hesitate at times buying shoes online but, I have been ordering shoes online for quite a while and I hate it when I don't get the size right. Even thought there is always the option to return them if they don't fit. But this my second pair of Puma's and I really like how this shoe fits.I recommend them highly.Happy Christmas
B008QY3N5Q Awesome shoes! Super comfy, very stylish.  I'm halfway tempted to cut the cleats off and wear them out as regular shoes.  Priced really well for Pumas.  Might buy another pair.
B008R9Y0V6 Beautiful and expensive looking shoe Before I bought this blue pair, I already had the black pair and that is how I fell in love with them.  Whenever I wore them, I would get lots of compliments on how cute they look on my feet.  I wear them with skinny jeans, shorts, basically anything that shows off the entire shoe.  Best feature is the wedge.  It's just right for someone like me who's 5'2".
B008R9Y0V6 Great sneakers! Cute and comfortable. The color is perfect to wear with anything and I'm gonna order another pair very very soon.
B008RAHSN2 Worst quality ever I had never bought such a bad pair of shoes! After only a month (and without wearing it every day), the sole is completely detached!!! I will return the snickers and buy another pair. Not these again!!!It's hard to understand how some PUMA snickers can have a $1-pair-of-shoes quality. Apparently, the quality is no longer related to the brand, neither to the price...
B008RAZL0Y Pat50 My husband just loved these Puma's.  They are really comfortable.  Would definitely recommend them to my friends.  Hope to buy another pair in the future!!
B008RB17OM NIce pair of kicks. I don't buy sneakers often but I was drawn to these because they're Puma and Puma doesn't generally make these type of shoes. Regardless, these are a great pair of shoes to step out in.
B008RB3A1A Great Shoes These are amazing shoes. They are very comfortable, have a good fit, and look very nice. I always have people looking at them and then realizing it's me haha. I want to buy another pair in another color, that's how good they are...
B008UT7MNQ ;great shoe! This is my son's second pair, that's how much he likes them.  I like them because they stand up to his wear and tear and last longer than other, more mesh based sneakers.
B008VQO9AC Love Them! I already have a pair in a different color and they fit perfectly and are very comfortable. Couldn't be happier.
B008VUJBLA Puma I love the fit and the color is beautiful! I'm ready to buy another pair ASAP. Probably a black pair
B008VUJBLA Nice sneakers I got these for my daughter and she love them. They fit really well and are comfortable. Will be buying another pair.
B008VUJBLA Cool shoes! These shoes are awesome.  The color is vibrant, the suede is retro-cool.  When my 10yo outgrows this size, we'll need to get another pair!
B008VV1KZE LOOKS GREAT ON TODDLERS THIS PAIR OF SHOES GIVES SMALL KIDS A MORE R!ELAXED LOOK, COMFORTABLE AND EASY TO PUT ON SINCE THERE ARE NO STRINGS! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR PRACTICAL PEOPLE!!
B008XAUJB4 Great light shoes I loved this shoes my daughter is picky , but when she got this pair no more fighting to wear sneakers with her, she doesn't like sneakers but this one she loved it . comfortable and easy to wear , only the first time she got confused to figure out the left one from the right because of the straps , but after couple of times she is ok.
B0098IBSTM puma review its got style baby.people always commenting on my fluroscent blue pumas.realy light but not the most comfortable but ok;might get another pair in a  different color..
B0098IBSU6 Great Deal, Great Shoe, a little small. I got a great deal on these shoes and absolutely love them. They are so light! I love the colors and can match them with pretty much anything I'm wearing. WARNING: I am a 10.5 in every pair of pumas i have ever bought. I had to send my first pair back and get a size 11 instead. So they do run a half size smaller than other pumas. You will want to lace these all the way up or they will jingle with every step due to the top two boot brackets.
B0098ID10G Crappy materials, will fall apart Two months in, the right shoe developed a hole next to a seam. Inexcusable quality, I won't be buying another pair of Pumas.
B009FD25EC Big Fan of PUMA I've been buying PUMA for years, should come as no surprise that the shoes are perfect as always! First new pair of new shoes in 7 years, and the other PUMA's they are replacing still are in decent shape!
B009FD25EC Just another pair of shoes Too many Ferrari and BMW puma in my shoe cabinet.Just another pair for daily use.Dont look nicer than those but same quality with lesser money.
B009FD2LM8 Shoes fit snug at first but they quickly break in I love Puma shoes as well as Nike. These Pumas feel great and are ideal for walking, exercising or other activities. I currently have several different pair of Pumas and I love the black and red.
B009FD2LM8 Great Was a good investment happy with it fit.very comfortable just right cant wait yo buy another pair but different color
B009FD2LM8 Its like walk in heaven I never been in heaven but when i put my Voltaic on it feels like been there. They are really good, by the way i will get another pair of them but yellow. I don't want to risk the chance to get my second one before the red ones worn out.
B009FD2LM8 Love the shoe, but too small. I love the shoes and have owned about 10 pair and have worn 9.5's for all of them.  This pair was too small compared to all others.
B009FD2LM8 Second pair of Voltaics This is my sons second pair of Voltaics. They both love these shoes. They were excited to get them in leather this time so they're a little more water resistant. Very comfortable shoes.
B009FD2LM8 Great Super comfortable, I bought a second pair as soon as I felt how good these felt...I will buy more for sure
B009FD2LM8 GREATEST DEAL ON A PAIR OF BEAUTIFUL PUMA's Great fit! Great looking! Excellent condition & Perfectly priced! Expected a pair of gently used shoes ended up w/even better deal! Brand New!
B009FD51SO They are awesome! These runners are very comfy and fit great. Like the two different color of laces they send you. Didn't know that they even did that. First pair of puma's I have ever purchased. Will definitely be buying more in the future.
B009FDO3U6 SECOND PAIR If you want a shoe that is comfortable as well as stylish this is the one. I own four pair and they are awesome very very stylish!!
B009FDPVRK First pair of pumas in 7 years that didn't fit nor liked. Poor quality for Puma shoes. I Own many pairs of puma, at least 25 and this is the first pair that didn't fit as per my size. Way to tight, cheap feeling and non supportive. The one star is for the price value
B009FDR416 great for hot weather After owning one pair for a few months I ordered another just so Id have them when these are worn. very happy.
B009FDR416 Perfect sneakers for me. I bought these Puma shoes on Amazon because they are exactly the sneakers I have been looking for.  Despite visiting a Puma mall store on a regular basis and also visiting 2 different Puma outlet stores, I have never seen these particular Puma shoes.  Or anything like them,.  They are exactly the Puma shoes for which I have been searching.  For years.  I wore out my last 2 pairs of identical Army-Green (with orange stripe) puma sneakers that I purchased in 2009.  I bought the first pair in a Puma mall store, and then bought a second new pair at a Puma outlet store a year later.  I bought two pairs of these Puma shoes because they were the only rugged non-ghetto-looking Olive Army-Drab Puma shoes I have ever found.  And, they don't make that style any more.  I insist on wearing Puma shoes, and I was delighted to find this brown-ish outdoorsy-looking style of Puma sneakers on Amazon. Thank you for having these shoes available.  I intend to shop for shoes and other clothing on Amazon if Amazon offers for sale very unique and stylish casual clothes such as Diesel, Dr. Martens, and Puma.
B009FDR416 Great shoes, runs short This is a great pair of shoes, not only good looking and stylish but also feels comfortable.They do run short so make sure you order 1 size bigger than what you are.I would highly recommend it or will buy another pair if they would have 13 size if blue style would be available.
B009FM3XO4 Fits like a glove Measured foot on paper and picked recommendation from size chart. I'm looking for second pair as back-up/
B009FM4BCW Dope pumas Good solid pair of pumas,not the laces I expected though. They were a bit longer.ill get new laces and they will be my new casual pumas.
B009FM4BCW Super comfortable! Probably the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever worn. Definitely the most comfortable of the Pumas. I might need to buy a couple of pairs in case they stop producing them!!
B009FM5NTM Good Came earlier than expected and fit fine. This is my second pair of Pumas, and the first pair has held up great.
B009FM5NTM Too large I thought the product was too large, but I really liked the design of the shoes and will get a different pair in the future.
B009FM64EK Great Shoes Shoes fit just as expected.  I simply looked at another pair of pumas I had laying around.  Made well, and as high of quality as buying from the outlet store.
B009FMSK1A Puma rules! Very comfy shoe. Light and comfortable and the ladies dig them.  You should buy a pair and be cool like me.
B009FN614C Awesome!!! Great and most awesome shoes.  Very surprised and very pleased. Puma your the best!! Buy a pair you won't be sorry.
B009FN614C cute and comfortable love these wedge sneakers. they're not too high and very comfortable. fits true to size. going to buy another pair
B009FN614C Wedge lover! I love these shoes, I bought my daughter two pair from finishline.com, they didn't have my size on sale.  Will buy more colors.  You can dress them up or down.
B009FN614C Must Haves Loooove these sneakers so much i had to reorder a second pair,They fit very comfy and can go with just about everything!!!!!!
B009FN614C FASHION forward!! You have to add this one to your shoe collection, I have this style in 3 colors and I LOVE THEM!!! I dress them up w/button down shirts and jackets, and keep them casual with sweaters....Cant wait to wear in the summer with shorts also.!!! The fit is true to size and the wedge is comfortable for all day wear.  I've gotten compliments each time I've worn a pair.
B009FN614C Love them...would buy a dozen if i could afford it Love them! I bought them a few months back and my teenager loved them on me so much she wanted a pair herself so i purchased her one also.  i hope this style NEVER goes away or at least any time soon because due to my arthritis these type of tennis shoes are the only ones i can wear (can't wear flat shoes).  I have a pair of nikes, and 2 pair of pumas and i love them all but the pumas are VERY comfortable. I am able to play tennis for the very first time in  years and i am excited!
B009FN614C New favorite pair of shoes!!!! Look amazing, fit great!!! Go with every outfit, shorts, jeans, and sweats. I want a pair in every color! Love them!!!
B009FN614C Will enjoy them!!! I love them!!! The fit perfect! Cute with my jeans! AWESOME!!! Will get another pair different color! Cannot wait to wear them again!!!
B009FN614C Black/Fluorescent Yellow wedge PUMA'S.... These are my second pair of PUMA'S and I just love how they fit.  They are comfortable and gives great ankle support.
B009FN6NRW Glad I bought second pair Again, lightweight, comfortable, feels like I'm not wearing anything on my feet. Colors are awesome and very stylish to boot
B009FNNFC8 Love them, keep buying the same ones! Love these shoes. Originally purchased them when I was holidaying in Europe and loved them so much I bought another pair when I returned home to Oz. They are pretty snug initially but they do loosen and are now my fave pair of shoes....
B009FNNFC8 Very cute but not comfortable :( These shoes KILL my feet.  The back of them doesn't come up very far so they rub my heel raw.  I've bought so many pairs of pumas over the years, never had a pair as uncomfortable as this :(
B009G1T5YG I Love this pair of running shoes I've been looked for a pair of running shose for months. I like this pair. The color, the size, the service, all met my expect.
B009G1T5YG Love these! I already have a pair of Pumas that I work out in, I do cardio on machines, biking, running etc. I also do a high intensity toning class two days a week and the Pumas I wear now I have had for over 3 years and they have held up great. I have a weak ankle due to an injury when I was young, and I have really flat feet (with out any supports the bottom of my entire foot touches the ground) so I need extremely supportive shoes because of this. I love Pumas always have, and probably always will, so when I read that these deliver extreme support and are a very sturdy shoe I decided to give them a try. I haven't actually worked out in them yet but I have walked in them and they fit great. I wear a 9 1/2 in the Pumas I had before these, and ordered a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect. Do be aware though, if you do have really flat feet like myself you will still need arches. I could tell as soon as I put them on that I would still need my arch inserts but there's plenty of room for them. I also wear an ankle brace and they fit around the brace great as well. Would definitely recommend these to people who prefer a sturdy shoe!
B009G1T5YG Great shoe! Very comfortable, runs about a half size to big and a bit wider than normal pumas but that's perfect for me. I bought a second pair because I locked them so much!
B009G1T5YG Puma Review They run big...not comfortable and quality of material poor..first pair I ever purchased. Gave them away to someone else to use.
B009G1TV1S ... was pleasantly surprised how well they fit and how comfortable they are I tried on these and did not know what to expect but was pleasantly surprised how well they fit and how comfortable they are. Wore Pumas years ago and am glad I got this pair.
B009G1U2XE what i wanted it came fast and it is just what I wanted, maybe I will pick up another pairprobably a black pair
B009G1U2XE Perfect fit! What a great pair of shoes! Glad I bought them. Exactly what I expected. Not quite as bright as the picture but ok.
B009G1U2XE Great product The colors are much better than in the pictures. My wife wants another pair for casual use. I definitely recommend
B009G1UD2E wow! I love these shoes. They are so soft and comfy. They are eye-catching and beautiful. All my friends want to know where I got them. I liked thems o much, I ordered another pair in blue.
B009G1VXJG puma very uncomfortable. unfortunately purchased 3 pairs of sneakers and 3rd pair of sneakers I have had to return to amazon
B009G1WZP2 puma shoes these are my second pair,they are both comfortable and fun to wear, they fit very well, are easy to get on and off
B009G1WZP2 PUMA GIRL These shoes are awesome they feel great on your fit. I'm so in love with these shoes I have four pair in different colors!!
B009HWGD08 Great support and confort Bought one pair to try it out then ordered couple more because I love them so much. Puma underwear are hard to find so I'm happy I got these!
B009KUEOFS Very well made shoe that fits well, and should last forever. I ordered these for my daughter's third birthday. When I received them, I was worried, as they appeared to be too large. Once I matched them up with the soles of some of her other shoes, though, I saw that they were the right size, they are just manufactured a little differently, making them appear larger. They are very well padded from the sole to the top, and that makes them look a little large when they're just in your hand.My daughter loves them, and wears them most days. The white dirties quickly (as all white shoes will), but a hand wash/wipe gets them back to looking great in no time.I wouldn't hesitate to buy another Puma product, as this is her second pair, and both have been fantastic.I was tempted to knock a star off for the price, as I wish they could be a little cheaper, but you do get what you pay for, and these will still be great shoes when she grows out of them. They will definitely go to another child, and probably have them outgrow it before they give out, too.
B009KVEDCG Great for Women Too (Kid size 5, Women 6.5) This is my 3rd pair because I love it so much. I now own in purple/yellow, pink and light blue/yellow. I have been looking for comfortable, light, velcro shoes for a long time and this is a perfect fit. I was a bit embarrassed to wear this to work (I walk or bike to work) but I can't believe how many compliments I have gotten. Everyone wants to know where I bought them!
B009MNYG1U Perfect. Ive bought 2 pair of these so far and will probably buy another around next year. Just a great shoe.
B009MNYG1U Very Happy Love the shoes, can't say much more. Recommend getting a water repellant or stain protector for them, I got a drop of some crud from outside on the toe and it stained it. Just the type of material, error is on my end. Still love the shoe though. I bought another pair in the gray and black color combo.
B009MNYG1U Too smalll I always get size 12 men's Pumas.  This pair was smaller than other styles.  Had to send them back even though I loved the style.
B009MNYG1U Inexpensive but nice! I like the fact that Puma gave me two sets of shoe laces; one pair black the other pair gray! When you change out the laces it gives an entire different look to the shoe!
B009MNYG1U PUMA Men's Roma are SWEET Sent a pair as gift to a friend. Told me they they are old school and comfortable. I bought a pair and agree. Classic look and comfy. I like sneakers and PUMA delivers good wears.
B009MNYNYU LOVE THESE SHOES!!! Beautiful, comfortable, great in the gym!They fit as expected and they look great!I will be buying another pair when these wear out.
B009MO0E2Y shoes too big!!!! The shoe is very comfy,but it runs a little big. I have 2 pair and both pair is too big. I have problems with my feet swelling,so it will give me plenty of room and still be comfy.
B009SCY9AI Had a pair of puma speeds in college I had a pair of puma speeds in college and these drifts are comparable for the fraction of the cost.
B009SCY9AI Solid/stylish shoe Second pair of this Puma model.  They're pretty comfortable and I like the look.  I would spend hours walking in them but for a few hours they feel great.  That about wraps it up.
B009SD2936 Super My son bought a pair in HK for over $120 some 20months back. Dad is a little behind the curve but picked up a pair for super price. And at Puma Factory Outlet in Williamsburg several weeks later, got another pair for $45.Great buy, very comfortable....
B009SD2936 Poor build quality! I had a pair of these that I returned right away as they had a small stain that looked like it occurred during manufacturing.  The second pair had the same problem, but slightly less noticeable.It was tolerable for the price, but within a few wears the banding around the outsole stared to peel off.I wore them basically walking from my car to work, and around work, so they didn't see any excessively heavy sue.
B009STI9NO Can't go wrong with Puma These sneakers look and feel great.  Light on the feet and very comfortable.  I use them for my workouts at the gym which include 25 minutes of a cardio run.  Have gotten good compliments on them as well when worn with jeans.  This is my third pair of Puma sneakers and so far all have been worth the purchase.
B009STNEF2 Comfortable I love these sneakers.  I am going to get another pair or two.  I just have a hard time trying to figure out which ones to get.
B009STNEF2 awesome Very comfortable. Airy....good support. Love the look of them. Would definitely buy another pair in mens, womens and kids if they are available.
B009SVMOCO Squeaky sneakers OK, I love Puma. I own ten pairs of Pumas now and have owned a dozen more over the years. I thought these looked interesting. After all, I've never owned biodegradable shoes before.Unfortunately they fit snug at the toes, loose through the arch, and they squeak like a chew toy when I walk.This is my first disappointment with a pair of Pumas. But hey, they were only $25.
B009SVMOCO These Pumas are Very comfortable! They fit true to size and the cushion in the sole is very comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a casual pair of sneak's
B009SW62MQ Soft and comfortable. My daughter with wider feet loves these shoes.  They are nice and soft while still being supportive.  She wants another pair.
B009V3NJR8 Bright but good shoe Shoes are very light and feel great to wear, the color really pops too. Pretty impressed for my first pair of PUMA's.
B009V3NJR8 Better than nike free Totally comfortable and light. Love these. They are multi use and did I say light?  Wow!  I have two pair and will buy more.
B009YTPK8A Good outdoor soccer shoe I play outdoor soccer year-round in the Pacific Northwest, and this shoe has been comfortable for me in dry, rainy, and cold conditions thus far. Like most Pumas, I find they run small, so I usually order a half size up. The black/white/pink colors in the pair that I got are very cool-looking, and frankly my greatest joy with these is that THE LACES STAY TIED. I feel like every pair of cleats I've owned the past few years have had constantly-untied laces that I was forever tying and retying during games. These stay tied for the whole 90 minutes.
B00A008HR8 WEDGE HEEL SNEAKERS These sneakers have alot of style and class. There very comfortable you can actually dress them up and down. I'm really looking forward to this summer in sporting them in all my adventures. The color is vibrant in making a statement of being bold and daring also confident. I'm already looking to purchase a second pair in seafoam green awesome!!!
B00A008HR8 Love my Pumas! This is my 2nd pair in this style and I am so happy with them. Puma tends to run a little small so in other shoes I wear 9-9.5 but wear a 10 in Puma shoes.
B00AAZPJ4M My child loves these shorts. The shorts fit my child perfectly. He says they are the most comfortable shorts he owns. I bought another pair because he liked them so well.
B00AI1Z2G8 You'll love them! These shoes are very stylish and very comfortable. They are a great value for the price. I now have three pair.
B00AI1Z2G8 Good concept, WORST quality!! These shoes are awful. I love how confortable they are but durability is a big issue. I am on my second pair and both lasted 3 rounds until the sole separates from the shoe on the left side of left foot (right handed golfer), exactly where they get most of the stress. My second pair lasted a week and is going back to the store tomorrow. Really bad quality!!!!! DONT buy them...
B00AI222Y2 Lighter than my slippers These are the most comfortable shoes (golf or otherwise) that I have ever worn. I have played 36 holes in them, and it is like playing in slippers. I had no problems with the grip, but this is Florida so I haven't been climbing hills in them. (Smiling). I doubt they will last as long as heavier shoes, but at the price I will just buy another pair when they wear out. I will post an update when that happens.If you're looking for the lightest pair of golf shoes you can find, I recommend these.
B00AI222Y2 Perfect for the function Light weight and airy, these are currently my favorite golf shoes.I go through at least 2 pair for year, constantly revolving through 2 full cover and 2 light wait versions at a time.  This particular pair of Pumas are so comfortable I want to wear them all the time, not just golfing.  The foot is remarkably flexible so if you are looking for a structured lock tight fit for ankle support, look elsewhere.  If you want a pair where you can still wiggle the toes and feel the air through the mesh, these will suit you well.  I have had them for 2 months and have played about 6 rounds in them without any signs of the durability concerns raised by others.
B00AI222Y2 Great but Durability Questionable I don't play in the rain and my feet get hot.  These are the best choice out there in my opinion in that regard.Super light and well ventilated.  They almost feel like wearing slippers.The construction though is so lightweight that you can tell these probably aren't going to last very long.  So then you just buy another pair.
B00AI222Y2 These shoes are excellent I found these shoes sold online for almost double what I paid here on Amazon.  These shoes are very comfortable.  I have worn them around the golf course and even when I am not on the golf course.  This is surely a summer golf shoe where you aren't worried about getting wet or muddy.  These shoes are very light, stylish, and again, comfy.  I am thinking of buying another pair just to have when I wear these out.  Or, I might buy another pair just so I have another color.
B00AJFA2FE Favorite Second Pair in two plus years I bought these on sale appox. 2 + years ago.  I keep washing them in the washer just to make them last another 6 months.  They look brand new every time.  Fit great, look futuristic, and I do not believe I have run into another individual with the same shoe, so that makes them one of a kind.  I went with a darker color this time, certain I will keep a pair of these around for many years to come.
B00AOATXAO SOOOOO CUTE AND EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE!!!! Ordered the pink & black. I am high heel wearing girl 24/7 so have never be a tennis shoe wearer.  These are awesome, and probably the second most comfortable pair of shoes I own!  I love the height of the wedge and I can wear them the to work because they look similar to a wedge bootie. I wear an 81/2 and these look like a size 7 on lol, thats a plus! The box/bag that the shoes were in is also nice & reusable!  Shipping!!!!!  I bragged about the timeliness of shipping to all my Facebook friends, as I ordered them before I went to bed, and they were delivered before lunchtime! If you buy these you will not be disappointed!
B00AOBC4JA Love Puma Flats These are my third pair. I wore out my white ones. They are comfortable for walking the dog and running errands. So much cuter that ordinary sneakers. Slip on easily. I wear them 24/7.
B00AOBFEC4 Sneakers The fit is perfect, like it molds my feet. They are nicely made and the colors are awesome.  I will think about buying another pair
B00AOBFEC4 Great Product !! These Pumas are beautiful , and my wife couldn't be any happier with them !! Also this is her first pair of Pumas ever , and with that being said , what a great way to make a first impression on my wife Amazon, & Puma !! Thank You for being so quick and thorough with this product !! Sincerely , Troy Velez !!
B00AOCAP9A Fit like a glove! This Puma pair fits live a glove with great support. Normally I have to try on shoes before purchasing.  So far all my Puma shoes purchased online have fitted very well.  I've used this pair for Zumba and body pump. They are light and provide excellent support in all areas. I have had several great comments on the style and color.
B00AOCAP9A ok they weigh almost nothing and walk ok but no support at all.  Some times I wonder why I kept them.  I would never get another pair because I need more support in a shoe
B00AOCCXJU Ok shoe. Overall, this is a very nice pair of sneakers. It would be an even better pair if they would provide a little bit more all-around support.
B00AOCDNJ4 LOVE THEM These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have had in a long time. The size fit's perfect..  I want to buy another pair for a spare.
B00AOCE7IA Comfort and style I picked this out of a lighting deal. I needed a new pair of white sneakers, my Skechers were needing duct tape and looked quite ratty. As I had never worn a pair of Puma's, I was unsure of how they'd fit and feel.Shipping; They arrived quickly, I also broke down and ordered the black as well, it was a killer lightning deal!! I'm also a Prime member, so, FREE SHIPPING ROCKS!!!Box; This is actually a big deal for me as I try to keep the boxes all my footwear comes in, it makes it easier when I am searching for a specific pair. I am not fond of the shoe racks. I love the red reusable bag with the bog white Puma print that the box and sneakers are in. I am also happy that the box was not crushed, as the last 2 pairs of shoes I ordered arrived in crippled boxes.Appearance; I was very happy with the appearance of the Pivot sneaker. I like the lines on the side and the Puma on the toe. My sister said the black ones were cute and she wanted my tiny feet so we could share. 7.5 is tiny to a 9.Fit; My concern as to the fit was quickly relieved because they fit perfectly! I am in and out of the hospital and my medications change often, this has caused my feet to swell and shrink and, thus, some of my shoes have been uncomfortable. When I am inpatient, I prefer slip on shoes, such as Skechers, but I can not always have my way. I despise slippers, they make me feel old. I have worn these the last 2 times and they are awesome, and a nurse loved the white ones. Compliments are awesome, even more so when you feel sluggish, crappy, dowdy and drugged, it does cheer you up. Maybe because these are new, is why I am not having issues yet. I just have a slight issue with the getting my feet in/out without untying, but just have to get the laces ties to that specific place.I also like that they, have yet, to squeak like my Skechers and others often do. I do not sleep well and will roam the halls of the hospital at all hours and having non squeaky shoes at 3 am is appreciated.I would definitely recommend the Takala Pivot Sneaker to anyone. I can not say how they would do for dancing or Zumba or any type of dance class, but I like the feel and the weight, and the non squeakiness. I know having squeaky sneakers at the gym is embarrassing and its not fun tip-toeing between machines.
B00AOCE7IA loved the style it fit as expected. its comfortable. need one with black and pink.searched so long for a pair so for my wife
B00AOD2OQ6 nice Pumas The shoes were perfect, everything I expected. Nothing more to make the experience better... I have ordered my last 4 pair of shoes through Amazon and won't stop.
B00AOD2OQ6 Puma Men's Sport Sneaker My husband purchased a similar  pair of these at a Puma Outlet Store a few years ago and was very happy to find them on Amazon, as it was time for a new pair. We ordered two pair and he is very happy with them. They arrived well packaged and on time.
B00AOD2OQ6 Great I have got the same shoe. They are soooo comfortable. .I wanted to get another pair. But couldn't find my size. ..
B00AOD3AB4 Another great pair of Pumas Light, comfortable, fits true to size. Always happy to add another pair of Pumas to my collection! Looking forward to making them my daily walk/jog sneakers.
B00AOD3U8W Absolutely love ! Wanted to purchase another pair but amazon no longer sells this product.Great shoe and very comfortable! Hope more come in to stock soon!
B00AOD8YMO PUMA Men's BioWeb Elite Running Shoe Well made, comfortable, great quality and a better price.  This is money well spent, I might buy another pair.  Go shoppinjg.
B00AOD8YMO Comfort and Style This is the second pair of these that I have purchased. Great color, even more important, the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned
B00AODTEZA I wear them everyday! Excellent pair of shoes.  I have never really purchased Puma before but now I am pretty sure that I will never buy anything but!  Wasn't too sure about buying a pair over Amazon but they fit really well and they look just as good (if not better) as they do in the picture.  Well bought!
B00AODVKJI too tight. This is my first pair of pumas, I really like the way they look, they just fit a little small.
B00AOE059S Great shoes! Really comfortable and great look!. Third pair of Osu Puma shoes that I bought, this pair was actually a gift for my father, and he loves them!
B00AOE059S Very Nice! I was worried about ordering this shoes but when I got them and tried them on I was amazed. They fit snug, feel light and look great with just about anything. My only two problems are that I bought this for running but I like them so much I decided I will get another pair and their are many colors to choose from. I am a Nike fan but these are my third pair of pumas and frankly I don't I will be going back to them. I have gotten so many compliments on them. I would definitely recommend them to any one and I have to my friends and co-workers.
B00AOE059S Great shape and really comfy I bought it for my dad and i have to say I'm impressed, it looks better than the picture and it is really comfortable for him, now he uses these pair not only in sports put to go everywhere.
B00AOE059S Puma running shoe Love them, even went back and bought a second pair I liked them so much!  Make SURE to buy 1/2 size bigger!
B00AOE059S Just a Great Looking Pair of Shoes! I bought these for my son who is autistic and loves to mess with the strings on his shoes.  So, I had to look around for a pair of good looking shoes with no strings and the Puma Osu V3 met that criteria.  He loves them and they look great.  These are the second pair I've bought and I'm sure once he beats these up I will be looking to buy pair #3.  Thanks!
B00AOE059S puma Usually I like puma its looks stylish and and comfortable this is my 3rd pair in this year but different type
B00AOMYC2Q Beautiful shoe and Quick response. Beautiful and very comfortable and the color too is fantastic, Love it. Would order another pair of different color, soon.Thank you for sending replacement very quick. Excellent service.
B00AOMYC2Q Sized WRONG I wear a 10.5-11 in shoes.  I own 36 pair of shoes and each one is a 10.5 or an 11.  I ordered an 11 in these just to be safe.  I couldn't even get my foot inside.  I think I'd have to buy a size 12 which makes NO sense.  I didn't rate the show low because Puma makes amazing shoes, I just don't understand the sizing issue.  I returned them and hesitate to buy another pair in size 12 because I just don't trust the sizing of this shoe.  Strange though because I own four other pair of Pumas that all fit like they're supposed to.
B00AONURJ2 2nd Pair I was glad that I was able to find these at a great price on Amazon, I bought my 1st pair at about 100 Euros in Italy last year.
B00AONVA52 Like the Looks Bought these because of the low profile sole and comfort.  Tried on a pair in a shoe store before ordering from Amazon.
B00AONVA52 Sleek snug shoe They are a sleek snug pair of shoes that hug your feet, not too tight, but just like a good pair of gloves.
B00AONVA52 Excellent mat shoe that does what it says i recently purchased and returned a pair of adidas adi-lux because they were too &#34;sticky&#34; for my martial arts training.  I picked up the Black Puma Redons and the first thing i noticed is thawed they look really nice and appeared to be well constructed.  They also look small but fit very comfortably.  They best thing about these shoes is that they allow you to pivot on the ball of your foot while still maintaining good adhesion on the mat.  I will purchase another pair when i wear these out, although i don't know how well they are constructed the shoe seems to be in great condition after a few workouts.  I purchased my pair at Zappos because color at the time Amazon did not have my size.
B00AONVVMO Too Big Purchased a similar pair of shoes from PUMA in the past needed a size 12, but for some reason this pair was too big. Now it's too late to return them :(
B00AONVVMO Excellent Was exactly what I was looking for.  A half size too big but that is my fault, I ordered it based on other Puma shoes that I owned. I wanted a neutral colour that looks classy, was comfortable . Would definitely buy another pair.
B00AONW9JS Great What a difference in driving with them. I love them. When someone says they need driving shoes, they do. I will be buying another pair.
B00AONW9JS Puma shoes to small I have three other pair and they fit well Well puma shoes must of made this shoe a tad smaller they didn't fit to tight all over first time this has happened will have to find some one that they will fit
B00AONW9JS Drift Cat 5 These are a great pair of shoes. I bought them for walking around in, not necessarily driving or for sport. They do run a little small, but luckily I had another pair of Pumas to compare the sizing to. I normally wear a 10 and can even go to 9.5 but I had to order a 10.5 for these because of how narrow they are. I haven't had any major problems with them. They're light and very responsive, which could be bad if you don't want it. Walking down the sidewalk, I can feel little pebbles and where they are putting pressure on my feet. The rounded heel at the end is great for when I am driving and the tread seems to work fine so far. All in all, it's a great little shoe.
B00AONW9JS I made a real and nice purchase. It is extremely beautiful and comfortable pair ... I made a real and nice purchase. It is extremely beautiful and comfortable pair of snicker shoes. I would buy another ones like these ones.
B00AONW9JS Cool kicks This is a pretty cool pair of casual or driving shoes.  I typically wear a size 12, but need 13s in PUMAs.  I probably wouldn't wear these on days when I have to do alot of walking because they do not provide much support.  Only complaint was that the shoes I got from Amazon were scuffed.  It was too much of a hassle to mail them back since I serve overseas, so I kept them.
B00AONW9JS i love these shoes Great comfortable shoes look semi dressy but still are durable great buy. Probably will be getting another pair when these ones do wear out eventually
B00AONW9JS Fits just right. This is my 3rd shoe purchase off Amazon. The first pair fit, but left a bit of room to be desired. The second pair did not fit at all, even though it was the same size as the first pair. I learned about motorsport style shoes and bought a size up with the Drift Cat 5's and these fit perfectly. I have big size 13-14 feet, so I was worried about losing that fitted, contoured feel if I went up a size. I was worried for nothing, these fit and feel lovely, and driving in them is as awesome as ever.
B00AONW9JS Great pair of kicks! They look better on then in picture. Just have to say I like my Pumas to fit snug and tight so I have to wear them for a few days inside my house to break them in. They are just well fitting and like how they conform to the feet. Thanks!
B00AONWIC6 Favorite shoes My son-in-law had a pair like this previously that he wore until there was nothing left to them. He was so happy to get a new pair for Christmas. They are great. Thank you
B00AONWP6U 2nd pair of Pumas and still happy... Great looking, very durable, super light shoes with soft support for my flat feet!  I use these for workouts in the gym, as well as to match my outfits.  I have used adidas and reebok for most years but these recent pumas look too damn good to pass up.  Very happy!Order at least one half size up, these run small as with my first pair.  The reviewers were right about this.
B00AONWP6U Buy these! Awesome shoes. If you have narrow feet like me Puma is always the way to go. These shoes fit pretty snug but are super comfortable and are light as air. They have awesome style too. I've gotten numerous compliments on them. I like them so much I bought a second pair in different colors.
B00AONWP6U Horrible Last pair of pumas I will EVER buy, the size is at least 1 size too small and always always always too narrow for anyone with feet. I wouldn't recommend this uncomfortable pair of crap for anyone. Save your money any buy a reliably good pair from a reputable manufacturer
B00AONWP6U Love PUMA I'm a huge fan of PUMA and have used their products for well over a decade, never disappointed in the quality! Bought this one along with another pair to replace my 7+ year old PUMA's that are still in great shape!
B00AOOH730 Love these shoes!!! I have been wearing Puma's for 20 years and they never disappoint.I have had almost every color of the rainbow that are available,my fave pair are my purple ones.
B00AOOH730 Great shoes, wrong color. I love Pumas. Have about a dozen pair that I wear daily--not at the same time, silly. Bought these because they looked great and the colors sounded cool. It says dark shadow and black...what could go wrong? The colors weren't what I was expecting so I returned them. Nothing wrong with the shoes, just my expectation of the color was wrong.Sorry Puma.
B00AOOH730 Good Quality Materials and Timeless Design...a Classic I use to buy pumas 4-5 years ago but I think they changed design and I lost  interest. Then, I started buying nike similar design but shoes didn't last long specially when I went to gym. Conclusion: they are not gym shoes. It doesn't help that nike is not my cup of tea.Besides, Italians have a gift for design and proportion. I really like the shoes. Even the box they are packaged is a little bit untraditional in a good way. You need to see it to believe it.I love vans (4 pairs in a yr or so) too but they have a quality control issue. The design and the simplicity is really nice but the materials quality is questionable. If vans could have pumas gift for design (unlike other companies that create spaceships) and attention to detail specially for this design, they will be a better company.Yes, I recommend this pair of sneakers for it's low profile/retro/classic design. It goes with everything without saying, "look at my shoes". It complements pretty much anything. By the way, it has two pair of shoe laces (black/grey). Cool stuff....
B00AOOH730 Perfect. I bought these for my boyfriend's birthday to replace an OLD pair he had. He was over the moon and could not be happier. They fit true to size and were delivered as promised.
B00AOOL1SC Love this is my second pair of Classics I purchase them in Lime loved them so much I got these.  Great way to add some color to your look.
B00AOOYHMY Great shoes that made me order another pair I always wanted this style shoe and it's everything that I wanted. Great shoes that made me order another pair
B00AOOZP3Y Comfy Very comfortable.  My first pair of pumas, I have wide feet, and have a hard time finding shoes that are comfortable, I usually go with new balances but an very pleased with these pumas
B00AOOZP3Y Casual shoe I was looking for a new casual shoe for spring/summer, the price was great on these.  I've had several pair of Pumas over the years and always happy with them.  Fit was as expected for the size, and there is a bit of an arch but not so bad that it bothers me.  First shoes I bought from Amazon, but I was pretty confident in the fit of Pumas so I took the risk and it worked out.
B00AORC57U Luv it! I love this pair of Pumas!.  Cute, comfortable and true to size.  I get a compliment every time I wear them.  Definitely buying another pair in a different color.
B00AQODE9E Not quite the right fit I wear an 8.5 slip on and a 9 lace up shoes. I ended up buying 3 versions of these: This pair, a black and dark gray pair, and a black and light gray pair. All have the same design, just vary in color. This pair here is too big for me! These ones AND the dark gray ones are too big, and that's after several washings in hot water and high heat drying. If you're on the bigger end of the fit range, these will fit you perfectly. Otherwise, I highly recommend looking up and going with the black and light gray version, those ones fit me perfectly. These socks are still really comfortable, AND wearable for me, they're just SLIGHTLY too big.
B00AWY5TQ4 Puma Sweat Pants I purchased these Puma sweatpants for my son for Christmas.  He actually had a pair of these that he wore for years and only wanted a new pair because he got paint on his old ones.  Quality was nice however they did appear to run a little big.  I returned them only because he needed a smaller size.  Fine quality sweatpants!
B00AY65V1I Great pair, bad size chart I have one pair of other PUMA tennis, with the same size, and they fit great, but this..... hmmmmm no.. Too small
B00AY6NZDE Loved my order.. Loved the shoes and they fit perfect, I cant wait til we have better weather so I can wear the other pair
B00AY6NZDE Puma sneakers I buy Puma sneakers because I'm an old guy and they fit my feet. These are no different. I have worn then to work(in a warehouse) the last 3 days and am happy to have purchased them. The 3 days of rough wear have not affected the looks of the shoes either. My daily shoe care consists of putting them on and taking them off. I bought these at a lower price(discontinued or whatever) but will happily pick up another pair as needed.
B00AY6NZDE Awesome pair of kicks These shoes fit great, just as have all the rest of the half dozen or so pairs of Pumas I've owned. The grey color pops a bit and they've been very comfortable so far including a three plus mile walk.
B00AY6NZDE Awesome pair of shoes! I have already started wearing them and laced them up just the way i like. Puma always has an awesome design with their sneakers and these are no exception.
B00B1E4QSQ Might buy a second pair I usually wear a 10, even 10 1/2 didn't fit well. Love the shoes though. Have yet to run in them, which is why I bought them.
B00B500BLW Love it! I just loved them they fit perfect and she loved them too:) they are conforable too she wants one more pair!
B00B5EDEZI first pumas I have been looking for a pair of sneakers and have usually bought new balance.  I really like the fit, color and wear of the pumasand I am glad I gave them a try and would purchase them again in the future.
B00B5EDEZI My Favorite Style and Color Had another pair in a different color -- loved them so much that I wanted another pair. These fit perfectly and they are gorgeous! I couldn't find them in any stores so I was so happy to find them on Amazon.
B00B5HUIO0 Great for a wider foot One of my twins has a wider foot and I feel like this accommodates her well. She's going to be 2 soon and is on her second pair - and we'll probably keep getting her more as she grows. The velcro is strong and on/off is easy.
B00B5HUIO0 Wonderful My daughter and I love this pair of sneakers. They are easy to get on and off but stay on her feet. They fit great!!
B00B5HUIO0 Second Pair I can't get enough of these. My son had a previous pair that he lost, so I replaced them with the same pair.Highly recommended.
B00B5KO6EU these are the cutest!! Now i'm gonna have to buy a puma warmup suit to match so he can look totally pimp!! Such adorable shoes;) made me want a pair;)
B00B5L0ANK Durable shoes, I just ordered a second pair of these for my daughter, her original pair was purchased over 2 years ago, and since I bought them slightly larger they actually fit the whole time (she claims she has had them over 3 years). Her shoes are looking pretty bad because she had a lighter color, and these quickly became her &#34;play outside shoes&#34; but despite looking terribly dirty they have held up extremely well. I had to order her another pair, because on several occasions we have left the house before I realize she was wearing her worn out shoes, her excuse is they are so comfortable. It was driving me crazy having her out in public looking like we neglect her with those shoes on, while her brothers sport new clean shoes. I had threatened to throw out her shoes, but felt bad doing so, when she expressed her love for them, despite having a multitude of shoes to choose from, so she agreed to put them to rest if I ordered another pair. Basically these shoes have held up so well, I would recommend them for children, since in my opinion they are durable.PS my toddler had  the whirlwinds in his favorite color (green), he wore them everyday for almost 2 years, and they still look good enough to hand down. I don't know why I bother buying other shoes for my children, when they get tossed aside, never worn and end up in the donation pile. Going to save my money from now on, since both my children got a new pair of the cabanas, so they should be good for the next 2 years.
B00B5W0FHK Comfortable shoes Daughter loves them.Good materials. Comfortable. Will definitely buy another pair of these puma shoes. Maybe some that have more details.
B00B5W0UUW Look great Great sneakers.  Love the silver & pink combo.  Bought a larger pair too for when she grows out of the others.
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable and Supportive I am very pleased with the size fit on these; I finally have a pair of crosstrainers that actually fit me. Lightweight, too.
B00B7LUG00 My husband loved his first pair so much he had me look ... My husband loved his first pair so much he had me look on line for another pair.  First pair bought in retail store.
B00B7LUG00 mell es suga running=comfortable Awesome shoes. Pumas are so comfy. I love the yellow. Puma is my favorite. The tread desine on these has serious grip. My favorite pair of shoes for sure. The bottom is such a cool original design making them stand out.
B00B7LUYFC Darn good pair of shoes I had my reservations about buying a pair of Puma's to work out nearly everyday in. However, these are very comfortable shoes w/ good support and cushioning. For the price, this is a great buy.
B00B7LUYFC great pair of shoes great pair of shoeshave been using the for the gym andI really like the look the feel the support and the comfort.thank you.
B00B7LY4HQ So Comfy I love these for walking and running. I also wear them on the elliptical quite often, and they give my legs a different work out than my other gym shoes. They're light and breathe well. I love the way they support my arch and give my toes lots of room to spread out. They're very comfortable.There really is two different colors of purple, a grape color and a periwinkle-ish purple, and the black mesh part has a rainbow sparkly effect applied. It's cute, but I'm not sure that it really adds to the shoe. I'd buy another pair, but probably a different color scheme.
B00B9ZDQA6 Sizing aside, my favorite shoes! This line of shoes has always fit a bit small. If you've owned a pair before, you know that already. Best to order a size larger than your normal. Small size aside, I love this shoe. I was worried the bottoms would wear out quickly, but they really hold up well. A year of daily wear on my first pair & they still look new. Glad I found this deal for a second pair!
B00B9ZDQA6 Very comfortable I really like this pair of shoes. They are very comfortable and come with 2 colors of shoe laces so you can match them a bit.
B00B9ZDQA6 The most comfortable shoes I've ever owned I've been wearing these in brown for the past three years. The nubs on the soles wore off relatively quickly, but otherwise they have held up incredibly well. They are so comfortable, I've refused to buy any other shoe for daily wear! While I'd prefer another pair in brown, I do also like these color options, so they're as good as sold. Classic Puma styling and incredible fit and comfort... just my favorite shoes ever.
B00BEDMKV4 Very Comfortable I love these pants, not just for when I am training, but also just to wear around the house. Definitely one of my favorite pair.
B00C5UNM0I Just right. Fit as expected.  Not the most comfortable pair of shoes I've owned, but good for casual days, once in a while I guess.
B00C5UOFS6 Great run in thes Puma's Ready to run out of the box. Great Comfort in these shoes. I ordered another pair. Go all the way with Puma's!!!
B00C5UPSS2 Awesome shoes. I have two pair now Awesome shoes.  I have two pair now.
B00C699NTC Nice shoe but they seem to run a half size too small I really love the look of these shoes so much that I bought two pairs (a white pair and a black pair) however, the 11.5's I bought ran really small and were too uncomfortable to bare hence, I had to return them but I plan to try a replacement pair a size up soon. Also Amazon handled the return of both pairs of shoes flawlessly.
B00C699NTC Recommended I've probably purchased 10 pairs of different style Puma shoes over the last 5 years and this is the first pair where I feel like my 10.5 runs small.  Otherwise it's a solid shoe & like most Puma shoes they seem to hold up well.
B00C6BOILS very nice Got many compliments, fit perfect.  The toe area is a very vibrant blue, but I liked it. I may buy another color as additional pair
B00C6BPP10 They are okay I wear between an 8.5 and 9 and never know how each pair of shoes will fit. These are a little big on me and I purchased a size 9 but they still fit good enough to keep them.
B00C6BUJDY My favorite pair of wedge sneakers!! I got these after purchasing 3 other pair of wedge sneakers and now I wish they were all Puma's. These are my favorite by far! Super cute, super comfortable and I can dance all night in these. As with all Puma's I think they do run a touch small. I usually wear a 10 but I got these in an 11, I'd probably be better off with a 10.5 which is what I'll buy for pair #2.
B00C6BUJDY Like a Glove! These shoes are so comfortable. Im glad I listened to the other reviews and ordered a half size up. You cannot go wrong with these. Im thinking of getting another pair.
B00C6BUJDY Exactly what I hoped for Fast shipping, shoe fits great and they are very comfortable and they make me feet look small lol (I wear a size 10) and you also get a second set of laces, I ordered the black pair and got a pair of pink laces as well.
B00C6BUJDY Awesome This shoes are awesome. My face lit up when I opened the box. They are true to size and come two pairs of laces so that you can change out the colors if you like. I will definitely purchase another pair.
B00C6BUJDY Very Nice!!! These are one of my favorite pair of sneakers. I get so many compliments when I wear these. I have flat feet so it is a must for a comfortable shoe. I work standing on my feet for at least 8-15 hours a day!
B00C6BUJDY Nice Trendy look I had another pink pair of these that I purchased from TJ Maxx, and I have completely worn those out so I came looking for a new pair. They are super comfortable and cute. Not as heavy as they look but I would order a size up. For some reason they run a little small.
B00C6EW87G shoes These shoes are so comfy it's like wearing slippers.  I could walk in them all day and my feet will not feel tired cause it's almost like walking barefoot but you still get plenty of cushion.  I would love to get another pair of these and the colors are great.
B00C6EW87G A+ My first pair of PUMA's and I'm thrilled they fit perfectly!  If you usually wear a 10 1/2 ..the 11 fits GREAT.  I Love how lightweight they are and the color is sharp looking!!  I would Love another pair in the Future!!!
B00C9CRQCW Stand Out! These leggings are my favorite.  People tend to be drawn to the pattern and I am always approached and asked where did I purchase.  They are so comfortable and complimentary to my physique.  I will definitely order another pair.
B00CAJRVII Boys red leather Pumas These shoes were wonderful and the fit is true to fit. My son loved them! I think I'll definitely be buying another pair when he outgrows these.
B00CAJVONQ Great shoes Shipping was fast with the free 2day shipping Amazon Prime. They fit spot on. In general Puma's are narrow, but they still fit well and are very comfortable. I plan to buy another pair in a different color.
B00CAJXM0Y Great Fit My wife loves the look and feel of this shoe; it is one of the most comfortable pair she has ever owned.
B00CAJZDHY Great buy for the price! I love these shoes. I have tendon problems in my feet and these shoes are so supportive and lightweight that I have been able to run! The color is more orange than coral (which is what I expected), but I love orange so I'm good the color. They are certainly eye catchers. I'm thinking about buying another pair in another color, that's how happy I am. And they didn't cost $150!
B00CAK38DY First time I don't shop on the kids dept. For the first time ever I don't have to shop on either the kids or women dept for tennis shoes. I have small feet; therefore, I either get my tennis shoes on the kids section or women section. I order those shoes hoping that if it doesn't fit I'll return them, but I was surprised that they fit me just perfect, now I just ordered another pair but different color.
B00CAK38DY Very comfortable, but too large. The arch is wonderful, but because the shoe is too large, the arch is too far back.  I ordered two pair, green and purple.  I'm returning both pair, but I have ordered replacements.
B00CAK6FVQ great pair of shoes. Nice fit as long as you know your size. Great pair of shoes. My teenage granddaughter love the Teal. nice.
B00CAK796Q Wore out one pair and bought a second pair My husband bought these same shoes, in the same color combination, at our local running shoe store in March or April 2013.  They were $112.  He wore them almost every day for the past year for our daily 3-5 mile walks, as well as for walks all over Northern Europe.  In other words, he wore them a LOT.  It was only in the past few weeks that some of the stitching in the toe began to come loose, and the tread is just beginning to wear down in a few spots.  So we looked online for replacement shoes and found them on Amazon for a lot less money --- they were only $69 --- than the first pair bought locally.  The new pair fits exactly like the old pair and my husband says he didn't have to break them in at all;  they fit and felt well the first time he put them on.  This is a well-made, comfortable shoe that really lasts through many hundreds of miles of walking.
B00CAK9ABI Great fit and look Second pair of these particular shoes I have brought in the past two months (different colors) I love the style and fit of these which are by far some of the most comfortable sneakers I've had.
B00CFDPE7Y Cool kicks These are great shoes, comfortable and light. I want another pair already. These are the 8 words needed to finish
B00CWL2EWC My 14th pair of Puma Sky Wedges... I love Puma's line of sky wedge sneakers so much, I own 14 pairs!! I have them in all different color styles... They are the most comfortable pairs of shoes in my closet and I can't recommend them enough.
B00DBDVDA4 Not quite the right fit I wear an 8.5 slip on and a 9 lace up shoes. I ended up buying 3 versions of these: This pair, a white pair, and a black and light gray pair. All have the same design, just vary in color. This pair here is too big for me! These ones AND the white ones are too big, and that's after several washings in hot water and high heat drying. If you're on the bigger end of the fit range, these will fit you perfectly. Otherwise, I highly recommend looking up and going with the black and light gray version, those ones fit me perfectly. These socks are still really comfortable, AND wearable for me, they're just SLIGHTLY too big.
B00DHJQ39S Great golf shoe Most comfortable golf shoes ever.  They didn't even need broken in. Will be buying another pair as backup!  Buy them!
B00DHJRKU4 Light and Comfortable I'm genuinely surprised by the comfort-factor of this shoe. This is my first pair of spike-less and the performance impressed me. Good traction, extreme comfort, and so light you barely notice them. Waterproof action seems to work really well and the shoe almost fits a little wide which is perfect in my case, roomy and comfortable. I'm surprised I like these as much as I do; I'd buy another pair and recommend giving them a try.
B00DNNOCQE Great shoes My husband loves this shoes.This is his second pair in the last 4 years.They run a bit tight but do stretch over time.
B00DNNOGEW Great Shoe Very comfortable, fits well and is sweet to walk on. I like them. I got them for running on a treadmill and am looking forward to trying them out. I have been wearing them and they are very easy on the feet. I would definitely buy another pair
B00DNNS0XA Disapointed In the Quality and Possible Fakes I bought these shoes because I noticed the overall design quality of my Nike Air Darts appeared to be getting worse and worse with each successful pair (buying new ones every 6-7 months) and so I bought these.  The first thing I noticed upon opening the box were the colors. The stripe on the side was gray not white.  There were very noticeable glue marks (yes as in it looked like a 1st grader had made these in his class), the paint quality was terrible.  There was spots where you could tell they painted black originally then tried to paint over it with red while it was still wet, causing the colors to mix.  The black rubber used in the toe and heel area seems very similar to that black rubber that was use on McDonald's old play grounds. The stitching is pretty good.  They are somewhat comfy for being made for running period; they seem to lack cushioning for my foot.  The shoes feel like those toe shoes .If these are Pumas, I was quite surprised to not see their anti-counterfeit holographic tag.  I have seen many fakes and if these are real they are poor quality.  Overall I would recommend NOT buying these ever, especially if you pay $70 and are expecting quality shoes.This is my 2nd pair of Pumas.  My first pair were the Puma Ferrari's and those are extremely high quality 1000% what I think of when I consider the brand Puma.  If you desire quality shoes, then go with made in Vietnam, not China.  Finally, if you really need quality shoes go with what they sell at the MCX.
B00DNNS6ZM Unexpected Comfort and Cushioning I bought the Victoria Blue color shoes because they seemed as though they would look nice with a pair of jeans.  After trying them on for the first time they are extremely comfortable and of course stylish with a pair of Levi's or Rock Revival jeans.  I didn't haven't a problem with the sizing either,  Usually when I purchase the Puma GV Specials size 9's I have to wear them around house for a few hours to break them in but these Powertech were perfect in my opinion..  There soft, lightweight, comfortable and very well cushioned.  I'm considering ordering the off white pair for running.
B00DNO0QRC Good deal, great shoes I would definitely buy another pair and probably will after awhile
B00DOE8S9O Great shoe! We have a previous pair of these shoes that lasted well over a year and were worn EVERY DAY! Comfy!
B00DOE8S9O Love these shoes... They are nicer than they appear in the ad - according to my husband very comfortable bought another pair in a different style also.
B00DOE8S9O The rubber shoes that rub. I own 4 pair's of Puma's, very happy with all. I have a pair very similar to these, they are not rubber. I found these shoes rub the tops of my fet above the toe area every time i step. The material binds in a way when it flexes it pushes down on the foot. Otherwise I would have been very happy
B00DOE8S9O Excellent Excellent shoe at a very inexpensive price. A classy pair of sneakers that can be work with casual clothing. My kids are envious.
B00DOG4R2Y ... for this type of shoe for years and so happy I found this style Haven't worn them yet but I've been looking for this type of shoe for years and so happy I found this style!  Planning on buying another pair here shortly.
B00DOG55AW Puma Cat 5 Great looking well made comfortable shoe.  Proud to wear in public.  Recommend to all that inquire. I expect to order another pair soon.
B00DQYYVAM Fantastic Shoe! This is my 5th pair of Vulc Salas, love these shoes! Please bring back a red, white & blue design!
B00DTZFZCQ Love these shoes! Adorable shoes!  Will buy another pair when my son grows out of these.
B00DULVYCO Lovely Pair Just disappointed that it does not fit my son now. But am looking forward to him wearing it when his feet grow.
B00DULXWII Kid loves them This is my second pair I purchased for the kiddo. He loved the first pair so much, he wanted the exact same color (black and white) for his next pair (but slightly larger). They wear well and are spot-on as far as sizing goes. They are also easy to clean. Will probably pick up his third pair before too long.
B00DY6160A Hit or miss *UPDATE* wound up returning these...they just weren't comfy OR cute enough for the price. Gotta be at least one or the other!I've been on the lookout for a pair of shoes that had the comfort of a sneaker without the look of them...I do a lot of walking in the summer, and I want a pair of comfy shoes I could walk around the city in without looking like a tourist. I picked these after researching several other pairs because there were so many positive reviews extolling their comfort. They're pretty sporty looking, so I wouldn't ever wear them to the office (except for maybe on casual Fridays), and I was surprised to find that they're NOT all that comfortable. No arch support, no extra-cushy padding, nothing to make these all that extraordinary. They're comfier than a standard ballet flat, but I don't know that they're comfy enough for more than a casual stroll/running errands (won't know until I try...and potentially wind up with blisters all over). They're cute, but not sooo cute and they're comfy, but not sooo comfy, so...I'm still on the fence on whether to keep them or not. The one feature I do appreciate is that there's a small pad at the back of the shoe to prevent any rubbing/chafing on your heel, but I'm not sure that one feature's enough to make these otherwise meh shoes a winner in my book.Sizing and quality also seems questionable, which is furthering my indecisiveness. I initially purchased my standard size 6.5...from what I've read, Puma sizing can be all over the place, but many reviews cited these as true to size, with some saying they're slightly large. Since I'm usually 6.5 or 7, I figured I'd be safe with the 6.5, but...they were juuust slightly too large to the point where they slipped off my heels as I walked around, so back they went. When I received the size 6, they fit perfectly, but! There was an odd lump in the toe of the left shoe, some sort of defect where the fabric wasn't glued properly, causing it to bump out and rub against my toe. Ick. Back they went. The next pair? Same lump problem, but this time with the addition of a noticeable crease on the exterior of the shoe where the lump was located. I was thinking the first lumpy pair was just a fluke, but a second pair with a similar issue seems questionable. So once again they went back, and well...3rd time's the charm, right? But...for some reason, these size 6's fit tighter than the other ones had! Sigh. Rather than exchange them a fourth time, I'm hoping that with some wear, they'll stretch out a bit and feel more like they're hugging rather than suffocating my feet...they're not cutting off circulation, but they're just a smidge...cozy. After all the exchanges, I'm hesitant to send these back once again and start all over with an entirely different pair of shoes, so I'm debating on just holding onto these in the hopes that they'll grow on me/I'll learn to love them.
B00DY6160A I found these and I love them so much I may purchase another I had been searching for a replacement of another puma sneakerina type shoe.  I found these and I love them so much I may purchase another pair
B00DY6160A Great Pair of Shoes! Comfortable, Easy to slide on when you are in a hurry, excellent on those days I have not had time to beautify my toes :)
B00DY61M0E Pair #7 This is my seventh pair of Puma Zandy flats.  I have a rainbow of colors.  I wore the new pair yesterday and was literally stopped in the street by two different women who asked about the shoe.  The color is stunning and electric, even better than the Amazon photo. The Zandy flat is a perfect shoe for my feet.  Enough said.
B00DY75DWQ Jazzy Looking Shoe Love the look and light weight feel of this shoe. I initially ordered it because my 8 year old granddaughter has a pair of rainbow shoes and they looked so fun I had to have a pair. I was surprised at how light weight these Pumas are and how well they fit my feet. I've had several compliments on the jazzy colors!
B00DY789HM PUMA Wedges Runs Small..Hope it stretches .. Color is Beautiful for Spring! Would buy another pair! I love wedges .. Thank You
B00EDOMUYI Love my Puma's I have been a Puma guy for a while, but this is the first pair I bought online. THe size is just as expected. The are light weight and super smooth. I bought them for work (I am a barber, so I am on my feet all day) and they are very comfortable. I also have gotten plenty of people admiring the design.
B00EDOMUYI tight fit Bought these without ever owning a pair of pumas, tight fit, comfortable, and worth the deal of the day money. Wish I bought 3 pairs.
B00EDOMUYI I wish I had bought another pair Yes.......I wish I had bought another pair, or 2 or 3 others in different colors, but didn't know if the red pair would fit. They fit just fine, but by the time I received them, the special price reduction had expired, so wasn't able to order more at that reduced price.Please discount these again & Ill purchase MORE !
B00EDOMUYI Every new pair is cooler than the last! I am addicted to Puma shoes, and Amazon is my main supplier. Their prices and selection are unparalleled. These shoes are particularly cool. They have just enough red and sheen to be loud without screaming.Since ordering last week I've literally received compliments on the shoes from complete strangers.There is one Amazon seller I would avoid, however, as--unlike Amazon--they force you to pay return shipping plus a restocking fee of 15% if you need to return a pair of shoes (not these, of course--these I'm keeping until I need my next fix).I'll name the seller if they don't reply positively to my request for return shipping reimbursement...
B00EDOMUYI Nice Shoes I have two pair but I live in Florida and usually wear flippies :-)
B00EDOMUYI first pumas First pair of pumas I've ever had, they fit snug but not too snug and I'm sure when they break in they'll fit perfectly, I actually like how small the feel.Very nice looking without being flashy.Docked a star because the stitching on one section is off a bit and it will drive me crazy until I get new shoes but it won't effect the durability or wear of the shoe, just my mind.
B00EDOMUYI Great Quality - Comfortable Shoe Bought these after my NEW Nike's developed a squeak when I walked. I have more than a few pair of Puma and my Nike experience reminded me why.These are very comfortable, the toes breathe very well and hey...they look pretty cool too!
B00EDOMUYI very unhappy Even though they were listed at 10.5 w, I couldn't even put my foot in them. I had my foot measured and they are still 10.5 w. I had to send them back at my own expense and then go out to a store and by another pair. Be assured I also bought a different brand.
B00EDOR4L2 Returned these and bought voltaic 4 instead I like the look of these shoes but I had recently had a voltaic 3 pair and was looking for something similar. I ordered these and when i got them to try them on the tongue was much bigger than I was used too. I like the look and fit of the ones with a smaller tongue so I returned these and bought the voltaic 4 cross trainers!!
B00EDOR4L2 They are so comfortable. This is my first pair and I recommend ... I have only worn them once.  They fit as expected.  They are so comfortable.  This is my first pair and I recommend these.
B00ETBBFA0 lovely shoes but.... Just what I wanted, however bought the last pair(which was my size) and it was like trying on a pair 3 sizes too small. Definitely buy but heed my warning.
B00ETHZV2M Good for smaller feet I think I really love Pumas but this style was not what I thought it would be. First, the cut near the top of the laces is open and I was afraid it would wear down. Then, the back of my ankle kept rubbing up against the back of the sneaker. I knew I'd have to always wear my socks with the back cushion flap. Overall, if you know the style, you'll love it. I thought it would be this light, bouncy pair of sneakers then I realized that I needed more support. Puma is a great brand and I will try on one of the other small styles in a store before purchasing online next time.
B00ETHZV2M Awesome! I always wear Puma's to workout.  This pair fit perfectly, and look good too. I also liked the price as they were $20 less expensive than the others I have purchased.
B00FEM4G2W Great Shoes Great pair of sneakers; stylish and comfortable. The combination of white and light lavender is very subtle. Very very satisfied.
B00FFM3Q6S Great cleats My son loves these cleats because there is a little padding for the sole.  Most cleats are very hard.  This is his second pair because he out grew the first pair.
B00GO70MQ0 Great fit, average value I shopped around for a pair of track pants that were comfortable enough to lounge in, but had a firm enough fit to jog in. These are cuffed at the bottom which is great. Also, nice draw strings and zippers on the pockets. If they weren't $45, I'd buy another pair.
B00GS66XLU Love Pumas, but not quite these Long story short, my first pair of a Pumas were part of the Cell family and I LOVED them. Then my dog chewed one up. Since then, I've been looking for another pair of Pumas that would fit just as great as those Cells. I went ahead and got these when I tried them on at the Outlet Mall. They're not awesome, but they were the best I could find at the time I was looking, so I went ahead and got them. My main issue with them is that the top of the foot flap thing (that you tie the laces over), is sewn into the lining so you can't really adjust it or make the shoe tighter or anything. This is an issue for my low arch that needs the shoe to really snug my foot.Otherwise, I think they are really pretty shoes. But I am now again looking for another Puma that is closer to the Cell family design.
B00HTAKRI4 comfortable sneaks This is my 2nd pair of puma sneakers.They are very comfortable and look great.I wear them all day at work.I'm on my feet 8hrs. a day.I am size 13 and have flat feet.They will probably last me about 6 to 7 months.For 39 dollars that's not bad.Will buy them again.
B00I2V3IN0 Two years and counting My wife has these in black and pink which she bought a couple years back and she has received so many compliments for these shoes. She finds them really comfortable and has been wearing them through the seasons and on varied terrains, even dusty and muddy roads but these have been excellent. No complaints ! She bought this pair today for the same shoe as she wanted an alternate color from the black and pink version and is really happy with her purchase. Shoes like these make me feel that Puma is worth every penny.
B00IU4PO72 These are great quality sports shoes but the pair I got had ... These are great quality sports shoes but the pair I got had the tightening line worn down just a Little. Other than this issue they fit fine and I use shoe trees on them to keep them from creasing!
B00JWYXRHI Perfect fit and style for me. Bought a pair of these a month ago and love everything about them: fit, retro style, colors. Have now bought a total of four pair-different colors.
B00KX7OVFA Puma's Done It Again I LOVE THIS FLIP FLOP. The style, color, fit all 5 stars. I bought another pair of Puma flip flops prior to this pair and wish I had gone with this one in the first place. Was trying to save a few dollars, lol, yes, paying a few more dollars for these was worth it!!!
