B0009QGPPO Very Comfortable I always wore Nike soccer turf shoes and have been playing soccer over 25 years. This Puma King turf is very comfortable (even more than my running shoe) and simply amazing!
B000CCZ740 Love those colors! I was having heel problems before these shoes.  Now, my heel is feeling much better and I've continued my training regime.  The colors may bother some but results vastly outweigh any vanity that comes my way.  The shoes are light, very supportive, and very comfortable when running.  I'm very pleased with them so far (I've been using them for about one month).  I definitely recommend these shoes!
B000GQ24RU Good shoes Not best for running but look very cool.  comfortable enough to wear for style
B000OR2EEE So far, so good I've been running with this shoes for a few weeks now and have to say I'm very pleased with them.  They fit very well and provide good support.  Some people would probably find the support too stiff, but I like it. I'll try to update this review after I've been running with these shoes for a couple of months to see how they hold up.The lacing eyelets are weird though and taken some getting used to.  The laces do not go up the center of the shoe, they are off center for whatever reason.  Like I said, weird, but it doesn't take away anything from the shoe.
B000U69V0Y GREAT SHOE...IF IT FITS THE TRAILFOX II XCR IS AN EXCELLENT TRAIL RUNNING SHOE....IT HAS A FANTASTIC SOLE THAT FACILITATES RUNNING ON GRAVEL. YOU DON'T FEEL THE ROCKS AND IT'S DESIGN PREVENTS STONES FROM GETTING CAUGHT-UP IN THE TREAD. THIS SHOE IS PARTICULARLY GREAT FOR COLD AND WET WEATHER. I'VE FIELD TESTED THESE SHOES IN AFGHANISTAN UNDER A VARIETY OF RUGGED CONDITIONS WHILE STATIONED HERE WITH THE US ARMY. MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THE FIT...BECAUSE OF IT'S BOOT-LIKE CONSTRUCTION, RUNNERS WITH HIGH INSTEPS HAVE TROUBLE GETTING INTO THEM AND THEY TEND TO BE SIZED SLIGHTLY SMALL. WHEN I CAN GET THEM ON, THE 10.5 IS A BIT SNUG. IT'S PERFORMANCE EXCELLENT.
B0013VH7PQ Great Shoes! Well, they are worth the price if you are buying these for actual running.  If you aren't then I would never spend 120 on these shoes.Yes, they are not good for wearing in the rain.  But again, these are actual running shoes, so the mesh is a blessing when running.And in the end, these are about the most comfortable shoes I have ever bought for running.  They seem bulky when I first put them on, but they mold to your feet so well.  And they are light, offer great cushioning, and are for neutral runners.I have gone as far as 12 miles in these, and they hold up very very well.
B0014DE166 Very stylish These shoes look great. They're a little tight in the toe box, but break in. Nice alternative to the running shoe for every day wear.
B0019UBUD6 Great running shoe! Well-crafted. A close look shows the detailed work. Doesn't appear glued together like so many other shoes. Plenty of cushioning and support. An excellent run in a stylish shoe. Comfortable and very reasonably priced when compared to others in its category.
B001B51W64 Read the following... I've worn these shoes for about 6 months now. They are a great athletic casual shoe, however they are not good for running. There is not enough support or cushioning for that purpose. They go flat very quick. So if you want an awesome pair of shoes that look great, get them. But if you plan on running, walking alot, or cross training, you may want a different pair of shoes.
B001B51W64 Black Puma voltaic running shoe very comfortable, no need to break them in.  very comfortable for running in. sleek and stylish too. only problem I observed is that after walking in these for a few hours at a time, my heel starts to ache. but then again, not many shoes are out there that dont do that to my feet. 5 stars!
B001B51W64 Best Running Shoes Fits perfectly and feels great the first time (i.e., no need to break it in). Very light, makes you feel like you're running on air.
B001B51W64 Comfortable, good looking shoes These shoes are extremely comfortable and good looking shoes, fit for running,gym and daily use.Worth the money.
B001B51W64 Great running shoes, but beware... I brought a pair of these last summer for running/walking and was initially very pleased with the purchase. These shoes are excellent for running because it's very lightweight while offering good cushioning support. For runners, I think these are as good as they get. They're not the most durable shoes though.However, I probably won't ever purchase another pair because they soak in water like crazy. It is impossible to wear them in any wet area (e.g. after rain) and expect to keep your feet dry. The problem lies in the construction: the mesh cloth connects to the shoes' bottom, and hence soaks in any moisture. If you're like me and treat your running shoes as all-purpose shoes, then you might want to try elsewhere.
B001B51W64 light running shoes I got these a month ago and i am happy with them, I suggest getting 1/2 size bigger....
B001B52K0Q Not comfortable at all Stylish shoe that fits true to size.  But not all comfortable.  Very stiff and tight.  Not really running shoes.  Not bad to were with jeans for a few hours and that's it!
B001B52SDK Sick shoe! These shoes are awesome!  The look is just great, I have gotten numerous compliments on them.  I am also a crossfitter so have used these for both heavy strength training and metcon workouts with running and lifting.  The flat sole is good for lifting technique and has good cushion overall, not crazy but enough and has a great fit to it.  Only thing I would recommend is scotch guard the white areas cause they get dirty fast on the toe.  Awesome otherwise, and I will probably by another pair when these start to wear out but doing great so far with regular wearing and workouts.
B001B540N6 Great Running/Leisure Shoe. Ordered from [...], awesome shoes.  Great for running, but I should have ordered 1/2 a size larger.  Fashion and function in one shoe, you can't beat that.
B001CHEOW0 For track/pavement not trails I boughta pair about a month ago and have worn them almost everyday. I was surprised by how much different they feel from cross-trainers/marathon running shoes I am used to. There's not as much padding; a golf ball sized rock could cause a bruise if the foot lands on it. At first I thought that the lack of padding would be a problem but I haven't had any shock problems (and by now I probably would).They've held up well on pavement and trails (mostly trails). There aren't any major blemishes (scuffs/rips) and they seem well made. Still, I don't think they will hold up under regular running/bike (gravel-uneven terrain, etc.) trail abuse.If anything changes I'll update this review.
B001CHEOW0 yes, they do run at least a half size smaller than advertised. good nonetheless. very light, good enough support for walking and running. what i like most is they are not all clunky n thick on the bottom -- so they dont encourage bad running form. these, moreso than most running shoes, encourage running on the balls of your feet (perhaps because theyre sprinting shoes). most shoes have heavily cushioned heels which make heel striking intuitive, but this causes injury. these, on the other hand, are good shoes.
B001CHEOW0 not suitable to move in wet the shoe bottom is so thin that water will get in when walking/running in wet situation. It is not quiet. You can hear noise when your foot rub in the shoes, not suitable for everyday use if you want to walk around office, library where quiet are required.However, it is lighter than many shoes I bought, suitable for running if you do not mind its short comings.buy a little larger size.Good luck.
B001CHG1YY A great fit Feel like I'm walking on clouds and running through a cotton field that how smooth and comfortable they feel on my feet.
B001CHG1YY I got tired of going to the Puma store I've had these shoes in the past and got tired of running to the store ( I hate malls) so I got them online.  It's a great shoe and it arrived very quickly.  I'll order the again from here when these wear out.  Pumas are typically a flatter insole so if you have a high arch these may not be the best for you.  For skateboarding they are great.
B001H0F93K Good and Bad I bought these shoes for general gym purposes, and for that they are great.  I can lift and cycle comfortably, and I have no problems walking around town while wearing them.  Running, however, is a different story.  There is almost no cushioning, so running in these would be a bad idea.  I would recommend these for any activity BUT running.
B001H0FDZ4 AWEOME These are great shoes!!! They are definately designed more for trail running, but I wear them for normal everyday use. They are very comfortable, and very good looking. All around... I Love Them!!!
B001H0FMQE still have them and its been years! i still use these shoes to walk the beach, they are comfy, cute and still have good support for walking.. they dont have a ton of bounce for sports like running, basketball or tennis... but they are great for when you are on your feet at the mall or something as well as the long walk
B001H0FMQE Love em! Not only are these shoes super comfy but they look great also. I always wear them when I go to NY where I do miles of walking and my feet never hurt. I also wear them to the gym on days when I do light cardio or sculpting. Not sure how they would be as a running shoe, I stick to my running sneakers for that but overall I love them and will probably be purchasing another pair soon.
B001H0FQLK Stylish low profile kicks! I love these sneakers!  I wear a size 10 and have normal to semi wide feet, and these fit perfectly.  I love the colors and the design.  The sneaker is very low profile and very light weight.  There is not much cushion support but I use these for casual wear (I would not recommend these for running/training).  Note that most of the shoe is made of a leather type material and mesh, but the heel is a vinyl type material (a little glossy).
B001H0G0DI More form than substance Puma aesthetics are unrivaled (in my opinion), and this shoe is no exception. It looks great - sleek, even a bit sexy. It is very comfortable for walking and "kicking around". However, this is not a serious running shoe. It does not have ample arch support for long runs and is a bit heavier than most running shoes. Although I love the look and the feel for casual wear, I would not recommend them for more than that.
B001KFAKUY Stylish and Cush I love these shoes. They run true to size and are even better looking in person. I wear them for running about town not for working out. Stylish, casual, comfortable shoes!
B001OOMRYS uncomfortable.... I advice you to try looking for it localy before buying, i'm glad i did, it's very good looking but very uncomfortable too....I usually wear adidas boston shoes, and other running shoes~
B001OOMZNQ Who say's fashion should be comfortable!? great style people will stare and wonder where you got them and how much you paid! The puma on the inner side of the shoes as excellent detail especially with the outer sides of the shoe have the gold and black classic puma strip.But, they are not comfortable for walking, running, or anything really!
B001QXC7ZQ Great for running, not for fighting crime. This is a great compromise between a short and full running pants.  If you are like me you love to run but don't want to be "that guy" in running shorts who looks like he is doing his best Anthony Weiner impression these might be for you.  If you love to let your legs get some air or have ever pulled up your running pants up a bit when the temp started to climb and found out your could very efficiently regulate your heat, thank you very much... these might be for you.They are nylon and reasonably breathable without being so form fitting that you feel the urge to fight crime. The legs come to about mid shin standing and about 2 inches below the knee in a deep bend. Like all things from outside of the US they run a size to a size and a half small unless you are a male version of Twiggy.  So far they have lasted two years without fading or wearing holes and because they are nylon they are still the same size.  Give 'em a whirl, if you meet the above criteria you should probably give them a try.  Oh yeah, if you are a bit older like myself and love that "swish, swish, shish, swish" sound you lost when they started making runners spandex wearing superhero wannabes, this will be a bonus too! They are just too darned noisy for crime fighting.
B001RJLWC8 Favorite running pants The fabric is very lightweight and stays cool even in long runs, I already got one of each color, great product and value.
B001SAP4MA Great Trail Running Shoes I am 44 and run regulary: about 30 minutes 4 times a week on a bridal trail. At first, I noticed my calves and ankle muscules worked harder than in regular track shoes because the shoe is smaller, more form fitting with less padding to create a more foot-like response when stepping on those hidden rocks, roots, branches on the trail thus avoiding twisting an ankle. But my muscles quickly gained strength and agility which is extrememly important when every step varies as opposed to street running--that's one reason why one needs those large spongy track shoes to prevent repetitive enjuries, not to mention the harder surface impact.I highly recommend them. They are super cute too and look good with jeans if you have to! This pic is true to the color.
B001TDDL8A Puma Running Shoes Not the perfect shoe, but good.  Taking a while to wear in but good support.
B001VH6XPW puma shoes fan !! Great sneakers, very comfortable either for running or just walking, easy to clean, u cant go worng with puma sneakers!!
B001VH736K GOOD SNEAKER Although these are running sneakers, they are not padded enough for running, but they are great for the gym. I really like the fit, comfort and look. I would never spend $100 on them, but Amazon had a great sale price.
B001VH736K PUMA Happy with these, Puma's are great and would purchase these again! Light sleek and I even play basketball with these, although I dont recommend this as you can roll your ankle easily, but these are my favorite running shoes.
B001VH7RWA great shoes I found these shoes at an outlet store and the color (dark brown) was just what I was looking for.  They are very lightweight so you don't feel like you are wearing a very heavy sneaker for just running around.  But the best thing about them is the arch support.  I usually try to buy something where I can remove the liner and put in my orthotics.  The liner cannot be removed in these but that is ok because they have a great support, probably better than with my orthotics.  My feet are not tired and definitely not sore after a day of running around.  The only thing if I had to complain is the laces.  They are a silky kind of nylon and I find they keep needing to be retied throughout the day.  Will probably replace the laces.
B001VH81PM Minimalist Running? Transitional Shoe I recently read Christopher McDougall's "Born to Run" and wanted very much to dive right into barefoot/minimalist running shortly thereafter. I bought Vibram Five Finger shoes and realized I was doing too much too soon (TMTS)... I got the dreaded TOFP (top of foot pain) that I'd read about on some barefoot running blogs... So what's a girl to do? Buy more shoes of course!I ordered the Puma K-Street II shoes as a transitional shoe, and then will move toward the Merrell Pace Gloves and Vibrams again once my feet have strengthened to the point that it makes sense to move on. I ran a mile in these shoes the other day and it felt good. I usually wear a 6.5 in Puma's, and had to order these in a 7.5 (after reading other reviews that said they ran small). I wish they had a 7, because they seem a LITTLE bit larger than I'd like, but all in all, a solid shoe. Super lightweight, good ground-feel for a transitional shoe, and enough padding that I'm not going to quickly get stress fractures in my foot from doing TMTS!
B001VH81PM POSE recommended shoe **update - great for Zumba** I purchased these shoes because they were recommended by the POSE method of running. POSE running utilizes bare-bones shoes w/ little to no support. Reason being, you need to feel your connection to the pavement so that you may pull your foot up immediately upon contact. Additionally in the POSE method you strike on the balls of your feet so the extra cushioning at the midsole is unnecessary. I would definitely recommend these shoes for this method. However, these are not recommend for anyone wanting a traditional running shoe.I gave 4 stars because the shoes are extremely light and cute. I did not give the 5th star because the shoes run (no pun intended) a half size small. I am a guaranteed 9.5 but my toes ended up touching the front of the shoes. There is no way I can run in these when I take into account inevitable swelling from running. I definitely recommend buying a half size larger.These shoes are narrow which work perfectly with my ski-shaped feet. But for the average shopper I would expect they would consider them too narrow.UPDATE: 24 Jan 12I wore my regular running shoes to Zumba for a few classes and found that I had difficulty with the twists and quick turns. I decided to wear these and they were perfect. These were light enough for the quick moves and transitions and smooth enough to prevent sudden stops on the dance floor.
B001VKXHP8 love arrived in a timely manner i wish the shoes were a little better for hiking as well, but the a great for running
B001VKXX20 Puma Voltaic II These shoes are simply fantastic. Light, comfortable and supportive I use them for everything from working out to running downstairs to get my laundry. Highly suggest them.
B001VKXX20 great shoe! These shoes are awesome! They look really nice and sharp. I've only worn them for a couple of days but so far so good. They are comfortable enough for waking around but I don't know how good they would be for running. Overall, one of the best looking pair of sneakers I've ever owned.
B002C4KCUA Love these shoes.  Perfect for weight lifting. These are great shoes.  I bought them for weight lifting.  They are perfect for lifting, but I need to change into running shoes for running.  They're amazingly light and comfortable, and feel like a glove.  I found myself wearing them around the house like a slipper!  For the first wear or two they're somewhat snug, so I just laced them loosely.  After that PERFECT.  We now own three pair of these in our home.  Looks cool too.
B002ECFUCU Great running shoe that's stylish I was looking for a running shoe with good cushioning that I wouldn't be embarrassed to wear casually as well.  These fit the bill, they look great, are super comfortable and just look 10x better then anything New Balance or Asics have ever produced.
B002ECFUKW Amazingly lite running shoe I normally buy Nike brand sneakers. I was looking for a comfortable walking shoe that was good-looking, light and didn't make my feet feel confined. I found some Nikes that met those criterias, but I didn't want to spend over $100. I decided to purchase these Pumas. They are as advertised... comfortable, super lightweight and stylish. My only complaint is that you can somewhat feel the stitching on the inside of the shoes (if you wear thin sport socks). Other than that, I am very satisfied.
B002EL3KQE Hardly Lights up Puma only lights up when running or stomping. It does not light up with normal walking. But the little girl really likes it.
B002EL3MCQ Perfect kid shoes We bought this pair for our daughter & it is perfect. The colors are awesome & she is very comfortable running around in them.
B002F0053U Amazing Shoes I have had these shoes now for three years, and they are still in amazing condition! I have worn them for workouts, basketball, running, and even casual wear; they still look new! I wouldn't recommend wearing them if you have weak ankles, though. They are very low.
B002F0053U Great workout shoes for machine & weightlifting workouts at the gym. Not sure I would use these for running because they are very stiff. But the stiffness serves them well as 'gym' shoes to wear on the elliptical, stairclimber and doing weight routines. They give a lot of lateral stability so I can even use them for floor work if I choose to do an aerobics class. A good 'gym' shoe but you may want more flexibility in the sole if you wanted to use this as a running shoes for trail or asphalt.
B002KAOJ8M CrossFit I do a lot of CrossFit so I wanted a shoe that could do it all. I needed to be able to do powerlifting and running without changing shoes. So I bought a pair of these. They work great! The minimalist design, without all the extra running-shoe-type padding, a flexible base, and enough rubber to run in makes this great for anyone who CrossFits.It was a toss-up between these and some Nike Free's or the Vibrams Five-Finger type shoes. I didn't want the ultra minimalist design mostly because they seem to fall apart quickly.  These Kosmos are a nice transition shoe for anyone thinking about going minimalist. Yes, you have to run on the balls of your feet (Pose style), but it's better form, and it feels way more natural. They also work great for lifting (barbell work). The sole is thin enough that all energy is directly tranferred into the floor. No more soft squishy running pillows on my feet for lifting.Two quick quibs. One, they have no grip on wet surfaces. I wore them one day when it rained. Bad news bears... Grip on dry ground = amazing (due to the soft rubber near the toes).Second, the sole platform is not very wide. This isn't a big deal, I use them to lift in every other day, so stability isn't a problem. Some people have weak ankles though and you could roll an ankle if you are a novice lifter who trys to squat a ton of weight without thinking.TL;DR - Great for CrossFit, lifters, runners. BONUS: You feel like a ninja wearing them.
B002KAOJ8M They get my knees aligned. I have run 265 miles in these shoes.  I knocked them down one star for lack of forefoot width and another star for lack of traction.  They are durable other than the small traction nubs.  The forefoot does not allow the toes to spread like I like but the majority of running shoes have that problem.  I use them mostly for running in the park on the grass.  The balls of my feet get sore if I run on the concrete trail for more than 3 miles.  I weigh about 200 pounds and most of the soft running shoes compress under the middle of my forefoot after about 50 miles making it seem like I am constantly stepping on a hole.  Have not had that problem with these because they don't have much padding to squash.  I found that most of the high heeled running shoes will cause my knees to get out of alignment.  Running in these shoes gets them back in alignment.  The small profile makes them very good for running on uneven surfaces like horse trails and park lawns. The front toe end is stiff enough to keep me from breaking my toes when I trip over a root or rock.  On steep mountain trails the lack of traction becomes a factor and sometimes I have to leave the trail and go cross country to get past the slick spots that I slide backwards down with these shoes.  If I had not ever worn them on concrete the traction might be OK but concrete wore the nubs off.  I would buy another pair if they were a bit wider in the forefoot and I would keep them off the concrete.
B002KAOJ8M Light, fast, and comfy - very solid running shoe I was a bit hesitant to buy these shoes because of the negative reviews both on this site and elsewhere.  These shoe are reasonably light, feel fast on the feet, and are comfy and decently supportive for the weight and shoe type.  As a word of caution, I just got these in the mail and so have only taken them on one hilly 5 mile run consisting of dirt and pavement.  I am a heavy and slow runner - usually jogging at about 10 min/mile pace -  but after someone ran by me and gave me one of those looks on my jog these shoes performed great for two miles at a reasonable clip of under 7 min/mile pace (I wear a Garmin GPS watch).I am gradually transitioning into more minimalist footwear, and I currently switch between running in very supportive Brooks Trance with superfeet inserts, the inov-8 roclite 250 trail shoes, and Steven Sashen's [...] huaraches.  If price wasn't a consideration I probably would have bought the inov-8 220s, but at $100 they are about twice as much as I paid for the Puma Kosmos.Why these are solid shoes:1) They're lightweight.  At 8 ounces they are the same weight as the inov-8 220s and comparable to racing flats, although they seem considerably more durable.2) They seem to breathe really well.  The mesh upper in the front helps ventilation.3) They're really flexible.  You definitely get the barefoot feel, but enough stability and padding that if you heel strike a bit they are still comfy.4) They're reasonably supportive.  The front half of the shoe has a complete barefoot feel, but the back half has good low profile padding so it is essentially the best of both worlds.In terms of sizing, I typically wear a 9.5 when I wear socks and 8.5-9.0 on shoes where I don't wear socks.  I bought these shoes in a 9.0 and the sizing seems comparable to other shoes - I removed the insole that comes with the shoe and wore them sockless.  The shoes may be a tad on the narrow side, but I don't think its very different from many other running shoes.  I had read online that these shoes weren't good for running sockless, but they felt great without the insoles or socks.  No heat or uncomfort on my heel at all.  That being said the heel does go a little bit high so that I'm temmpted to cut off the top, but I prefer a minimal heel.  All in all a very solid running shoe.
B002KAOLGC Good shoes for a good price They fit well and are comfortable. I just started picking at an Amazon Warehouse and with all the walking (and there is a TON of walking.. lol) my running shoes were not working and my feet were throbbing and had a blister. I wore these shoes last night for work and they worked much, much better (and cost about 1/3 the price).
B002KAOLGC Look better in person I wanted something else besides Skate shoes, and I already loved my puma running shoes. So I opted for these, ( cheap price too )Great fit, smooth leather, and comfortable.
B002LVUXNK nice running shoes the only problem is in the heel of the foot is very soft rubber and can break easily
B002LVUZ6K puma women's complete spectana running shoe If you do a lot of running I would not recommend this shoe.  Have been wearing for 3 weeks and finding they are very uncomfortable.  They cut into the top of my foot around the ankle area and are heavy.  Usually buy aasics, will go back to this brand.
B002LVUZEC Fantastic running shoes These running shoes are fantastic.  Lightweight, great support, and great fit.  I also like the fact that the upper mesh is breathable/permits some airflow to the foot.  Plus they are really good looking.  I am quite pleased with these shoes.
B002LVUZN8 trendy looking shoes Followed advice from other reviews and purchased 1/2 size larger shoe. Fits fine. I have an average width foot and shoe is a little wider than I expected, but since it's a true running shoe I guess that's how it should be. This has a high arch and I almost returned them because it didn't fit my arch, but after wearing them for a few days I don't even notice the arch anymore. I am not using them as true running shoes, just light workout shoes. Couldn't bear to send them back because I love the color and look.
B002LVV1H2 No support whatsoever I know these are the minimalist shoes and they are very light, but they offer zero support. They look good, but not good for running.
B002SSUUN4 Great shoes, very confortable great shoes for walk, running, very confortable and the colours are precious. Perfect to wear with shorts, jeans, or sport pants
B002SSUUN4 Very comfortable and light weight these are very cute and light weight athletic shoes. I wear them with jeans for running around and not wanting to be in heavy running or workout shoes.
B002SSUUN4 Comfy, amaizing I had this running shoes for outdoor and indoor running. It is most siutable and comfortable for that purpos. I am very happy i chose puma shoes
B002WC87O0 PUMA Mens' Kosmos Sneaker The PUMA Kosmos are a good all-purpose athletic shoe.  These are NOT fashion sneakers.  The flat bottom makes them great for weight lifting as well as running.  I bought them to substitute my Vibram's as the "Five's" make one's feet very cold when running in the winter.  The Kosmos worked great, they are able to force a front foot strike during runs and provided good ground reception to the foot nerves.  I ran a 23km trail race in Tokyo with them for my first real test of their performance and am still using them.  If you are serious about fitness and running, stay away from the "pillows" those other companies claim provide "support" and get a pair of these, Highly recommended, especially at their price point.
B002YD8I1O Great Running/Gym Shoe I use these shoes at the gym everyday, they are a great shoe, very light weight.  I especially like the flatter sole they have, it provides great support and balance for squats, running or any physical activity you are doing with them.
B002YD8KIK Bought for my son He needed a good pair of running shoes and these were highly rated and reasonable. They have been good running shoes for him
B0030BFBUK great running shoes I'm training for a 5K in these shoes.  They are the first shoes that I've owned that my feet and body didn't hurt after running in them.  I'm an overpronator and these are perfect!
B0030BFBUK Alright.. I like these shoes but I was looking for something with more support. They are great for running but the laces are too short so I would recommend going with no laces or longer ones.
B0030BFBUK Discontinued? This style of Yougorun's has been discontinued and they are the most comfortable running shoes I have ever worn.  I have wide feet and they do not cramp my toes together and make my feet swell.  I discovered Puma's about two years ago and have worn no other exercise shoe since.
B0030BFF5Q Cute, but not the best for running/gym These shoes are really cute, but not the best for going to the gym or running; nice for wearing around the city to run errands or something.
B0030BFF5Q standard tennis shoe I love the color of these shoes. However, they do not offer much support. They also feel like you are just wearing a standard tennis shoes. I prefer running shoes to be more snug on your foot and more cushioned.
B0036FTB1A Worst Shoes Ever I purchased Puma Men's Voltaic 2 running sneakers, in the colors of limestone/red/white/shadow size 12, ASIN: B0036FTB92 on July 15, 2010 from Amazon.com.  I bought the shoes to wear them to work out in the gym and run on the treadmill. My experience of owning the puma shoes was a terrible one. Within a week of owning the shoes, I started to get a pain on my right foot. I had to skip out on activities that required pressure on my right foot. During this time, I stopped wearing the pumas shoes and within 3 days the pain was gone.  I then slowly began working out again and using the pumas shoes. I then again started to get discomfort on my right foot. I stopped working out again until the pain was gone in my foot. Once my foot felt better again I slowly began working out again but this time I did not use the pumas and instead used my Asics running shoes and I never felt that the pain again. The pain was painful. It felt like I was stepping on needles every morning I woke up and set foot on the floor.Buy other running shoes...they look good but thats it
B0036HXFNS Great Pair of Shorts These are a fantastic pair of running/soccer/athletic shorts. They're light weight, dry quickly, available in a few colors, and last >5 years in my experience (I've had the old versions as well).I'm not sure what the other reviewers were thinking- the picture clearly shows they are a few inches above the knee and that there are no pockets.These are the best running/soccer/gym shorts I've had, 5 stars it is.
B003EE9O4W Good fit My son likes the style and they are not to big so he will not trip while running. The straps make it easy for quick on/off.
B003EEBB16 Great shoes all around. I got these Rio Racers (in red/white/black size 13) for a great price which was I think about $24. They are really good looking and comfortable. They look fantastic with a red t-shirt and I'm wearing them right now. And although I wear them only for fashion purposes, there's no doubt in my mind that they could perform very well as running/walking shoes. Snug all around the foot and easy to slip on and off with the laces still tied.
B003EEBGQQ Great Its rubber insole is very comfortable its easy to clean and easy to look at. Its an excellent running shoe. Perfect fit and light as a feather
B003EEBGQQ A++++++++ My husband love it so much !!!! Really comfy he won't take them off !!! He want them for running but when he got them he just take them to work and pretty much every where ...
B003EEBGQQ Good running shoe This pair of running shoes has changed my opinion about Puma.  I used to be a strictly New Balance runner, now Puma is all I wear.  Comfortable and supportive.
B003FZGOC0 Nice shoes These are really comfy shoes.  I don't think I'd ever use them as running shoes, but they are great just to wear around.  I gave them 4 stars because they make your feet sweat like crazy!
B003GPXR0Q Not great. They were very tight, even for running shoes, and offered no support or cushioning. They didn't even look as good as I'd hoped. I really wanted to love them, but back they went.
B003LY4LGQ okay I have high arches and typically run 5-6 miles everyday. I purchased these as an alternate-day running shoe along with my new found favs, asics gel nimbus. These fail in comparison to the nimbus, however, they are a sound shoe, in what seems to be a real problem in finding a decent neutral plus running shoe. The cushioning is lacking in comparison to the nimbus, and the toe seems to be snugger; I will use these on my "low mileage days." In short, I would have been better served to order another pair of Nimbus.
B003LY4NK0 Great running shoe I originally purchased these shoes because I thought that they looked great (and they do). However, I had them with me one day when I went to the gym so I figured that I would give them a shot on the treadmill--they did not disappoint. I am a pronator, so these shoes gave me just the outside support that I needed. For the price, you really can't beat these. I highly recommend these to anyone that needs a nice pair of running shoes that look great and don't brake the bank.
B003LY4NK0 Black/Dark Shadow/High Risk Red/Dandelion color combination is my Choice & its a beauty! If not because of the color I pick, i would not have bought or notice it. The yellow/red/black on this shoes makes the whole packaged hard to resist. Its strikingly stunning! And its rare to find in this color anywhere else. I got lucky and found it on amazon.com. Its a popular color since its hard to find even at puma site out of stock. I normally wear a 9.5 for other shoes but 10us or 43euro on pumas. I notice that the Motorsport puma shoe styles and Trail Running shoes i bought here runs small and fits me perfect, which is us10/43euro. As for other style pumas, I wear a 9.5US.AS it turns out, this shoe not only looks good but it is also very comfortable. Fits snugly but not tight and overall feel is soft as I walk. I can wear this all day long. Now if you want a REAL DEDICATED trail running shoes then look none other then the:  La Sportiva Raptor.
B003LY4O9K great running shoes!!!!!! great,good looking and confortable running shoes from puma.usually their design freaks me out most of the time,this shoe caught my eye.
B003LY4OSQ Excellent! These are brilliant shoes. Hands down the best running shoes I've ever owned. Light and quick. Sizes run as expected.
B003LY50N4 Great shoes! This shoes fit great and are perfect for running and training in general. The only issue I've had is that they hurt my feet after maybe 2 or 3 hours. Otherwise, a great shoe.
B003LY54SK Amazingly light and comfortable! These shoes are probably the best shoes I have ever had for working out. They weigh hardly anything, and it feels like I have no extra weight to carry when running and doing cardio. Some other shoes I have had in the past, even if they were light, felt like I had to drag them along as I ran, but these are wonderful. Definitely worth it!
B003MAJYTS Hot feet and poor pading I really like the look of this shoe and at first I thought they felt very comfortable, but after a short while my heels started to hurt in these because there is almost no padding in the heel area. I know they are a running shoe and alot of weight is exerted on the toes but come on, can they at least put a little padding in the heel? I also wish there would have been some arch support. There was literally no arch support whatsoever, it's completely flat! Also when running my feet get extremely hot in these shoes since there is no ventilation. Whew! I almost have to take these shoes off in the middle of my run my feet burn up so bad. Bottom line only buy if you have very cold feet that need to warm up and you only run on your toes.
B003R4ZMYK Good running shoe I really like this shoe. Really comfortable to run in. I also use for baseball and sometimes i throw bullpens in them. I really like the rubber toe when I pitch, because it keeps the shoe from tearing like i've had happen to other running shoes in the past. Only thing wrong with the shoes was the liner on the sole inside, it started to come off after a few long runs and is kind of annoying. Other than that its a good shoe and i'll probably buy another pair soon.
B003RKVPQI Nice running tight I purchased these for running. I like them when running longer distances because they promote evaporation and I don't have drenched shorts after my run. They are quite comfortable. There is a small zip pocket in the back for holding keys, ID, and a credit card or cash.
B003ZYW0CO Perfect and as I exp[ected! Easy to use. Good Price and nice to use when running or walking (exercises).Style - Design and Size is perfect for me.
B00417XVC2 Good running shoe The shoe was somewhat tight but was light and really worked well. Mostly used for running on the treadmill really
B00439GBOS Worth up to $50 for this pair! This shoe is very comfortable, even for indoor soccer and a large amount of running which I have put them through! My friends also seem to think they are very attractive shoes and have asked where they can get their own on several occasions.
B00439GBOS Good looking shoes but not the best for running These are great shoes for walking, jogging, or working out. They are very comfortable and the design of the shoes is great! However, if you are looking for a new pair of running shoes I would not recommend them. They don't seem to have enough shock absorbing power while running.
B00439GBOS These shoes last. I've had these shoes for about 6 months and they aren't falling apart.  Finally, a shoe that has quality stitching. Still, the silver areas rub off fairly early, and when you first get them, it's so fluorescent that it's almost embarrassing to walk around in.  After that, it's a great running/walking shoe.
B00439GCEM Perfect! I love the comfort of these shoes! They are great to wear with jeans and running errands. I am definetly going to buy more!
B00439GCEM fit wider than expected disappointed in width again as most have been.Missing the narrower fit Puma used to have. Also seem to be running shorter.
B0049J57OM Great, lightweight shoe. Don't expect ankle support. Best running shoe I've had.No ankle support, but that is to be expected with extra light shoes, although slightly more than one would find with running flats.Wouldn't recommend to a beginner, but someone who runs even twice a week would benefit from this shoe if they are looking to improve their time over a specified distance. Lighter weight enables higher speed, at greater muscle/ligament strain.tip: stand on a half workout ball for 10 mins each workout day you're not running, while in these shoes. Great exercise for the muscles these shoes require.
B0049J57OM CAUTION!! OMG AAAHH These shoes feel A MAZING!! but they are a bit to small and i got a size 13 so then i returned it and am waiting for the 14 hopefully they'll fit a little better but other than that they're great and your foot just rolls as you run SOOOO much better than running with nike shox or some heavy a$$ shoe
B0049J57OM They work well for changing my running form from more heal-strike to forefoot strike. Gives good proprioception for foot. When working on improving running form foot-strike patterns are difficult to perceive with conventional densely padded running shoes. With its lighter style and lessened heal to toe declination I get better feedback on just where the four corners of my foot landing occurs and allows perceptible micro-adjustments.I am also using it as a bridge to a full minimalist running shoe. I think they'd also be good just to walk around in.
B0049J57OM Light wonder... I am a moderate runner. I run about 30 miles in a week on treadmill.I bought these shoes for running on treadmill, and they are perfect.They are so light and comfortable. It is definitely surprising.The sole seems as thin but very supportive, no weight feel on heels.Inner ventilation is surprisingly well. They let the foot breath well.However, be careful about selecting the correct size when you want to buy these shoes.I wear size 9 1/2 D(M), but on these shoes, size 11 D(M) fit well.These shoes are just superb.
B0049J57OM Super Light These shoes are super light and comfortable. They hold up well when running on a treadmill in the gym. However if you are doing a lot of road running I would recommend shoes with a lot more cushioning than these shoes have. I like thinner soles in running shoes as they work better for me......but I think this is more of a gym or treadmill running shoe more than a road running shoe which is really what I needed. So its a great shoe for running in the gym....it does the job well....but look elsewhere if you are running on roads. Pay attention to shoe length when purchasing Puma as they run small. You will have to order at least a size up for a proper fit
B0049J57OM Glad I got these I was on the fence between these and a pair of NB, but I am definitely glad I went with these. They fit great, and are some of the lightest running shoes I have ever had the pleasure to run in. For those trying to decide on a great running shoe, this is the pair. ]-Beware that these are running flats and will not offer support like a traditional running show will. These are MINIMALIST shoes, and should not be used by beginner runners, trail runners, or anyone not running on hard pavement.
B0049J57OM Surprised I run about 20 miles a week, so I'm a moderate runner.  I've always worn the typical Nike-type running shoes until I read a review of these shoes on runnersworld.  I'm hooked.  They have great support and weigh very little.  Feels like I've lost a pound on each foot.I was looking into the fad of barefoot shoes.  This may be a great middle-ground.
B0049J57OM Absolute best running shoes I've ever used. These are the absolute best road running shoes I've ever used. They are very very light, give you a great feel for the road, but you dont feel like you're barefoot. I love the old school look, but feel like I'm running in a hi-tech shoe. They are also very stylish. I get tons of looks and compliments both when walking and running. The green definitely stands out while I run. Lovely ladies run by and smile.
B004DKPPR6 great shoe for the price I purchased this for my daughter to use for track season.  Her first year running in junior high and they work just fine.
B004DKQY0I Shoe feels comfortable and sturdy I was very surprised on how comfortable these shoes feel.  The shoe runs true to size.  I recommend purchasing these running sneakers by Puma.  Everything is nice on these shoes, especially the colors.
B004DKQY0I great shoes Fit well, wear well, feel good running X-Country courses. A great shoe for all surfaces I have run on in the last 4 weeks.
B004DSTPFG VERY CONFORTABLE They are very comfortable. NO WEIGH, RUNNING SHOES ARE EXCELLENT.The colors are not very noteworthy. THE BOTTOM OF THE SLIDE SHOE DO NOT ALLOW A DAY WHEN WET OR DAMPWorth the money..!!I highly recommend them.
B004FV5KWS Very nice Running Shirt! I love these Puma Running Shirts! They always fits perfect! They absorbe very good the sweat! Can highly recommend to every one!
B004GB0S6U Great running shoes. I would label myself as an unconventional runner. I jump off the pavement onto grass and wooded terrain. These shoes are great for both. The arch support is amazing. The heel is extremely well padded and comfortable. All together some amazing kicks!
B004GB0S6U Very good !! To me these shoes is a good choice. I use it when I was training and also during races, and was very confortable. Its heavier than other shoes, but these are using for trial running.
B004GB0S6U They're OK. Don't Like it's Sole Pretty stylish and comfortable. Seem kind of squishy with less support than I'm used to with Asics.The sole has deep creases on the ball of the foot (guess it's supposed to help shoe flexibility) which decrease surface area contact with the ground when running on hard surfaces. I feel like the shoes don't grip the ground when sprinting. Like I'm slipping. I'm a bit disappointed.UPDATE (3 months use): These are strictly trail shoes. They are NOT made for running on flat, wet surfaces; Like running on ice or snow. Terrible.BUT, when running on grass or rough trail, they do well. They remind me of the old football cleats; made for the field, but try running on asphalt with football cleats. That's what these Puma's are like in wet weather.If buying for field or dirt trail running; go for it. If buying for casual jogging on hard surfaces in all weather; avoid.
B004GB0S6U PUMA Nightfox TR These running shoes are nothing short of amazing. Actually, I think that they look much better in reality then in a website. Great product!
B004GB0U6S Puma They are very comfortable, lightweight, and I really like the style. I use these shoes for running and the long walks between classes at school.
B004GB0WR0 There are lots of better shoes out there I bought these running shoes as an experiment because they were about half the price on Amazon compared to other sites and in stores. The shoe is pretty lightweight and provides decent support, but it is not wearing as well as other shoes I've had in the past. It also looks and feels clunky. I prefer a shoe that is more streamlined. I usually buy ASIC and will go back to that for my next running shoe.
B004GB0X8S she Loved it bought these for a friend and she loved them!!! every time I saw her she had them on, saying they were the most comfortable running shoes she had
B004GB0XZ6 Love them! These are exactly what I was wanting to work out. They look exactly like the picture, comfortable, and great for running. I would recommend. Not waterproof at all tho :D
B004GB10LC Great Sneakers I use these shoes for everything from running around the track to running errands:-)  Very comfy!  I recommend them to anyone.
B004GB1242 not for work I purchased these for looks and wore them work they bleached out while I was cleaning they are extreamly comfortable for walking and running and look great but if you clean and want this style saucony works better
B004GB1242 Blue is the new black. Shoes fit great as I ordered them. They feel great and feel good while running while not giving you too much cushion which bothers me sometimes. I like to feel the road. The only thing that is weird with these is that if your walking on a wet surface like smooth concrete or tile it feels super slippery due to the rubber treads on the bottom.
B004GB1242 Great and comfy Fits to true size. Very comfortable. They do fit snug but I like that.Do not buy these for running. These are nice looking everyday walking shoes and nothing more.
B004GB1242 So comfortable Feels like I am walking on air. Great color. Beautiful texture. Love holes on the bottom of shoe.  Highly recommend for running.
B004GB1242 Brand new to running I purchased the Puma Whirlwinds for a number of reasons. I had never run before and I was very interested in trying the sport and hopefully whipping myself into shape for the last two thirds of my life. I chose this shoe because it had a classic stylish look unlike the other 99% of running shoes. You know, the ones that look like an amusement park was magically condensed and formed into a sneaker. The Puma Whirlwind was also about $80 dollars cheaper than those competitors. I figured that since I may not be into this whole running idea after my first go at it, I better stick to something less than a car payment. And with this shoe, if the running didn't pan out, I knew I could grab a boom-box and a piece of cardboard and become a break-dance champion. Well, here I am a month later still running, and wheezing, my way toward a more healthy me. I believe this shoe has made all the difference. It's lightweight yet feels very stable on my feet. The traction is wonderful on all types of terrain that I have run through... pavement, mud, puddles, and some wooded areas. I would definitely recommend the Puma to anybody starting out with this insane idea of exercise because if it can do the trick for me, it will certainly do it for you. And if it doesn't work out for you, I'll see you on the cardboard!
B004GB1242 Cool looking shoe I love these shoes.  They are very comfortable.  I've seen a few reviews that mention something about the color running.  I haven't experienced that yet.  I saw these in Amsterdam for 85 EUR.  That's about 115 USD.  The price here is a steal!
B004GB1242 Nice shoes at a very reasonable price These will be my knock around and light running shoes.  They seem to be perfect for that.  Haven't had PUMAs in a while!
B004GB1242 Great Shoe! I really like the classic look of these Pumas, they are light and comfortable.  I usually wear an 11 but a 10.5 would have fit me better in this particular shoe.  I have been running on gravel surface with these  (can do, not recommended) but I feel they are more suited to a track, road, treadmill.  You can't go wrong with the "Whirlwind Classic", comfortable, light, airy, and looks good even if you are not planning on running in them.
B004GB1B9I Not quite like the previous Puma Vectana Was looking for a running shoe to replace my last pair of Pumas but these were too small and didn't fit quite the same. Seemed to be good quality otherwise, arrived on time, etc.
B004GB1BEI Great running shoes.. I just love Puma's design a lot. I bought Puma's other sneakers before but just never tried running shoes before. This shoes are so comfortable n the great pink color motivates me to run everyday !! : )
B004GB1CH4 Good buy Just purchased this pair of running shoes. My feet work better when the soles are a bit thinner so Pumas work for me. When I got the shoes at first I thought even for me the soles were a bit thin.....but I ran in them without a problem. I run about 20 miles a week and these shoes have held up well so far....better than I expected. They are also super light......which made it even better for me. Overall....it was a good buy. Just remember to look at the shoe length carefully so that you order the right size as Puma runs small. I am a female that usually wears 6.5 in men's shoes. In Puma.....I have to order a full size up...hence a 7.5....however, when the shoe is properly sized, its perfect. It has surpassed my expectations for road running. This has now become my favorite pair of running shoes.....good balance between being super light but providing adequate cushioning. In the gym on the softer treadmill surface...perfect. Ended up having to give it a five star rating after about 2 months of use
B004GB1CXI Puma shoe, Sleek, Stylish + Sexy This shoe looks exactly like it does in the picture. Same color, same thickness etc. You dont have to worry about it being a different color when it arrives. The shoe is very light, and very comfortable , its also very thin and does not have any padding on the inside like other shoes do. The sole is very thin and very flexible. The sole is only 1/4 thick and not like other shoes that have 1 or 2 inches of thick ugly heavy plastic sole. The suede is very fine and it is NOT grainy and thick like other shoes are.I bought these shoes for running and for the gym. But i found out these are NOT for running and they are actually for motorsports like riding a motorcycle or a race car. If you try running in these you will feel EVERY single little rock you step on and its basacilly like running in your feet. They are ok for for casual dress shoes or to go to the gym withThe negatives about this shoe is it is very narrow. If you plan to buy this shoe then it is MANDATORY that you buy HALF a size bigger. Or alse it will feel tight and feel like you are wearing a womans pointy heels. The other negative is they scuff and get dirty easily. These are not like leather shoes that you can wipe with a wet rag. You have to clean with a brush to get into the seude. Besides that  they are pretty solid shoes. Ive tried to wear these shoes down at the gym and they just wont wear out. The material remains tight and sole refuses to wear down. Ive had many Nikes and the sole always wears down easy and the air they have escapes feeling like a flat tire. Pretty cool shoes
B004GEAPBU good shoes I'll be honest I'm not an avid runner, but after only having these shoes for about a week I ran a 5k in them and love them.  They have very supportive soles and I think they are very comfortable.  They are a little on the heavier side as far as running shoes go.  But they are great.  I also have to say I do like the options as far as design and colors go, but that's the girl in me talking ;-) I would deffinately reccomend these shoes, maybe not for the marathon runner but for average training with the occasional 5-10k these work great!
B004GEAPBU Nightfox This was a great purchase; the shoes fit awesomely and soooo comfortable; very light. Once you put them on it feels like the shoe is hugging your foot. i recommend this shoes to whoever wants to feel comfort while walking or running.
B004GNQIOE solid Shoe is a little bulky for a running shoe. Would be better suited in a cold weather climate. Running in 110 degrees doesn't allow much breathing so feet get a little hot, otherwise very solid running shoes. Looks better that I thought. Nice and soft on feet and holds up well on off road trails and tracks.
B004IZLG74 Good Not the best option, it looks to soft, god for running but to light gor the gym, so I will keep looking for other
B004J4X4CO Great cleats for big feet I have size 17 feet, so finding cleats (especially molded cleats) is difficult. I'm using these for rugby, and they fit better and more comfortably than the Adidas predators or any Canterbury cleats. They have good grip for running and cutting and are far more comfortable running on hard ground than the other shoes. I may stick with the Adidas predators for 15's when scrummaging is involved or on soft fields (I haven't tried either yet), but these Pumas are first on my list of shoes.
B004J4X4OM Great Training Cleat! This is a great training soccer cleat to kick a ball around with for a while. The material is not too crazy amazing, I mean you get what you pay for. Higher quality shoes will have their price, but if you are looking for something to take on the field for training matches, running and the like it will not let you down.
B004J4X5WS The right minimal shoes for myself I would consider myself an intermediate experienced runner. I have ran a couple marathons and one 50k in my year and a half of running as a hobby. I average about 30-35 miles a week currently. I have size 13 feet with large toes, and need a shoe with a wide toe-box. About 9 months ago I started purchasing and testing various "minimal" shoes as I started to move from a heel/mid-foot-strike style of running to a forefoot-strike style of running. The second pair I purchased were a pair of Faas 250's, and I really liked them. I put about 250 miles on my first pair before moving to a pair of Nike Lunarracer shoes that ended up not having a long enough toe-box. I also tried the NB Minimus road, Nike Free 3.0, Nike Free-run+ but I eventually settled on the Faas 250 because I could run the longest in them with the least discomfort. They have an 8mm forefoot-to-heel rise with a very small amount of arch support which is nice when you get into long distances and your feet start to become fatigued and your stride gets sloppy, but it's not enough that it gets in the way of landing fore-foot first. They shoe is very light weight, and I have had no problems with tearing of the light-weight upper material. The only thing I don't like about the shoe is the shoe laces that come with the shoe are heavy and come untied easy, I always change them out with a better set of laces when I get a new pair. The sole does wear out quickly, and I get about 250-300 miles out of mine before I start to notice a bit of joint discomfort, which is when I purchase a new pair.I love these shoes, and until they completely discontinue them I will continue to run in them as they are cheap, very lightweight, and work perfectly for my foot and running style. Everyone is different, these shoes may not work for some but they work great for me.
B004J4X5WS Best Running Sneakers To Date These are easily the best running sneakers I have ever worn. I'm someone that runs at least 4 days/week, anywhere from 3.5-10miles at a time depednding on the time of year. They are very low to the ground, enough support to let you know you're wearing something, but not overly padded. I recently tried the Faas 550 as an upgrade, but did not like the feel compared to these so switched back; too much padding on 550. These are also great for training in the gym.
B004J4X5WS Love 'em! This is my favorite shoe for every-day wear. They're light, breathable, comfortable and they look okay with normal clothes (unlike most running shoes, IMO)
B004J4X5WS Great Show- Review from Puma employee The Faas 250 is a great running shoe. Weighing in at approx. 7 ounces it is light weight, while still having a supportive sole. In the Faas line of running shoes, the 250 has the least amount of support on the sides. Rather the sides are made of a breatheable mesh that doesn't restrict the foot. This is not an appropriate running shoe for long distance runners, half-marathoners and marathoners. If you are a long distance runner, there are other options in the Faas running line including the 550 and the 800 (both of which provide excellent side support for longer distance runners). If you run 5K's, shorter distances or just do a loop around the block in the morning, this is the shoe for you! The newest Faas 250's contain a new Puma technology called BioRide. BioRide works with the natural progression of the heel to the toe allowing the runner/walker to exercise for a longer amount of time with less foot pain. Additionally, the sole of the shoe is made of memory foam, which will form to your foot as the shoe breaks in. Overall, a fantastic shoe!
B004J4X5WS This is my third pair of these shoes As long as Amazon keeps carrying them, I will keep buying them. Used primarily for the gym, they are very light, have a flat sole and surprising amount of cushion that my heels do not get sore even when I do attempt to go running.
B004J4X5WS great! most comfortable running shoes i've ever owned. not too great to run on dirt with because they're porous... but other than that running on pavement is great because so little sweat. actually no sweat. love them.
B004J4X6LI very light weight shoe I ordered these shoes for running and cross training at the gym, and also a little biking to and from.  I had been wearing the reebok runtones & just wanted to try something a little more light weight.  These shoes worked out perfectly for me, they are mesh & see thru and almost weightless.  I can wear them all day after a workout and my feet feel great.  Extremely comfortable.  I love the price, as I'm used to spending 2X the price for workout shoes.
B004J4X6LI Not the best... I ordered these shoes because they looked super cool and have the words "running sneaker" in their name. Upon arrival, these shoes did look super cool in real life. The material on the upper part of the shoe is actually mesh, which is really nice for running - you get a great breeze on your foot. However, the back of the shoe is cut very high and absolutely ripped my heels to shreds. So much so that I bled through my socks, all over the shoes. I haven't used them again because after it took my heels two weeks to heal, I was scared to rip them open again. And I can't return them because they're stained with blood. I bought them for running, and don't know that I'll ever use them a second time.
B004J4XHMQ Great shoes! Received them on time, great quality and great shoes. Very good looking and comfortable. Perfect walking/running shoes. Go for it!
B004J4XNNO Wow, I love them! Got these today as a gift. They are SO COMFORTABLE!!! You can dress them up to look professional, or even go running in them. Best shoes I've owned in a long time.
B004J4XO5Q Almost no support but they look fashionable and last long I've had these shoes for about 2.5 years now. I own the black/pink. The toe has not worn out (which seems to happen for a lot of my worser quality shoes) and they look in generally good condition, BUT there is almost no arch support. Even in the heel area, I feel like I am walking with just thick socks on. Working out at the gym actually makes my feet feel sore when I'm wearing these. However, for light walking and running errands, they are OK. They are also very fashionable looking. As the owner of several Puma shoes, I've found that the quality (and of course, arch support) varies for different styles. I would likely not purchase this same shoe type again.
B004J4XTC4 Do Not Buy These Shoes! That orange spongy looking material in the sole of these shoes is not what you think it is. It is made of thick hard plastic. Running in these shoes is like running in a pair of women's wedges.
B004KP726G Ultralight running shoes Light, supportive, and I am significantly faster on these shoes than my previous set. What's not to love? Also, the blue/red combo is very good to look at.
B004KP726G Great shoe! These shoes look great!  I train parkour and free running so I look for a durable shoe that is light and feels great.these shoes are designed well and would be great for casual wear, running/jogging, or flipping and climbing on low or high obstacles!Love the black/white/green scheme too!
B004KP726G Great! These are some great running shoes. I like to do a circuit with 2 miles of running several times a week. It had really nice cushioning & made my runs comfortable. My feet didn't roll in the shoes. The bright color got a lot of comments. They got called my Captain America shoes. The foam inside lasted a long time almost 2 years of wear on nearly daily runs and long outdoor casual walks. I would definitely purchase these again. This is a high quality running shoe!
B004KP726G Great Value and husband likes My husband has been wearing these for running and seems to really like them.  He is a big guy and does a variety of road and trail running. Price was right.
B004KP726G Great tennis shoes I got my puma faas 500 for running a few weeks ago..are very comfortable ,so lightly and good looking tennis shoes...
B004KP726G Great shoes! I found these shoes to fit true to size. They were also very comfortable. I have used these shoes for running/walking, working out, and casually. The look great and live up to the billing. Look up the reviews on Youtube if you are looking to buy.
B004KP73OC If you buy them for running... So I bought these shoes for my normal gym work out which includes either biking or an eliptical and I thought they were very comfortable. However, I just started training for a 5K and running with these shoes was a little rougher than I anticipated. Although they are light weight, I could feel the impact when I ran. That said, I bought new gel inserts for $20 and now I have no issues. Just something to consider.
B004KP73OC style and comfort These shoes are great. Exactly what i was looking for. Color is bright but good. Very comfortable for running and hiking.
B004KP73OC So-so These shoes are very light, and good for running in that sense. However, the downside to that is they likely will not last very long. I have had them for over 4 months and the tread on the bottom is already worn pretty thin. If you're looking for a running shoe that will last, I don't think this is it. Yet, they are very still comfortable and fun to run in because they are lightweight.
B004KP73OC Great Running Shoe I originally chose this shoe because a running shoe specialty store diagnosed it as the correct shoe for my foot.  When I started wearing them, it was like the difference between night and day in my running comfort.  I can't even wear my old tennis shoes now that I have been spoiled with these.  The colors are vibrant and attractive--a bonus.
B004KP73OC Pretty shoes but not good for people with high arches I bought these for running but they hurt my feet, which have high arches.  I just wear them out now for fun.  Great color, lots of compliments on them.
B004KP73OC Running Shoe Not so great for running.  Not enough support and my toes were burning by the end of a six mile run.  Cute and fine for a casual days but not worth the money if you want a running shoe.
B004KP73OC Comfortable shoes Comfy shoes, nice colors, good for running and walking, just as described. I am happy with this purchase and I recommend it to other people needing good exercise shoes.
B004SYQUEE Fits big -- Still a great sock In my opinion, Puma makes one of the best running socks on the market.  They have great arch support and well placed padding.  For an athletic sock, however, it runs big and it will sometimes bunch up at the toe while running.
B004W2C7BC Very light, not suitable for running These shoes look nice, but I did not find them comfortable for running. They lack support on the sides of your feet, ankles and the soles don't really have a lot of cushion. They are good for wearing with casual clothes and to just to walk around. I'm 6'2, 200 lbs which is pretty average, but these shoes don't provide support like other shoes I've owned. But my other shoes are a little heavier, these shoes feel like socks.
B004Z0G6QS Not a good idea. These running shoes offered no support.  They were made very inexpensively. They do not look like the picture, as the material is flimsy. I returned them.
B004ZIP4U4 The real deal I have read and used reviews on Amazon to inform my own purchases. But I never found a product worthy of my sitting down and writing one.These shoes blow me away! The fit is awesome. The comfort is like the feeling you got from your very first pair of running shoes (way back when for some of us). The support is outstanding!Simply put, these are the best gym / running shoes I have ever bought! Period!
B004ZIP5GW Great comfort, great design.  Awesome shoe. I've been an active short and long-distance runner for several years, and I have many good running shoes.  But, nothing beats this newly acquired shoe of great comfort and shnazzy design and color.  Great comfort running and great look and comfort walking here and there.  The price is right!I will buying another pair immediately.AJK
B004ZIP5GW Amazing! Loved the shoes ! Have been running with them since i got them and no complaints! very comfortable and they provide good support! Would definitely recommend and will probably buy again ( if they're still available).
B004ZIP5GW For walking or running !! Love the shoes and fits well. Very comfortable even for 8 to 10 hours of walking or exercises with no stress to my feet .
B004ZIP5GW Most Comfortable Running Shoes Ever I don't think I've encountered a more comfortable running shoe.  They're light, airy, and I love the tongue design which eliminates the discomfort I get from most laced shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Great Shoe For Everyday Life I have had these shoes for 2 years now and they have been put to the test. From hiking the mountains of Germany, to running on a treadmill at the gym. These shoes have seen it all and have performed exquisitely. I have not had a single problem with these shoes and will keep buying Puma's for the rest of my life.
B004ZIP5GW Puma sneaks Been looking for running shoes for a long time. Had some Nike Shox I loved but have had them for 5+yrs. finally found the Pumas. Specifically looking for running shoes with no tongue or attached tongue like my Shox. Shoe fit great. Comfortable, light, great support. Very happy.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome lightweight running shoes! I got these for my son in black. He loves them, and says they feel light on his feet - excellent for running.
B004ZIP5GW Comfort and Style I dont own many Puma shoes despite them being an awesome brand.  I ordered these on a lightning deal knowing they have an excellent reputation.  As soon as I put them on, I almost didnt want to take them off.  Not only do they look great, but they are one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes I own.  Plus, they are very light.  I would recommend to anyone that was even semi interested.  They can be worn for running or even for a casual day out.  Will definitely be returning to these when I need new ones.
B004ZIP5GW i hate this shoes i receiced this running shoe fight on time .When i try it on,it fits nice and tight but wnen i run ,it felt like you run on concrete on your bare feet,unendurable.that why i gave it a 1 star.It should not be called a running shoes,or even a walking shoes.
B004ZIP5GW nice shoes well the width is tight for my feet, but otherwise the shoes are great.  Use for walking or running.how many more words do we need.
B004ZIP5GW Good buy These sneakers are pretty comfortable, but also a little heavy for running shoes. I'm not using them to run, so they are fine for everyday walking, etc.... Also, a pretty outstanding deal at $43 for the gold box deal.
B004ZIP5GW first running shoe This was my first running shoe purchase. I am a first time runner and i didnt want to invest in an expensive pair if I didnt commit to running long term  I must say that these are very comfortable and seem to hold up to continued abuse. I will stick with puma in the future
B004ZIP5GW I need a tongue I've been using Nike running shoes for about 2 years. I didn't think they were perfect, so I wanted to try other brands and see if I could get a better fit. My feet tend to be on the wide size, but I can wear the &#34;normal&#34; Nike shoes and Nike tends to be a narrow shoe. Based on the reviews, this shoe sounded like a great choice. I bought it on the deal of the day to give it a chance. I ordered the exact same size that I wear in the Nike Vomero line.The first problem I had with this shoe is that it doesn't have a traditional tongue. They give you laces, but the laces are pointless because the shoe itself acts like a slipper. You can't open the opening much at all, so I almost needed to get my shoe horn to get my foot inside these things. And I wear paper thin running socks when I exercise. Anyway, for the first time I realized just how important that tongue is. Without the ability to open the shoe to insert your foot, it is a chore getting these things on.After I finally got it on, the size was about right. It felt about the same as the Nike, and I became optimistic. But, after running about half a mile my right toes started to hurt. I couldn't quite locate the source of the trouble, but these shoes just weren't comfortable.I removed the shoes, and put a pair of Nike back on. Wow. I didn't appreciate the NIke running shoes at all until I had something to compare them to. The rest of my run was comfortable in the Nikes.Anyway, I've only been running for two years and I hoped I could do better than the Nike brand that I happened to start with. But, after trying these, I have a new appreciation for two things: Nike, and TONGUES in shoes. They really do serve a purpose.
B004ZIP5GW They've got sole! I run OVER 40 miles a week, not including walking, and these shoes have lasted me longer than any other running shoe I've owned! The colors are a bit crazy and the weirder they are they cheaper they run on Amazon just FYI. They feel great, they breath well, and like I said they last quite a while! I'll definitely be buying more of these in the future!
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable+Cushy - It slips off. = 3/5 To start. These are my 2nd pair of Pumas I've ever owned. All running shoes.I love Puma, the quality is always there, but performance from the product isn't.I bought these shoes to rotate with my other pair of running shoes. The only problem I have with these shoes, is that they aren't meant for sprinting or 40 yard dashes.When I was trying to perform running exercises, these Pumas would not stay on. They kept slipping off and I had retied the laces before running. I didn't just slip them on like flip flops either.The back heel is the problem with this shoe. Every time I pushed off the ground hard to sprint, these shoes would cause my heel to come out and the shoe would hang off the front of my feet. If I wanted to sprint in these shoes, I would need to duck tape them.These shoes are great, they are meant for distance running and jogging. BUT THEY ARE NOT MEANT FOR FAST SPRINTS OR DASHES.  If anything... This should be categorized as a walking shoe, not a running shoe... because when you run, I think of fast. I don't think about my shoe falling off because I'm running so hard because I'm wearing a shoe that was labeled, "Running shoe". That or this shoe has some mechanical issues Puma should consider about for their next series. The shoe does hang low around the ankles, so might be the reason why I have a problem doing sprints in these.Note: I was running on dry grass, not wet surfaces or hard concrete.
B004ZIP5GW On behalf of my husband - amazing shoes! My husband does recreational running and on his feet at work all day, and only has skating shoes. So I got him these running shoes because everyone says how light and cushion-y they are, yet provide good support. Indeed they are all these things! He says he can tell a big difference when he gets off work - his feet don't scream, like they used to from flat skating shoes. My husband also loves the lightness of them for running. Both the design and the colors are chic without too much fanciness. I got him black for practical purposes and feared that the shoes would look boring, but they look very nice in real life! The white stripes on the sides are reflective, so great for running in the dark. I think these are perfect shoes. Overall, amazing quality product and amazing price!!!
B004ZIP5GW Clunky They look slim in the photo.  When you put them on they look very wide.  They are OK for running.  Not much support.Not super impressed.
B004ZIP5GW great. Great running shoe, but I don't like the close tougue which is a small dislike.  I would order it again.
B004ZIP5GW Lightweight and comfortable These shoes are a great fit for me. They're  lightweight, provides a snug fit and are very comfortable. I haven't used that many running shoes (only a couple of Nikes) but I like these ones the most. I use them for running on the treadmill about 2-4 times a week and I'm happy with them so far.
B004ZIP5GW super comfortable Amazon had these shoes on sale for $42.00 so I thought I would try them. These shoes are my favorite shoes for running. Before these I only wore nike air max for running , but I am now a puma convert. Awesome shoes for a good price. And the color schemes look great
B004ZIP5GW running shoes Puma are my favorite brand of shies for casual and running, I just love their look. These shoes are comfy and are pretty light the only thing I don't like is there is no tongue to the shoe so you have to squeeze your foot in but once their on they fit well. Pumas run small so also I'd order a half size up :)
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable and airy.. I loved these shoes. I use them mainly for both running and the gym(indoor running). They are extremely comfortable an there is no tongue which is very nice. It really just hugs your foot. It also breaths very well so your feet feel wind and things like that as well. I would recommend them for running and basic gym but probably not cross fit. They are very flexible and light for running but i think cross fit might cause a tear..
B004ZIP5GW The best athletic shoes ever I've been wearing the voltaic for over 3 years and will continue. They are perfect for running, training and working out. They very comfortable, true to size and durable. I recommend these shoes to my friends.
B004ZIP5GW Love these. These are my favorite running shoes ever. They are super comfortable, fit like a glove, and are great for running in.
B004ZIP5GW Great Deal I haven't purchase a pair of running shows in years and was happen at how comfortable the shoe is for the price. I also workout at gym and go bike riding as well I found these shoes to be very comfortable well worth the money
B004ZIP5GW Quality shoe but odd fit for my foot I've been a long time Puma fan and long time athlete, so I knew beforehand that although they make quality shoes, they're not known for making good running shoes.  I picked these up on sale on Amazon just to give them a tryWhile the quality/craftsmanship seems fine and they look good, they are about the oddest fitting running shoes I've ever worn.  The upper sole seems to be padded more than the lower so my foot sits at a downward angle and my heel feels like it's slipping out with every step I take, even though length-wise they seem to fit fine.  I wear a size 13 and have an otherwise normal proportions, so I wasn't really sure what the issue was but it seems just to be a poor design in the cushioningI gave up on these because they were just too uncomfortable from the start, so I don't want to say they're poor, but personally I knew the minute I put them on that they would not work as even a moderately serious running shoe
B004ZIP5GW Fantastic Running Shoe These shoes felt great as soon as I tied the laces. No breaking required as they were comfortable on my initial 12 mile run. I had not had Puma shoes prior and I am pleasantly surprised with these. I have traditionally ran on Nike Shox but the price on these converted me!
B004ZIP5GW Nice running shoes! Looks good. My feet are still getting used to them.I think I'll need some arch support insoles with these shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Great running sneakers I chose these sneakers because Amazon was running a promotion and I got them for under $45 with free shipping.  So far I have logged about 15 miles on them and they are great.  They literally fit on your feet like gloves on your hands.  Only issue that I have is that my feet sweat more than other sneakers I have had in the past.  Aside from that, these sneakers are great.
B004ZIP5GW Great running shoes! I love these shoes! They have a great feel and are wonderful on your feet. They have just the right amount of support and a comfortable toe box!
B004ZIP5GW Super comfortable and great looking These shoes are true to size and very comfortable. I purchased them as an option to replace the beat up running shoes I wear as casual shoes and I would purchase them again
B004ZIP5GW Great! Great product fit perfect soft heel helps with outdoor running.  A tad on the heavy side but worth the extra weight for more cushion.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe! They are very comfortable and easy to put on, I usually wear a size 10 and they fit fine, but got a 9 for my dad and those were okay too. Haven't had a chance to really wear them for running since it is winter out but looking forward to it!
B004ZIP5GW Ideal for running everywhere This model charm me by their color and design that has, but much more to use on walks in the field and on the track.
B004ZIPGNO Great for Running As I live and work near gym I went there few times with my old shoes and did not feel that powerful in them as I felt when I bought these Puma Running Shoes from Amazon. Simply love it. Bought it few months back and they still serve their purpose same as they were new.
B004ZIT63U Too hard in the sole My son loved the look but doesn't like the shoe.  He complains that they feel too hard in the sole and he clumps around when running.  He prefers shoes like Nike Air or something similar.
B004ZITHZC Puma Voltaic 3 V Running Shoe I bought these shoes for my grand son who is very hard on his shoes. He tried them on and told me that they were so comfortable that they help him run faster.
B004ZITHZC happy feet This running shoe is actually more than I expected. It fits great, looks even better. My daughter loved it. She has been using it every day, which is not usual for her.
B004ZIVGH4 Almost perfect I have the PUMA Faas 250, a lightweight, breathable running shoe, in black and navy with pink soles, size 9.5.  The foamy cushioned sole gives makes these shoes ultra-comfortable, leaving no soreness in your feet after wearing them for extended periods.  They are pretty much true to size. The only negative feature is the tongue which lacks even a scrap of padding or body (just a flimsy piece of material) and requires reaching under the laces to pull up before tying. This may present no big deal for some people but for me this little bit of inconvenience seems unnecessary. It does make it quite obvious, though, that the tongue is where the manufacturer skimped on this shoe, thus, bringing the cost down a bit.  All in all, paying an extra $10.00 or so for a running shoe that covered all its bases would would have been a better buy for me.
B004ZIVGH4 Great shoe, very light and comfortable An extremely light shoe which is a bit odd at first since I'm accustom to 'heavy' shoes. It's very easy to run with and road running is like running on clouds now with this shoe. I strongly suggest to get this shoe especially for persons who have issues with running on the road like I did.
B004ZIVGH4 Perfect! I bought the white ones from a Ross, and they are the best running shoes I've ever had! They are so comfortable and very light! I've been telling everyone about these shoes!
B004ZIXAAA Best. Shoe. Ever. I am a little puma biased, as it's the only brand I buy, but this is my absolute hands down favorite running shoe. Instantly comfortable and the ankle support is soft and amazing.  Feels like I'm running on a cloud.  Coming off a knee injury, and so far, I am very pleased with the padding and shock absorption. Plus, they are so lightweight, I barely feel them. Love love love.
B004ZIXBAY best running shoes best running shoes out there. I wish they added a higher arch shoe but for now I threw in some inserts and its good
B0050U7C8I Pricey but good for running Got for grade school which requires dark footwear.  These are very light sneakers, like good running shoes.  They do seem to be a little narrow and run a little small.  Ended up returning for a larger size of the same shoe.  Also a little pricey.
B0053A2M3A Cross training shoes They were not what I thought they were going to be. They are very flimsy and do not provide alot of support. They would be good very hot days, but I wouldn't do any running or training in them
B0053A2M3A Feel very flimsy The picture to what I got was a little different.  Meaning my impressions of the picture is very nice to what i opened the box.  I have nike running shoes that are getting old.  The quality over these Puma is night and day.  These puma are very light and feel very cheap.  These shoes are for minimalist running enthusiasts.  I prefer my nikes and may get some cross trainers since I mostly use them with my elliptical machine.  These shoes are not elliptical friendly.  Hardly any cushion i felt it tired my feet out quicker. I returned them the next day.
B0053A2M3A Minimalist before minimalist was cool I went to these after running in New Balance Minimus Trails for a few months. The Pumas are lighter and flatter and feel great on my feet. If you have not tried barefoot running or minimalist shoes, you will probably not be ready for the lack of cushioning or the extra demands on your calf muscles. If you have tried those things, these shoes are a great alternative to the trendy, more expensive minimalist shoes. They are also recommended for Pose Method. I am running in these without socks and I like them that way. I did get a mild blister on my right pinky toe in the first run. But I think this won't be a problem after another couple of runs.
B0053A2M3A Great light-weight athletic shoes I love these shoes, I bought one pair a little over a year ago. I used them for trail running and mainly at the gym. The trail use wore the sole too much so I ended up buying a second pair just recently before they were sold out. These shoes fit amazingly well, light-weight and perfect for indoor gym use. NOT for trail running, but great for non-rugged use such as running, rowing etc. Flexible and non-bulky.
B0053A2M3A Not what i expected I do TurboFire and recently started Insanity, but these shoes are not the cross-training shoe I expected. The sole is too thin to take any of the high impact jumps I do with the workouts. They are cute for jeans or running errands, but not for my kind of workouts. If you like super thin, SUPER narrow shoes then these are for you.
B0053A2M3A stylish, light, and comfy Seemed flimsy at first, but held up well.  great for running.  Feel light as air.  These compare to the Nike Frees.
B0053A2M3A My favorite running shoes Title says it all. These are very light, very minimalist and last forever. I have run several half marathons in them. They do not offer much weather protection so I would recommend other shoes in inclement or cold weather.
B0053A2M3A Good minimalist shoe Good minimalist running shoe. But don't good out the door immediately for a run until you have slowly adapted to this shoe, especially if you have been running in highly technical shoes most of your running career. Need to slowly strengthen you feet. That said, do like these shoes alot.
B0053YAEPO Very happy PUMA Men's Complete Vectana 2 Running ShoeComing off of plantar fasciitis and training for Tough Mudder, this shoe has performed very well.  I am 5'-11 194lbs and have been running in these shoes for one month both tread mill and road.  Very supple cushioning, snug fit, and very breathable.  It received moderate reviews on Runner's World, but I took a chance on them.  Very happy with them.  Grreat stability and subtle control.  Older shoe was a neutral Adidas Supernova Cushion, also very nice.
B0053YAEPO Should have purchased more! These are my favorite running shoes ever!! They are so good, I had to purchase the female version for my wife so she can enjoy them. She loves them too. Amazing shoe!
B0053YAH4M Beautiful, but no support These are great if you're looking for a beautiful shoe but don't need any cushioning and support. Since I needed them for running and I overpronate, these wouldn't work. I tried wearing them around the house for a day and my alignment was already off enough to hurt. Returned them that day.
B0053YAH4M Best shoes for working out. I already have this particular running shoes but I'm buying another pair as it's hard to find running shoes that are so comfortable and so good that it actually inspires you to go work out.
B0053YANCS Great Puma Running Shoe Never thought I would see a Puma Running shoe considering there known for soccer apparel. Product was shiped fast and 100% acurate. The shoe itself is very light with a very breathable mesh like material. Most of the white trim on the sides and back have a reflector like quality too them which never hurts when your out for a night run. I have a wide foot and the material also has a stretchy like quality to make a good fit. Not much, if any working in time. Just lace up and go, straight from the box.
B0053YAX28 Puma Women's Bolt is perfect These running shoes are the lightest I've ever worn.  They are super comfortable and have good support. Put a spring in your step.  Delivery was timely too,
B005438OCY Awesome Shoes!! Awesome for running, working out, or just adding a pop of color to a sweatpants/yoga pants day. The only thing is you really need to untie them every-time you take them off because you can't just slip your feet in them when you're running out the door. They are also very comfy, but thin, so don't wear them if it's raining or cold!!
B0054D2G7I Crazy lightweight, not enough padding These shoes are decent, but I wish I hadn't paid so much for them. Got them to replace Puma's that were too tight, but are now discontinued. These got great reviews, and they're definitely the lightest running shoe I've ever used (I'm only a novice runner, btw) but they're just not as padded as I'd like them to be - I can use these for a brisk walk and a short job but I'd never be able to really run in them.Be warned that the insoles are very thin - my feet are normal width and I can just feel the edges - so if you have wider feet it would be very uncomfortable to wear.
B005543Z5S Best running shoe, best price, hands down! I'm very picky when it comes to running shoes. I look for light sneakers like Nike Free's but they do not have the cushion that you need in distant running. I also like the New Balance 690 because they do have cushion and are still very light. When I purchased the black/white Puma 400's it was merely for looks and daily use. The day I received them and put them on I was complete blown away by how light, cushioned, and comfortable these shoes are! I immediately purchased a yellow/green pair for running. It has received a lot of attention at the gym and on the track. I'm hooked for life!
B005543Z5S Awesome Shoe! Awesome Shoe! I last had the Faas 500's and these are very similar. GREAT support, comfort, for everyday use or running. I am using these just for running and workouts they have excellent support and traction.
B005543Z5S Running Shoes I generally like the shoes but the sole wear is surprising.  Mr. (Lightning) Bolt couldn't run that far in these - the soles don't hold up all that well.  I guess if you only run 100m at a time, they might last a few weeks more than my did.  They look good but perform only so-so.
B005543Z5S Running shoes These shoes are really comfortable,and worth their price. They are  easy to wash  , even in washing machine and dry fast .
B005543ZHQ Great Fit for Running Excellent fit for me, nice, comfortable, light, stable, great to start Cross-Training, highly recommended for short walks & home usage
B005543ZHQ Good Fit. Comfortable Shoe. I was a runner for about 25 years from 1980 to 2005. I learned a lot of things but one was the importance of proper shoes. I found running shoes to be just amazing. When properly fitted, I found you could take them right out of the box and run a 10K (6.2 miles) without any problem. Try  that with regular shoes. I was always used to breaking my feet in to a new pair of shoes and I often referred to them as suffer shoes. But almost all running shoes were comfortable and ready to go right from the start. As such, I began wearing running shoes  wherever possible, and in California that's almost everywhere.When I was a runner, I tried all the major brands from one time or another and I had favorite brands and models, to be sure. Well, I no longer run and am not nearly so particular any more, but I still use running shoes because of the comfort and almost any of the major brands work well given a proper  fit.  As such, I usually buy my shoes at a deep discount place. The latest is a pair of Puma Men's Osuran Cross-training Shoe which I found at Costco. They called it a running shoe, and I have no problem with that. I take a standard U.S size 11 and almost any running shoe of that size will  fit, except  for extremely wide types. Well, these Pumas fit fine. I put them on and went for a 3-mile hike. No problem. My pair looks like a quality shoe and I hope that's the case as I generally use them for at least three years. I appreciate the black color and wish the white side stripe was less apparent.Gary Peterson
B005543ZHQ My workouts are so much better with these shoes I looked everywhere to find another pair of these shoes; I finally found them on Amazon.  I use them to work out - weight training, CrossFit and running.  They're great for all three of these!  I've even played volleyball in them and they had great support.
B005544T94 Gym / running only These are not used as every day shoes, mainly for working out and running (inside and outside tracks).  Boy says feel pretty good, no trouble with shin splints.
B005544T94 PUMA Voltaic Training Shoe-Blue I purchased these for my son who needed shoes for cross training and running. He says they are the "most comfortable shoes he's ever owned". We are very pleased. True to size and durable, not to mention very good looking.
B00554574K Perfect! Comfortable, Affordabl! Very nice for running or just casual kicks, either way you wear them they are comfortable, look good and will carry you through your 30 minute run or walking about the mall.
B005547MJS Love them I bought these shoes for running and they have done great for that. I love that I can just slide them on and go and that they are super super light. Overall a great runner shoe and very good looking as well. I would have given it 5 stars but they were a little on the narrow side..however not the sellers fault thats just what it is.
B005547MJS Better than expected. Great love the design. Really light, can't feel a thing, flexible great for weight lifting and light running. Pumas have always been my brand of choice for weight training and after buying these I now know why awesome shoes. Thank you very much.
B0055BZJGY Great Minimalist Shoes I am a runner that usually logs around 20-30 miles a week, although that number has been steadily increasing. Most of my running is on pavement, sometimes treadmill, but nothing like trails. I had been used to doing about 20 miles a week in Vibram 5 Fingers for a long time, which was great, but fatigued my arches and other stabilizing muscles. I have orthodics I am supposed to wear that I often don't, but I would put them in these shoes (or sometimes wear them without the orthodics) and wear these just around after runs to recover. They felt great, very cushioned, roll very nicely on the flexible sole.Then I was advised that if I wanted to run farther on pavement, I should wear shoes with real soles, not Vibrams, because I could stress fracture my feet and hurt my knees. These shoes became my transition into "normal" running shoes (I wound up spending most of my time running in Puma Nightfoxes). They're super lightweight, which is important when you're used to shoes that aren't really there, and feel more minimalist than most running shoes, which felt like concrete blocks on my feet. The cushioning felt fantastic on my knees, too - I hadn't realized how much pain I had been used to having after a run.If you're a barefoot runner looking for a recovery shoe, something for cross-training, or transitioning back into real shoes, I highly recommend these.
B0056YCZ5S THESE ARE TRACK SPIKES These are track spikes. I do not think they should be in the running shoes listing. If I didn't have a pair of spikes these would be lovely but not for running distances.
B0056YH1PW Wife likes them; doesn't love them The fit isn't perfect on these...but if you know Puma running shoes, you know that their performance fit has never been quite right. Good shoe, not a great one, but if the price is low, purchase them.
B0056YH1PW To heavy to run with They should not be advertised as running shoes. They are very heavy and have no cushioning at all.  The attractive design and bright colors are deceiving. These shoes are too painful to run with. It was a waste of money.
B0056YJJNO Best Running Shoes! This is my third pair.  I like the support and the style.  The mesh at the toe doesn't change the shape of the shoe like some mesh toed shoes do.  Run true to size.  Receive lots of compliments.
B0056YJJNO Aweseome, but runs 1/4- 1/2 size bigger then reg fit?! I got these as part of a birthday present, and opened the box and LOVED then right away! I was worried the pic online was going to be better than in person, but was not at all disappointed. They are sporty, sassy, feminine, and seem very comfortable with one exception: Slightly too big! I have had similar Puma running shoes, and they wer 6.5S, which fit PERFECTLY w/ the slight big toe wiggle room included. These Puma Velosis 3S are also 6.5S, but oddly about a 1/4-1/2 size too big/bigger than needed for comfort! Hmmm. I wonder if it is a manufacturing mistake on the label. Anyway, love these shoes!!Puma Women's Complete Velosis 3 Running Shoe
B0057DPSQG Light weight, comfortable... But... I would highly recommend getting the size below what you would expect, and if you have a waist of 30in or less I would pass on these, for they are too big, and feel too loose. I also feel that they are a bit pricy, but the fact that they are lightweight and not super constricting make running hiking  etc in them nice.
B0058PE3FA great shirt for running Im a marathon runner and am picky about running gear, but this shirt is great for running in all weather, 10 degrees or 100 degrees.  Size medium fits perfect for me (6'1&#34; 180lb).  Even after 20 miles, the shirt feels dry. nothing on it rubs against me either.
B0058XEE88 Great running shoes They are even more comfortable than I thought they would be.  They will work great for the Senior Olympics events in August, 2014!
B0058XEEHE Cool Colors but Many Flaws Great for off pavement running. The plastic spikes on the bottom of the sole will wear down after time(two runs). Also be careful not to cross-thread the metal spikes while putting them in. Pretty cheaply made...very thin material. I expected better quality out of puma. The bottom has a thin foam sole and no arch support what so ever. If your just into the color I reccomend but if you want a serious running shoe stick the Nikes.
B0058XF60I Great shoes While I am running I feel like I am running on pillows. My legs don't hurt after I am done running.
B0058XF60I Great shoe for winter and wet grass. I live in the Northeast where snow and black ice is common early in the morning, I was looking for a winter running shoe with grip for ice and at the same time insulated for running on snow and stay dry. My friend recommended these pair of Puma orange complete, for running very early in the morning with 30* cold weather, the stability of the shoe on ice is good. Great too for wet grass, the grip is excellent. I still own the Itana from Puma for spring and summer and love them but not for extreme weather like these pair of Complete Trailfox.
B0058XF60I Shoe looks great - not sure if it's a running shoe OK - I've been running for more than 15 years.  Once upon a time I could run 16 min 5K's.  So when I'm running, I like my shoes to have a little flash on them.I love the design of this shoe.  It looks tight - however, I think it's a bit of a stretch to call it a running shoe.  I would probably say its more of a skateboard shoe vs. an actual 2-10 mile shoe.  It has a flat bottom that your typically see with Vans or DC.  I'm not hating on them, I actually love them - but I'm not going out and running a 5K in them.  Purchase them to rock with your Jeans - and not at the gym.
B0058XF6Q2 Small Feet and Thin Socks... Great Looking shoes but, No recommended for Long walks or running.Pros- Looks Great- Good Quality Shoes, Not Cheaply madeCons- Very Thin Shoe- Must but a Size bigger.(I normally wear a 10.5 but my feet fits really tight. 1 size bigger would be fine)- Little to no soleNot the best running shoe. After 2 uses, My feet were killing me.
B0058XFC7U Puma Faas 800 I run marathons and always have issues with something aching because I pronate - either my ankles, knees, or hips.  Since switching to Puma 800s I haven't had any of those issues.  They have corrected my stride greatly, and running feels so much better!  They are very light weight and breathable.  Another reviewer said the balls of their feet were sore after running in them, and mine were too at first.  But that isn't a fault of the shoe... it is going from no arch support to a crazy amount of arch support.  My feet weren't used to having something push up on my arches, and they got a little achey and blistered.  It didn't take long to adjust, and now I am running pain free.The shoe is a little funky looking.  Mostly just because it is so wide.  But running isn't about fashion, and I will take some funky shoes if they make my knees and hips feel better!
B0058XFC7U I love these running shoes I love these shoes. They're so light but supportive. I've tried some other brands but these are the best for me.
B0058XFJTQ live the shoes Perfect for hiking and running- comfortable and sit great- don't break easily like most shoes I've bought! I Love them!!
B0058XFJTQ great shoe Light weight, looks good, they seem to be wide, but feel great walking. Running on treadmill not as good as plain running shoes
B0058XFP4A Super comfy Great shoes for running. Super comfortable. Very attractive. I love the lowness. Look great with low cut black socks. Awesome shoes just to wear casually as well.
B0058XFP86 Nice Comfortable  , stylish running shoe ,Velcro fastener makes it easy off /on and a durable feel , you may need a size up , they're a little snug , overall I would recommend , very cool kicks !
B0058XFP86 They are running shoes, so expect them to be a bit tight. They are tight.  But they are running shoes so I expect them to hug a bit more. They look really good and seem to be holding colors well.
B0058XFP86 Comfortable fit. I totally love this running shoe by Puma.  I give it a 5.0 for comfort (walking) and style.  I don't use it for running so I cannot comment on how sturdy and comfortable it is for that aspect.
B0058XFP86 Fantastic It's all about running shoes that's i was looking for, soft and confortable it's something i will recommend to my friends.Great deal
B0058XFP86 Awesome! I'm in the military so I'm running constantly and these shoes are great! They're durable, flexible and fairly light. I've got no complaints. I'm sticking with puma thanks to these shoes.
B0058XFP86 Awesome Running Shoe This is thus far the best pair of running shoes that i bought. They are very light and dynamic and fits very well.. Love these... will definitely get another pair again...
B0058XFP86 Work Kicks Been buying Puma slip on running shoes for years but have been change styles getting narrower so changed it up these are so comfortable easier to clean then I thought using in a kitchen good grip very happy with them !
B0058XFP86 It looks good but not the best running shoe I bought these shoes to run and wear them almost everyday. I like these shoe to wear everyday and have got a couple of complements about the shoes (I have had them for a month) but the shoes does make more noise when I walk compared to my old shoes (it not very much but it is noticeable). They are also lightweight. When it comes to running these shoes are just ok if I bought them just for running I would give them a 3 out of 5 due to no actual laces and just velco which make them a little loose when running (they haven't fell off). I plan on buying new pair of shoes for running but these should work in the meantime.
B0058XFP86 Perfect for in gym use them for the gym and running and are perfect, do a very good job ... I recommend ...el envio fue bueno
B0058XFP86 The best shoe in market These are he best available shoes for running / daily activity / extremely comfortable.You can't go wrong with these..
B0058XFP86 not comfortable I can't imagine someone is actually using them as running shoes. They r looking nice, but that's it. Attention: very tight shoes!
B0058XFP86 look cool! This is my first running shoe ever, but i dont use it for running, i use it for gym workout! No laces to tie and true to size fit. I like it.
B0058XFP86 Great fit !!! Great price! Better quality, and comfort then other running shoes I've purchase prior to these! I recommend this to anyone look a good running shoe for a decent price!
B0058XFP86 Puma Men's Osu Nm Running Shoe This shoe is really good! Better than what I thought really.  It fits right on my foot and however it's shaped, it snuggles right on my foot like how I like it.  It's really comfortable and really light for me. Although I've had lighter shoes, this one is superb if not perfect.  I'm already thinking about getting another one just in case they stop selling these any time soon.  Hopefully they don't because these ROCK!
B0058XFP86 awesome! I'm a big running fan and my old shows were wearing down so I decided to look for new shoes on amazon when I came across these bad boys, wow let me tell ya these shoes are pretty awesome. when i first tried them on they fit me snugly like they were giving me a friendly hug. makes running and sprinting long distances a breeze. I would definitely recommend these shoes to anyone out there.
B0058XFP86 Nice shoes! It is super awesome! That's it! Trust me! I will buy it again when I need a new pair of running shoes!
B0058XFYEG Jury is still out. I'm still haven't decided if I like them or not.PRO:Not flashy like 99% of other running shoesWell VentilatedPrevents over-pronation through non-conventional methodsCON:Prevents over-pronation through non-conventional methodsRubs a raw spot behind the ball of my foot.The support features of this shoe work differently than the typical method of building up the insole. You can read all the marketing hype on the web-site, but you won't know if it works for you until you try it.  It works for me and I have a lot less pain and stress than in my neutral running shoes.  I'm still adjusting to a support shoe so that may explain the blister.
B0058XGI5A Use for Running or Training Shoe looks good but is too flimsy and lacks foot cushioning and support for running or training. Not a good value.
B0058XGLKC Love them! Received in timely manner and Customer Support was fast to reply to inquires.These shoes blow me away! The fit is awesome. The comfort and support are outstanding!Simply put, these are the best gym / running shoes I have ever bought! Period!
B0058XGLKC Great Comfort Awesome shoe very comfortable lightweight.Nice style used for mostly running get yourself a pairyou wont be disappointed. Great
B0058XGLKC Surpassed my expectation by leaps and bounds! These are my first Puma trainers and I am very impress. I am recovering from a sever bout of plantar fasciitis and the support these provide are wonderful. Excellent cushion with a feather weight construction! Normally I run four miles a day on a treadmill averaging a 7 1/2 minute mile pace. The pounding can be significant. These running shoes make the session effortless! To mitigate the daily wear I inflict on a single pair of running shoes I rotate between three different pairs. The New Balance 890 and Adidas EQT Zeros are in the same class with slightly different characteristics. The Pumagility and the New Balance 890 are the closest in terms of heal support and stability, although the EQT Zero are also very similar. The cushion or "pound deading" capability winner goes to the Adidas EQT Zero. The sole is also the highest compare to the 890 and the Pumagility. I have done some weight training with the 890; but not the EQT or Pumagility. Typically the taller sole shoes present lunges and squatting challenges. My trainer perception of my form in the higher sole shoes is less than positive. In any case, the Pumagility are a great running shoe. I will review the training aspects or characteristics later.
B0058XGLKC A Featherweight Champion These Pumagility shoes are an extremely light and very comfortable running shoe. The affordable pricing was definitely a deciding factor in my decision to purchase these.
B0058XGLKC Very stylish, comfortable, breathes well, stable, but not really for outdoor running Puma Men's Pumagility Cross-Trainers, Size US 12, Black/RedPuma has had a long rivalry with Adidas, and it turns out both companies were started by brothers in Germany. I had been a long-time fan of Adidas footwear because I have yet to find an Adidas running shoe that was uncomfortable out of the box. The tread lasts a long time and does not delaminate like Nike, and is not ultra-stiff like Reebox or New Balance. I've started to wear Puma apparel due to them being the official uniform designers for Formula 1 and MotoGP. Their apparel is high-tech and well made, and these Pumagility trainers seem to fit that description as well.The first thing I noticed is the eye-catching packaging. Puma likes to list all of the sustainable practices they employ for the manufacture of their products. In the case of the Pumagility shoes, there is no shoebox. Instead, there is a red cotton/fabric carrier bag with some cardboard inserts to make it look like a shoebox. Once you remove the shoes and recycle the cardboard inserts, you end up with a reusable carrier bag for your shoes or gym clothes. Very neat!The second thing I noticed is the eye-catching styling of the shoes. The high contrasting colors of black (the shoe's upper) and the red soles got me many compliments from co-workers. There is some 3D shape/texture on the lower shank portion that is also very high-tech and reminiscent of the fuselage surfaces of stealth fighters. The Puma single-stripe is also present on the shoes in the form of a sealant design.The exterior of the shoes stains easily, and by that I mean it easily shows salt stains from the road salt they spray on sidewalks and streets during the winter. The black mesh material does breathe very well, so my feet stayed cool and dry even in a warm office setting, or while jogging outdoors. I would not recommend wearing bright socks with these shoes if you want to use them in a casual setting. The white socks contrasts too much with the black mesh, and looks weird when wearing dark pants such as jeans. I recommend black or dark socks from an aesthetic approach. In a gym environment, white socks are fine with shorts or athletic apparel.The tread is somewhat stiff and the pattern is very shallow. I have my doubts as to its efficacy on outdoor running surfaces. It certainly does not fare as well as an all-terrain running shoe, but its shallow treads and small tread contact patches appear to be suited for indoor activities. Even a road running shoe has more tread on the outsole and shoulders, with deeper grooves for channeling water and grit.The wide sole design provides a lot of stability, mostly suited for lifting or other activities in an indoor gym. While running outdoors, I felt the sole starting to break in more, although it was already fairly soft to begin with. The inserts aren't very thick but provide some adequate arch support. The styling is very ninja, but in conclusion I have to say that these Pumagility shoes are intended for indoor training activities and not that great for outdoor running. The shallow tread is not going to last well on road surfaces and is not as grippy as a road or all-terrain running shoe.Overall: 4/5 stars, slick styling, comfortable for casual or indoor workouts, but doesn't appear as durable or versatile as a road/all-terrain running shoe.
B0058XGLKC Good RUNNING shoes. Not CROSS TRAINERS (although, I've found that they work well enough). I bought these because I had wore out my previous cross trainers pretty good.  I do all kinds of stuff; running, plyometrics, lifting, etc.  What I needed were cross trainers, but I want to make it clear that these are NOT cross trainers the way that they are advertised.  They are running shoes, albeit pretty descent ones.  They fit very nice, they are pretty comfortable, my feet don't get overly hot in them, and they offer good support.  Overall, I'd say it's a pretty good shoe.  I don't necessarily regret buying them or anything (I plan to hold onto them) and they're good enough for all the things I need to do.  But I dinged them on the rating because they aren't what they are advertised to be and that kind of thing really pisses me off.
B0058XGLKC ok cross training, good running, fairly nice looking i mostly weightlift, but i wouldn't say that's their strong suit. they seem a tad narrow to me, and thin. they seem like they wouldn't last as long as cheap shoes around the same price (I think I got these at $50), but they still kick it. I'd get them again but not at a higher price.
B0058XGLKC Not for weight lifting or cross training Purchased these shoes over the summer.  Advertised as cross trainers, but they are definitely running shoes only!  They are also sized about a half inch small and tend to fit the toes a bit too narrow for my feet.  I would not buy these shoes again.
B0058XGLKC Happy Feet! Super light weight shoe for running and weight training! Very stylish and true size fit. Great arch support. Reasonably priced.
B0058XGLKC Lite as a Feather and Pure awesome As a Person who has been suffering from Plantar Fasciitis, I originally thought these Puma's were going to be too thin as is my experience with Puma's in general, but that wasnt the case, they actually turned out to have just the right amount of arch to avoid those debilitating cramps associated with the condition that used to keep me from running completely! They have an amazing amount of traction for the treadmill or my usual trail through the concrete jungle. I just love these they have that great heal support and the cool style i have always wanted w puma's but couldn't get till I tried their running shoes, give it a try there is nothing to dislike about it!
B0058XGUJ4 Very comfortable! I knew my size ahead of time for Puma. These are a treat to wear after wearing my nice office shoes. They are so comfortable for walking(power/casual.) I've jogged a couple of times with them as well; although, I'd recommend purpose running shoes for fast or long distance running. I'd buy again and recommend.
B0058XGZ8A Light and Fast The shoes are comfortable, light, and my running time has improved in races. I would recommend these shoes to other runners who seek to improve their running times.
B0058XGZ8A Feels so comfortable I forget they are running shoes. I purchased these track shoes to compliment my running shoes.  Both are Puma shoes, and both are comfortable.  I like the colors on these track shoes, it really looks nicer in person.  The shoe run true to size.  I highly recommend this sturdy shoes, you can't beat the price either.  If they have your size, do yourself a favor and buy a pair.
B0058XGZ94 My go-to running shoes Currently running 15-20 miles weekly.Just ordered my 5 or 6th pair of these Puma FaaS 500 series. I have had the 500s and also the 550s and I really like them. They are very light, some of the lightest I've found actually, so my feet feel like they're flying. I generally own 2 pair at a time and alternate to let them completely dry between runs. Usually buy whichever color is discounted at the time.
B0058XH4L2 great casual slip on shoe Love this shoe! This is my thrid pair. Good support. Great for sidewalk walking, running to the grocery, around the house. Not clunky like my running sneakers. Just right to slip into a suitcase for travel and exploring a cobblestone city.
B0058XH4L2 Cute, comfy casual shoes! These are great casual shoes for running errands on the weekends. I don't like to wear traditional running/tennis shoes anywhere except the gym, so these are a great alternative! Very comfy!
B0058XH4SA Excellent heel to toe transition My last pair of shoes (before my stint running in Five Fingers) were some Pearl Izumi running shoes that I loved. They were decently lightweight, had some good cushioning, and had a great heel to toe transition that propelled me forward. I liked these shoes so much, it made buying a new pair of running shoes difficult when I realized the Pearl Izumi model was discontinued.I tried on a few different types of shoes, all of them disappointing me. Then I tried the Puma Faas 550. They had a great fit (I wear 12s and 13s, and the 13 in this model fits me great). They are fairly lightweight, coming in at 10 ounces. I also love their heel to toe transition, though they don't have me rolling off my toes quite as easily as my Pearl Izumis.I've put in over a month running about 2-4 times a week, and these shoes have been great. I don't really think about them much, and I feel that is the way a running shoe should be. Most recently I had run in Five Fingers for several months, and I started having some hip problems. After taking several months off but never really having the pain completely subside, I was worried to start running again. However, these shoes combined with the right hip exercises have so far kept the pain at bay.These are branded as a more-cushioned minimalist shoe, but they don't feel minimal to me. They feel like a nice, lightweight pair of running shoes. I would definitely recommend them to others. Hope this was helpful. If you have any questions I can answer, feel free to leave me a comment!
B0058XH4SA The best running Shoe! This is the first review I ever write. it is because I'm so impressed by the faas 550. i'm a triahtlete and run all year long. Compete in ironman and marathons. I've tried tons of running shoes and I have to say this is the only 10 stars shoe for me. Nothing wrong with nike, addidas or others but from the moment I put the puma faas 550 on, they way they just "hug" your feet its fantastic! I'm ordering few more pairs.
B0058XH4SA Most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned. I don't consider myself a professional runner by any means, but I can confidently say these are the best running shoes I've ever owned. Not only are they super comfortable, but they are a great color. There is adequate padding, they fit true to size, and there are no seams inside meaning you could even wear them casually without socks.
B0058XH4SA great shoes! I love these shoes.  I wear them to the gym and they are great.  They are very light weight and breathe well.  They feel great when I'm running on the treadmill or outside as well.  They are also not clunky looking, which is something I think is hard to find when shopping for athletic shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Puma's I love these shoes! The fit is perfect! My feet, legs, and back do not bother me after running distances in these.
B0058XH5D4 Great running shoe I got these last week and have run in them 5 times or so and really like them.  They're very comfortable and didn't give me any trouble re: breaking in, etc.  I got my normal size (8) and it fits well.  The only thing I've noticed that I don't love is that my feet get very hot sometimes while I'm running, but that's a minor issue.
B0058XH5D4 Too perfect. I am somewhat hesitant when it comes to buying shoes online, but buying these shoes was a very good decision. They fit perfect and they are great for running. They are pretty light, and they have enough support for my feet. Overall I love these shoes and I'm happy I bought them. They're cute and awesome for running.
B0058XH5D4 I only buy puma Love them.  I could stay in them all day and be as comfortable as ever! Great for running/working out or just everyday wear.
B0058XH5D4 Great Running Shoe! I was excited to receive my first pair of PUMAs.  First, they are absolutely beautiful shoes! I love the style and color.  The fabric lets your feet breath.  I love that the tongue of the shoe is attached; it makes for a much sleeker look on the feet.  I started using this on the elliptical and treadmill.  This shoe is great for forward movements such as the elliptical and treadmill.  However, I did try to use these while doing Turbo Jam (which involves a lot of punching, kicking and dancing moves)... I found these shoes did not support the side to side movements and jumping as well as my ASICS.  Perhaps if PUMA had a cross trainer they would support my ankles a bit more.  Given that they are called a running shoe... they fit the description perfectly.  Great running shoe!
B0058XH5D4 last years I love puma, and these shoes have lasted me forever. Its been 4 years with lots of working out and running in them.
B0058XH5D4 Putting on my Pumas make me want to RUN, BABY!!! These running shoes are awesome.  They look at tad wide at first, but lucky for me, I have wide feet.
B0058XH5D4 Better description needed! These are great everyday shoes-lightweight and breathable, with excellent cushion. They would make AMAZING running shoes, which is what I bought them for, if I was a heel striker. I've tried to run in them for several weeks, and it's really hurting me...if you're a big heel striker, I'd get them-for me, my heel hits, the ball of my foot smacks the ground, and I wish I hadn't bought them for running ...
B0058XH5D4 Shoes are tight and I bought a size up All the reviews on the Puma Women's Votaic 3 NM2 Running Shoe indicated that the sizes ran small. I usually wear a 9 but I thought I'd try a 9.5 following the advice of the reviewers. The shoes arrived promptly and are quite nice looking.  The tongue of the shoe is not loose but sewn to the shoe on 3 sides with only a slight bit of give on each side. I have a high arch and it is a bit of a struggle to get my feet into the shoes. If I had ordered my normal 9, it would have been impossible.  With the shoestrings loosened as far as they can be loosened  the shoe fits but it would not fit anyone who has a wider foot. The lengths is not more than a hair longer than a normal 9 and in my opinion, the width is almost a Narrow.Once I have achieved wearing the shoe, they are quite comfortable and fit well whether walking or running. The arch support is good and they feel great.  I usually wear light weight footwear and I definitely notice the weight of theses shoes once I put them on, but that's just me, I think. The shoes are probably no heavier than any other running shoe.In summary, they fit VERY small for a 9.5 and the sewn in tongue makes it quite difficult to get the shoes on. I can't imagine what the designer's intent was in making the tongue practically immobile.  I'm not a runner so I can't speak to how well they perform in that area.  All in all, I don't think I'd buy these again because of the design and fit.
B0058XH5D4 Clunky But Cute I purchased these as Amazon's Deal of Day so they were significantly cheaper than normal. They are very appealing to the eye, great color combination. They seem bulkier than my other running shoes though. They fit well and sizing is similar to other brands of running shoes (I ordered up a half size).  Also, the tongue isn't adjustable. The shoe is more of a slip-on. Overall, good purchase but probably wouldn't purchase them again at full price.
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable, attractive running shoe Would give them 5 stars if I felt they were true to size - but these were tight on my toes and the first pair went back. I normally wear a US 9, and size up to a 9.5 for running shoes - the 9.5 was too tight to be comfortable, even though I hated to wait even an extra week for the 10 to arrive. There's plenty of padding in the heel, and I might not even need additional arch support (unheard of for me). I've been having a lot more ankle pain lately, probably also due to running in the cold, and just walking around in these I felt relief. Of course, I have to comment on the appearance: this shoe is adorable and looks great from the top and side. I went with the black color, because I'm always getting my shoes dirty - so glad I made that choice. I'm all around very happy with these Pumas - just be sure to size up if you're uncertain!
B0058XH5D4 Great running shoe! These shoes are so comfortable and are really great for jogging, running, walking, or all three! Great color choices, too!
B0058XH5D4 Puma running shoes not getting use to the tight fitting into the shoe, not sure if this is the Puma style as this is my first Puma running show.
B0058XH5D4 Love these These shoes are very comfortable!  They give my feet the support that they need when walking or running.  I would buy them again in a heartbeat.
B0058XH5D4 Great item!! These Puma running shoes are great for comfort have plenty of support. The only flaw I wasn't used to we're the short shoe laces but for a first timer I was extremely impressed. I even suggested these to my Mom who s used to spending over a hundred dollars on running shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Puma Women's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe,Blue/Steel/Quarry/Silver, 11B These shoes are excellent for running. It's the first time I purchase this Item. They are very comfortable. I have received them in excellent conditions. I will order another Item like this.
B0058XH5D4 not for me I bought these for working out (cardio, kickbox). Maybe I was just using it for the wrong type of exercise but I can't imagine it being comfortable for running or even walking. Every time I use these, my feet hurts especially around the ankle and arch. I won't be using it anymore and giving it away.
B0058XH5D4 Cute shoes I have always only bought Puma for looks rather than function. These do not feel like a sport or running shoe to me. However, they serve their intended purpose (for me) and look great! I love the color even more in person than in the picture!
B0058XH5D4 not great for running I like the style of these but not that great for running, too heavy. I only use them gym workouts not runs.
B0058XH5D4 Great look and feel!!! Sneakers make me feel like I'm running and walking on air.  So comfortable and easy to put on, take off.  Really love the style too.
B0058XH5D4 Shoes Wouldn't use these for running brought them just for the lookI broke my foot last year and those make me feel, like my foot has great support
B0058XH5D4 Love them! They fit perfect, are comfortable and all around a great running shoe! The color scheme is exactly as pictured too.
B0058XH5D4 comfortable running shoe Very comfortable. I started to break them in by wearing them a litttle here and there before I set out on a run. Wasn't necessary. They are very comfortable and offer cushioning in the right spots. I ran on day 2 of geting them. Gave a 4 because even though they came from amazon's warehouse,  shipping wasn't as fast as I expected.
B0058XH5D4 I returned them right away These shoes were nearly impossible to get on my feet without literally hurting myself. The attached tongue made the opening very small, and the fabric is not stretchy enough to allow the foot to go through easily.  Once I did get them on, I felt next to no arch support, and I wasn't even going to use them for running, but rather for a cute shoe to wear when I had to do a lot of walking. They didn't even qualify for that. They're on their way back to Amazon as I type!
B0058XH5D4 Comfort and Style These running shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn.  They give me great support while still being stylish.
B0058XH5D4 Different than what I expected, but so far so good There were several things to note about these shoes:1. The colors are darker in person. The lightest turquoise in real life is the color of the darkest turquoise in the picture. I like the colors, just not what I had expected.2. I ordered these in 7.5 (I usually wear a 6 or 6.5 in shoes, but my last pair of 6.5 Nike running shoes were uncomfortably tight after running)... and these are very very snug. I could've used an 8 or 8.5, easily, which seems crazy to me. They have the full sock interior, so the tongue has no flexibility or stretch. Honestly, even tying them seemed redundant.3. I'm not a heavy-duty runner by any means. I just run a mile or two a couple times a week on the treadmill. About halfway through my first run, my right foot fell asleep... very strange experience, to say the least! I guess once these are broken in more, they'll loosen up and I won't have any problem (hopefully!).4. If I had not bought these on sale as Amazon's Deal of the Day last week, (only $43!), I would be sending them back, but for the price, I think they're worth a wait-and-see.******************UPDATE 9/26/13These shoes have loosed up & are awesome! So comfortable! :) I am very glad I bought these shoes, even if it took a few months to break 'em in properly. They're holding up terrifically, showing virtually no wear (though I do mostly wear them indoors).
B0058XH5D4 Puma Haven't received these yet, but all i buy is Puma running shoes. They are light and comfortable and last forever. Can't go wrong with Puma, and The colors are beautiful.
B0058XH5D4 Awesome This shoes take a bit to mold to your foot shape but they are super comfortable and are great for running. My feet used to get really tired with my old shoes bit these have a lot more cushion and are great! I would definitely recommend to others!! Plus, they come in awesome colors!
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes - not comfortable insert I like the shoe overall, very ergonomically built for running (feels like you're getting a lift each time you put your foot down). The inset is uncomfortable though since it is one piece, like a sock, and they were too wide for my feet and bulky.
B0058XH5D4 Nice Casual Gym Shoe I originally purchased this shoe in an attempt to find reasonably inexpensive new running shoes. I have never used Pumas as running shoes but have owned a few other pairs as casual gym shoes - I would definitely place these in that same category. I purchased these when they were an &#34;Amazon Gold Box&#34; deal, paying $43 for the pair, which was an awesome deal. The shoe is very fashionable and I LOVE the color, but in my opinion they do not offer enough support for running. Would have given these shoes five stars if I had been able to use them for running, but that wasn't the case.Regardless, I can always use another pair of shoes and these were a great pick!Also, Amazon's free return on shoes encouraged me to order two pairs so I could try them both out and return the one that didn't fit. In the end, my friend bought the larger pair from me before I returned them because she liked them so much! Definitely a win, win!
B0058XH5D4 Not A Running Shoe If you like to run in stiff, heavy abrasive shoes, this is the shoe for you!  I don't know what possessed me to break away from Mizuno Wave Creation series, lesson learned ~ returned this pair and the MWCs are in the mail.
B0058XH5D4 Good workout shoe, not so much running I agree with the term fashion sneaker, these are adorable and very nice to look at. For cardio and working out I really do like these shoes, however I am not very fond of them for running. This might be because mine are a little tight and I'm still breaking them in but I just feel like the arches aren't good for the purpose of running. Also I am a consistent 6.5 and these are too snug, maybe order a half size up for more comfort. Overall a cute and useful shoe, just maybe not for running.
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes! I have been wearing these shoes for about 4 months by now and I have no complaints. They fit me snug they are soooo comfortable and the price is right! Awsome product and works very well for my running! Thanks!
B0058XH5D4 Outstanding Running Shoes These shoes are top performers--beautiful and functional. My last running shoes needed replacing a long time ago! I broke down and ordered new running shoes, and the pain in my left knee is GONE after switching out my shoes. These shoes offer structured support (not a very lightweight shoe), and they will take a few runs to break in. After about 3 treadmill sessions with these on, I went ahead and ordered them in another color because I will be rotating them out. Love the Tiffany's blue-ish color!
B0058XH5D4 Puma shoes are too heavy I love the way they look and feel, but they are too heavy to be what I would call real running shoes. They weight 2x my Brooks Glycerins which I thought were too heavy already. If you don't care about that, then they are great shoes (I had to go with 2 stars because weight of a shoe is extremely important when you are running for an hour). I found I liked the feel on my foot, I love a wide toe box and I have heel issues so I was looking for a cushioned heel, which is great on this shoe.
B0058XH5D4 Wifes walking/running shoes they look great on her! She walks the beach daily,chases our 2 year old around everywhere and looks hot in thses kicks doing it!
B0058XH5PM Something Wrong With Sizing I have a pair of PUMA running shoes that are the best ever.  These shoes left a couple of inches from my big toe to the end of the shoe.  They have my size on the shoe but it can't be.  Very disappointed in PUMA>
B0058XH854 pick something else trust.me Look cooler on libe than in real life not great for running.  Have become some pricey kick around shoes. Meh
B0058XH854 Great for running These shoes have great coushion in the soles and all around the toes. If you have knee or foot problems I would get these.
B0058XH854 Almost Perfect The first pair of real athletic shoes I ever wore were Pumas.  I've strayed here and there throughout the years, but I always end up coming back to Puma.  They make a quality product, that is true to size and fits my 'average-but-I-need-a-little-extra-support' foot very well.  No surprise, I'm highly pleased with this shoe.  I love the fit, the support and the colors.  The shoe looks a bit 'chunky' on my foot, but it fits well, so I can't really complain.  I love the fact that the inside is all one piece, and the tongue is not separate.  No worrying about the tongue moving around while I'm running/lifting/walking the dog.  The sole doesn't have a great deal of grip, so I would not recommend these for trail running or hiking.  Otherwise, they're fantastic for the gym & running/walking in the neighborhood.  Plus, the packaging is fantastic.  Minimal cardboard and a cute red reusable bag that's perfect for putting the shoes in so they don't dirty up the gym bag.  Thanks, Puma, for another great shoe!  I'll be a lifelong customer.
B0058XH854 Thank you Puma! I love these shoes!  They are advertised as a running shoe but I don't find them to be very comfortable when on the treadmill.  The toe has a hard almost plastic piece and there isn't much cushion in the back but for an everyday shoe, oh yes!  I am a nanny and I also run a business in the evening so I spend a lot of time on my feet and these shoes are just fantastic.  I will be purchasing more for sure.
B0058XHABG Excellent running shoe It is a very little bit but it works very well for running, very light shoes and comfortable, also arrived on time and package was very nice, included some gifts.
B0058XHCDM Amazing shoes! I give these shoes are hands down the best one's I've ever bought. They're lightweight, and surprisingly have plenty of cushion on the bottom which is great for walking or running. I've never been disappointed with Puma, and it shows in these shoes.
B0058XHCDM Great running shoes I have been buying this style for years because they fit my feet really well.  I run in them everyday and love the fun purple color.
B0058XHCDM great i just got my shoes, i order the red and black and was sent the gray and pink, even though they are the wrong colors they are amazing. Ever comfy i am a preschool teacher and i am on my feet all day running after children and they are perfect. I have been looking for shoes that wont kill my feet after 3 hours and i think i have found them. There so light weight and sleek. i gave a 4 because i got the wrong color, but the size is perfect so everything is great.
B0058XHN6I Perfect! I really do hate tennis shoes, athletic shoes, whatever you call them, they're ugly.  I have been looking for another style option for years. I won't be running a marathon in these Pumas but whether I am riding the stationery bike at the club or running chores around town these shoes are wonderful. They offer the support and grip of a simple tennis shoe and add a pop of color and flare!
B0058XIVRS Perfect for running around I bought these shoes for my everyday casual shoes. They are comfortable, lightweight, and fit well. I liked them so much I bought a second pair in black. I do not run in these shoes, and can't address how they are for running, but I have lifted in them and they've been great.
B0058XIVRS Nice shoes I think  this shoes are very fashion and comfortable no just for running but for take a walk or just dress
B0058XIVRS Best pair of running shoes I love the fact that there are no laces and that they are so light. Really comfortable and fit perfectly.
B0058XIVRS Puma Running Shoe Feels quite light and slightly big. I guess that's because it was just seen online and bought without being able to try on the pair.
B0058XIVRS SO COMFY Great fit! I wear a 7.5-8 and this was perfect, enough space for the toes and didn't hurt the back of my heel. And it's so comfy, great material. Nicely padded soles, perfect for running. Love them!
B0058XIVRS LOVE THE LOOK... THESE SHOES ARE SO PRETTY. ONLY DOWN FALL...THEY ARE DEFINITELY NOT FOR COMFORT OR RUNNING. THERES REALLY NO SUPPORT AND THEY DONT FEEL ALL THAT COMFY BUT THEY WILL DO FOR LOOKS AND WALKING SHOES ALSO THEY ARE A GREAT PRICE!
B0058XJJ88 stylish but not durable I bought these shoes as cheap minimalist running shoes. They definitely did the job but wore down very quickly as I expected. They look great clean and white but look like rags when worn down. There is no support but that's what I was going for.
B0058XJJ88 I feel like I'm running on air! These shoes fit my feet so well and are so light that I can run faster by just putting them on! Great buy- I'm going to get a second pair!
B0058XJJ88 Lame excuse for a running shoe Shoes are thin and have no support.  I can't wear these things more than 5 minutes before they are aggravating my legs.  Very disappointed!
B0058XJJ88 Lack support & fit was too small Not what I expected for a running shoe....offered no support and the fit was too tight.  Disappointed, these shoes had to go back after trying one on.
B0058XJJ88 Not True to size fit I bought these shoes based off of what the other reviews had said.  I'm assuming most people who bought them didn't wear them for running because their opinion would have been different. When I first got the shoes they felt like someone had worn them when in fact that's just how their made. Secondly they were very "snug" especially for a running shoe. I looked into returning them... Definitely not "free" returns I would have had to pay $20 in shipping and handling fees.  I decided to cut my losses and try them out outside... HUGE mistake!  I felt like my feet were gonna fall off. Maybe buy a size up and want shoes that feel like someone else has worn them for these to workout for you?
B0058XJJ88 definitely get what you pay for I opened up the box and was slightly disappointed.  I got these for $37,and it shows.  They are VERY thin, and there really isn't anything to the bottoms of the shoe.  I am going to keep them more for just wearing them out and about because I like the style of them.  However, they are definitely not running shoes FOR SURE.  I am an avid runner and would never put these on my feet to run.  No support.  The shoelaces came frayed as well, and I will have to replace them because I'm not sure how long they will actually hold up.  Nice style, just not what I was expecting support wise.
B0058XJJ88 So comfy Lightweight! Cute! Casual! However, I don't know if I could really use these as running shoes! They are great for being on your feet all day though!
B0058XJJ88 Great shoe, love it for walking around the house/office! While I do not feel it has ideal support for running/jogging, I love this shoe for walking around the house/office.
B0058XJJ88 comfortable the only negative is that the sole wears out quickly, but have been running dog agility on artificial turf with them and they are GREAT.
B0058XJJ88 A great lifting shoe! I was interested in these initially because they look great and appeared to be low profile.  Once I received and tried them on, I was in love!  I'm not a runner at all, so I can't say how they perform as a running shoe.  The sole isn't very thick, although they are very comfortable, and there isn't much arch support.  Both of which work in my favor as I prefer lifting weights and don't have very high arches!  I even prefer these to my Merrell Pace Gloves.
B0058XJJ88 Love these shoes! This is my second pair of Puma's running shoes. I love them because they are lightweight and easy to wear. They run a little large. I usually wear a size 7 but ordered a 6 1/2 because of the other reviews of the product and they fit beautifully. They are so comfortable that I find myself wearing them most of the day. I love that they are not bulky and heavy but lightweight and easy to wear for walking and running. I would recommend them if you are looking for a lightweight running shoe that is comfortable and versatile.As always, the delivery was prompt from Amazon. I would order them again if I needed a new pair.
B0058XJJ88 Lightweight and perfect for running I've used these sneakers for walking and running and they are the most comfortable pair of sneakers I've ever owned. They weigh next to nothing so you're not lugging around 5 pounds just from footwear. The sole is long-lasting (so far) and the colors are nice too. The material is very breathable so your feet don't feel hot and sweaty. Just one part I'm not so thrilled about is that it's extremely soft so there's very little support in terms of the arches. I solved that easily by inserting a Powerstep 3/4 length orthotic, which worked wonders.
B0058XJJ88 returned - beyond flimsy I read the reviews about it being flimsy but I figured I would make the work somehow. Nope, never in my life seen shoes like this. I have thin running shoes but this is like paper. its not the thickness, its the fact that they would not last more than a couple of runs.
B0058XJJ88 Nice shoes Great shoes, very light weight and comfortable! I would recommend these to anyone wanting a cute little pair of very light weight running shoes.
B0058XKSCY Comfortable for short periods of time I've had these shoes for about a week. The mesh material that they are made of are very comfortable. Sometimes they start to hurt after long periods of walking so I wouldn't use them for running or athletic shoes, however they do work well when I am riding my bike.
B0058XLB5W Great every day shoe These shoes are great to wear for running errands, walking to work, etc. They are comfy but also stylish. My only complaint is that the toe area is somewhat snug/stiff.
B0058ZYXFA They are good, but not great. These are my only gym and running shoes, I originally purchased them for my aerobic fitness class last spring, and have been wearing them to the gym ever since. I have had them for about a year now and they are still in okay shape, BUT after the first two months I had them, a hole formed above my toes in the left shoe, it doesn't look pretty, but it is small and does not affect the performance so I still use these shoes. Overall, I would recommend to a friend, they shipped fine, fit well, and are a decent value. Must admit however, that my next gym/fitness shoe will not be these PUMA shoes.
B0058ZYXFA Not too bad It was bit larger so I returned it.  But it seemed like it would be a very comfortable shoe for running.
B0058ZYXFA great shoes this is my 3rd pair because these are great running shoes. shoes give great support and I think the design is very neat.  these shoes are lightweight and very comfortable. Ill be sad when I have to replace these.
B005901UOG Wonderful shoes I got these for my daughter.  She does not use them for cross-training but just for regular walking.  The thing about them is that they are so stylish - even elegant - that you almost don't want to wear them down by running.  In any case, they provide great comfort and are quite durable.  So, for you runners who both want to run well and make a fashion statement, these shoes will fit the bill.
B005901UOG One of the best pairs of running shoes I've ever used As someone who runs or walks roughly three times a day, I would highly recommend these shoes. Support in an exercise shoe is of the utmost importance, and the Pumagility trainer has plenty of that. From the airy, thick pad that runs from heel to mid-foot to the secure, comfortable fit of the rest of the shoe, this pair leaves little to be desired. The fabric is soft and breathes - I hardly feel like I'm wearing anything at all on my feet. The colors are a little off-beat, so they are perfect for anyone looking for something different in their sportswear. The shoe strings are taut and stay tied (unlike a pair of Nikes that I constantly had to re-tie during the middle of my runs every fifteen minutes or so). My ankles and feet are completely supported. This is by far the best running shoe I've ever used, and I've gone through many different pairs from many different brands.
B005904BRE Surprised me I've only had these for a few days, used them for walking and just today for my Monday back-to-back Bootcamp and Zumba Class. First let me say that Puma doesn't disappoint on the design front, looks-wise I've always admired their shoes. I have the grey/dewberry combo and it goes great with my Zumba highlighter green outfits. =) Good thing I got a 9.5 B, I'm usually a 9 in Asics or any other brand, so these fit just right, a 9 would've been short, so fit-wise these are perfect. Their very light too, cushion, for me I would've wanted something cushier but having used them their ok. For my medium arches, I thought I'd need more arch support, but so far my feet aren't complaining. Now what I thought would bug me a lot is at the sole, specifically at the forefoot. I don't know what it's called but there's a horizontal plastic part I feel right under the ball of my foot, I assume it's to help you in running. I thought with the, for me, just adequate cushioning, that this would be a problem.For walking it was fine, I'd sprint in it for a few meters just to try it out and it felt ok, almost didn't notice it. I tried this for my Bootcamp class and I have to say I like the shoes stability for this, it suprised me here, also since it's very light it was very easy to work out in. Now on to Zumba, where for me this would be a true test for this running shoe, and I'm not a fan of using running shoes for cardio classes, always preferring Cross trainers and with good reason. So here's where I don't like running shoes for Zumba, the soles are not flat enough and these were a bit grippy, good thing they were light so it wasn't that bad for the twists and turns. And then again the floor may have also been tacky, so it didn't help. For the parts were there were plyos, again pleasantly surprised these shoes cushioning worked very well. Now that plastic bar part at the forefoot, not so good, by classes' end and after all the plyos, my big toes were getting numb. These never happen when I use cross trainers. So maybe I'll just use these for bootcamp, walks and weights work where their stability will shine. For Zumba, maybe not that often.Final verdict: nicely made,good looking shoe, comfy enough. Puma surprised me here and I will buy from them again.UPDATE:Used this for a few more classes, specifically Body Combat, which is very high impact, back-to-back with a Zumba class. This time my feet and knees were sore. There really just isn't enough cushioning for me. So I use it for light impact classes as it's still a very stylish shoe and comfy for none demanding workouts.
B00594FOCG Most comfortable running shoes ever I had Asics gel running shoes before these Pumas and I have to tell these are far better. I'm a long distance runner and these shoes are very comfortable, hold up really well. I know these are men's shoes but I didn't care, the size 7 fit my women's size 9 feet perfectly.
B00595JOOY Shoes running small I already had the pair of shoes in black..so I knew it was running small. My size is 8.5 and I had to order a 9.5. Now it fits just fine.
B00595JOOY Great shoes, do run small... I do love PUMA trademark... Always buy my running sneakers and shoes from them, this specific model runs smaller that the regular ones...
B00599CUDC Super light, not much support I've used this as a general travel shoe and for that it is excellent!Really light weight, slim line, good looking! It has a good grip, but there is not much cushioning or support. I would not use it for any  sport or actual running. Probably ok for walking or getting around town. But I rate it for travel!
B00599CWYO Attractive shoe with lots of cushion These shoes are very cool looking, comfortable, and provide neutral support. I run 1-2 times a week mostly off road and use them for the gym as well. In Puma's I wear 1/2 size up. My only criticism is that the ortholite sole is too cushioned. Lots of cushion creates instability especially when trail running or weight lifting. I switched out the insole to one without cushion and now they are much better. However, I have another brand of trail runners which are much stiffer and I prefer these for many activities.
B00599D6NU not worth the money I ordered these shoes because I am a big fan of puma shoes. They were stylish and affordable. But they offer little support when running or even walking. I usually go with a "Puma Complete" model but took a leap of faith on something different and came up short. I say put the $60 towards a puma complete running shoe and you'll be very happy that you did.
B00599EBHK Good shoe These shoes are light weight, comfortable and have excellent breathability a proper running shoe. Also you should note that these shoes wont keep your feet warm at all.
B00599EBHK puma the shoes are very light and the cushioning is ample for a lightweight running shoe.i think the size runs a bit small.i wear a 10 1/2 in everything and these are a bit tight in the toe.very breatheable and look cool,but leave me wanting a more comfortable fit.
B0059BLK9K Jazzy Puma We all want to have just a little bit of Usain Bolt's speed and personality. Well these Puma Bolt Running Shoes are that little bit of Usain Bolt's secret. They are lightweight, mesh material that is non-sweating on your feet, very comfortable, the bright yellow with black stripes on the sides of these Puma running shoes and the green soles give it the bright Jamacian flag colors. The added Usain Bolt signature pose of a lightening bolt is embossed on each shoe on the outside top part of the tongue. These Puma running shoes bring a smile to your face because you will have that little bit of lightning bolt secret each and every time you wear them. Full speed ahead with these Puma Bolt running shoes!
B0059BLK9K BOLTs LOOK GREAT, FEEL GREAT! I waited until I've run outside several times with these PUMA Bolt Faas 400 Jam shoes. I had only run on the treadmill in these until recently. Results are in.  I LOVE THESE SHOES. Fit is great. Enough room in the toe box, especially compared to almost every other pair of shoes I've had. Length of shoe is true to size. Feel while running distances is great. I am leaning toward more minimalist shoes, but not going to extremes. These shoes do not provide much stability or support, which is what I want. The heel / toe drop doesn't seem to be much, without knowing the exact measurements or science of it all. Nice, free feeling while running in these. Very light weight. Looks great, bright - vibrant colors. Nicely made. Soft tongue. Heel cup - soft and very flexible. I will be running in these for many miles this summer. I will continue my switch to PUMA shoes. I also have FAAS 550 (love 'em) and 500 (almost love 'em). Buy PUMA shoes.
B0059CFC4S Great thin lightweight workout running shirt This shirt is thinner than most other workout/running shirts I own which makes it great for those long hot sweaty runs and workouts but can make it a bit more revealing if you plan on wearing it just casually around town.
B0059CGEHC GREAT WORK OUT MATERIAL ZIPPERS AT ANKLE CREATING EASY ACCESS IN AND OUT OF THESE. WAIST POCKET AT CENTER OF THE BACK (SMALLER PCOKET) TO HOLD KEYS WHILE RUNNING. REFLECTIVE STRIPS FOR NIGHT RUNNING. EASY AND COMFORTABLE FIT. BREATHES EASY. I WEAR THESE TIGHTS TO PLAY TENNIS AND RUN.
B005ADOCQK Simple to use. Good watch for running. Simple and easy to stop, reset, etc. I don't need to know my heart rate, the time in Bancock or split splits, just my running time and it works great.
B005CKB0WA Overall good shoes Light weight, size running small
B005DCRS6E Nice Shorts Very comfortable. I found them useful for so many things. Thing love about these are how they breath when running.
B005DTR72W Great Style and Comfort! "Puma" is well known for it's unique low racer style shoes. I ordered these trendy shoes as I enjoy wearing the low cut version(s). The appearance is very flashy and they actually fit pretty good....I like the white color the best....I would not use them for running in, though. However, for the best overall comfort you have to invest in proper running shoe insoles to get that extra support on the ball and for front of the foot....I usually pay about $15-16 dollars for good insoles at my local running shoe outlet.... I have always invested in good insoles as it makes a real difference on comfort....regardless of what type of shoe you purchase. In all, I love the look and feel and would recommend this shoe produced by Puma! Jamie
B005DTR72W Maxing shoes Very light cool good for running and also and I. Really recommend to buy it for kid of for anyone!
B005HEKWM0 Very comfortable shoe Read other reviews about pumas running big. So I went to a sporting goods store and tried on a couple different styles of puma shoes. They do run big. They are great. Really comfortable. Haven't played a round with them yet , but was at the driving range for about 2 hours , feet never started to hurt. They are also very supportive. Great buy for the money.
B005HEPKLS Puma running shoes Another excellent product from Puma. They grip the ground great; no slipping. They are just a bit narrow and snug. I tore up my heels breaking them in.
B005I36VEI NOT RUNNING SHOES Described orginally as a running shoe. Definitely not good on the legs or back. Don't wear for walking or running on hills, flat surfaces or for any length of time. For use as fashion footwear, not as athletic footwear.
B005IKIS9C GREAT PRICE At first I was a little skeptical about these shoes, but I really needed a pair of running shoes that were light weight and fashionable. (There's nothing worse than carrying weights on your feet when you're trying to run)...anyways, I thought they might have been a little pricey at first, but then I walked in a shoe store and saw them for ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE BUX (before tax). It was pretty easy to buy them after that, and they got to my house in 3 days!
B005LC8D38 Great shorts (man runner) I am a guy but men's running shorts fit funny, these looked like the shape i like. I've been running in these for a long time now and they've held up amazingly well.
B005OKD7N8 A++ These are the most comfortable pair of running shoes i've ever worn...could not be happier with this purchase! I'm already picking out more colors for my next order!
B005OKF984 Stunning to say the least! I bought these shoes in white with the lime stripe.  I already knew judging by the picture that this was one pretty shoe.  And those thoughts just don't normally come to me when looking at a shoe.  In person, they are just stunning (they also come in a neat bag resembling a miniature reusable grocery bag that will now serve as my lunch bag).However, as nice as an athletic shoe can look, functionality is always more important.  These don't disappoint.  They have all the supports in the heel, toe and arch that I needed without sacrificing weight or comfort, and they encourage proper form.  They have a small forward movement encouragement built in (that feeling when you walk in running shoes that it's trying to make you move forward) but it's not as much as other brands of running shoes so they stays just as comfortable to walk in as they are to run in.  The toe runs a little wider than normal as well, so your feet don't feel cramped in, but that can also be uncomfortable for you at first as your muscles adjust--but when are breaking in new running shoes not a little uncomfortable?  If you're a double knotter, good luck, they give you just enough lace to pull it off.  I haven't had a problem yet with the laces becoming untied with a single knot, but then again, I tuck my laces in anyway.I can't yet label them the best running shoes I've ever owned because I've had them for such a short time, but they're already one of the best!I run with these on the beach boardwalk everyday and I usually catch a glimpse of my shoes in the reflections of the shop windows as I run by and they look even better in motion.  You WILL get a flood of compliments for sure (immediately) and you'll be more encouraged to run more as you see better results as well.  A great investment as far as I'm concerned!The Pros:- Just.  Gorgeous.- Noticeably very comfortable (stand, walk, run, jog, etc)- Arch support- Small, light heel- Tongue is stitched in place (some people don't like that, but I prefer it)The Cons:- White fabric is easy to get dirty- Not going to work wonders for shin splints- Runs about 1/4-1/2 size larger than your normal shoe size (I normally wear a 9 but got these in a 8.5)
B005OKF984 Awesome footwear! Great and comfortable running shoes. I walk 10 miles a day in them and it feels as if I walking barefoot. They are very light in weight and like I said, they are very comfortable.5 start out of 5 stars.
B005OKF984 This Shoe is Making me HAPPY!!!!! This is an awesome shoe. It keeps my tootsies dry when I'm running and they're awesome walking around shoes. I'm flatfooted and usually can only stand for short periods of time, but with these, I can stand all day. Love em!!!
B005OKF984 Light and comfortable. Great for running in the treadmill! They have a great look too. Amazing durability and comfort-ability. I'm thinking about getting another pair in black.
B005OMEGTA Great shoes, lite, sturdy and well constructed Great shoes, very lite, good construction, nice containment straps. would recommend to all who like light weight shoes for running, working out and general wear.
B005ON39OC Lightweight but sturdy These running shoes are the lightest ones that I've ever worn, and yet they are surprisingly sturdy. They fit perfectly and provide enough cushioning to make my indoor runs comfortable.
B005ON39OC Love them! These shoes are so incredibly light and comfortable. I don't wear socks with them and they are the best running shoes I've had to date. Normally I break in a pair of shoes before running in them, but not these bad boys. I will be purchasing more Puma running shoes in the future.
B005ON39OC great shoe I needed a new pair of running shoes and these were perfect -- I got them on the sale page on Amazon.  I've never purchased running shoes online before, so I was a little nervous, but these work great!
B005OTA9R6 Great shoes! Lovely shoes, excellent for exercising! Great for running, jumping, simply Puma!I saw them in the store, but they did not have my size and decided to order them online.
B005OTA9R6 love these` These shoes are exactly as I expected them to be, and very comfortable.  They aren't  bulky like most other tennis shoes and are light.  I feel like I can do dance, running, walking, anything in them.
B005V5ZKXG Puma Lady Complete TrailFox 4 Trail Running Shoes - 7.5 - Yellow Received shoes 12 days before expected! Thank you!! Bought for my sister's birthday and she's very happy with them. Might have to buy myself a pair :)
B005ZFCUIA Puma Color is a tiny off mine look orange but I don't care because I have been looking everywhere for this same shoe the style is very comfortable not just for running but also training if you are doing any workout program and have problems with your feet goin numb from any other snicker this one may be the one for you because it fits  in the arch of your foot and it gives you amazing cushion and support specially if you working out in wood flooring like I do.
B005ZFCUIA Love Them! So I have been getting back into working out and getting into shape lately and needed a new pair of shoes. I've never owned any Puma products before, but the reviews were good, and they were great colors. The product arrived in a quick and timely manner. The fit was as expected with some extra wiggle room in the toes. They also are very comfortable. I recently did a 5k run and they were excellent, comfortable, with no pain. Also so far haven't had any issues with them coming untied while running, and I have gotten a lot of compliments from friends and co-workers about how cute they are and where I got them from.
B005ZFCUIA Excellent shoes! I absolutely LOVE these shoes! They are lightweight, exceptionally comfortable (like walking on air) and the colors are sharp. I don't do an awful lot of running, so I can't attest to how well they would hold up for a serious runner. However, for everyday use, they are super. I will caution that these do run a little small. I normally wear a size 8, and based on other reviews, I purchased an 8.5 and they fit perfectly!!
B005ZFCUIA Perfect shoes!!! These are the most comfortable shoes I have purchased in a long time.  The support and cushion are just right.  I haven't tried running in them yet, so I cannot comment on comfort when vigorously exercising.  And, the color is rich and vibrant.
B005ZFCUIA Perfect fit, perfect balance! I've never felt so great after running/jogging a good mile, these shoes are perfect for me, they fit perfectly and everything was just great about them!
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable! Very Comfortable shoes for everyday, haven't tried running in them but that's next!!Totally worth the money perfect fit!Thanks!
B005ZFCUIA Best Pair of Running Shoes I Own I purchased these shoes one week ago and I will be purchasing another pair. These shoes are so comfortable for running and walking. I have purchased all kinds of high-end running shoes and by far these are the best. I will be recommending these shoes to my friends.
B005ZFCUIA I love the color, but not as comfortable as I thought it would be. I wouldn't recommend walking or running in these shoes. I wore these shoes to a kickball game and me feet hurt during the game. I would only use these shoes for the gym and weight training.Also, it is a big snug. I normally wear a 10 in sneakers but this is a bit too small.
B005ZFCUIA Perfect running shoe I love to run and I almost always turn to Puma for the perfect running shoe!  So far, they haven't failed me.  They were comfortable the moment I put them on with no breaking in time (which is a plus)  I do a lot of intervals on the treadmill with high inclines and my feet felt great after the first workout.  Also, love all the great colors they come in and would buy this shoe over and over again!
B005ZFCUIA Real running shoes This is what I was looking for my wife so she can excercise without hurting her knees.These are really ment for running. Great shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Weird shoe I have come to the conclusion that I should not buy shoes meant for comfort without first trying them on.I have the same issues as some other reviewers - clunky feeling on my foot, laced up tight they still feel loose on my heel, and my feet ache and start to fall asleep after prolongued use. I can't imagine someone buying these as a dedicated running shoe.Oh well. They lace up properly and protect my feet from roadside debris, so not a TOTAL loss, but they are definitely on the low end of comfort when it comes to fitness shoes.
B005ZFCUIA It took a while for the shoes to fit 7.5B usually fits me perfectly, but these shoes were somewhat small for me (although 8B was a little bit too loose). I end up keeping the 7.5B, and it took about a month of regularly wearing them for the shoes to finally fit me well. Now they are quite comfortable, and provide good arch support. However, I would not wear them for long distance running or walking because somehow my feet would get really tired afterwards comparing to some other running shoes. I do love the design of the shoes (I got the Turbulence/Pink). I find they are good for short distance exercise (about 2 miles) and yoga.
B005ZFCUIA My favorite running shoes Love theses shoes.  Cute and the fit is perfect.  I'm an 8.5.  And for some reason, I've struggled finding running shoes I like.  These are durable (trail running) and comfortable (no sore feet even after 16 hours on my feet in the middle of a Northern Arizona summer).  Only thing I could wish for is a little more breath-ability but these are so sturdy that I wouldn't trade considering that I usually wear for an hour or two at a time. So amazing that I also have them in black.
B005ZFCUIA Not for serious athletes These are not cross-training shoes. They are heavy (about 65 grams heavier than other cross-trainers like Asics, Reebok, and Nike), too tight/narrow in the toe (even with ordering a half-size bigger), and uncomfortable because they do not offer enough cushion/support. Also, the inside sole of the shoe says "running"-although being a runner myself, I can tell there would not be enough cushion nor support for long-distance runs.The style makes it an attractive shoe,but it fails in the performance department. If you are looking for standard sneakers for everyday use, these are fine. However, if you are looking for a shoe that provides serious stability, comfort, and speed in your workout (e.g., crossfit, HIT, etc.) Puma shoes are NOT the right choice for you-stick with proven performance brands for athletes (e.g., Nike or Reebok).Should go without saying, but I will be returning these shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Bad experience! I ordered puma running shoes and order 5& 1/2  size but they are like 6 because they are too big and gave me a blister right foot on first day I wear them ;(
B005ZFCUIA Cute but not for running These are very cute and I will keep them as my regular wear tennis shoe but I can not run in these shoes, very heavy and my feet cramped up.  I will probably just go back to Adidas for running shoes...
B005ZFCUIA So comfy! Love these! True to size, not too bulky and super comfortable. I don't run as I have a knee problem but they're great for the gym and running around after the kids I nanny for.
B005ZFCUIA Fits as expected, Super comfortable, great shoe. I love puma running/cross-training/sports shoes, and have been wearing the brand for over 10 years now. I was a bit hesitant to buy these in a size 11, since I am typically a size 10, but like to get a 10.5 when buying running shoes, since your foot expands when exercising, but the size 11's fit great.The shoe is super comfortable, and great looking. The elevated platform gives a stable stand for cross training classes, and running alike. And the shoe is super durable, and fits great.
B005ZFCUIA Solid/Sylish Running Shoe Bought these or my fiance some time ago, and she still wears them running all the time. No complaints here.
B005ZFCUIA Best running shoes ever!!! Before buying these shoes I read the reviews, especially the ones with low rates and most of the people said that they run too small. THEY DO RUN A LITTLE SMALL, but if you&#8217;re buying running shoes, it is best to buy them  size bigger, that way your feet have enough space. The size issue was perfect for me, I have really small feet (I&#8217;m 27 years old and I have to buy shoes for girls). I&#8217;ve running for over 10 years now and I always use Puma, so I know that at first they are a little tight, but you just have to break them in a little. These kicks are gorgeous, comfortable and very light! They are perfect for run! I would buy them again!
B005ZFCUIA Just started wearing them Right now the shoes seem great!  Been using them for running and I like them so far!  I like the fit, they feel like great running shoes!
B005ZFCUIA Adorable, awesome, and comfortable! I am just beginning to run so I needed some running shoes that can do the job while also giving me plenty of support. And I have to say that I LOVE these shoes! Not only are the colors amazing, but the shoe itself is super comfortable and light-weight! I felt like I could go running immediately. Additionally, I have extremely high arches so buying shoes is really stressful. But these shoes don't bother me at all!I wear a size 9 and they fit perfectly as well! I would recommend these shoes!
B005ZFCUIA my first pair of puma's I love these shoes, they make my feet look small and they are great for running and very comfortable to wear.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoes Wearing them now while running and training my dog. They are so comfortable and provide a lot of stability! The color is awesome
B0064IPTA8 Pumafox shoes They are very comfortable and light. Also fit my feet (which are quite wide). Great running shoes for the price.
B0064IPTA8 Good running shoes Very good running shoes.  I got the, for use on the treadmill. Very lightweight but durable.  Comfortable and fit as expected.  Good buy.
B0064IQKXS Buy this shoe. Light, breathable, COMFORTABLE.  I'm a heavier guy, 6'2" 220 or so, and these are great running shoes.  I also wear them casually with shorts because they look so good.  As a runner, great cushion.  Can't recommend enough.
B0069RLF8Y No blisters! They feel great on half marathon runs. I have tried many brands and styles but these are the ones for me. I have a midfoot to heel running style and these seem to work well for that. Lots of cushion but not too stiff. Most important to me is smooth interior of shoe. On my third pair of the same style. That says it all.
B006MO7AY2 perfect for running These are my favorite shorts for running. They are short, but not too short. The feature that I really love is the elasticized band at the hips - no messing with drawstring ties that you have to adjust. They are of high quality and have already gone through many, many washings. After purchasing the black and grey ones, I promptly ordered the two remaining colors. I only wish there were more!
B006OEY2NC OMG! They're like wearing running shoes! I bought these originally solely on price but amazed at how comfortable they fit. I was concerned about the width (I have a wide foot) but they are naturally designed wide.  I've played 2 rounds so far and they hold up great & no issues with traction.
B006QO2XP4 Love these! I wear these all the time, they fit well and feel good.  The sole is not as thick or sturdy as a running shoe, but they are great silp on and go shoes.
B006QOI4L6 they are so comfy! I use them for running and exercising they are very comfy to wear. when I use them I feel aerodynamic since they are very light. only bad part I got a blister because of the back but I haven't used them much so they're still a little stiff. I would recommend these to everyone!
B006QOIP88 Perfect running shoe I tried these shoes out a year ago and absolutely love them.  Lightweight trainer that provide the right amount of cushion and support.
B006QOIQ4Q puma running needed another running shoe, have always used puma, this ones okay, not the best i've ever had, but it will do for now.
B006QOIQ4Q Great running shsoes I bought these shoes for my granddaughter. She is a counselor at UWF in Pensacola, Fl. She gets excellent wear and her feet don't get tired. She said thir insole support is great.
B006QOJ3HK Awesome shoes They are comfortable and my feet did not hurt after running a 5K. Perfect running shoes whether your a first time runner or a long time runner
B006QOJ3HK Light ,Sexy Comfortable, & Well Designed The PUMA Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe, Red/Yellow/Black/Silver, is a perfect sneaker , specially for running they are very comfortable and light, The color is very unique and attractive, I get many complements at the gym on a regular basis.
B006QOJ8PM Great I've been running with a lot of shoes for 8-9 years, I love these shoes and they look amazing. I've been running on these for about 7 months and just now the bottom layer has started to peel on the sides. Would recommend these to all of my friends
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes Thank you Puma for making such a fine product. They fit perfectly to my foot and demonstrate Puma's consistence on putting out a quality product. I love your soccer cleats and now I am a fan of your running shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Fit is a bit large, but otherwise a decent cross-trainer Pros:Comfortable, breathable, very good stabilization in the heel, low-to-moderate rise in the heel.Cons:Not much arch support, sole is a bit stiff for running.This is a nice, comfortable cross-trainer.  It's a bit large, and if this is common across sizes (I typically wear a 9), I would suggest looking at something a 1/2 size smaller than what you typically wear.  Or just load up on socks.  The complaints about arch support and the stiff sole are minor gripes.  The shoe felt a lot worse when I first put them on, but they are breaking in nicely after about a week of occasional use.All told, these shoes will be my regular gym workout shoes and occasional/travel running shoes.  The arch support and sole are not really designed for serious running, but they will suffice for the occasional 5-10k while I'm away from home and don't want to carry too many sets of shoes.
B006QOJ8PM I Love Puma Shoes Great for casual dress, walking or running. I receive lots of good ciompliments for the style. Nevertheless best price ever then home.
B006QOJ8PM Excellent looks and value I was pleasantly surprised at the quality, fit and comfort of this shoe. Stylish too! I have mainly worn New Balance running shoes but I lll make the shift to Puma after this pair wears out
B006QOJ8PM Comfy snug fit These shoes are a perfect fit, they are very light shoes compared to most. I wouldnt buy them as running/ workout shoes, but they are very stylish and comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM Running shoes I bought the shoes for my son for football and they are perfect for him to practice on the field
B006QOJ8PM Great product Good product, comfortable running shoe. Light with good arc support for my feet. I am very sattified with this Puma running shoe
B006QOJ8PM Good, solid shoes... ...for the price I paid (under $40). They do run small - I am somewhere between a 9 and a 9.5, and while these fit at 10, I probably could have gone to a 10.5 without an issue.Still, taking this into account, the shoes are definitely working for me on my treadmill running and walking.
B006QOJ8PM great shoes amazing for running . these shoes are amazing its worth the $, amazing for running no pain anymore i feel great after jogging or sprinting with these shoes  i definetly recommend this shoes!
B006QOJ8PM Loving them so far! I've had my Puma Tazon 5's awhile now, and I am currently pleased with them!I did NOT order a size/half size bigger, and I'm glad I didn't, as they fit perfectly... No pun intended, but I believe some people people do not know their actual shoe size, is all...Anywho, the shoe is super comfy, lightweight, and excellent support!.. I needed these cross-training shoes for help with weightlifting. Traditional running-shoes(my Reebok Zigtechs) just broke down, due to the flimsy foam-like base of the shoes, which they obviously make that way for lightweight running. However, the Tazon 5 has a durable base, so I can train in them efficiently, and comfortably! Thanks Puma!
B006QOJ8PM Going old Skool! I grew up wearing puma baskets back in the early 80's. I love the Tazon 5 NM running shoe. Although I do not plan to do any running! I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they fit just right. Great for style and comfort!!
B006QOJ8PM Excellent Running Shoes...!!! Fit as expected. Confortable, light, nice looking. Highly recommended.
B006QOJ8PM Great, light running shoes These shoes look and feel great, very light and comfortable. Definitely go up a size if you have normal size or big feet.
B006QOJ8PM These are great shoes and for the price i am amazed Stylish and very effective. I would purchase these anytime and they are great for running and for lounging.  A bit heavier then some other shoes but they do not wear you out.
B006QOJ8PM 5 stars This pair fit just as expected and they are very comfortable. They look really nice also, so you can either use them for running or to just casual wearing.
B006QOJ8PM very nice and cool I like the shoes ... the style, the quality.... its really good  to be used every day for running or walking
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes for the gym - not for running. Just what I was looking for to wear at the gym and for miscellaneous errands on the way in and out.  They are ok for short casual running as well, but definitely not running shoes.  Fast walking they seem to be able handle.  The soles are stiff and since they are mostly leather they do not have the flexible roll you need from true running shoes.  If you are European size 41 they are true to fit. Do not trust the US 8.5 since isn't that normally euro 42?  They are a snug fit with thin socks and work well for those who like their shoes that way.  The last time I ordered Adidas in 8.5 online they were way too big.
B006QOJ8PM Puma men's Tazon My husband loves the Tazon5MN running shoe.His foor doctor told him to get a good running shoe. He has a lot of trouble with his feet. He said that they feel good on his feet
B006QOJ8PM The reviews were right This is the first set of Puma's I have ever bought. In reading the reviews it was apparent they ran small. I typically wear an 8.5 so went with 9.5 and the fit was perfect. These are very comfortable shoes but would not use them as either running or in the gym. These are great for the casual walk around.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome Very comfortable, excellent support, amazing price. Have them in white and black. Strongly recommended if you are on your feet all day or just looking for an awesome running shoe!
B006QOJ8PM Fits perfect. Feels good on foot, and feels even better when walking/running! Just pefect for training! 5 Stars PUMA
B006QOJ8PM So comfortable I have flat feet so good shoes are hard to come by, and being a college athlete, running track and rugby I am very active and these shoes really fit my active lifestyle
B006QOJ8PM Puma Tazon 5 Very sleek and comfortable running shoes. Nice fit and the best of all very good price. I would gladly recommend them !
B006QOJ8PM brilliant I usually wear an 11, but i ordered a 10 and it fits like a glove. materials are strong and well made. the shoe is extremely light and put together very well. perfect for everyday wear or whilst exercising (especially running)
B006QOJ8PM Great price on amazon! I really love the look and feel of these running shoes! They definitely are true to size also. Very comfy to walk in and run in. I hope to be walking and running for a long time with these nice comfortable sneaks!
B006QOJ8PM Excellent running shoe Picked these up after deciding to not listen to a few reviews concerning the narrowness of the sole of the shoe.  I wear a size 12EE in a fitted boot which means I have a fairly wide foot.  Decided to bump up to a 13 figuring that they would be a little bit wider than a size 12.  Got lucky and they fit extremely well without pinching or squeezing the sides of my foot.  I've been using them to run on a treadmill (usually around three mile stints) and they seem to have adequate traction as well as breath ability.Would definitely buy them again if I was shopping for another pair of running shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoes.. Love them They fit perfectly and are very light. I use them for running and fashion. I am extremely happy with my purchase!
B006QOJ8PM Good all around shoe I mostly wear these as daily foot wear.  I used them one time for running (1.5 miles) for work.  They did just fine.  I would not buy them as a running shoe, but in the gym and short distance occasional running is fine.Comfortable every day shoe.
B006QOJ8PM comfortable but a bit tight Ok, these shoes are amazing, they are lightweight and looks good, I've been running with these shoes for a while and I didn't feel any pain in my foot. However you might consider GOING 1 SIZE UP which was perfect for me when I got my 2nd pair. All in all awesome shoes very comfy and looks great even better than the picture :)
B006QOJ91U The best! These are by far the best cross trainers I have ever owned! I have own Asics, Nike, NB, but never Puma and I will honestly never go back. They are a great design and can be worn with just about any outfit. But that's not really why you buy this type of shoe. The performance is phenomenal, running in these is like running on air. My feet don't hurt after like they usually do with every other pair I have used. These are a must buy for at least someone like me who runs moderately.
B006QOK6TY Cute Shoes I love how they look.  They go well with my Puma powder blue pants :) Good price, too.They are comfortable, but not meant for running.
B006QOK96Y Incredibly comfortable, but definitely not for running I bought these because I do a lot of walking through the day and I needed a good walking shoe.  These fit the bill perfectly.  Although they are described as running shoes, they do not have sufficient support/padding for me and my back would suffer terribly.  I recommend them for women that want a stylish shoe for walking and getting things done.
B006QQI3ZQ Awesome Shoes Great snug fit, goes great for running, boxing, martial arts, and weightlifting. I love the free feeling of movement and traction when wearing them. Very light weight and probably good for free runners too(I dont free run)
B006SZ64BA Great I love it!  It has large numbers which are helpful when I glance down at it while running.  Pretty, too!
B006W1DT1I Velcro closure dosen't line up! My daughter saw these running shoes and had to have them for running club at school.  They fit her her nicely, though the position of the wide elastic behind the velcro closure makes them a bit awkward to put on, plus the closure flap doesn't line up!  She still wears them though...
B006WDN6B4 Feels like I'm running on air! Feels like I'm running on air! I just got these, mostly because of the price, and I absolutely love them! I am a runner and I literally feel weightless with them on. Super comfortable and stylish as well. I'd recommend these to anyone!
B006WDOSUC I like it a lot! i like it a lot!they fit perfectly, they have very good feet support, super confortable for running and do fitness, the size is rigth,  and not to mention they are so beautiful.totally recommend it
B006WDOZJG Comfortable and light I bought these shoes last year and was surprised at how light they were, it felt like I was walking around barefoot. I was uncertain as to how it would be for walking or running long distances, but since a coworker (who is an avid runner) was talking about using lightweight shoes I decided to give it a try. The first few times I wore them I went for long walks since I didn't trust it off the bat to go for a run but I was surprised the my feet didn't hurt like my previous running shoes. I don;t consider myself a runner, but these shoes have certainly made transitioning into running much easier. I I've probably gone on a dozen runs plus countless miles of walking and they're still holding up. I would recommend for people to give them a try, they're not for everybody but I really think they're worth the money.
B006WDOZJG Wear these for running The big craze in running these last few years has been the "barefoot" running.  When I lived in the mountains of Pa, I was able to do this on some nice, deserted logging trails, and it was like being six again.  I'd had more than a few loggers or hunters stop and ask me what my problem was.  I also run on the treadmill without shoes.  But when I can't run barefoot, I wear these, and they are my primary running shoe for training for a half marathon.  If you are used to wearing what I call "big clompers", I'd ease into these babies, but when you do, you'll not go back.  Your legs and feet will feel so much stronger because those muscles in your feet will not be atrophied, ensconced in big casts of shoes.  Makes me wonder why people spend all their money on the "NIKE FREE's" and such gimmicky shoes, when all they need to do is buy these PUMAS.  I've also had great success with swim shoes as my main running shoes.  But these look more "normal".
B006WDOZJG Love these shoes Perfect shoes for the gym, which is why I purchased them. I use them on the elliptical and they let my feet breathe because of the mesh material. I am not sure how they fare for long distance running but for light exercise they are perfect.
B006WEI3BQ Very Lightweight Running Shoe I bought these shoes for use on a treadmill. They are lightweight and flexible in the arch. The shoes seemed OK outside too but they have mostly been used inside.My only complaint was the shoe dug into my heel causing bad blisters until they were broken in.
B006ZN6PT6 Wonderful These shoes are light and comfortable its easy walking and running with them. also suitable for summer very cool . I recommend them to everyone.
B006ZNLM9Y Great Shoes I had Nike running shoes before these and two months before my marathon they wore out and ripped. I purchased these and finished my training in them and ran my marathon and they worked great. Comfortable and durable. I probably put close to 200 mile on them and they are just starting to shoe a little wear and tear.
B006ZNNYPE Great running shoe with a great price This is a great running shoe, especially for runners that over pronate.  I've been using the shoe for the past few weeks on moderate distances and it's been great.  It's a very light running shoe with a good fit.  Puma was never on my list of great running shoes but now they are and they do it with a great price.
B006ZNNYPE Puma Faas 800s are the only running shoes I will buy!!! The Faas 800 is the best running shoe I have ever used hands down.  This is actually the second pair I have owned and I am in the process of purchasing a third pair.  I am an over pronator, heal striker and these shoes have been amazing.  The Faas 800's are very, very comfortable.  It is rather amazing that Puma was capable of making the 800's this comfortable yet remain this light.  I can't say enough positive things about this shoe.  Just buy them, you won't be disappointed.
B006ZNNYPE Great Light Running Shoe I bought these shoes when they were just out about a year and a half ago for 100 euro (now 60 euro). I wanted something reasonable light for the odd race, but with enough cushion for longer road runs too. I have a moderate over-pronantion so I researched a few options and tried on a few different pairs. I was not disappointed by these shoes. I got the black and green coloured shoe which looks pretty good (white inner sole is a little obvious for my liking - hence one star deduction), some of the colours are pretty naff! I do about 30km a week in mine and they have lasted fine up to now (over a year and a half). They have a perfect amount of cushion and feel natural and comfortable throughout the run (not heavy or contrived or like they are fighting your natural running movement like some trainers). I have had no injuries whatsoever in the time I have had them, which says a lot too. I intend to buy a new pair of green ones this week and they massively reduced price is a real bonus. I really hope Puma is not considering replacing this shoe as it is definately one of the best around at what it does.
B006ZO2ZJY Running shoes I got these as a gift for my sister. Don't know how she likes them yet but, I think they are nice . Put them on and they seemed comfortable. Seller was fast on delivery.
B006ZO2ZJY Dissapointed I ordered Puma SLX Fuujin J running shoe in purple in size 8 along with 3 other brand shoes. (taking advantage of amazon prime and returns)The Pumas run small as did the other Pumas I have. I loved the color of these shoes but they are too lite weight for what I would put them through. They don't have enough support to make them comfortable for very long. I gave them 2 stars because the color and style are very attractive. The shoes I kept are a pair of Solomon XR Mission Trail Running shoes. They are great!
B0071O0KI0 comfy for my little runner I got these for my daughter because she wanted to start running with me... she said they were very comfortable.
B0071RGWAM STOP don't purchase These are Poorly built and very expensive running shoes,  after less than  weeks the threads unraveled and the soles came apartAlso too narrow
B0072B343A Running small I chose 4 stars because the tee is running small. Overall my granddaughter like the shirt, but it a little bit smaller than we would like it to be and it should  be. I always buy for her x-large just in case it will shrink after laundry. Otherwise it's nice.
B0073FQRHA Nice running shoe I have just purchased my third pair of the Puma Ryjin running shoes.They are light weight neutral shoes. Not too much cushion but not minimalist either.I ran a marathon in my first pair of Ryjins
B0073FQRHA Great Shoe so far This is exactly what I was looking for.  I wear for tennis and running. Very nice looking.  No issues.  Would recommend.
B0073FQRHA Great Looking This running shoe is super light and has great style. Only issue I have is the tongue at bottom tends to fold over but I attribute that to the very light material. Its very comfortable and heel support is very good.  Because of the light material used I have a feeling they will last only a season or two but well worth.
B0073FQRHA Great fit but... I usually wear a 10.5 and decided to buy a size 11 knowing that pumas are usually on the narrow side.  When I got them I was disappointed that there was what appears to be an ink run from the black strip running along the front of the shoe.  Shoes themselves are light and well ventilated.  My feet feel really good in them and they look great.  Not sure how good the support is for long distance running though.
B0073G9NNO Great fit! These shoes were true to size!  They were comfortable and were perfect for running track! If you are looking for a great track shoe then this is it!
B0073G9RI0 Light and comfortable I just began running again and I really like these shoes.  I am about 40 pounds overweight and tend to step on my heels.  I have not had any pain with these shoes.  I have had no blisters.  There was no breaking in period for these.  They are not heavy and breath well.
B0073G9Z4Q Pumas running shoes are a cool, great fitting shoe I was suprised to have read comments about the shoe running narrow.  I have pumas now that I work out in and I liked the looks of these. They fit fine.  Very comfortable.
B0073G9Z4Q Awesome cushioning, but not best for supinators Ordered these for their enhanced cushioning because as a supinator (feet roll outward upon striking), cushioned running shoes are best.  However, these are bit too narrow for my wider foot, so these Pumas allow too much supination. The Puma Velosis is a much better fit for my foot type.  A real bummer.  Had to return.  Otherwise, a very nice looking and great feeling shoe!P.S. The Saucony Echelon are now my go-to running shoe for appropriate fit.
B0073GAUC2 Great pair of running shoes. I love these shoes. I literaly ran holes in my last running shoes so I ordered these and  I really like them. They are light weight and very comfortable. It feels like I'm running on air. Great shoes!!!!!
B0073GAUC2 wrong color Over all I like the shoes but the pretty blueish green you see in the pic is not the same its alot more green which was disapointing.Puma Women's Complete SLX Ryjin J Running Shoe
B0073GAUC2 Darling These shoes are comfortable and light weight.  I like that they have some color to them but are not entirely bright and outrageous which seems to be the theme with running shoes these days.  They also fit true to size.  I have ordered pumas in the past that ran large but these were a perfect fit.  Great style for a great price.
B0073GAUC2 Very comfortable This is the 3rd pair of shoes for running, biking and working out that I have tried. They are true to color, size and comfort. They are also very affordable.
B0073GAUC2 To amateur I always had bought puma training shoes, but this shoes wasn't good enough...maybe for walk, not for running.I must bought other shoes for run.
B0073IO2VK Love! These shoes are light-weight and super comfortable. They are great for running, but I suggest getting your true size as I got mine a little bigger thinking I would need it and don't.
B0073IO2VK Great sneakers! I LOVE these running shoes! They are so light it doesn't feel as if I even have shoes on! Would definitely buy them again!
B0073IO2VK Great deal - good for all types of running I bought these shoes after reading a recommendation on runner's world. I am training for a half marathon so they get quite a bit of use on the road, but they are also comfortable on the cross country trails around my school. I am a size 7-7.5 with medium to wide feet and the 7 fits perfectly.
B0073IO2VK faas 350 Have only worn once, but liked the feel.  They wrap around my foot like a glove with plenty of room for foot strikes in the toes.  Have yet to experience the slipping others have mentionned when the shoe surface gets slippery.  Looking forward to running many more miles in these shoes.
B0073IR6PE Great shoes for running, but the easily catches dirt. This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Really good for running. Not to mention it looks stylish too.Cons: Some parts of the shoe easily catches dirt, I don't know what that material is called. I ordered the white/red one, and got dirty on my first run, and I ran mostly on pavement. I'm planning to dye mine with darker color like gray. Also it may be irrelevant to others, this style is made in China. I'm not saying it's a rip off, it's a real Puma and has very good build. I would just preferred something made in Vietnam or somewhere else.
B0073IR6PE it's nice yes it's nice but it fits too big. I am a size 7 and ordered a 7 since it is women's running shoes so I thought the sizes would be the same. WRONG!! I had to order a 5.5 and it still fits a little too big but the 5 fit too small. I like them and they do not hurt when running only thing I have a hard time putting it on and it always pisses me off. other than that I like them!
B0073IR6PE Running or Basketball? I feel like these are more basketball shoes, maybe even cross trainers, but definitely not long distance running shoes. Amazing shoes!
B0073IR6PE Hubby said not good for running He wears this AT&T; he lab. It's good for being on ur feet for long period of time. He's an army dentist.He bought Adidas sneakers for running at a local mall with military discount. Adidas is worth the price he said.
B0073IR6PE Excellent Compromise I've always ran with cushion shoes, but recently just wasn't running as fast and thought a change would help.  I've never ran in Pumas, but after seeing the price and reading a few reviews i thought i would try out the Evospeeds.  I thought it was ingenious to have ankle support, and was surprised at how light and flexible the shoes were.  First time out I did 1.5 mi and was really impressed that i didn't get shin splints with thinner shoes than I'm used to running in.  I haven't looked back since.  I'm in a running class now and learning a lot about different shoes and what they do for you.  For me it's the perfect hybrid of a minimalist and cushioned running shoe.  I can definitely see an increase in leg strength (the running class workouts help a lot too) and overall performance in my running.  Excellent shoes for an excellent price (got mine for $38).  I got a pair for a friend in the military and he loves them too.
B0073IR6PE Awesome !!! These are one of the finest running shoes out there... very stylish n very comfortable... the heel area is soft n running is easier compared to others... They can easily be worn as sneakers with jeans also... overall excellent quality n price :)
B0073ITVP2 Very comfortable Very good shoes for running or walking long hours. Super light weight but still comfortable to wear 10-12 hours straight. I would suggest these shoes are for D or narrow width. true fit
B0073ITVP2 Great indoor running shoe Very comfortable running shoe with a non-aggressive sole for indoor / treadmill running at the gym. These fit me true to size with the little extra width my feet need.
B0073ITVP2 awesome Super comfaratable super lite good material these shoes are great I recommend these as running shoes or even shoes just to wear casually
B0073ITVP2 Good but dirty easily Not the most durable pair of sneaks I've had, especially in terms of aesthetics. But overall they are very comfortable and solid for running. They look pretty cool as well.
B0073ITVP2 Bolt Evo......fits like a glove These shoes fit perfectly for my husband. He says it's like runningon air/cotton but still supports his feet.Very lightweight and flexible, makes running a breeze.He loves it.
B0073ITVP2 Very light shoe Evospeed is light and very breathable shoe, no sweat for sure. I do not find it good for running because my foot is lose in it, I would rather get something else for running.
B0073IUO62 Puma Women's Cell Tolero running shoe Puma Women's Cell Tolero running shoes - These shoes are so durable and comfortable! I liked my first pair so much I just purchased another pair.
B0073IV0AQ She loves this sneaker!!! My wife needed a pair of running shoes... got her these and she is very excited about walking, running and riding in them!
B0073IW118 PUMA TRAINING SHOES loved my purchase, I already own a pair of Puma running shoes and I love the comfort, style and fit... Price wasn't too bad either!! All around great deal.
B0073XIITC I like my running shoes! My Running shoes have a nice design and are very comfortable. I like them a lot for their color and form.
B0073XIITC Not Cross-Trainers I bought these shoes for the gym and cycling, but they are running shoes.  They are very stiff, so that makes them good for cycling.  I would not run in them.  They are comfortable, though I wish I would have gotten a lighter color!  I live in SW Florida and the sun heats them up fast!
B0073XIITC Running or Cross Trainer? It's sold as a cross-trainer, but request to review lists this as a running shoe.  I moved to a cross trainer for zumba as I needed more support than the dance/cheer shoes would give.  They are okay for zumba until you have quick movements and then the treads on the bottom catch the floor.
B0073XIITC KICKING AROUND I am a fitness professional and have to be in athletic shoes 8+ hours a day. These proved to be comfortable and supportive. I wouldn't use these more for walking or cross training. They are definitely not supportive or cushioned enough for running. They are however, great if your looking for a comfortable and stylish fitness shoe to take you from the gym to running errands.
B0073XIITC Great shoes I was very pleased overall with my new puma running shoes. Fits great, wonderful price, and they are very comfortable
B0073XIITC Review on Puma Running Shoes I love them!  They were shipped and delivered so soon!  It was my Birthday present to myself and couldn't be happier with them!  Very comfortable and they look great!
B0073XIITC Great Cushion It's a nice shoe. It fits a little snug at first, but breaks in well. The cushion in it is amazing. I can't wait to start running in these.
B0073XIITC Very pleased! I'd never ordered running shoes online before, but decided to bite the bullet because of the free shipping (lovely!). I anticipated them not fitting and having to exchange/return them, but I was so pleasantly surprised when they arrived! They fit perfectly and are true to size. Not to mention, they're so cute! Plain, but not boring. Very stylish in comparison to the current trend of ridiculous-colored running shoes. I'd definitely recommend and would order again.
B0073XIITC Pretty shoes They look and feel great. A lil stiff outta the box but that is expected. Just started running in em and love em just like my old Pumas.
B0073XIITC Cross trainer that fits like a glove I'm a runner with narrower feet who tends to have low back problems, and I have had so much trouble finding a cross trainer shoe that provides arch support and stability without being too clunky. No longer! These shoes are lightweight and hug to your feet, and with the hard plastic arch supports on the outside, your foot will firmly plant on the ground without rolling. At first, I thought the shoe might be too stiff in the toe box, but after a few minutes, the supple leather quality flexed with my foot. Great for brisk walking, elliptical, floor training, and even shooting a few hoops! I would not recommend them for running because they aren't designed for the needed level of forefoot cushioning, and the way they are designed wouldn't best support a proper midfoot strike. Really great shoes. I feel like they were made for my feet!
B0073XIITC perfect this beautiful shoes are jut perfect for running with little impact on the kneesi love them, it's like running on a cloud
B0073XIITC Not crosstraining shoes as the description and product title indicates These are running shoes and not cross training shoes as stated. When you receive the product it will clearly say running shoes on the labels.
B0073XIITC Puma Tazon Running Shoes I do like the shoes a lot. The only thing I have noticed is there is a squeak in the toe (I don't know why).  They are roomy, and comfortable, and have not rubbed any blisters (another good thing).
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Tazon 5 Running Shoe,Black/Puma Silver/Rose Violet,8.5 B US Disappointed in sizing. Loved the look of the shoes, but had to give them to my niece, as they were much smaller than brand I normally buy in the exact same size.
B0077C0KYA Recommended I really liked their manufacture super comfortable and great for jogging or running or feel footsteps as I loved all this shoe that i will buy another.
B007J4B1QM very comfortable the spikes at the bottom give an massage sliper feeling, better design the their prederssser.  Cant give it five stars as they are not your true running shoes like asic, more for everyday use and fashion.
B007MAYD2C Great I love the product, my doughter like this shoes because they are so comfortable and light she wants to wear them everyday to school. They can really hold the running around she does everyday.
B007PK5T0Y Great running shoes! Spikes are easy to install and remove. Shoe fits as expected and hugs the foot, giving good running support, and they are extremely light weight!
B007PK68MW So light and comfy! I was shocked because usually I have to 'break in' every new pair of shoes.  These are so comfortable that I was able to get outside and start running around in them right away!
B007PK68MW Running Shoes The shoes fit great and are so comfortable. This is the first pair of Pumas I have purchased, and I love them.
B007TH1UYC Amazing running shoes! These shoes are perfect for wearing without socks. I know that can get a little smelly, but I found it to be more comfortable. I probably got around 400 miles out of these shoes running on roads. These are honestly the best running shoes I've ever used. I just wish Puma would make them again...
B007USEG6E Great looking and feeling "special purpose" footwear. These shoes are light, comfortable, good fitting, and good looking.  But be aware that they have virtually no support and no heel.  The sole is thin and offers little protection.  They are not for long walks or running.  They are great for relaxing and around the house and yard and anything else you do that doesn't involve lots of walking or standing for long periods of time.  So I consider them great "special purpose" footwear.  I wear them often.
B007UTW59S Puma Runner These shoes are very comfortable and yet stylish.  I feel like I have a little more pep to my step.  Sizing is true.  I wear and 81/2 or 9 typically.  However, because this is a running shoe I chose 9 and it works perfect for me.  Love puma shoes and I always feel safe ordering their sizes online.
B008A6COO6 Great shoes Buy it half size larger. I will not use them for running if you are a serious runner, but it's great casual outfit.It's very easy to put on and take off.
B008A6JOWQ lightweight and comfortable Although I am not a runner, my work keeps me on my feet a lot and these running shoes provide great comfort and support.
B008A6JSFE puma shoes I love my puma they are great light, great for running, I recived the product very fast. look just like pic. . I would buy again from this seller
B008A6JSFE Great sneakers Love these Puma women's Asha cut out running shoe. They fit well, just right. Light, comfortable with plenty of support!
B008A6JWU0 Glove-like fit! Glove-like fit! Light weight and flexible. Comfortable to exercise in or running errands. Not a good arch support but better than flats.Side tie is different. Would buy again in other colors.
B008A6JZG6 HIt with the Kid! My daughter loves her new running show.  It fits like a glove, air vents are fantastic and light weight for a faster run.  She would wear them to the pool if she could.
B008A6KHRC Puma's Rock! I just love Puma shoes.  All the ones I own are low profile which make your feet look smaller.  This particular pair is very lightweight but the sole still provides plenty of cushion.  I purchased these for light treadmill running & also puchased some thin insoles & together they work perfectly for comfort.  The one negative is the shoe tongue tends to get bunched up when you put these shoes on - I guess it's because they are so lightweight & loose.  I actually have to untie them to put them on every time, rather than just slip them on without untieing.  It's not that big of a deal, I just can't be lazy when I want to wear these shoes.  Overall great shoe.
B008A6KTKC Great, supportive walking or running shoes Love these shoes. My first Pumas ever purchased! It took me a bit to break them in, but they are my go-to shoe now.
B008A6KTKC Super support, fabulous color. Fabulous color and even better support. Arch support and bottom cushion perfect. This is a perfect running or cross training shoe. Has held up to hundreds of hours of wear and tear and still looks like new.
B008A6KTKC Running shoes and Cross-training shoes are very different I needed a pair of cross trainers as I go between weight training and cardio for my workout routine. I got running shoes instead. That's what it says on the box. I need less flexibility in my sole and more support, my foot does not bend a lot during my workouts. Also the width is narrow. I wear a 7.5B and there is no room for a sock. I would order half size up.
B008A6KTKC Cute Shoes-but fit is kind of quirky. I love the color. But the fit is kind of quirky.  They seem to be running shoes and not cross trainers so I have to wear very thin socks to fit comfortably.  Kind of tight when i first put them on but after awhile they seemed to stretch and felt better.  Overall a good work out shoe for the gym.
B008A6KTKC great shoe! I use it for running and for everyday and fits great, and it was very comfortable right off the bat
B008A6KTKC Love them! These are the best running shoes I've ever had. They are so comfy and when I walk/jog it feels like I'm walking/jogging on clounds. I've received a lot of compliments! Fun colors! :)
B008A6KTKC great shoes I really like them, particularly the toungue or lack of it,actualy. They fit well and running in them is a pleasure.
B008A6KTKC These are not cross-training shoes! They are for running! PUMAs are one of my favorite shoes, and I was very excited to get these in Turquoise.  However, they were returned as they are a running shoe, not a cross-training shoe. The box says running shoe, and if you look them up online, they are labeled a running shoe as well.  The description on Amazon says cross-training and I mentioned that in my reason for returning them but it looks like they are still mislabeled.Gorgeous shoe and if you need them for running, I'm sure they're fantastic!
B008A6KTKC Great Shoes I would recommend these shoes to anyone who works on their feet a lot or is walking/running!  I wear mine without socks now that summer is here with no problems!  I recently started walking/running and I wear these shoes with no problem!  Just a great tennis shoe!!  Getting ready to order another pair in a different color!
B008A6KTKC Heavy running shoes I was looking for something light and comfortable. But these running are not. However I like the design and color.
B008A6KTKC Fantastic Shoes I really like these shoes, they are comfortable and flexible. The only complaint is they are a bit heavy but once on I do not feel it as much. My last running shoes were Nike Frees so it has been an adjustment. Overall they are great and my feet feel wonderful after a long run or cross-training!
B008A6KTKC perfect for gym, running & walking I was worried after I ordered these because I had seen several reviews stating that the shoes were too narrow and squished the toes. However,  when I got them in size 9.5, they fit perfectly.  I have used them in body pump and for a little running and so far,  so good!
B008A6KTKC great for crosstraining I bought these for my boxing class, which has a lot of other exercises too (akin to cross-fit) that involve running, shuffling and jumping, etc. I was just using old running shoes, but they were terrible. I have only used thses a few times so far, but so far they have not disappointed! I was expecting (and hoping for) them to be a bit more lightweight like other Puma shoes, but they definitely have some weight to them. As other reviewers have said, they have kind of a weird tongue, but I actually really like it -- it doensn't slip at all! I said that they fit as expected; other said they fit tight, but I have very narrow long feet, and they fit great. The heel does slip a bit, I've almost come out of them a few times. That is a little annoying.
B008A6KTKC best running shoes yet These are so comfortable and great. I will buy more.  These are by far the best running shoes I have bought.
B008A6KTKC love this running shoe!! Not only are they comfortable...theyre stylish...i got them in 3 colors..they give your feet support but the mesh in the front gives your toes room so they wont feel crammed.true to size.
B008A6KTKC Very comfortable I have been buying Puma sneakers for a long time. They are stylish, very comfortable and run true to size.  I use them for running and cross training.  The color is bright but it will be good for spring and summer.
B008A6KTKC It felt like I was walking in a wooden box. I've been running for 20 years; this is the worst pair of suppose running shoes I've ever tried on. Even if one is walker or runner these shoes are not for running- at all
B008A6KTKC Great Sneaker I recently began working out, after rehabbing a fractured ankle and after buying two other shoes the third one was the charm, this is a comfortable, light weight running shoe, not to mention they are super sleek and sexy!!!
B008A6KTKC Great color and look Great looking running shoes but not as confortable as other ones I've purchased in the past. This was my first Puma shoe.
B008A6KTKC PUMA's for life! I needed a new pair of shoes to train for a triathlon (my first).  I am so happy with this purchase that they will be my go to running shoe for now on!  Straight out of the box not a single problem - No toe pinching, heal rub, discomfort, etc.  And they are cute!
B008A6KTKC amazing. love them. I love these running shoes! They are so comfortable.  They have mesh like material ontop four breathing room so your feet some get to hot while running.  Super comfy.
B008A6KTKC GREAT Great pair of shoes I get tons of compliments every tlme I wear these. Comfortable running or just hanging out. Puma quality all the way!
B008A6KTKC This shoe is great for Zumba, U-Jam classes! I also use it in kickboxing.  It's a snug fit - you have to wear very thin socks, but the support for me is great!  I really noticed the difference while on the Bosu ball.  My balance is so much better with this shoe.  I had always just worn running shoes or some dance sneakers to class, but these really make a difference!
B008A6KTKC workout  shoes The shoes are nice but fit a little small.  they're good for working out but not running.  I use them for T25 and they work great!!
B008AILF9Y Just what I expected from foam shoe ProsVery light and comfortable when running and walking .ConsGreen paint started to come off in first week
B008AKOFGW great shoes get you some if you want a light pair of shoes for running or biking. Awesome ! great fit and comfortable.
B008AL33QE Love these shoes Not only do these shoes look great, they fit like I believe a size 10 should fit, and they are comfortable.  If you are looking for a running shoe or a shoe to work out in then look elsewhere. In my opinion these shoes are for casual wear. I now own two pairs and I will own more.
B008AWUB54 Great everyday shoe or low profile running shoe. I love wearing lower profile shoes and find it makes me better at barefoot running.  I wear them constantly they are my favorite shoes for the gym and to wear with jeans.
B008AXTOQ0 :) nice running shoe Nice novice running shoe.  Will buy another pair if needed.  Nice fit.  Color is good for running in dim lighting like evening and early morning.  So far so good.  Only been running in them for two weeks but I am pleased with my purchase.
B008AXTOQ0 I run for very long time in this shoe. It is great running shoe. And was great time running. Hello. My son bought me these shoes saying &#34;papa you should run more&#34;. I rip paper off box, and see a big puma on box and get very excited. When I slip these shoes onto my feet, I get jitters running up and down my legs! It is like, a surge of energy and excitedness that makes me want to run. I run to the mail box and back. I run to the supermarket and back. I love running in these shoes. I found a bunch of people running in an oval and ran with them. Some ran fast some ran slow. I ran with them and talked about how great it felt to run. I ran home and ran to the bedroom. Now my wife says I run too much, and I should walk more. especially inside the house. What is a man to do?!? My wife wants water? I run to fridge get ice and fill it with water. I then run back to bed. These make running great for everyday activities. I love these shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe Perfect walking/running shoe!  Comfortable and bright for safety! I bought these 1/2 size bigger than other shoes and they fit perfect for running!
B008AXTOQ0 very comfortable these shoes are extremely comfortable and well suited for running long distances. with sprints and up hill runs, the heel can feel a little loose but tolerable. my brooks are sill number one choice for running but these puma are a close second.
B008AXTOQ0 Sizes are smaller by 1 size I usually wear my shoes a size too big beacuse its more comfortable on my odd shaped feet. I just tie the laces tighter and it works out. I was surprised when I got the shoes because they were very snug, so it took a while for them to stop blistering my feet when running. After the first 4 or 5 miles, they're awesome.
B008AXTOQ0 NIce shoes, and very comfortable at running time :) These shoes are pretty good for my running times. They are like gloves for my feet and fell like a cloud when i run. I love this shoes, i could improve my runnin' time when i tried 'em for the first time. You shoud use thin socks or no socks when u run to get a more comfortable experience and better enhacement on training time.
B008AXTOQ0 Great looking, very comfortable, but a slightly weak heel weld I bought these shoes having never tried them on, but my risk has paid off. Not only are they great looking, but they are very comfortable. I use them for cross training, so I can't comment about any distance running, but they do provide good support for my training needs. My only complaint is about the heel support. I have have slight overpronation on my right side, and these shoes don't give me a super tight heel weld. It's a minor complaint, but I think it would be more impactful for distance runners. My bottom line is that I am very satisfied with these shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Blue shoelaces I was disappointed that the shoelaces were blue. Otherwise they look awesome and fit perfectly! Great for running and lifting weights.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Running shoe too small All my running shoes that I have purchased are 9.5.  The Puma running shoes were too small.  Perhaps people should go up half a size when purchasing running shoes.  I have ordered a size 10.  We shall see if they meet my expectations when running, stay tuned!
B008AXTOQ0 Not good for running I bought this shoes as a replacement for my other running shoes. However, the band of the shoes that is supposed to fit by the ankle was making my feet to slide out instead of wrapping it up. It is fit as expected but so far I found this shoes not good for running. The appearance however, is nice and it is good to match any jeans for casual going out.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Running Shoe Volatic 4M Excelent choice. Nice fit. Very confortable for long walks or running as well. The size is pretty accurate. The only thing is that the tip of the shoe gets marked and dirty very easy.
B008AXTOQ0 Great product Especial shoes for running or cross training.  Great color, comfortable, normally I'm 12 in puma it's 13 one size more
B008AXTOQ0 most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. Extremely comfortable shoe! Feels like a sock. I use mostly for cycling since theu have a rather non aggressive tread but have run in them too on a treadmill.  I would recommend better tread for outdoor running.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice and Goodlooking running shoes So far so good, although it seems more a fashion shoes than a running shoe, i will use this for street run and keep the old ones adidas for mountain climb.
B008AXTOQ0 I like these shoes. These running shoes are great. They work good and look good.  When purchasing order one size up from your current size. I'm thinking about getting me a second pair.
B008AXTOQ0 A little disappointment... The shoe is fairly light but to me appears wide when I wear it.It fits snug which I like and does appear to accurate sizing. I wear a 10.5 and ordered it too.It has good arch support.As for running... the shoe is not a breathable as I would like. I expected the fabric across the toe to be breathable but I find my feet getting hot. I think they do well outdoors as the weather is still cool but it's not what I expected. I still plan on keeping them as I do love the style.The description says "tongueFabric liningRemovable" but I do not see any way to remove it!~Update: April 26 - Still going strong. I still wish the liner is removable as I do find my feet getting hot while running
B008AXTOQ0 Looks much better than the pictures... Really love this shoes. Comfortable to wear and light. Yes, it's a jungle out there for Running shoes, too many variaties, but this shoes fulfill my needs.
B008AXTOQ0 Is it a running or cross trainer? When i bought them Amazon listed them as cross trainers.  A week later, as running shoes.  Dont know.  Anyway they do run small so go a full size larger.  They look good but the sock tongue takes getting used to a bit.
B008AXTOQ0 I love these shoes They fit very well, quality shoe, and look awesome.  I liked them so much I purchased a second pair in different colors.  With that said, they are a little heavy for running shoes, and they are not my first choice for runs.  But they are the perfect jeans and tshirt shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Voltaic 4 Men's cross-training OKAY Yes, I know i'm not a verified buyer from Amazon. However, I ordered these from zappos. Which were relatively cheaper. I paid three dollars extra at zappos just for regular shipping. Amazon had free shipping but it was going to take over a week to even prepare. Anyways, back to the shoe. I am a 10.5 feet guy. I went ahead and ordered a 10.5. When they arrived they looked nice for sure. But as many people have stated, it can be a bit snug. Not necessarily tight. My feet are not wide and fit as expected. I am so used to wearing wide shoes in the past. Having introducing PUMA's Voltaic for sure has made a new impact on my feet. I think I might update you on later on. As its very common for new shoes to feel like "new" /snug. So hopefully my feet adjust overtime. I went walking with them for about a mile. Was still snug but felt comfortable. Then I began to run for three miles and then this is when my feet got beat up. It got sore right about the forth mile and my feet were burning. So I had to call it a day. Obviously, this was made for cross-training not sure if for running too. But it is what it is. There still nice shoes. However, be aware whatever size you are it is snug on your feet mainly towards your toes. The heel was painless. The front is where the problem is in the shoe. So if your serious about maybe running or jogging, look elsewhere. If you can take the pain and just love this particular shoe, then go for it. In the meantime I will have to take a break from running now over this new shoes. I got traction blister over this. My other shoes, Adidas did not give me this problem. Oh well..Look: 9/10Comfort for walking: 9/10Comfort for cross-fit/ running: 3/10Lookwise A+, Walking to the store A+..Intense workout F, running miles: F.. cross-training: D
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe, but just ok for running Running isn't as great with these shoes as others I've tried in the past.  The style of the shoe is great though, but I wish they felt lighter when running.
B008AXTOQ0 Great for the gym, ok for running I am 5'9 and 200lbs. I train usually twice a day, cardio/Xfit in the AM and weights in the PM. Too much running is hard on my knees/hips. I usually alternate shoes daily and switch between running and something low impact.I have D/E width for my foot. These shoes fit, but are snug with respect to width. My foot isn't spilling over the side of the shoes, but I was expecting a little wider. They may strech out as I have only used them 3 times.I normally wear Asics and found these to be slightly heavier. They are ok for 5 kms (or 20-30 mins) but I wouldn't do 10kms + in them.I also noticed that the heel rubs. I suspect the &#34;no tounge&#34; technology has something to do with it. I did not get any blisters, but have only ran 30 mins tops with them (tightening the laces didn't help-it only applies more pressure on the top/arch of my foot).They have medium cushion and great insoles. Although it appears there isn't much in the fore foot it is actually hidden by the design.They appear to be well built and very good torsion construction (i.e. the sole is ridged left/right, but flexable front/back).I really like the design and they are even better looking in reality. Much of this purchase was driven by the fact that I wanted a pair of red running shoes (my unit colours) as oppose to a high tech 10-20km running shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Excellent All 'Round Perfect running shoe: starting with the attached tongue (it's annoying how the tongue slides to the side on all my other running & dress shoes), lightweight & comfy, great price, funky color scheme that gets noticed & complemented.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma running shoes These running shoes are very comfortable and light weight. The type of material it's made with helps keep your feet cool.
B008AXTOQ0 Not for running nice shoe but not for running, just to prob work out at the gym... . . .But still loves puma
B008AXTOQ0 Great running shoe I love this style and will probably buy several different color schemes. They are reinforced in the right places and padded for dynamic workouts.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Running Shoe I ordered a 10.5 - because different running shoes fit differently. These are very comfortable and feel great on linear runs. I use mine in the gym, they are not cement tested. The only thing about them to note is that: 1) they are a little lower than I expected around the ankle, affecting perceived support; and 2) there is no way to tighten that area specifically. Still, I give them an overall 5/5.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes Great shoes! Just bought my second pair. Not to expensive and look good. Snug fit but really comfortable and good for running or just casually wearing
B008AXTOQ0 Bad bad shoes As a running shoes is too hard and heavy. My feet is feeling captured in prison. The clothe is looked light, but it is not. It is very heavy. I feel its back is very thick and and its bottom and side stiff.
B008AXTOQ0 Best running shoes! Best running shoes I've ever used! Great support and they don't make my feet hurt or cramp!They look amazing as well, I've never received more compliments on shoes!They definitely form to your feet in only a couple wears. Great durability and quality.100% recommend.
B008AXTOQ0 Great fit right out of the box Put them on and started running, no break-in period needed. Oh and they look awesome. Multiple colors to choose from.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoes Haven't used them too much, but besides that they look great and feel comfortable. Bought them just to get my girlfriend off my back about not having any running shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Very Good. Gift for my son. Puma's voltaic 4 running shoe it's great. He love it and also his collegues asked to get a similar product.
B008AXTOQ0 Great brand, worth every penny. These shoes are great! I have odd sized feet, they are a little wide, and Puma shoes are about the only running shoes that will fit. When I first wore them, they were a little tight, but once I broke the shoe in they are just what I need. Very high quality material with a fresh look. I would suggest them to anyone!
B008AXTOQ0 Good for the price The shoes fit well, the cushioning is average, and they feel heavier after coming from Adidas Zero running shoes.  Overall not bad considering the price.
B008AXTOQ0 Very good for running I really enjoy these running shoes, only downside is if you don't tie the laces properly the shoe can come off unexpectedly (only happened while doing mountain-climbers, while running no issues at all)
B008AXTOQ0 Never wore Puma before these, definitely sticking with them now, though. Awesome shoes Luckily I read the other reviews and ordered half a size bigger than my normal, so these fit perfect. This series doesn't have a tongue which is awesome, i always hate when the tongue bunches up under the laces and the lack of a tongue helps these shoes feel very form fitted. They're so snug and cushioned i just like wearing them around the house even when I'm not running.This is my first pair of pumas, I normally wear New Balances and Vibram FiveFingers, both of those are good but I like standing out a little and I saw a pair of pumas in a store and tried them on and loved them.Like I said; they're very cushioned and well fitted but with a good sturdy build on the bottom, I got the mesh style and like it, it's breathable in the toe how I like without being soft like most mesh shoes I've tried out. The arch is low, good for my feet personally, but wide which is nice. I have a pair of cross country New Balances and the arch is so narrow i feel like half of my mid foot is constantly sliding off the side, but not with these shoes. They have a good heel too, it uses Pumas gel technology I don't know much about it but it's a good soft feeling while I'm running. The only downside I would wish differently would be the grip, there's not any really its very flat, which is fine for running itself but I was originally looking for a cross training shoe I could use for multiple conditions but after wearing them around the store I just fell in love with them and got on amazon to find them in the color I wanted.
B008AXTOQ0 awesome running shoes these shoes are really comfortable. they dont have a tongue, so i never have to reach down to readjust them.  they fit as expected and are great for running.
B008AXW9PI Fits perfect! These shoes fit perfectly! They were comfortable and my nephew loved the neon colors! They were true to size and were perfect for running track!
B008AXWA8O PUMA Men's Cell Oliz 2 Running Shoe These shoes look good and are really durable but they have a weird fit to them. They fit great every where but the top where the ankle is; they are loose in that area. If you want them for style or durability get them. But if you're looking for a good workout or running shoe, these may not be the pair.
B008AXY38Y Awesome These pumas are great running shoes!! Great support, light weight, and extremely comfortable! I would definitely recomend this to a friend.
B008AXY38Y Puma cell Have been using puma cell training shoes for years. And as expected this is no excepteion. Great pair for running
B008AXY38Y Surprisingly a good running shoe! I would consider myself a middle distance runner.  I run probably 20 miles per week.  When I first started I could not find shoes in a regular shoe store that supported my feet well.  I went to a running store and got fitted and found the perfect shoe for my feet.  For the past 4 years that brand and style is all I've worn to run in.  With that background provided here's my review of this Puma shoe.  I only bought them because the store had a BOGO half off sale on them.  I was just looking for some shoes to lift weights in at the gym.  I tried on several shoes and was disappointed as usual with running shoes from regular shoe store.  But when I tried on these shoes my foot felt perfectly stable and supported.  Let it be known I have over-pronation, low arch, and wide feet.  These shoes felt so comfortable on my feet I decided to give them a run and they felt just as good as my more expensive usual pair.  So currently I've only put about 9 miles on them.  We'll see if they hold up as I pile on more and more mileage.
B008AZD5ZE Great Puma Puma Men's Braca are amazing Running Shoes, Was a gift for my husband and he loves it. Sure, I recomended. Thanks.
B008AZD5ZE Great Shoes Shoes arrived on time, quality is good and fit as sized.  Shoe is nice looking, light and seems to be good shoe for intended use of running. Great buy!
B008AZD5ZE lightweight and great feel These shoes have been great for my purpose.  I use them as a trainer shoe on pavement and some grass.  When they first arrived i thought they were very cheap and would tear up easily.  Instead, they are actually pretty durable, and surprisingly water resistant. They're not minimalist shoes by any means, but are very light and offer quite substantial heel padding for running on concrete/asphalt.  I'll probably buy a second pair or the replacement when these finally wear out.fits like any PUMA... most of my shoes are PUMA US 11.  wear a 11.5 in Nike.
B008AZD5ZE Excellent Running Shoes I've recently begun running on a regular basis, and realized my fee and legs were in serious pain after a couple days.  I needed new shoes desperately.  While my wife says Asics are the way to go for top of the line running shoes I didn't want to spend $100 - $150 for shoes.  These are great middle of the road (as far as price) running shoes.Compared to what I'd been wearing these were like walking on clouds as soon as I put them on.  Be warned they run a little small. I wear 12-13 typically, and have had three other pairs of Pumas that fit me in those sizes, but had to return my 13s in these for 14s.  My suggestion is to go one size bigger than your normal size if ordering online.
B008AZD5ZE very comfortable and stylish. no ventilation but aren't thick so they don't make your feet too hot. Ive been running in them for weeks and they are still more comfortable than most high priced shoes Ive had. no need for sole inserts. nice grip as well.
B008AZD5ZE great comfortable shoes shoes look great and feel awesome. I have used them for running on the treadmill and they feel amazing light weight. Only caution before you buy is that they get dirty easily and are no so easy to clean if you run on outside trails
B008AZG59W Sweet Sneakers! They fit as sized online and look as the picture shows. They are comfortable and seem to last a while. Comfortable for running.
B008AZG59W PUMA Men's Radius Running Shoe I purchased this item to have better support and comfort feeling on my feet and I am experiencing it as I expected.
B008AZG59W Wasn't sure what to expect. I bought this show based on review feedback. I do not consider myself a runner.  I have limiited time to burn calories and this is the most convenient way to do that in my present life.  I run about 6-10 miles 3 days/week and lift weights 2 days/week. I have based my decisions soley on comfort in the past, because I don't know what other factors play into a good performance shoe.The shoe fits as expected length and width. It is lightweight. The look is nice. The soles did not seem to provide much give or cushion. The heel seems a little narrower than I'm used to.  I don't know what effect that will have.I decided to wear them around the house for a couple of hours to break them in and still was no especially fond of their comfort. I then decided to run a couple miles on a treadmill.  Still not much of a change.I only know if something feels good it is probably right. Maybe comfort does not = good in all cases.  Maybe there is new criteria in what makes a running shoe perform well for you, and in that case soft and cushion like may not be what is needed. Maybe this is exactly what I need in a running shoe, but am not aware of it yet. Maybe it need a more rigid sole to provide protection to arches and aid in the mechanics of running.I Hope this is helpful to some of you. I also welcome feedback on what I should look for in a running shoe so that I will know in the future. My gut keeps telling me something have to be bought in person, and get what is comfortable.Since they are not necessarily uncomfortable, I am going to keep them and see if there is improvement in either the comfort of the shoe or if there is a noticable difference in how my body feels after running as a result of the shoe. It could be a blessing in disguise.
B008AZG59W My choice brand I have tried other brands but the only shoes that would buy for running driving hiking would be only Puma
B008AZG59W Best all-around running shoe for me I run about 20 miles a week in a variety of conditions. I also am a bit of a sneaker/running shoe freak and own about 50 pairs. I can honestly state that these are my absolute favorite. As a result, I end up wearing many of my other shoes in casual settings but use my Puma Radius when I want to run a great time. Here's why:- Extremely comfortable. Seems to have just the right about of padding (not minimalist but not bulky) to make my feet happy.- Very breathable. Even in 90+ degrees, my feet don't feel stuffed up.- Incredibly durable. My Radius has been through about 100 miles and the only wear and tear visible are a few loose strings on the stripe.- Versatile usage. I can wear these in all temperatures and road conditions. I actually feel more comfortable in these than any of my trail shoes.- Good design. Looks nice with high socks, low socks, calf sleeves, etc. Also looks nice while wearing jeans or other casual wear.Overall, I love these. This includes all the other Pumas that I have as well. I plan on buying several more colors and hope Puma continues to make this version of the Radius for a few more years.
B008AZG59W Great show for the price. These aren't going to make me fly and aren't the most comfortable shoes that I've ever worn, but for the price, the are a great running shoe.
B008AZG59W Comfortable and good fit Comfortable shoes, fits as expected and feels great when running. I'm sure there are pricier shoes that are better, but for the cost these are great.
B008AZLCBI Excellent shoes! These running shoes are excellent! They fit comfortably and doesn't give me any problems when I'm at the gym! !
B008AZLCBI Excellent Shoes All I can say is that this running shoes, look great, feel good and the price is right. Love them, just make sure you order yours a half size larger. Puma tends to make shoes smaller the other brands.
B008BXRZ9W Even cuter in person. Adorable and great quality.  Also easy to get on and off, but stay put on a running toddler!  Totally worth it!
B008EXQBU8 The best The best running shoes I' have by in a long while time I' will by The shoes again.  Two more
B008EXQTBO PUMA Running shoe I am constantly looking for great running shoes...This one doesn't disappoint! ....love the color and fit! Kudos to the creators!
B008F06A5Q amazing! i bought this pair of shoes as a gift for a friend's birthday...she absolutely loved them, the style, material, feel and look of the shoes.they are light, fit very comfortably and look sooo cool! my friend is a size 7.5 but i got her an 8 because she has really long toes plus the shoes are for running and feet tend to swallow when running or if it's too hot, she is super happy and so am i!totally recommend them, will be buying a pair for myself soon...
B008F06A5Q Comfortable Very comfortable, quick delivery. I have been running in it since i got it. My shin splints are more or less non-existent now
B008F06A5Q great Love these puma running shoes, they are a little bright but other than that they are awesome. I would highly recommend them.
B008F06A5Q Love these shoes! I am in love with these shoes. They fit as expected. I am currently pregnant and not running, but these shoes give me comfort and support. I work on my feet all day as a PE teacher. Not only do they feel good on my feet they are super cute and go with most of my outfits. I would recommend to anyone. Great brand!
B008F06A5Q I love it! These shoes are great. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable for running. I totally recomend them! Besides, the colors are amazing
B008F06KB0 ok if you're looking for dress shoes shiny plastic with ribbons for laces (not my style when running errands)ran large was loose around the toesI didn't like them, but they were ok built
B008F06KB0 Running shoe The show is very pretty it doesn't have much support but my granddaughter loves the colors in the shoeok
B008F06T0W 10/10 recommend These are PERFECT running shoes.  It took me all of two minutes to break them in, they fit like a glove, and they're so much better than all Reebok's and Nike's that I've had in the past.  I will definitely be purchasing Puma's from here on out.
B008F06T0W Great fit for my fairly wide feet I have trouble finding shoes that fit me since my feet are a little wide (probably a C/D instead of a B). I had been buying Nike shoes but I always had to go up a half to a full size to make room for my feet. Recently, I used a shoe finder on a running website to identify shoes that would work best for my foot size and gait and the Faas 500 was one of the results. It fits perfectly and the colors are really cute! I'm difficult to please when it comes to running shoe design, but these are really great.
B008F06T0W Great Purchase The shoes are perfect in width (for a slightly wider foot) and comfortable. They are very comfortable as an everyday shoe for walking and exercise, I just wish they had more of a cushion for long distance running. The Puma's a currently own seem to have better padding for impact.
B008F06T0W Suitable! Very cute shoe. Comfy. I do need a tad bit more cushion. I'm a stay-at-home mom with 3 little ones age 5,3,and 8months (crawling). So these shoes are perfect for running around with them and running around town.
B008F06T0W Correction for Over Pronation Perfect for my feet since I over pronate. Padding is amazing. Initially ordered for walking but has now become my running shoe.
B008F06T0W Love this shoe! I was looking for another Puma that was as lightweight as my current Puma's, and this one is perfect!  I love running in these as it's like running on air.  I also love the colors and design.  I thought these might run small like the pair I bought a year ago, but that was not the case -- they are true to size.
B008F06T0W comfy Love them...veryyyy comfy, colours are awesome and fits very neat and perfect..excellent for running & wearing around the house everyday
B008F0KUOS puma shoes rock Comfortable shoe for the running that I'mDoing can use at the track or on the streetsGreat all around shoe
B008F0KUOS puma nut I have and have had 50+ pairs of Pumas over the years and had the faas 500 for a couple of years prior to buying these. Nice , light weight shoe but it is the only size 12 I have that seems a bit snug and not sure why. They are great shoes for light runs, not too much cushion so i dont think they are for long runs on concrete but on treadmill they are great. My previous pair is a bit flat after a good three years of running , working out etc. tough to beat for price.
B008F0LPDS Love Them! They run a bit small, but I really like them and they are very comfortable.I can wear them anytime.I don't use them for running, but just for kicking around.
B008F0O0S0 Great lightweight shoes Really sharp looking shoes! Fit great and lightweight running shoes. Big Puma shoes fan for years and these are first running shoes I've bought from them .
B008F17R2K Too Small Got these because I wanted to start a running routine.  I work out at home on a regular basis but had yet to implement running as part of my routine because I lacked the correct shoes for it.  Bought these on a whim because of the lightning sale they had.  I had never bough shoes online before but they seemed to have a pretty good deal to pass up. I was worried about the size since I wouldn't be able to try on first and other reviews had mentioned they run small as well but hoped mine would fit as expected. They did not.  I've been a US Men's 9 for a long time now but these were much too tight.  Probably a 10 would have fit properly had I decided to replace them but I did not.  They look cool and are super light but the material feels very cheap. Especially for what are supposedly $100 shoes to begin with.  Now again, I have absolutely no experience with running shoes since I've never actually own a pair of shoes designed specifically for running.  So maybe that's just how they are supposed to feel. They just felt like the sides would tear open pretty easily.
B008F17R2K Amazing!!! The best shoes I've owned by far! The Puma BioWeb Elite Running shoes are insanely comfortable and are very cool looking :) I am definitely a Puma fan now!
B008F17R2K Running shoes. I bought them to have when I do my daily walk And I am still breaking them in. They are already feeling good when you walk.
B008F17R2K Comfortable but very delicate Bought these shoes about a month and a half ago and they are very comfortable. I bought them to run in and planned to use them for an upcoming half marathon. However, after about 3-4 weeks of running in them (about 2-3 times a week) the outside layer on the front sides of the left shoe tore (photo: http://twitter.yfrog.com/j26xjujj?sa=0). I have to say, I'm pretty disappointed with that. I would probably not recommend this for runners.
B008F17R2K Cheap material Bought this pair about a month ago and they are very comfortable. but after few times running on treadmill the outside layer on the front sides of the right shoe tore....Not recommend for runners.
B008F17R2K Not Bad This is an extremely comfortable shoe. I recently had to transition from running to walking after surgery :(these are great for that purpose. The only issue I have is the materials look cheap like a knock off not worthy of the brand. So just 3 stars this time around...
B008F17R2K awsome shoes the best running shoes ive ever owned. i have had previouse puma models andcthey just keep getting better. great support, light wieght. comfy and cool.
B008F17R2K Great for the price, not sure if I would use as a dedicated running shoe. I'm bought this shoe for casual uses, got it at a great price so it was worth every penny.  I probably wouldn't use this as my go to running shoe, but it might work OK for some.  Size does run a little small, but I knew this.  I am a size 10 and ordered a 10.5, and I have narrower feet than average and these shoes fit perfect.
B008F17R2K perfect I needed them for work not running and they are really comfortable.  Great use of bright colors but not overdone.  Great value!!!!
B008F17R2K BioWeb Elite Running Shoe is very comfortable These shoes are lightweight, comfortable and feel like they wrap your foot.  Love running in them.  Very good value for the price paid.
B008F17R2K Great Shoes These Puma's have become my go to running shoe. I run at least thirty mules a week, and these are comfortable, stylish and a good price. I will probably be purchasing more. They have good support and are not too heavy, and not too light, like a minimus shoe. Good for running or just for every day wear.
B008F17R2K Great pair of running shoes, but narrow and questionable durability I needed a new pair of running shoes and right on schedule Amazon had a great deal on these guys. I immediately bought a pair after reading some reviews. I can say that I have run in these once every other day since I got them 2 months ago, and they are a fine pair of running shoes. They run on the more narrow side and though my foot still fits my size, they do feel quite tight around my feet, and they really do seem like they are made out of some cheap plastic on the outer casing, but I have yet to have any durability issues with them. I will of course update if this changes. The other thing to note is the back of the shoes is very high up and the plastic extends to the rim, so if you do not wear socks that cover your ankles plus a little bit, it WILL wear down the back of your ankles. I had to bandage mine after a run wearing athletic socks that cut off at normal shoeline, though this probably could have been avoided if I was less stubborn and went home instead of finishing out my run. All in all, I am quite a fan of these shoes so far. Oh also, they really do look quite cool.
B008F17R2K worst shoe ever i've been running for 25yrs,bought all types of shoes,but never experienced this much pain in my life!I must have received a defective pair,I can't imagine anyone buying these shoes without negativity.someone owes my feet an apology!!
B008F17R2K Firm support and comfortable, very comfortable running shoes I had no idea this brand of shoes could be so comfortable. They have excellent support and provide comfort for the balls of my feet when running.
B008F17R2K Great walking & running shoe Bear in mind, I am not a hard core runner, but a beginner.Here's what I like:  nice shock absorption - they really feel great whenever I walk/run in them, especially in the heel.  They look GREAT, color wise.  However, I have a long foot, size 14.  They tend to make my foot look even longer, though.Here's what I don't like:  they are a tiny bit heavier than I expected.  Still, they weigh a combine 1.6 pounds.  Considering how big the size is, that's not too bad.
B008F17R2K Great for the price! These shoes fit surprisingly well. For the price I paid, they work quite well and actually look really cool. They do take some time to get broken in, but so far are holding up very well. If you are not looking for something super high-end and don't want to spend a lot of money on a running shoe, this is a great route to go. As far as the reviews about size---I would recommend going with the same size of your previous pair of running shoes if you have any, not your regular shoe size. It worked for me.
B008F17R2K not worth it The sole has very little cushion. When running on concrete the bottom of the shoe feels like it has too much plastic and its very uncomfortable. This is my only bad experience with puma shoes
B008F17R2K Not my recommendation of running shoes. So my freshman year of high school I decided I don't like being fat so I started running. I went from 250 down to 145. Took me about a year, and I maintained my weight all through high school and after. I'm 22 now and had the same pair of running shoes the entire time which were asics. And they were perfect. But 7 years of running in them almost every day obviously tore the shiz out of them and they were falling apart, Decided I need new shoes, but they were like 80 bucks so I figured since I'm an experienced runner i could go for a cheaper less popular shoe. I tried these, and as some have said they do look kinda cheap, and the bottom blue part is shiny plastic. But I don't hate the way they look. but they are not good for running, pretty stiff and its truly like running on a plastic slab. Im use to ankle socks and have always warn them but the heel on these seem to come up higher in the back and give me bad blisters. I also stand for long hours at work and they hurt my feet after 4 or five hours. Probably the most frustrating thing is the stupid tongue and heel being so flimsy. I'm used to just slipping my shoes on and busting out the door but these suckers just sink all the way down with my foot so I have to pull them back out with my finger each time or untie the shoe and put them on that way, but who unties their shoes every time they use them? anyways, I think they look kinda cool and I've gotten compliments on them but they aren't well made for runners. I've had them a few months but now I got sketchers go run 2 and they are super light and are doing the trick. I'd get Asics but they are just so expensive dag gum it!
B008F17R2K Nice running shoe Although it does feel a bit more tight than it should, It's probably one of the best running shoes I've ever purchased. It's form makes running feel smooth and takes the pressure off my knees and heels since I have flat feet. Got a pretty good run-time for these so when I wear these out, I'll be purchasing another pair.
B008F17R2K cool running shoe The shoes looks cool I love it.  Only thay look a little fragile for constant use. Thay are super comfort.  Perfect price
B008F17R2K Good looking shoe nice style but not much sole on them The &iacute;tem met my expectations regarding style, comfort and price. The size runs smaller than usual, i bought mine 8.5 but in my opinion there like 8. I would recomend the &iacute;tem for someone who is looking for a stylish running shoe to be used on grass or turf, but if they are going to be used to run on Street or rough terrain consider the sole will run out quilkly. I give it 3 stars because of the size situation and also because i used them to run 10k's just for 2 months, after that i was running practically on plastic.
B008F17R2K A Perfect fit I absolutely love  these new puma running shoes. very comfortable. and A perfect fit. I went up from my normal size 9 to a 9.5 and its just right. These are  best running shoes I have every owned.
B008F17R2K Light weight and comfy These are my first puma running sneakers I've used but have always been a fan of the low top suede classics.  These shoes are light and comfortable so far. Hope fully they can stand the wear and tear of OC races.
B008F17R2K Good workout shoe I got this shoe on an Amazon deal and wore it out. The black looks great, it feels great - it is not a good running shoe by any standard that I hold for running shoes, but for working out and for general wear it is great.I would buy these again in a heartbeat.
B008F17R2K Perfect for running! To be fair, I've never worn running shoes in my life before. However, in an effort to run more often and attempt a half marathon, I  tried these out.  These shoes are great! There's a very good bounce to them and they actually look as good as they feel. The construction on top of the shoes where the webbing is feels slightly cheap, but it does keep the shoes light!
B008F17R2K Blisters on my heels Shoe is nice, but not comfortable in the heel of the feet.  In the first week of use on the elliptical machine, not even running, I got blisters on the heels of both my feet.  I have flat feet, normally puma fit well on me, but not this time.
B008F17R2K Feels great I haven't actually worn these running yet, but I tested the fit and comfort level. Both 10/10. They seem to be very well made.
B008F17R2K Love them! My husband loves these shoes!  They were true to size and he felt like he was walking on a gel cushion.  He got these for CrossFit because of the running and jumping and wanted something to support his feet- so far, so good!
B008F17R2K Wow ... Amazing Shoes ... It was an Gold Box special for ~$55.Put them on and were a little tight, I have wide feet, but went for a run and it was like running on tiny trampolines ... just amazing.Had a pair of Puma's before and was very happy with them so tried these ... these are even better, may even get me to run enough to loose a few pounds.Hope they will hold up ... extremely light weight! If you can get for &lt;$60 give them a try!
B008F17R2K So breathable and comfortable I wear these to work - not to run.  Although as a nurse I often feel like I am running.  I usually choose running shoes for work because they tend to be supportive, light and I prefer the look. These Puma meet all of those criteria.  Plus, they are the most ventilated shoe I have owned.  I first noticed how ventilated when I was in the grocery store and opened the cooler door in the frozen food section and immediately felt it on my feet while wearing my BioWebs.I bought a half size bigger than my usual Nike and Sketcher size after reading reviews and was glad I did.  They do run a bit small - but not that much.
B008F17R2K Saaweet!!! One of the best running shoes I have ever worn.  Excellent job in putting strength, comfort, and light weight into a shoe!
B008F17R2K WOW Great flex and support. Running heel-toe is great. Running on toes is good. Overall arch support and tight, but comfortable fit. Also great value compared to the store prices. Highly recommended as long as you are sure you are ordering the correct size.
B008F17R2K Very comfortable running shoe Very pleased to have a snug heel cup.The shoe fits the form of my foot fine. I am not a fan of loose fitting running shoes. Too soon to tell longevity of shoes (the adhesive durability of sole ). stunning design and color scheme. I would recommend this product.Nice touch the product arrives with a re-useable tote bag for shopping.
B008F17R2K Good, strong shoe for lifts But it's kinda uncomfortable to run in them. The heel is huge, which I don't like on running shoes.  However, it provides a strong foundation for lifting.
B008F17R2K Too hard for track running I tried it on tracks, it just feels too hard. The description says there's some cushion, but the whole shoe body is just too stiff. Maybe it suits better with outdoor trail running. The look is pretty cool though, reminding me of the evil spiderman. Anyway, this is a nice shoes for everyday use, but not the best for series runner.
B008F17R2K Light-weight, great shoe These are very comfortable light-weight shoes. I am a diehard Nike fan with respect to shoes. These Pumas are better than I expected. I really enjoy the cushion and support when I am running in these. I liked them so much, I bought a second pair.Caution, there are slightly narrower than Nike's, but these Puma's fit me fine.
B008F17R2K Nice Love these things as my running shoes. A little tight at first, but they stretched out from my feet in time. Definitely would recommend, especially with gel inserts!
B008F17R2K Great for its purpose! It's a great pair of running shoe. I got it for my brother and he loves it. He saids it has plenty of heel cushions and it fit well on him. Consider buying a 1/2 over cuz the front toes area can be a tad snugged.
B008F17R2K Awesome Superb shoes and they are very comfortable for running. I liked it a lot in all perspectives. I will suggest my friends to buy this,
B008F17R2K Good and light The shoes are so light. and comfortable, fits nice and absorb the impact when you are running. I would buy it again.
B008F17R2K excellent for running it is light and flexible. colors are great too.
B008F17R2K Puma did not make a good running shoe These Puma running shoes look great. But as a running shoe they failed. First the size was smaller than expected, I wear a size 9.5 but I ordered a 10.0 just in case they ran a little smaller. But they were a little narrow at the end, so the smaller size makes it tough on the running. The back of the shoe was too high up with the material and caused a blister on my Achilles tendon first thing during my break in run. Hopefully the plastic will loosen up a little and solve some of the issues. Will not buy again.
B008F17R2K Great Running Shoe Pros: lightweight, comfortable, and just makes you feel like running.Cons: Tongue of the shoe constantly needs to be pulled up.
B008F17R2K Puma Men's Elite Feels a bit stiff. I'm a 4 mile running slug with heavy heel strike.The shoes seem stiff and not sure I need to give them time to soften up, or this is what I get. Hopefully they will.But they are stable with good back and hip support, which may account for rigidity.
B008F17R2K 4 STARS!!!  PUMA Men's BioWeb Elite Running Shoe Love this shoe - light weight, comfortable and flexible. I'm not much of a runner but I wear these to the gym and I'm very pleased with the purchase.
B008F17R2K excellent!!! Very nice shoes. Running true to size. Very comfortable, very good looking, great to workout in and run. Recommend to everybody.
B008F17R2K Really a fashion shoe, not a runner Light and stylish but runs a size too small. Also less arch support than Addias running shoes. Best as a fashion shoe.
B008F17R2K Great pair of running shoes. The shoes fit perfectly to what shoes in the store fit. They are great for running and great support. One shoe rubs a bit in the back but I'm sure that will go away once I wear them in and is obviously not a common problem since the other shoe has no issues. I would definitely recommend these shoes to anybody that runs regularly.
B008F17R2K Way better than other Pumas... This pair of shoe feels so much better than other puma shoes i have bought in the past. The shoe feels fantastic, even if it is the first couple times wearing them. They fit perfectly, feel comfortable, and adds at least an inch to your height.I would recommend these shoes overPUMA Men's Faas 100 R Glow Running Shoe,Fluorescent OrangeandPUMA Men's Shintai Running Shoe,Bittersweet/WhiteNot only does the Bioweb Elite feel better, its cheap...like 35-45$ cheapAnd sidenote...The color is bright. Absolutely awesome
B008F17R2K Aweful!! I am an avid runner and not sure why I went with this product. In my opinion these shoes are not at all good for running. I suggest go with Asics and you be happy
B008F17R2K Running shoes, comfort Very light, without being uncomfortable. I usually take off my shoes at work, but these stay on since it doesn't feel like there is a difference. They look awesome too. Great for running, office, and anything but puddles. Since it's not waterproof. The material is surprisingly flexible with most of the light weight Nikes I bought were stiff.
B008F17R2K foot wear The running shoes where very comfortable i'v had them for 3 months now and there still good some of the web has snap from its attach meant but its not noticeable really.
B008F17R2K No for running but great looking I wouldn't use them to run, they are are a little heavier and not as ventilated as you would expect, but truth be told... I didn't buy them for that!  THEY LOOK AWESOME!!!They are comfortable enough for every day use, needed a couple of days to break them in but I'm really satisfied with them.
B008F17R2K great deal everything is great except top of the shoe behind ankle is quite rough on skin when running/walking.  Blisters, maybe its just me
B008F17R2K Expected more I expected more after reading other reviews. I usually wear an 8.5 and these fit okay.  I have had 4 pair of PUMAs  and have been extremely comfortable with two of them from the FAAS family.  These are okay. I have tried them while running and while running errands and will probably stick to the other options in the future.
B008F17R2K Great value I bought these shoes because they looked like a stable running  shoe.  My foot doctor was very cautious about Puma shoes.  He said they have a history's of no support.  I brought them back to his office and he was very surprised.  He said great purchase.These shoes fit Ike a glove.
B008F17R2K A little bit uncomfortable. The running shoes should be better for daily using. But this one is not good for daily working.  so i do not recommend it.
B008F2B7JS Great workout shorts! I really like these shorts.  I don't care for the slick running shorts, and I have to have pockets for outdoor running, and they're convenient to have at the gym too.  The pockets are a little small, but I don't carry much with me on my runs or to the gym so it's all good.  I also searched for the drawstring feature, as I've lost 30 lbs so far, and need to be able to tighten the shorts when running.  Very comfortable too!  They're more huggy around the bottom than other shorts I have, but everything is still covered, as I lose more weight I'm sure I'll have less &#34;huggy&#34;.  :)
B008RAGKBS Puma Running Shoes Nice running shoes...hope it lasts... trying to get long lasting shoes and I think I got the better choice. Thank you Puma
B008RAGKBS Comfy Shoes Very good shoes. I purchased these for work.  I am on my feet 12 hour days and these are supportive and comfortable.  My feet are never sore after a long day. I have used them for light running too but I rarely find time to do it.
B008RAGKBS Nice... means Pumah! Excellent choice, I like It. I'm expecting to use this shoes at my new running season. Love the colors cause fit my soccer's team.
B008RAGKBS good i run with it,very nice, I found that running a bit longer, the foot may be a bit uncomfortable&#65292; maybe it is the new shoe~
B008RAZL0Y Awesome This shoes are the best. They are awesome,cool, very light, and amazing! Bright colors  and also good for sports like running.
B0095GPMP8 exactlly as described It is perfect for running. It is lightweight, well ventilated. Also it fits just right, not to big, and not to tight.
B0098IBSTM Perfect shoes I love them! I suggest them to anyone who likes running or train as a daily basis, thank you so much.
B0098IBSTM Comfortable and slick-looking shoe To be clear, I ordered these for daily wear, not as running shoes, as a lot of people probably did. I like the style of the shoe--the black base with blue and yellow is a nice combination, and the white laces with black edges are a nice touch (it even comes with an extra set). As far as fit goes, I think they are spot on with my usual size and what I wear in the Puma Voltaics that I use as around-the-house slip-ons. I've used these several times to walk my dogs, and my feet have not gotten too hot or sweaty, but it's not full-on summer yet, so we'll see. One thing I did notice is that the heel is quite firm. It almost feels like it's pushing you to lean a bit more on your toes. I don't know if this is part of its running DNA, but it isn't uncomfortable just to walk or stand in them--it's just something I noticed. Overall, I am very happy with the shoe and hope they last a long time.
B0098IBSTM nice shoes I chose four stars because I stand a lot in them and they don't provide a lot of support for that, but running is ok. they look good though! you can't have a fat foot with the opening your foot goes into because there is no give to slide it in because there is no tongue, it is all one piece for a better fit.
B0098IBSTM These are not running shoes! Let me start by saying that all of my running shoes are Puma and I'm quite happy with them but this shoe was not made for running. They look fabulous and may have good cushioning as everyday shoes but when running you need more than what these shoes offer. I am a vivid runner who likes looking well while doing it, but my look can never interfere with my comfort. These are too rigid, I can even see some cracks now and I have worn them only 5 times. I have not been able to run more than 3 miles without feeling my legs sored and my feet numbed.I'm wearing them as everyday shoes and they are fine but their name is totally misleading. If you are looking for running shoes these are not an option!
B0098IBSTM Looks great, not comfortable Design of bottom makes shoe uncomfortable.  Back of heel on bottom isn't flat; has odd upward slope.  Feels strange and unbalanced walking; shoe is also noisy.  Had a pair of Puma Men's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoes, size 11, that fit perfectly and were very comfortable.  The Toori is size 11 and is too big.  I'd love these shoes and would give them 5 stars if the bottom were redesigned to be like the Voltaic and if they fit right.
B009FD2LM8 best running shoes Best running shoe in the market. Why the fuss of refusing to ship to Australia. That's a BIG problem with your products.
B009FD2LM8 Stylish and Great for Running As a size 12 with a fairly wide foot, these were a good call. Great workout shoe but it's got that Puma style. Considering buying a backup pair.
B009FD2LM8 Great fitting shoe, fits a little tight by design which is great for running. I have always liked Puma shoes and these are the best fitting so far. They are great for running due to how tight they fit.
B009FD2LM8 Good looking & comfortable Good shoe for distance walking and every day training.  I don't run, so I can't attest to its comfort for aggressive running.
B009FD59H2 PUMA delivers and more.... I purchased the PUMA Men's Cell KOU Running shoe for outdoor running for various types of weather, i.e. rain, light snow for the upcoming fall season.  The material is perfect for that, it's not Gortex, but it repels water just as I wanted.  It's not like I'm running through giant puddles, but wanted something more than mesh.  The fit actually blew me away.  Been running for 31 years, Brooks primarily, so this was the first PUMA shoe.  All other PUMA shoes have no arch what so ever, this one does and at the price for what I needed for a backup pair of shoes for outside....delivered and was more than I was expecting.  Highly recommend, thank you PUMA and Amazon.
B009FDO3U6 great these are some awesome looking shoes. Also, the shoes are light and very comfortable. I just love running in these shoes.
B009FDPVRK like them not sure why the disdain and neg reviews, for the cost, this is a great running shoe. I like mine, they fit like a glove and give me the support I need.
B009FDPVRK A bit small but otherwise great! The shoes do tend to run a bit on the small side but other than that I really like these shoes. They look like what was pictured and are very light and comfortable which is what I wanted in a running shoe
B009FDPVRK Puma running shoes are great Very happy with the fit and especially the lightness of the shoe, expect to get a lot of miles out of them. Would recommend to anyone looking for an inexpensive but comfortable running shoe
B009FDPVRK My Favorite Brand At A Good Price I used to frequent a sports shop that carried Puma.  I would buy running shoes during their seasonal clearance.  The went out of business due to EL Paso's falling economy.  Hopefully, I have found another supply for Puma running shoes.
B009FDPVRK decent shoe for the money... A little snug. But, I like my running shoes that way. Get a size larger if you want a looser fit.
B009FDPVRK Excellent shoes These shoes fit great feel even better and are very light. Made well and I would recommend these to anyone looking for a pair of running shoes.
B009FDR416 great shoes My son loved these shoes. He said that they are very comfortable and are great for running. I would definitely buy it again.
B009FDR416 LOVE these shoes. I wear the shoes just about everyday because the are lightweight and comfortable. I'm sure they would for for running too. HAHAThey may fit a tad smaller, however it worked out to be a great fit for me.
B009FDR416 Good pair of running shoes. Tight fit, but overall, got what I was hoping for. I would recommend these shoes to someone looking for good running shoes.
B009FDR416 Great running shoes These are comfortable, and provide excellent support for your feet while running. This was a great purchase. Can't go wrong with these.
B009FDRKJ2 Perfect running shoes Highly recommended
B009FDRKJ2 Puma running shoes are the best I was fitted by a running store with a slight over pronation and was looking for a neutral shoe. They recommended the faas 550 and after I wore those out, puma had stopped making the 550's. These are a great replacement.
B009G1T35M nice fit love them very comfy thanksthe color is good to thank you I would recommend them in walking or running
B009G1T5YG Great for this beginner runner I have just started running and after using terrible old sneakers for a few month I finally purchased these.  What a difference.  Before it was like running with clod hoppers on.  These are super lightweight and comfortable  They fit high on my heel for support and initially it rubbed my ankle a little raw, but now I'm settled in them and its all fine.  Plus they are cute!
B009G1T5YG beautiful Comfortable, but not as my Asics running shoes. I didn't try running with them yet. Beautiful colors. I love them.
B009G1T5YG The one I love Nice shoe and very comfortable, not hurt my feet and fit for running. I fall in love with Puma running's shoe.
B009G1T5YG Surprisingly loved it I'm a big fan of Puma, I especially love their new form fitting running shoes.  Very light weight and comfortable
B009G1T5YG love em! These shoes are great! A little stiffer sole than I expected for a running shoe, but once they're broken in I think they will be perfect.
B009G1T5YG Love it this are really good. I always end up with some strain in my ankles after running or even walking but with this shoes I felt way better
B009G1T5YG Lightweight but.... These shoes are lightweight which is great for running, however, they are quite narrow in the toe box area and run a tad bit short too. I typically wear and ordered a size 8 1/2 and this shoe just barely makes it for length. I am pretty disappointed in the arch support...or more accurately the lack of. These shoes will be OK for treadmill/eliptical workout but wouldn't recommend for running or high impact workouts. Not impressed.
B009G1T5YG Very cute, very lightweight I'm a 7.5, and I usually order a size up in tennis shoes because generally with absorbent and fluffy socks they can be a little snug. I ordered an 8 and they are only a little snug--running should stretch them out but maybe a 8.5 would have suited me better. The webby looking part around the sole of the shoe is actually hard plastic and forms a sort of cage-like thing around the actual rubber sole. Gravel gets caught in it and so I wouldn't advise these shoes for anything but running on the road or in the gym. Otherwise they look cute, are very sleek, and are as vibrantly colored as depicted. Overall, great for the price.
B009G1T5YG fis a llittle snug but overall like PUMAs and look good.  Seems to have the support for running, alhough have to run enough in them yet.
B009G1T5YG Great Shoes These shoes were recommended in Women's Health magazine. They are comfortable, offer plenty of support, and look great. I use the for Turbo Fire workouts as well as running.
B009G1T5YG Perfect Fit and Comfort I have always bought Nike and New Balance running shoes but couldn't resist the Puma special.  These Pumas are surprisingly one of the most comfortable training shoes I have ever worn.  I can't talk about their durability since I've only had them a week but I can't stress how much fun they are to wear so far.
B009G1T5YG Sweet feet Very comfortable fit and a treat to the feet.  I needed a new pair of walking /running shoes and these fit the bill.  No pun intended
B009G1U2XE puma running shoes The right shoe fit perfectly i wear an 8 so i assumed an 8 and 1/2 would b perfect seeing how pumas tend to run a little small, however the left shoe really hurts my toes and gives me blisters rendering the shoes unwearable.
B009G1U2XE Great for weight training and running I've only used these a few times but I love them so far. They fit great and I didn't feel any sore or uncomfortable spots during any of my workouts. I do weight training 3 times a week and run 20 minutes on a treadmill each time. Great overall shoe, and I love the color!
B009G1U2XE Great Fit I've been using them for running and they are extremely comfortable and great looking. Would highly recommend them to everyone.
B009G1UD2E Love Them! I got these shoes early so they shipped great. They were a little tight when first putting them on but they have since streached and fit really good. When running and walking they are comfortable. However if I wear them to long my arches start to hurt but thats personal not a problem I have with the shoe. But I LOVE them!
B009G1UD2E Great  Running Shoe I found a great shoe! YAY! I have had these for a while now and after reading numerous reviews was a little hesitant that they would run small but most said the shoes performance was good. I figured my last pair of pumas fit me fine so I ordered an 8. They fit just like an 8. So maybe some people are in denial about their foot size. Anyway, I am very impressed by the shock absorption in these shoes especially considering I run on pavement quite a bit (up and down ramps of a parking garage at my workplace). My previous shoes were worn out and left me practically crippled after a run but with these I barely feel the impact at all. Love the fit though they are a little more cumbersome to get on (you have to use the loops they provide) I didn't buy them so I could slide them on quickly...I bought them for running. Like the no tongue design. I am not one for brightly colored shoes so this subtle color theme of white/silver is understated, but to me, stylish and sleek looking.
B009G1UD2E Great service and fast response I highly recommend these shoes to anybody who may be interested in finding a running shoe.  I have bought a lot of shoes and these are the best so far.  Thank you.
B009G1UD2E Puma Women's Celi Turin Running Shoe I returned the item as it didn't fit me as I had hoped. It also seemed to not be of the quality that I expected from Puma and the price that I paid.
B009G1VXJG Value for money and running They are standard running shoes but they are a good price, comfortable and I like the colour. They do pinch a little in the middle of my feet, however they need a little wearing in (like most shoes) and should be fine after that.
B009G1WZP2 Love these. These are so light and comfortable for treadmill running. They are so unique looking too. It's refreshing to be the only one in the gym without the same Nikes on.
B009KSDTL0 We love these shoes They support so well, they are light weight and out daughter (who is 2) easily takes them off and on. Our house is on property that is quite uneven with rocks and we go running hiking often, we have found these to be a great summer shoe!
B009MNYNYU She is on her feet most of the day and these shoes give her great support! They also double as exercising/running shoes My wife loves them. The colors fit her personality and the comfort level is supperior. She is on her feet most of the day and these shoes give her great support! They also double as exercising/running shoes.
B009MNZO3O Really like them Well made, very comfortable, soft almost, good for running and walking around, with shoelaces that are not too long or slippery and don't come untied unless you want them to.
B009MNZO3O very comfy!! I love these shoes!  they are so comfortable and they fit great.  I do not wear them for working out at all though, just for comfy shoes to wear out running errands and for casual.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes I picked up these for the comfort and style they looked like they would provide. Arrived on time and fit just as expected! Recommend to anyone looking for a decently priced pair of running shoes.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes! Light weight and comfortable for running! Good traction as well! Soft touch on the heels when running, which helps a lot!
B009STNEF2 Puma Men Cell Rating The Puma Men Cell running shoe was the best running shoe I've ever bought. The shoe is so comfortable that I found myself running longer now than before. One word to describe the shoe is AWESOME.
B009STNEF2 PUMAs rock Bought these to replace my New Balance running shoes and I am NOT disappointed one bit. These shoes not only look great but the fit like a glove and provide many miles of comfortable running!
B009STNEF2 Great running shoes! This running shoes are great,very light and so comfy,I love them and recommend them,love the color,great shoes for the price.
B009STNEF2 Good running shoes for the price I was looking for a reasonably priced pair of running/training shoes and these Puma's are good.  They fit very well and I have a wide foot.  So far they are wearing well also.
B009SU39K6 Great running shoes! I'm definitely not a runner but these shoes feel so light and springy that they actually made me want to go out for a run.  My legs and calf muscles were dramatically less fatigued.
B009SU4IDI Puma M&ouml;bius - exactly what I was looking for. Perfect fit and a great running shoe in the city - very happy with these! Open but supportive forefoot, snug mid and back foot like I like.  Far more attractive than the average running or cross training shoe, which usually look like some kind of neon plastic hoof.
B00A000RO4 Great! I am in love with these shoes. They are so comfortable and lightweight. Perfect for running, lifting, or just normal everyday wear.
B00A008HR8 Perfect Fit Great for walking, exercising, running errands or just looking cute.  Very comfortable inside.  Heel height is perfect.  No extra pressure on the feet.  PUMA is name not to be disappointed.  Colors are clear and vibrant.
B00AI222Y2 Runs large I typically wear size 11, even in a Puma Faas running shoe. Going to return this for 10 1/2. I do like the style and are very light.
B00AOCAP9A Super comfortable I love these shoes! They are very light and give enough support while running. I like the mesh part above the toes- my feet never feel super sweaty during exercise
B00AOCAP9A Color is more like Lime Green rather neon yellow Pumas are the best.  Low profile, but have enough comfort to support your feet while running.  I always put an additional layer (insole) for extra support.
B00AOCAP9A Not meant for running..... I give it a 4 out of 5. These are great for the gym, Zumba, or anything that you don't put too much strain on your feet or knees, but these are not meant for running. The were just too flexible and I need support when I run. I love that they are breathable and are great for walking, but not good for rocky or rough areas.
B00AOCAP9A Running like I stole something These shoes are the best for me while running,they are light and comfortable and pretty. I am enjoying my running because I don't have the heavy shoe to hold me down. I recommend this shoe
B00AOCAP9A Great cross trainers I bought these shoes to wear during my exercise classes, so I could make my running shoes last longer.  These shoes are super comfortable and cute as well.  I would definitely purchase them again!
B00AOCAP9A Light weight and flexible These are really comfortable and really pretty! They are very light and easy to move in. The tongue of the shoe is attached via straps to the inner sole creating a tight but comfortable fit. They are great for running or jogging due to the shape of shoe helping me to stay on the ball and heel of my foot. However, for multipurpose training, cross training, weight lifting, and cycling, I would choose a different shoe. The same trait that makes it good for running, makes it hard to maintain balance in step back lunges and kick moves. The pedals on spin bikes actually hurt my foot through the shoe because it is so flexible and light. I plan on getting some inserts to help support my balance and add cushion, hopefully that will resolve it. Overall, I really like them. They are comfy and cute.
B00AOCAP9A lightweight and fits well These are very lightweight and feel like you have nothing on. They seem to have enough support but feel less substantial then other running shoes. Great for flat surfaces, not suggested for rocky or rough terrain.
B00AOCDNJ4 great fitting shoes Love them they fit perfect. And feel great on my feet. Color is right for seeing in the dark for running.
B00AOCDNJ4 Great shoe! I'm a personal trainer in a gym and I go through athletic shoes pretty fast. I took a gamble on these and I'm glad I did! These shoes are very sturdy and offer a cloud like feel when you walk or train. They absorb impact very well, so these are perfect for running, box jumps, ect. Love these shoes!
B00AOCDUD8 Not too bad..... Bought these for light running shoes.Stick to these for walking.. not really enough inside to make them comfortable running shoes.Fit is a bit tight.. I always buy size 9 in Asics and these are a tight 9.If I bought a puma again.. likely would go up a 1/2 size.Fun colour though.
B00AOCE7IA Shoe seems great but runs big Not sure if this is true of all dance shoes but it runs large compared to my running shoes.  I wear a 7.5 running shoe but the 7.5 PUMA was way too big, I 'm pretty sure that I would have to wear a 6.5 but could not exchange them because they were out of that size.  I was a little disappointed because I really liked the shoe and it seemed to be comfortable and well made.
B00AOD8YMO Cool Runnin shoes Great pair of running shoes, easy to break in and very comfortable. They also glow in the dark which is really cool.
B00AOD8YMO A cool shoe, but not as comfortable as a running shoe/ First time with a cross-trainer VS: regular running shoes from various makers. This one is less comfortable. rides up a bit on my ankleand the outside heel puts a bit of pressure on the front of my foot. But very cool color....that's the reason I ordered them.
B00AOD8YMO Very distinctive and highly comfy runner I really enjoy this Puma running shoe.  The combination of comfort, lightweight design and sharp looks makes for a great combination of coolness!
B00AOD8YMO They glow in the dark and are very comfortable. There is not enough room for your toes to spread, but other than that they have good cushion for running.
B00AOD8YMO puma elite running shoes Sleek and unique design, vomfortable to wearI find it reasonably priced considering how good the quality is. That is to me, the puma elite running shoes.
B00AODTEZA Great out of the box It's ok great out of the box. Heel is not as firm as my other pumas. After a week of running.
B00AODTEZA Material slightly reflects light I love the how this shoe feels when I'm running. What I don't like is that it slightly reflect light not really as what is stated in the picture. Also the heel part looks kinda huge making it look more like a basketball shoe. Overall it's very good for running but the looks is not that good for me.
B00AODTEZA Great product Recommended: so comfy and great shoe for training and running. Stylish with perfect fit. No more shin splints for me
B00AODTEZA great running shoes They ar light and give great support , on top of that stylishDuring my summer runs my feet don't over heat , I don't have to stop anymore to take breaks , great shoesOne more thing, puma does run small, I always get them a size bigger,
B00AODTEZA PUMA MEN`S BIOWEB ELITE LTD RUNNING SHOES I STARTED WORKING OUT AND NEEDED A GOOD SHOE THAT I FELT COMFORTABLE AND WOULD HOLD UP THROUGH THE HARD WORKOUT,THE PUMA IS THE ONE,
B00AODTEZA Run a little tight. I usually wear a 10 in running shoes, but these are tight through the mid foot. Certainly not the most comfortable running shoe.
B00AODVKJI Great lightweight shoes. Great lightweight running shoes. Excellent support and comfort. Would recommend to a friend. Needed good running shoes and got them.
B00AODVKJI Great Purchase. Needed comfortable light running shoes, these are the whole package and the price was amazing! I would definitely recommend these shoes!
B00AODW9HA Great running shoe Great running shoe for the money.  Should order another pair for backup.  The fit is just perfect.  Wish I had more time to run.
B00AODW9HA perfectly fit, light weight perfectly fit size, light weight and feels really comfortable in running; low profile color match, i love it too much
B00AODW9HA Stylish running shoes I got these shoes for gym use on the elliptical machine and other indoor exercises. I recently got a pair of Puma golf shoes which are very nice, so I decided to try out the Puma running shoes. These are very nice. I did order half a size larger as most posters advised and it was a wise decision. If I had ordered my regular size, I most likely would have had to go through the process of returning them. The shipping was a little slower than I would have expected, but worth the wait. These go very well with my clothes I typically wear at the gym and have a nice snug fit to them. Great price for a nice pair of running shoes.
B00AODWHCC Nice shoes I like these a lot,  especially for the price.  One problem though. I was looking for cross-training shoes and they are described as such on the site.  However,  after opening, the label on the inside sole says running.
B00AOE059S Really like these sneaker I just received these last week and wore them over the weekend.  I haven't run in them (although, I did not buy these with that intention).  I do a lot of walking and wanted something different that my regular running lace-ups.  The sneakers are very light (feel like they weigh almost nothing).  They look great and after a lot of NYC walking, remained comfortable.  Thanks to the other reviews, I did get a half-size up.  I'm glad I did.  If I were planning on running in them, I might have wanted a snugger fit and would have gotten my regular size.  For walking, the half-size up works great.  I would highly recommend.
B00AOE059S Good running shoes, but make sure you order the right size!!!! I took off one star because of the color selection offered on these particular shoes.  I really think they should reconsider the colors offered.  With that said, I ordered the wrong size because I forgot that sneaker sizes run larger than shoe sizes, other than that they seem like a very nice pair of running shoes.
B00AOE059S straps feel worn out after 1 week ! was skeptical about straps from the get go, but positive reviews led me to buy anyways.Straps feel worn out asfter only 3 runs (5K( 1 week. These are NOT running shoes, Gym shoes at best.
B00AOE059S Amazingly comfortable These running shoes are amazing and the fact that they are reasonably priced is a plus.  I do recommend them to anyone, although I would advise you to order a half size or full size bigger than what you normally wear for these or any running shoes.
B00AOE059S Bad Not a good running shoe at all. Looks good but these shoes are not sturdy enough for trail running. Use indoors or on a track if you plan on running with these shoes
B00AOE059S fit and comfort what a something like Nike running shoe and this shoe has everything I need. So far it is good for walking and running but don't know about long lasting( I bought it a week ago).
B00AOOYON6 New running shoes These are great for working out, running, or just as a casual walking shoe. I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep them when I first got them but I'm glad I did. They are a great improvement on my previous running shoes that didn't have enough support for my feet. These have great cushioning and I don't feel the harsh impact that running can have on your knees when you lack good sole support. They're also pretty good looking.
B00AOOZ1OC Fabulous Puma running shoe I bought these for my husband and he loves them. The fit is perfect and he can wear them all day. He also gets a lot of great comments on the bright color. You will love these shoes and I recommend them to all my friends.
B00AOOZ1OC These are great shoes for running indoors and out! I have two previous pairs of the Puma Faas 100 running shoes and love them because they are so comfortable, lightweight, and you just cannot beat running shoes that glow in the dark once the sun sets around 5:30PM, PST, so when I saw these on the AMZ website for less than the previous two pairs I recently purchased, (from a competitor's website, damn it!!!), I had to jump at the chance and score these great shoes too, so now I have a green, blue, and now an orange pair of these great shoes!  A bit overindulgence, ... perhaps, but who cares!  ;-)
B00AOOZGS8 Good running shoe Son loves them and fits true to size. Very comfortable. I would recommend these shoes for anyone that is looking for track shoes.
B00AORBTZY Perfect fit These athletic shoes should fit perfectly because I use them for playing soccer and running so a good fit is important so my feet are supported correctly.
B00AORGLAC Wow. What a shoe. These shoes break in quick, and I use them for everything. Nice thin soles. I walk everywhere in them. I wear them everyday. The last pair I had I logged 150 miles running in them in addition to daily use. When The heel started to wear through I did them in wearing them to my job, digging holes. I just bought two more pairs.
B00AQODE9E exellent I bought these all in one color (grey/black) at my local Costco for $7.99 on sale (regular price $9.99). Here is why I like them.1. Very comfortable to wear and fit well. Also look good.2. Nicely cushioned, but not so thick as to require a larger than normal running shoe size.3. Wick moisture well so feet stay cool during running. Heel stays in place and so does cuff.4. These perform as well as other running socks that cost double.5. Made of 60% polyester, 38% cotton, 1% spandex and 1% rubber.Bottom line: Well made and inexpensive running sock (if you buy them at the right price).
B00AY65V1I Great Great running shoes... comfortable. They are great for running on trails: good grip. Light weigh, they look good. I'm happy with my purchase.
B00B1E4QSQ Lightweight These shoes look great and fit well. They are lightweight and a little stiff. I bought them for walking and running. I got a heel blister the first time I wore them, but with thicker socks I haven't had any more problems. Good shoe for the price.
B00B1E4QSQ Amazing Shoes I initially thought I was sent an empty box because they are so light. Perfect for running. Wonderful shoes overall. Received exactly as described. True to size.
B00B5EDEZI So cute! Bought my size and they are a perfect fit! On my feet, running all day.....LOVE the arch support! Very comfortable! Great shoe!!
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable! Got them on sale for $36 w/Free shipping.  Got me a deal!  Shoes are excellent for running.  Would definitely recommend.
B00B7LUG00 Review I like the shoe, but it is really a running show and not a cross-training shoe.  The tread design is clearly for running, and that is how the box described the shoes. They are comfortable and have worn them on the treadmill, and would give them high marks for shock absorption.
B00B7LUG00 Like running on air! I actually purchased these at a Puma store in the local mall because they were running a launch promotion. These shoes are great! I personally love the orange/black one the best. I thought it was the best matched color pallet. The shoes are so comfortable. It was a bit weird feeling at first but now I'm used to the "cushy" feeling. They are great for those who are walking or running over various hard terrain because it keeps your feet feeling comfortable. I may buy a second pair in a different color! My favorite Puma's to date - and I love all Puma shoes!
B00B7LUG00 Great all-purpose work out shoe. I purchased these Puma's to replace a pair of running shoes, except that I wanted something that I could also cross-train with and do any other athletic activities as well. I'd say these are right on the money for all of that. I've even played basketball in them and they have held up very well. Very breathable and just the right amount of cushion. Also, I'll add that on top of the fact that they look awesome (i have the black), I think these will hold up well over time as they look to be designed for the long haul. I've had them for about two months and they still look and feel great.
B00B7LUG00 Fantastic all around shoe! Awesome shoes! You might want to go down a half size. I'm not much of a runner but I decided to try them out and I ended up running 7 miles in them. I had no blisters by the end up of it. They provide excellent support as well.
B00B7LUG00 Quite comfortable and cushy Hmmmm.....I actually really like these shoes. They arent top tier running shoes, but for a sub hundred dollar pair of shoes, these are really nice, light, and comfortable. So far, while running, I have noticed lowered impact on my feet and ankles, and my knees also dont hurt afterwards, something which does typically happen to me if I dont stick with an elliptical. So forme at least, these shoes are a complete success. They also look nice, but that is secondary to their functionality, which is definitely there. I highly recommend these shoes..
B00B7LUG00 Don't buy running shoes online While these shoes are well built and make a stable platform size is everything in a running shoe, and these were small. After this experiance I wouldn't recommend anyone buying running shoes online. Go somewhere and try them on before you buy.
B00B7LUG00 great running shoes i got one pair at a good price, it is a  much better deal than any of the nike's shoes.
B00B7LUYFC PUMA running shoes. Very nice shoes, extremely comfortable! Love them. :)Highly recommend them. Great price, well worth it. Great for running and training.
B00B7LUYFC The answer is? The answer? it's very simple, this shoe is light weight, incredibly comfortable, stylish and the perfect interior padding and bottom traction.  If you looking for a running shoe with those qualities, this PUMA shoe does the job.  Peace out and happy running folks.
B00B7LUYFC Better than expected! Good and comfortable. Feels great running and seem very durable. I would recommend to anyone interested in cross training shoe.
B00B7LUYFC Great cross-trainer! This is my first pair of cross-training shoes. I got them because the P90X3 video said I should not be jumping around in running shoes. They were definitely right! These shoes offer lots of side support and there is plenty of cushioning in the sole. The placement of the treads help to keep me from slipping as I'm working out on a hardwood floor. I generally wear a size 8 for running and a 7.5 for everything else. I got these in a 7.5. They are actually a little loose but I lace them up tightly and they feel fine. I was worried that the material wouldn't be breathable but the perforations are adequate and the rigid upper material helps add support and stability.
B00B7LY4HQ Good fit, very stylish These are the best looking running shoes I've ever had. There is a subtle sheen all around that is not quite visible in the photo, but catches the light nicely. Not as much arch support as I'd like, and not as comfortable as the more expensive brands, but okay for the gym or jogging.  Long distance runners will probably want a sturdier sole.
B00B7LY4HQ LOVE these shoes!! I bought these running shoes as I am own other Pumas and love how light they are. I was looking for something with more support for my ankle (due to recent injury) and these are perfect. As with my other Pumas, they are super light weight and great quality.
B00B7LY4HQ Lightweight and comfortable for running I just received these shoes and have used them for a few running/walking workouts so far.  They are very comfortable for running and didn't need any time to break in.  However, they are not as comfortable for walking as some running shoes are, and thus, they actually inspire me to run more (not a bad thing).  If you usually do some walking interspersed with your running, this might not be the right shoe - the top of the shoe near the toe presses on my foot quite hard while walking.  I expect that once broken in, they will become more flexible.
B00B9ZDQA6 Comfortable Fit, Light Weight, and Nice Look These shoes fit me very well and are very comfortable.  I would guess that someone with a wider foot may not like them as much, but they are perfect for my foot, which is a narrow-to-medium width.What I really love about these shoes is how light they are.  These shoes are great for people like me that like their everyday sneakers to feel extremely lightweight.  The trade-off for that is that they do not provide as much support as some of the pricey running shoes I have had for running and more intense workouts.  That being said, for everyday wear and light workouts, these provide sufficient support.I also like the look of these shoes.  The color scheme is nice and the material looks and feels nice as well.All around, these are a great everyday sneaker if you are not looking for a ton of support and if you do not have a wider foot.
B00BLOQ5LM Okay Thicker than expected.  Take a long time to try in the dryer.  But they are soft - just not good for running.
B00BVYU130 Tall but not to Tall Socks Highly recommend, just the right height for my trail running shoes. The noshow running socks were giving me blisters, as the trail running shoes are a bit high in the back and rub. These are not noshow but are just short enough not to be really seen with my trail running shoes and protect from blisters.
B00C5TN7G8 Great for running I bought these at my local Costco for $7.99 on sale (regular price $9.99). Here is why I like them.1. Very comfortable to wear and fit well. Also look good.2. Nicely cushioned, but not so thick as to require a larger than normal running shoe size.3. Wick moisture well so feet stay cool during running. Heel stays in place and so does cuff.4. These perform as well as other running socks that cost double.5. Made of 60% polyester, 38% cotton, 1% spandex and 1% rubber.Bottom line: Well made and inexpensive running sock (if you buy them at the right price).
B00C5UPRQK Best shoes for running if you need support These are the best running shoes I ever had I just ran a 10k with a fire helmet and a scba air pack on and I never had any pain in my feet I will buy another pair soon
B00C6BOILS Great shoe, great price I wear a size 12 in Reebok, Nike, and New Balance. I ordered a size 12 of these and they fit perfectly. I really like the way the styling of the shoe looks and they are fairly comfortable. I was surprised to read that some of the people that bought these shoes use them to workout in. I think there are a lot better workout shoes that you could wear instead ( I use Reebok Nano 3.0 for lifting/crossfit and Nike running shoes for longer distance running). These are just a very sharp looking everyday shoe to wear around or go out in. I would definitely recommend this product to others.
B00C6EW87G Light Weight and PERFECT! I love these shoes! They are light weight, perfect when running, they look stylish and I am extremely pleased with my purchase!!!!
B00C70T3W2 We love it Very good looking running suit.  We ordered it on the large side with expectations that our little one will grow into it within a couple of months.
B00C7QAJ4W Love these!! Great print that is very stylish - - - will be perfect for running and yoga. P U M A Rocks!
B00CAJZDHY I was skeptical at first, but wow these are the best running shoes i've ever had! I went out on a limb to get a shoe I have never tried on. especially since my feet are big and it can be hard to find a pair of puma's that fit me well. but these are the absolute best shoes I've ever had. I love the design. they really work well and I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase! I will recommend these shoes to anyone who is interested in running. they are super light and fit really well. when these ones wear out I WILL be buying another pair of these!
B00CAJZTVY Great shoes Size was right on. A tad bit narrow but not bad at all. Soft heel which I was not expecting but works well for my bad running style and form. Great shoes. Definitely recommend thin socks with these shoes, they are snug fitting, which is good for running.
B00CAK38DY Comfortable My daughter wore these shoes for her cross country events this past Fall and she said they felt great. Most running shoes do not give her the support she needs for her heels, but these did.
B00CAK5B0M Best Shoes Ever! I have put almost 500 miles on them just for running, I wear them working out and to work, I had to buy a new pair because of the quality I would recommend them to anyone that is on the move.
B00CFDPE7Y Great, Lightweight Shoes I love these shoes. They're lightweight and comfortable. I can't tell if it's really green or yellow, it looks different in different lighting. I light the material, it stretches and moves with your feet. Perfect for running.
B00CFDPE7Y puma  running shoes thanks for this shoes,it came perfect , the size was ok,Puma is a good brand to  get some running shoes.Regard
B00DHJQ39S Great Lightweight Golf Shoes So lightweight, reminds me of a running shoe. Very comfortable, good looking and would highly recommend. Only downside for me is that the bottom of the shoe is thin through the arch area. Shoes need more arch support in general. Plan to put Dr. Scholl inserts in and I'll be all set.
B00DNNO3Q8 Look Good, Feel Great Very comfortable, excellent for walking and running. I've been looking for running shoes for a while, these really fit the bill.
B00DNNOGEW Great Shoe! I have only run 21 miles in them but so far they are great.  I like them because they are light but not too light.  The toe box is large enough so I can wear my thicker socks.  I bought them to run a marathon in as I need a little more support for that distance than you get in a racing shoe.  Once I do some long runs in them I will know if they are good for my marathon.  But so far so good!I have been running for 36 years and these are my first pair of Pumas.  I am very satisfied so far!
B00DNNOGEW $80? First of all, this may be one of the most comfortable $80 pair of running shoes you will buy (original price). Second of all, the shoe styles are really great too. It's like Puma took a poll of the most liked color combinations in the world. Very classy and stylish as well.I ran (to try them out) about 7 1/2 minutes and they were very responsive (bounce) and extremely light, good cushioning, but not marshmallow. At the time it was the fastest time for the distance I had run. I have a forefoot strike, so they worked great for that. They also have extra rubber for the heel if you are a heel-striker.I can't say enough about this shoe and how excited I was to open the box. The picture does the shoe no justice (I have the black/white/gray ones).So, give them a shot. Try them on and see how they fit, walk around the house a minute. Send them back if they aren't perfect, but... I have a feeling you'll be opening the front door and running in no time instead.The fit is nice. Spacious in the toe, comfortable the whole way around. 12 .mm drop.They won the Runner's World Best Buy for June. They commented about how great they feel, but they aren't a plush shoe. Just very comfortable, great cushioning... all you need. After I use them as running shoes, I am going to wear them as my everyday shoes (walking).I have read that these shoes may not be great for running in wet conditions, because there is no traction in the forefoot and heel. But, oddly there is some in the mid foot. I haven't tested them in wet conditions, but I don't plan on it either. But! They are fantastic when it comes to gripping on dry pavement. The cushioning kind of squishes into the pavement and grips for great traction.Take care. Enjoy!
B00DNNS0XA great running shoes but they run small Good quality running shoe looks excellent! Everyone compliments me on them great when moving and running around. But not good for standing around for a while. The fit is a tad tight. I wear an 11 normally and got a 11.5 and its still tight, dedinatly get a size bigger
B00DNNS6ZM Stylish and sleek Get lots of compliments. Use more as fashion sneakers than for running. Puma always puts out great, stylish looking shoes!
B00DNNSTF4 These might just be my new Fave!! I bought these shoes to mix in on my short distance runs to help promote better form by forcing me to land more mid foot and not heel strike as much as I normally do. I normally buy running shoes with a lot of support because of me heel striking. These shoes have a zero drop from heel-to-toe and help force me to land more mid foot. I am very impressed with this shoe and would recommend it to anyone looking to add some mix into their runs or just for every day fashion. Light weight, Great feel!
B00DNNUQN2 Not Impressed Why do shoe companies offer such fun, colorful designs in running shoes, but such hideous looks in their cross trainers? For example, that lump of whatever-it-is under the ball of the foot on this Mobium cross trainer? Cool texture or did the shoe start falling apart and the designer decided to hold it together with something that resembles some type of hideous scar tissue? I'm not just talking about Puma, but all the shoe companies--Asics, Salomon, Saucony, etc. Colorful, fun running shoes in lots of choices, big bust on cross trainers. Big disappointment.
B00DNNYHHI great running shoes... Shoes arrive on time for my first 5k run of the year...love puma design, very comfortable, well balance shoes. Highly recommend these shoe's for running...
B00DNNZEP2 Arch support not as great This is a good running shoe, but could use more arch support when compared to other PUMA running shoes we've purchased in the past.
B00DNNZEP2 I will recommend to any one, great deal Perfect and constable , feel do good when walking or running and at my door with not charge can ask for more!
B00DNNZOQ6 My puma running shoe This is a very good product. It fits just as expected and is very comfortable.  Good for running or for casual use.
B00DNNZYZ2 Great Lightweight Running Shoes These are very comfortable lightweight running shoes.  They feel like wearing socks with much better support!
B00DNNZYZ2 Great purchase I am very satisfied with my purchase of puma women's Narita V2 Running shoes. It was exactly as seen online. It fit perfectly and is extremely comfortable.
B00DS3T8TU PUMA Running Shoe I purchased these as a gift for someone and he is very happy with them. No complaints! Nothing else to say.
B00DY6160A Great deal Nice shoes they were for my aunt and she was so happy and running all around the house. If you like these shoes, don,t think more and just buy them
B00DY75DWQ Eh... Who doesn't love puma. These are true to size and so comfy they are great for every, running, working out etc. just about anything.I returned them because I hated how the color looked.
B00EDOMUYI Excellent running shoe: Great running shoes. I run at least 20 miles per week and these are the most comfortable of all the shoes I've tried. I went through a pair of Nike's, New Balance, and a couple different kinds of other Puma running shoes before I found these to be the most ideal. They are very breathable and their stylish look is an added bonus. I've been through 2 pairs now and will continue to buy this same type/brand. Excellent running shoe!
B00EDOMUYI Running for perfection Great shoes excellent at the track
B00EDOMUYI Three Stars Are marked as running but feel thick.
B00EDOMUYI everything I expected This only the 3rd pair of Puma's I have owned, but they are starting to become my favorites.  I knew from my past experience to get a half size larger than i wear in other brands.  look awesome,comfortable,dureable.  Listed as a running shoe, they are more of a trainer or casual shoe.  Little heavy for running.
B00EDOR4L2 I love Puma running shoes I love these running shoes, have excellent arch support, and I was extremely pleased when Amazon posted their availability for purchase in my box. Puma does have a narrow fit so I exchanged for an 8.5. The exchanged running shoes came remarkably quickly and I am so happy :) Thanks Amazon.
B00EDOR4L2 Great buy. I am satisfied with the purchase. These are my first Puma running shoes, and I like them better than others.
B00EDOR4L2 Feels like running in a pair of shoes made of concrete I purchased these shoes based on the positive reviews, but I have nothing positive to say about these shoes. They are advertised as running shoes, but they are very heavy. I felt like I had a block of concrete on my feet. They may be great for speed walking but definitely not running.
B00EDOR4L2 Thank you This is a quality running shoe - great fit and very comfortable to walk and run in. I am happy that I purchased.
B00EDOR4L2 Puma Voltaic running shoes Great shoes!  Comfortable!  And I love the color too!  I was happy with the fit and would order again. :)
B00EDOR4L2 good fit but for a running shoe its not as ... good fit but for a running shoe its not as comfortable to run in. Walking in them is fine though.
B00EDOR4L2 Comfy and stylish! These shoes are incredible! While I do not use them for running, I bought them to wear right after I was released from wearing an orthopedic boot for two months because of a broken foot. They are comfortable and stylish. What more could a girl ask for?
B00FSKLLJ6 Adorable Running Suit This is a very cute and handly little running suit.. I love pink and grey and it will be handy in the cool Spring in Minnesota.
B00FWJI3D0 After first day I'm very impressed I'll start off by saying I'm no expert on the field of reviewing running shoes but I run often, and lately I've been running far.I set a table up on my treadmill at home and speed walked at about 6km/h for around 8.5 miles and usually after that time I have knee pain from an old wrestling accident, but not today. After I speed walked and completed my homework, I went to a good jogging pace and continued until I hit 12 miles and got off feeling great, but as soon as I stopped jogging the outside of my foot underneath my pinky toe knuckle back was incredibly sore. This is not a fault in the shoe, just shows that with the shoes I used to run in maybe pressure was not applied in that area? I'm not sure, but I definitely don't look at this as a negative aspect, after all it's clear proof it is strengthening my feet.
B00G5084SO Run Baby Run! My daughter uses these for running track and they are still kicking today! Fairly durable and colorful sock.
B00GOMDIMU Great colors and fit! Like the colors and the fit of the sock is perfect for cross training or running shoes. Definitely would recommend to others.
B00GV3GRJI Very comfortable shoes. I really like Pumas for a running ... Very comfortable shoes.  I really like Pumas for a running shoe you can wear all day long.  They may run a 1/2 size larger than normal.
