B0000DEHGM LOOSE RUBBER VERY COMFORTABLE SHOE, FOR ANY ACTIVITY,THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAD WAS THE RUBBER THAT COMES UP OVER THE TOES OF THE SHOE CAME LOOSE ON BOTH SHOES AFTER ABOUT TWO WEEKS OF WEARING THEM.
B0009NN9B0 Hidden Comfort!!! I work in a hospital in Radiology, so I am on my feet all day long from the time I arrive at work until I go home.  I bought this style shoe on a whim because they suddenly went 20% off.  So I took a chance.... And man did I ever luck out!!!  This is the most comfortable shoe I have worn in YEARS!!!!  My feet dont even ache when I get home after a non-stop hectic day.  I fell in love with these shoes immediately ..... so much that, I have three pairs of this style shoe.... I bought the Orange, the Yellow and the Blue pairs that they offered (these colors are around the base of each shoe).  They even had a lime green pair that was offered only in Womens and I hate to admit it, but I came very close to buying that pair as well.  If your size is available in this shoe..... get it!!!  You wont regret it!!
B0009QGPPO Finally!  A great shoe by Puma! Finally!  A well made, high quality leather Puma shoe that those of us with wide feet can wear!  I have missed you Puma, glad that I can finally wear one of your shoes again!
B0009QGPPO Hard to find-great shoe These are very hard to find and a great shoe. Daughter has worn them for six seasons because they protect her heels against growth plate issues when stricking a ball in soccer and running while her foot is growing 11-13 years old. Great replacement to cleats and support arch.
B0009QGPPO Excellent Shoe I have played soccer for over 30 years.  The Puma King has been my shoe of choice for much of that time.  I was thrilled to see this shoe was available when I was looking for a new trainer. The style, fit, design, and quality are all attributes that i was expecting from Puma.  I looked a lot for new trainers and most are wild colored synthetic uppers.  This is a leather upper with an updated sole.  I recently played with these on a wet field in long grass and did not slip at all. Great shoe and I would highly recommend them!
B0009QGPPO Fantastic turf shoe This is a fantastic turf shoe with good arch and foot support. The sole is on the stiff side, which is great for my foot.Leather upper is great. It accommodates my orthotic.A great turf shoe for sure.
B0009QGPPO Good shoe, but not the size I ordered.. I ordered 12s, but the actual shoe tag said 11.5!Think if they were a half size bigger, they would have been a good shoe for me.
B000BM5L7Y The best shoe ever This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. Puma doesn't make this shoe anymore, why I don't know. This shoe holds up very well. Also a very nice looking shoe. These aren't for just baseball, I wear these everyday wherever I go. Only leather upper I can find. Only thing is I wish Puma would keep producing these shoes. Their the best.
B000FPLEOG Great Fit, Great Price, Great Product If you are looking for a great shoe to go out to the bars in, or an everyday shoe that is not a normal gym shoe, this is it.  I purchased the same size shoe that I normally wear with other PUMA shoes and the fit was great.  They look good with a dark pair of jeans, and i already have had a lot of compliments on them.  Also, you cannot beat the price on Amazon.  Overall, the shoes has been durable and very comfortable.
B000GQ0EGI Great shoe. This shoe is very comfortable and it lasts a long time. It has great traction so u wont slip while walking on wet concrete. It is excellent for playing street soccer because of the traction and it is norrow at the bottom and kind of flat at the top. They r tight but they r supposed to be. It has a weird material that is very slick and the white is a rubber type of material. It is very thin too so that makes it light. It is not the most comfortable shoe i have felt but it is good enough. This is a great shoe.
B000K7EIME Tongue The show was the correct size, but the tongue of the shoe lays right a the crease of the top of my feet.  I can not wear them  The tongue is very stiff, and puts a great deal of pressure at the crease of my feet. If it was not for that, the shoe would be great. I hate the shoes because I can not wear them.
B000K7EIME Style I've had these particular shoes before and think they're just really stylish for a sport shoe, and very comfortable.  I'd recommend these to anyone who likes a little different look in a sport shoe, yet wants comfort.  Great soles and ideal shoe for everyday, casual comfort and look.
B000M4LCKQ GREAT shoe I own two pairs of Puma's Alpine Trail shoe.  I love them!  The fit is great, very good traction.  Plus, they look snazzy and make me feel like I can get right on a mountain footpath and start hiking.  Of course, this is difficult since I live in Missouri, where there are few mountains...but you get the idea.
B000ND0V0I Product not the problem I really like the Puma Shoe but they sent me a size 9 instead of a size 10. We did not notice this until today when my son went to put them on and they did not fit. We have already discarded the box so now we are stuck with a pair of shoes that he can not fit. Shoe is great just watch the company in which you purchase it from.Best regards
B000QDTRF0 Comfortable shoe The shoe is light and very comfortable.It also has a sporty look.Although much of the sporty elastic gets hidden if you wear your jeans and then it looks like an ordinary shoe.But I like the comfort fit and light weight.
B000R4XHRC Suit my needs! I broke my ankle in August and needed a shoe with a thick sole to help minimize the difference in my "boot" and shoe.  This shoe (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00595PAAG/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title)does that pretty well.
B000R4XHRC The right shoe was slightly larger than the left The right shoe was slightly larger than the left other than that they are fine....would have returned but needed the purchase for Atlanta trip.
B000R4XHRC It is a good unisex shoe, however it was better when it was made as a womans shoe on its own. It is a good unisex shoe, however it was better when it was made as a woman's shoe on its own.  This particular one feels quite narrow and not as comfortable as my old one. It is however still a really comfortable shoe and so I gave it 4 stars.
B000R4XHRC Good shoe Great shoe to have. It was really fast and no hastle at all I would be sure to try and order more
B000R4XHRC ... was too large the shoe's built quality is still awesome! Even though it was too large the shoe's built quality is still awesome!
B000R4XHRC Worst order ever. It's the worst shoe I had ever bought in my life.The shoe has not a % of leather on it. The sole?? OMG..........
B000R4XHRC I am enjoying the vintage shoe. For the price, you can't beat it.  I just got them because I like the old school look of the shoe and the price was right.
B000R4XHRC nice shoe This shoe is just As advertised in the picture. Size is perfect. Great quality. Looks very good. At the moment no complaints.
B000R4XHRC true to sizes I am not sure sizing is correct or they come tight on size but good looking and light weight shoe to I like.I guess give to try for find out.
B000R4XHRC shoe they're comfortable to wear and they're the right size and fit. I'm glad they had the shoes in stock I will recommend
B000REX1DW Great shoe from a great seller! Perhaps the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. In addition, I received my order about 2 days after submitting it. These are great to wear with almost anything and it is amazing how fast one can drive while wearing them!
B000REX1DW tight shoe this shoe is not bad at all! kind of tighter than most shoes and not a very wide grip/sole. takes a while to get used to the feeling they are almost like slippers. very light and comfortable.
B000REX1DW Hard Shoe material very hard and Middle part of the shoe is uncomfortable would not purchase this again even the PRIce too high
B000TA77ZM Looks good, runs better The trailfox almost ticks all the right boxes for a trail running shoe. It's got a roomy big toe area which means comfort on jarring downhill stretches. This shoe suits a narrower foot which is perfect for myself, and the foot feel snug and well supported because of this. Dirt finds it difficult to get into the shoe because of the extended tongue and sides around the ankle. The only small mark against this shoe is that it isn't fully waterproof as it will let in some water with exposure to moisture over an extended period.
B00166RR3K Great shoes Comfortable and good fit. These shows do not have much support so do not get them as an exercise equipment - more of a casual shoe.
B0019UBUD6 tlg Good shoe.  Great room in the toe box.  Only thing this needs is a turf sole and could be used for a soccer traininer/turf shoe.Too bad Puma stopped making it.
B001B4ZZ5O Tight fit Beautiful looking shoe but the tongue is extra thick creating a very tight fit.I'm hoping after wear,they will feel more comfortable.
B001B516CE Nice casual shoe Comfy and light. Great shoe that can be worn all day. If you will be doing a lot of walking you might want to get a different insole because the sole is thin.
B001B516CE Great shoe! I've had these shoes for about a month now, and love them. They are very stylish and pretty comfortable.
B001B51W64 Great Shoe Great buy!  You will not be disappointed.  Amazing comfort and fit.  Don't wear in the rain though, you will end up with wet feet but all and all a really great shoe.
B001B51W64 Size UP 1/2 size if you purchase this shoe, great shoe otherwise! Size up 1/2 size if you want to purchase this shoe.  It's a great casual shoe and you should enjoy  the correct comfort in the sizing.
B001B51W64 Great Shoe I have two pairs of these shoes.  They are so comfortable.  They fit snug without lacing them up and super light.
B001B51W64 I miss this shoe... I baught this shoe when I was in Iraq and loved it. It survived the harsh conditions of running in the 120+ degree weather and I wish that they would bring this one back!!!
B001B51W64 Casual Skipper This is a nice looking shoe, not made for serious running though. But it does nicely as a weekender type shoe that may fit well in pop culture attire; flared jeans and a blazer. I find it a bit snug around the heel and there's not alot of arch support.
B001B51W64 I hoped for better the shoe is a good shoe but i expected more from puma and hop much i payed and the problem i had was the toe part of the shoe fell apart and the bottom of the shoe wore down in a little more than a month am i was very dissapionted with that i dont think you should buy the shoe hope i helped
B001B52K0Q Puma Men's Cel Meio L shoe I was hoping for a bit more comfort and padding in a shoe. This shoe really feels like a track shoe. It is stiff and the sole is rigid. Puma seemed to go out of their way to make it look like crocodile skin so it doesn't look much like leather. The fit is true and the shoe is very light-weight. Go to the gym or do wind sprints in this shoe. If you walk around for very long, you will be looking forward to the point where you can take them off.
B001B52K0Q You have to be kidding Bought the exact same shoe for $35.00 at a puma retail store. Shoe sold for regular $64.00. Yah!! like Im going to pay three times as much for the same shoe ridicules.
B001B52UFG My 2nd puma shoe I bought this two months ago and the leather wore off very fast..my 2 yr forces look better...This shoe should be worn for when you go out on a date or something. Not an everyday shoe for me...the shoe looks 2 yrs old. lol. However its a great looking shoe. Looks great with designer jeans.
B001B52UFG very narrow shoe Puma seems to sell very narrow shoes that do not fit properly.  Let's say you buy a regular puma suede shoe both size 11 and compare it to this shoe.  The suede shoe is desined more for a human being.  while this shoe is designed for someone who had their feet bound since infancy.
B001B52YSO Great shoe Just got this shoe and it is excellent. Very comfortable and quite stylish. The only reason its not a 5/5 is for the first week or so that I had them the left shoe rubbed the back of my ankle and made that a little sore but now that they are broken in they fit perfectly.
B001B52YSO Buy these shoes somewhere else I put the shoes on for the first time and started walking around in them and noticed that my right foot was accelerating a little bit toward the end of my stride as if they were running shoes.  My left foot wasn't doing that.  I looked at the sole of my shoe and could see that the edges had been shaved down.  I look at my right shoe and the rubber at the front of the shoe meets with the sole  much differently than my other shoe.  There's a slight bit of shaving on the left shoe to make the front rubber align with the sole.The shaving is definitely post production because it's not uniform and there are major differences between the two shoes.  I don't see any way these would get past the quality control of a major shoe company like Puma.  I think Shoe Zoo buys shoes that are destined for either an outlet store or the trash bin, and fixes them up to sell at a marked up price.  They sell at a price that's convincing enough to make look legitimate, but low enough to beat out the competitors.  Would return these shoes in a heartbeat if it weren't for the shipping cost.  What a racket.Otherwise the shoes fit good.  I had Puma Roma's before so I figured I could just stay in and order them.  This is the first and last time I order shoes online.
B001B52YSO Crap quality, Crap Size Don't buy this product, seriously.The shoe runs 1 - 1.5 FULL sizes small, and even if I had got the right size I wouldn't have kept this shoe.The tongue is paper thing and the sole is practically Styrofoam.The quality of construction of this shoe is no where near the quality of other PUMA shoes.
B001B55JMC Love them by: Vashti H. I love this shoe.  I will admit that I had to choose a half size up from what I would normally wear because all Puma's run smaller and thinner than the average shoe.  I do not have any problems with them.  They are a cute accessory to have and I enjoy them.  Now my only thought is do I buy another pair for back-up since I like them so much.
B001CHCTQI Bad design The quality of the leather on this shoe is really nice and they're really stylish!  However, the cut of the shoe around the ankle doesn't allow for the shoe to stay on your foot when you walk!
B001CHEPW4 Very good shoe I love these shoes! They're my first pair Puma's and I think I'll definitely buy from them again. The build quality of the shoe is excellent and it feels great on the foot. The sole is somewhat soft and offers great support for any activity. Sizing was very accurate for me considering that I didn't get to actually try on the shoe.
B001CHEPW4 Perfect This is the first time I am buying from this seller..1. Awesome Shoe with perfect fit (Size)2. Comes with couple of lays (I preferred white for this shoe and surprisingly it came with both colors)3. Factory packed with boxBelieve me, you can buy this shoe without any doubt.. Perfect price and delivery in 3 days (I ordered on Thursday and got it by Monday).
B001CHEPW4 Great looking shoe BUT slightly undersized Great shoe but there is a quarter inch gap between the toe of the shoe and the end of the insole.  In other words, even though the shoe technically fits, my big toe hangs off the end of the insole, very uncomfortable, had to exchange for one half size bigger.
B001CHER90 Best Shoe I've found in over 13 years! My 13 year old son wears shoes out in less than 2 months because he has Cerebral Palsy and wears braces on his legs.  His gait is atrocious, and very awkward.  This shoe was the ONLY shoe I have ever found that not only adjusted to the presence of the AFO/brace on one leg and stayed snug up around the foot that doesn't get braced.  Plus, the sole of this shoe lasted ALL SUMMER!  That's unprecedented.  Amazing quality.  Am buying again for school.
B001CHER90 it't great i love the quality of the shoe, i would recommend it to anyone and it's really durablewith its thick sole.
B001CHG1YY Awesome shoe i reallly like it! I just got it 15 minutes ago and it fits perfectly.It looks very clean and outstanding and i feel like it is one of the best purchases i made!I got the black one and am very happy with itI recommended for everyone looking for a stylish shoe that overcomes the expectations.Thanks PUMA for this adorable shoe.
B001CHG1YY Good Shoes!! I always depend on Puma for its style. The comfort level is low but the style the shoe gives is great! Thanks!
B001CHG1YY suede shoe like this shoe so much that i plan to order some in the next couple of days thanks, thank ,thanks
B001CHG1YY Good shoe, below average durability My son loved these shoes and said they were quite comfortable. After daily wear, it should be noted that baby toes will poke through the suede on the sides. I think we got 4 months out of his pair. I consider this below average since he didn't grow out of them. Nice looking shoes, however with good inside cushioning made them a very comfortable shoe for daily wear.
B001CHG1YY Comfortable and Stylish I'm always nervous when I try out new shoe brands as I have super wide feet and they usually end up feeling like tiny foot prisons.  Not these shoes!  These Puma sneakers are padded and comfortable without feeling like I'm walking on an air mattress.  They have a firm, supportive sole and enough width and flexibility that my monster hooves feel snug and comfortable.The selection of colors is amazing!  Wearing a size 14, it can be hard to find shoes that come in more than black, brown, or white.  This shoe comes in a rainbow of cool colors, and are affordable enough that I can splurge on several pairs to suit my many colored moods.  I have the Cabaret/Blue Curacao combo and I love it.  The pink is more raspberry/fuchsia than it looks in the picture (the blue is also a bit darker than it appears int he picture) but it's still an attractive, stylish shoe - I've gotten so many complements on it!If you have wide feet, I would definitely suggest giving this shoe a try as you may be surprised at home comfortable it is.  Mine stretched to fit my feet after only one or two wearings and now fit like a second skin!
B001CHG1YY Pleased by Puma My new favorite shoe. I'm going to order more pairs in different colors.
B001CHG1YY Classic Tennis Shoe This shoe is a classic tennis from my childhood. It's still stylish and comfortable on my feet. What a bargain!
B001CHG1YY love this shoe They were a gift for my 20 yearold grandson and he loved them.great shoe comes with two set of laces wide white and regular in black.
B001CHG1YY a narrow shoe...tight fit My son bought these for his dad on his birthday as a surprise, my husband wears a size 12.5 to a 13 but these shoes are somewhat tight on his feet. I recommend you go up a 1/2 size from the largest shoe you wear. Other than that both my son and husband love the shoe.
B001CHG1YY Left shoe disintegrated.  Right shoe is nice. Shoes were comfortable and fit well.  Small tear appeared in left shoe suede instep after 1 wearing.  Over the course of 2 weeks, more appeared, until the suede ripped and peeled off the shoe lining.I suspect that this case is an anomaly, but I'm not buying another pair.  The suede just doesn't seem very durable.
B001CHG1YY They run a bit large, but a great shoe... Again, Pumas in general run big, but this is a great shoe. Very comfortable.A no-brainer for the price.  ;)
B001CHG1YY Love this Shoe ! I have always loved the style of the Puma tennis shoe. I think it is timeless and much better than what is out on the market now. I plan on getting every color. Also Amazon has the best prices so far,better eBay!
B001CHG1YY Cheap shoe. It works. This shoe was fairly cheap.  It fits as expected.  Not super comfortable but nothing unbearable.  I would recommend this shoe if you want something cheap and aren't going to run or walk long distances.  Otherwise there are better shoes.
B001CHG1YY Excellent This is my second Shoe of the same type with different color.Fits perfect and more than that comfortable which is more important.Perfect shoe......
B001CHG1YY Great shoe!!! I just  love this retro style shoe!!! I have at least 5 pair of these types of shoes. I will buy more when I find colors I like.
B001CHG1YY Nice good looking shoe It is a nice and stylish shoe. The only problem was that the style and material was different from the puma suedes I used to own. My fault for not checking out the material. Also the shoe runs a little larger than regular shoes, which is something to keep in mind when ordering pumas. The return process was easy and I would've easily got one a different size, but these shoes were just not what I was looking for
B001CHG1YY Good shoe but just a little to big Love the shoe.  I matched the same size of my older pumas but came to find out that the shoe is just a little too big.  Nonetheless, I am going to keep them.  The problem isn't bad enough to warrant a return.
B001CHG1YY Great fit and finsh, terrible workmanship I love the feel of this shoe, the look and the brand. However it has been 3 weeks since I purchased them, 2 weeks since they arrived at my house, and there is a hole in the suede of the shoe. Right where the rubber meets the suede. In the insole. Hard to believe. I can send a picture to any non believers.
B001CHG1YY Comfy shoe, but some issues First off, the shoe is really nice straight out of the box. It is sleek, soft, and comfy. These are really great shoes to walk around in, my only issue with these sneakers and the reason for the 3 star review is that the puma sign is white and the material get dirty instantly. I mean wearing the shoe for a day or two and the sign is all blue and black from jeans and whatever else. I have had these in the past and there were no such issues, so this is some new material that they are using. The shoe looks dirty and old within a couple of days.Overall, this is a super COMFORTABLE SHOE, so if you can look past that issue i would highly recommend you try this shoe for everyday walking.
B001CHG1YY nice looking shoe this shoe is a bit narrow but it fits nicely and is comfortable. I am glad I bought this pair.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe This pair is just another example of why Puma remains my favorite brand of shoe.  They are so comfortable to wear and go with such a wide variety of clothes.
B001CHG1YY Puma suede classic shoe My grandson loves these tennis they fit comfortable I rated the shoe because he's always satisfied with the fit will continue to purchase puma classics thank you
B001CHG1YY Great Price!  Very Nice Shoe Great price! Very Nice Shoe.  Exactly what I was looking for. Would recommend to anyone looking for a classic sneaker.
B001CHG1YY too feminine my son didnt like the design..he felt they were way to girlie for a mans shoe. Puma is a great and well made shoe and the company is responsive.  picking out another style
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe! This shoe is not only nice and unique looking but, it fits great!  There is no need to break this shoe in.  Fits as expected and you will get complements wearing them!
B001CHG1YY Shoe runs small The shoe runs small I would order a 12 next time. I like the quality and look of the shoe.
B001CHG1YY LOVE THIS SHOE!!! I own three pair of the Puma Suede Classics and will continue to add more. They are very comfortable, and for the price, there just isn't a better shoe in my opinion.
B001CHG1YY Great looking shoe This is a fantastic looking shoe and really comfy as well. The midsole is soft enough without feeling squishy, so walking around all day in these feels great. The one downside however is that they get dirty really easily, and are a bit difficult to clean - more so than other sueded shoes I've owned before. Other than that, amazing value.
B001CHG1YY Great classic shoe! Puma Suedes are a great classic shoe and thankfully haven't been screwed up by being made and sold in stupid colors and designs like many other classic shoes such as the once mighty Converse All-Stars.
B001CHG1YY Puma suede classic Very uncomfortable. Could only wear twice. Stiff and no support.would not recommend these shoes. Puma Clyde is a much better shoe
B001CHG1YY Great classic shoe, cool colors, better cushioning but still lacks arch support. The shoe fits well, unfortunately it took two tries, as the last pair I ordered in a 9.5 in a different color are a touch too small. I like that there is better cushioning in these shoes versus a couple of the original Clyde's I own. However, they are still lacking in arch support, which is why this will never be a heavy use sneaker for me. Bummer.
B001CHI6J2 Why is it a running shoe? I do not understand how this can be a running shoe. I bought it at Puma outlet store for 30$. I liked the way the shoe looked and felt 30$ was a steal. First of all I had to buy a 9.5 shoe instead of my regular 8 Size. I still could not understand that. I feel pain when I wear them and run. Worst of all I got rough skin using them. There is too much of friction when I use them. One rainy day I slipped wearing them. I like the flat soles but this shoe cannot be a running shoe. Now, I just wear them to school. For running, I had to buy another shoe.
B001E1EJ1U Good shoe at a fair price The sole is a little stiff for a kids shoe but looks sharp, and he'll surely wear them in in no time ;)
B001E1EJ1U Comfy shoe...runs a little big This is a really good shoe I think it runs a bit big BUT not too much. Very comfy to wear.
B001E1EJ1U Boat Fitting Love the shoe but, the fit was too large. My feet lifts out of my shoe when I walk. Not cool
B001E1EJ1U GREAT SHOE THIS IS THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOE.  USUALLY LEATHER SHOES ARE STIFF AND TIGHT, BUT THIS SHOE IS OOH SOO COMFORTABLE.
B001H0EY5E Not worth the price. I purchased this shoe because it reminded me of a pair of Nike's that I had bought years ago and loved. For the price, I would expect a better quality shoe and one that was actually intact. One of the shoes, the tip of the toes, the material was never properly attached to the sole of the shoe. They are not nearly as comfortable as I would have hoped. Definitely not worth $70 that I paid for. It is hard to find a good quality and comfortable shoe these days and get it for a price that is reasonable.
B001H0F26O Great all around The Drift Cat II is easily my favorite pair.  I picked up the black leather with the Ferrari logo.  While a great shoe for everyday driving, they really come into their own when driving a stick on the racetrack.  When I take my Mazda out, the shoe's thin sole allows me great pedal feel and the rounded heel makes for easy heel/toe-ing.  I'd recommend these shoes to any automotive enthusiast who wants the best track shoe without a sponsorship. I doubt everyone wants a Ferrari logo, but its definitely a conversation piece.  ;)
B001H0F2T6 cool style with Puma comfort! I purchased this shoe at a shoe outlet and got a size 9 which is usually what I wear...or an 8 1/2. But 9 was too small. I wore the shoe anyway because it was so cool!!! So whe I had the chance to buy a 9 1/2 I did! Still love the style and now it is more comfortable!!
B001H0F70A Great Product I love Puma's, and I LOVE the GV Special line.  The only reason this shoe get's 3 stars is because my feet are too wide for it.  I wish Puma would make this shoe wider so that I can buy it once again!
B001H0FG5Q Exactly what I was looking for Lowest price on the internet. Shoe is very comfortable and stylish. If you wear two different size shoes depending on the name brand, go with the higher number. For example I have 11's and 12's, get the 12's.  I just may buy Puma sandals for the summer. Would definitely recommend the shoe.
B001H0FMQE awesome shoe Love this shoe.  Super comfy as well as great look.  You can run in these however, if you put in many miles on the treadmill or road you will start to feel it in your feet.  Great all purpose and I get tons of compliments on the look.  Have them in blue and pink!!
B001H0FX40 Great shoe! Great shoe!  It was more gray than "Natural" colored.  They run small - about a half size, but if you wear them around the house with two pairs of socks for a few hours, they fit like a glove.LOVE MY PUMAS !!
B001OON2BA good shoe great shoe very light, look totally sick! have not worn through in any places like some shoes have i really like driving in them. very comfortable and good lookin what more can you ask for?
B001OON48G Mixed feelings but overall a great feel and look shoe This shoe looks great! I love the white strap that wraps around the width of the shoe. It gives a nice sharp and sleek look to the shoe.Since I don't really like the whole skateboard culture kind of shoe, I felt a little weary buying this shoe as it does have some implications of that kind of shoe. However, this shoe does look great and feels great on your feet. It's an awesome casual shoe.However, perhaps because the bottom side of the shoe is white, but it is extremely easy to get it dirty. After only about 2 weeks of use, the white portion is already gray.Overall, I would buy it because of it's cheap price ($35) and because there are no shoe laces. Who likes shoe laces? Why can't we all just be simple and like kids again, never having to worry about typing shoe laces. Just slip on the shoe and you're set to explore the world.I say buy with confidence but awareness that the shoe may get dirty rather quickly.
B001OONB66 Hot Shoe This shoe is great.  I wanted a bright yellow driving shoe to match the car, and Puma makes a good driving shoe with plenty of grip, good feel, and light weight.  The suede means you better noy drive in the rain and the arch support is moderate like most driving shoes, but it is one of the best I have purchased on balance.  I highly recommend it.
B001OONCDS Gets it done I loved the shoes when I got them, but the elastic shoe string straps broke. The Velcro still holds the shoe closed and they still work so I guess its OK.  I don't recommend the shoe for running.  I just use the shoes for lifting as they provide a balanced flat grip on the floor.
B001OONDM8 The Most Comfortable Gym Shoe Ever This shoe is fabulous!  I bought a men gym shoe in a smaller size because they are an excellent pass for a women style sneaker.  I tried these on in the store before I came back to buy them on Amazon (because it was cheaper) and they are very comfortable.  I love these much better than any Nike shoe the style and comfort just doesn't compare.  They are great I have had them for over a year now and they still look brand new and feel just as good as the 1st day.  They hold up well because the quality is exceptional!  Love em'
B001OONE3Q Odd, but pretty good. I'm an older guy. This is the first pair of Pumas I've had since I replaced my old leather-soled football cleats with a pair of Puma soccer shoes with rubber soles and short rubber cleats. That was in the mid 1960's. These sneakers felt like my old soccer shoes when I put them on. Not a bad thing, but not the comfort of a shoe that had the benefit of over 40 years of shoe technology. The sole is the thinnest I've seen in 40 years, though the heel is cushioned. I think they might feel really weird to a younger person without a point of reference. That said, they won me over after a few days. I wear them for walking and they actually turned out to be pretty comfortable.The first thing I noticed, that I didn't read on Amazon's product page, is that the tongue is sewed onto the body of the shoe. That makes it kind of like putting on loafers, or galoshes. If you are a style setter you could wear them without shoe laces and they wouldn't fall off your feet. But I'm not a style setter, and that is what caused me to try this shoe to begin with. Its styling is sedate compared to today's other "athletic shoes" with all the colors and stripes and lights blinking in the heels.Bottom line - a rather odd shoe, in today's times, that actually turned out to be pretty good. They're not the most comfortable shoes I have but I do wear them several days every week with no problems.
B001SAP4MA My absolute Fav! These shoes are absolutely AMAZING!! The colors are outstanding and a very sharp looking shoe. This shoe is unlike another running shoe. They are snug to your feet but not too snug. I feel like my feet are very well supported. The only negative I would have is that the shoe laces are a little short. I have a wider foot and even though I feel these shoe are great I don't like to lace them too tight and there for the laces are a little short. I haven't decided if I will be replacing the laces on my own or just using them as is.
B001VH73BK Great shoe Friend was excited about shoe.  Recommend ordering size larger than normally worn for proper fit.  Good buy.  Shipping met deadline as promised.
B001VH75I6 Great Shoe This shoe was comfortable and durable. I am hard on shoes and I was quite happy with this one. It is a very cute and girly version of a classic shoe. So happy to find it in my size.
B001VH7FA4 Not Loving this one These shoes look so good online but the toe part of the shoe is rounded and makes for a dimpled puckered effect in the toe area and a rather unconventional appearance. I still like Puma generally and will continue to buy them.  The shoe runs smaller probably due to the shape of the shoe which is narrow between the back and front of the shoe.  I love the colour which is one of the reasons I was determined to purchase it but after wearing it a few times I don't know if I will wear them again.  This is totally my fault as I could have returned them however I decided to wear them and now I am stuck with them.
B001VH7Q5S slim profile casual wear Fast shipping and when I tried them on they fit great. I figured I could add to the other review on fitting. I find the shoe narrow- which it is what I like.First time ordering shoes online after not finding what I want in stores.I would highly recommend black/black for fashionable casual wear above the standard skate shoe.
B001VH7R1Q Very comfy and good looking sneakers I bought these Pumas to wear to work (a business-casual yet slightly conservative HR environment) after a bunionectomy. I was told by my doctor that after I wore the 'boot' for six weeks, I would need a tennis shoe to transition into.  These Pumas were perfect.  They were sleek looking which allowed me to wear them under black and grey slacks without being obvious tennis shoes (although I had a note from my doctor that instructed me to wear non-dress code tennis shoes, I still didn't want to rock the boat by wearing big, outlandish, obvious tennis-shoe/sneaker type shoes that screamed "I'm not wearing dress shoes!") These Pumas offered enough room to accommodate my still swollen foot, yet was very comfortable and offered a lot of support.  They're a comfortable shoe to wear even if you're on your feet all day.My Aunt complimented me on them during a recent family visit and I in turn bought her a pair, she also loves them.  This is a shoe that looks sleek and trim, even on my size 11s.  They look great under dress slacks and jeans.
B001VH832I I don't like it. The picture looks good but in person the shoe is very "funny". It's a little uncomfortable and it's appearance is eye catching. I prefer low profile clothes and this shoe doesn't match me. I wish I didn't spend the money for it.
B001VH85RQ Comfortable, stylish just not great support for long days These shoes, like any casual shoe, does not give great support. I love the style and the look. They have mild arches unlike other puma styles so that is why I like these so much. I wear them all the time and have just put thin insole inside the shoe for extra support.
B001VH8HBK These shouse are decent. They are a half size too big for me but that's because my feet are kind of wide. So for me either 8 1/2 or 9 work for me depending on shoe brand. They are really light and It would be nice if the shoe would breath a little better. They are in my opinion made for like going to the mall or something.
B001VKXFIC Puma Ducati's Good looking shoe, but they have a funny arch in them, so it may be best to try this style on first.
B001VKXHI0 very well I bought this shoe for I bought this shoe for my son, he liked a lot and am very well. this model is very functional pumamy son, he liked a lot and am very well.
B001VKXHP8 Review from Puma Employee The Voltaic is a classic Puma athletic shoe that has been around for years. It is a great walking shoe, great work shoe (particularly if you're on your feet all day), and great casual shoe. The heel of the shoe contains Puma's fantastic ten-cell technology which has two layers of an innovative gel, with the bottom providing shock absorption and the top layer providing added comfort. If you are a runner, however, this is not the shoe for you as there is very little support in the ball of the foot. For running I strongly recommend the Puma Faas running line, including the 250, 300, 500, 550, and 800.
B001VKXHP8 great shoe for the price I purchased these shoes for a nice casual yet comfortable shoe I could wear on a trip to NYC.  These shoes were extremely comfortable for all the miles we put on.  They look great with jeans and yoga pants!
B001VKXX20 Black Pump Cross-Trainer Great shoe for my run to the gym (1.5m) and back (1.5m). It runs well; light, supportive, and holds up well when I am squating with heavy weights.  Overall great cross-trainer that goes both ways.  I especially like the sock liner. It hugs your feet and prevents any annoying rubbing.  And of course, it is a great looking shoe.
B001VKXX20 puma shoe i like this shoe very much.i recommend this shoe to others with out any second thoughtfinally i like to say it worth more than it's price
B001VKXX20 Slender shoe but big size I know a lot of people look for wide flat Pumas, but this is the best you're gonna get unless you design a shoe with the company.  That said,  this shoe on my dumbass wide flat feet touches the important surfaces without be being cumbersome.  I've worn Pumas regardless for years, (Turin, Speeder, some other thing) and I always adjusted but now I feel okay.  Still have a flat foot crease, but whatta gonna do?
B001VKXX20 great shoe This was a great buy. Shipped really quick. Only downfall to this shoe it runs a bit small/snug. with the single sole construction. there is no actual tounge to the shoe. great running shoe.
B001VKXX20 Very Comfortable Got these specifically for running.  They are a comfortable fit.  The tongue of the shoe is attached to the sides of the shoe so it can't slip down which I found to be a neat concept.
B001Y50VZY Comfortable and Lightweight I love the feel of these running shoes and I bought them at a very good price. The only downside is the color scheme, which is a little funky. But I am less concerned with color and more concerned with comfort, fit and performance. And there was no way I was passing up this high quality shoe for the exceptional price they were being offered at.Great shoe and looks cool also, although a bit flashy.
B0023NV8D0 c This shoe has amazing style and detail!ALL kids love them.Whoever wears them people will be attracted to!Your like a magnet!If you want a atheltic shoe that has style,this is the one!Now this is a good buy!
B0023NVE1G great shoe i really like this shoe since the velcro makes it a lot easier to put on his foot. especially when he wants to kick his feet around to avoid wearing a shoe.
B0023NVG2I great fencing shoe Pumas make a great fencing shoe. We have been using them for the twins for the last 2 years and have been happy with how long they last. love the heal on these shoes too.
B002ACPK24 Great Shoe I can honestly say that this is a great shoe. It was priced at an amazing price on amazon here. The shoe is of mesh material which allows the shoe to breath just right to help reduce the sweat on feet, works great.
B002C4K2RS Good Shoe On my quest to take better care of my feet I bought this shoe. I don't do pink normally, but since I am getting a bunion from wearing ill fitting shoes in the past I bought these. Didn't realize how difficult it is to find half sizes (I used to wear an 8, now I need 8.5). What a bummer! I bought these ONLY because I had been searching the internet for so long for a 8.5 shoe and this was the only one I could find.Anyway, this shoe is like not wearing shoes at all. The soft leather fits around my foot like a sock. I haven't even had this shoe a year yet I don't think and already I have worn them out. The only negative thing I would say about this shoe is that, having just visited the podiatrist last week, I can't wear the shoe anymore b/c he told me to only wear shoes with a "box" toe and these are pointy toes. That's the only downside. But if you can get style and comfort in one shoe, this is the shoe.But I have to have surgery on my big toe (which involves filing and will have to have pins inserted in my toe joint) so my relationship with pointy toe shoes has to end. Take my word for it, take care of your feet!
B002C4K3GS Good shoe Shoe fits well - looks nice - water resistant.  I wish it had better arch supports, but that's what Dr. Scholl's are for!
B002C4K9LC it' a shoe What more can you ask for.  It was inexpensive.  It covers my feet.  It is relatively comfortable.  Probably won't last longer than six months, but what shoe does anymore.  Even $100 shoes fall apart in 6 12 months so why spend that much when you can get this for $40 and hope it last a year.
B002C4KA9S perfect for strolling about town this is an urban shoe.  it is to be worn when walking around town, trying to look good.  for such activity, it is perfect and its price reflects that.  do not wear this shoe for running!  you will be sore for weeks.
B002C4KC5A Great shoe I loved the look of this shoe and I wish they would have stayed a little cleaner for longer. That was my fault. Great shoe and a great price. I recomend this shoe to anyone I even have a wide foot and it worked great for me. It's the old model of shoe but what a great look should bring it back.
B002CZOIF4 dan n Cool looking shoe not much support in the soul of the shoe and after one week of semi moderate use I discovered a whole on my small toe; the stitching had come loose. I did enjoy the shoes while they lasted just wished they lasted longer. Design great materials used crummy.
B002ECFBUQ Very Comfortable I hadn't purchased puma in a while.  I have very high arches and have a hard time finding a comfortable shoe.  I really like the way my feet feel in this shoe.  I've since purchased several variations of Puma and absolutely love them on my feet.  I also bought my husband a pair, he is just the opposite-flat feet -no arch.  This is also his favorite shoe and he too has purchased a few Pumas and no longer complains about foot aches.
B002ECFBUQ Comfortable When I first got this shoe it seemed a little small, but I kept it hoping it would loosen up some and it did. I like that the tongue is attatched. That makes the shoe more comfortable.
B002ECFTNA Stupid Puma I ordered this shoe in my normal shoe size. Don't buy this shoe unless you get it one or two sizes bigger than your normal shoe size. I got them and was so excited until i had to shove my foot in them and they were so tight it began to cut off circulation after only 3 minutes. They look fantastic, i loved the inlaid tongue and I'm sure it would have been very comfortable had it actually fit, but for some reason this shoe sizing scale is messed up from the manufacturer. Best to just go get this shoe in stores and make sure it fits before you spend your money on it.
B002ECFUCU Less than stellar These are great looking shoes, but they are darker than they appeared in the picture.  I usually wear Nike or New Balance, but chose these based on their looks.  If I intended to use them as a running shoe, I would say I made a mistake, because they do not have as much cushioning as I would have liked.  I have worn the similarly styled Voltaic IIs, and they felt much more comfortable...these just don't fit the same and are not as comfortable as I thought they would be.  As a casual shoe, however, so far they are great.  I guess time will tell how well they are made.
B002ECFUCU Solid shoe This shoe arrived quickly, as described, and well packaged. The shoe looks very classic, which I am a fan of, I never was one for uber flashy shoes, but this is a nice, understated shoe, that still catches your eye. Puma is beginning to win me over, this is the third pair I've bought from them in the past 3 years, and they've been high quality every single time. Only complaint is if you stand in them for extended times (4+ hours) the heel support isn't as good. Still really high quality shoes.
B002EENFC0 Thanks for bringing these back!!! I LOVE THIS SHOE!!! This is the most comfortable shoe that I've ever worn.  Totally cool style too!!!  The ultimate in "Country Club Hipster"...  a Retro-Classic!
B002EENFC0 Great shoe with lots of versatility I really like these shoes for the street wear that they can be. There design gives them lots of flexibility to use the shoe in a number of different settings. They have limits for sports wear, but that was not the reason I bought them, they look exactly the way I want a sandshoe to look like.
B002EENI40 Nice shoe Very nice shoe. This  was my second pair and not my last. I love the look, the shoe is comfortable and you can wear it with anything. Anyone looking for a good looking comfortable shoe, this is the one.
B002EENI40 Not for me There is no doubt this shoe looks great when you put it on. But I thought it was the most uncomfortable shoe I have ever put on my feet. I tried to break them in but it just hurt too much. The shoes were brand new as expected. What I did not expect however, was the red mark that was on the white trim of the shoe. It wasn't a huge mark or anything, but since it was bright red, it made it extremely easy to see. Overall, I would not recommend anyone wear these shoes.
B002EENI40 Nice Shoe I gave it 4 stars only because the shoe runs a little big. My son loves them because he can easily slip them on!
B002EENI40 ???? This came brand new but looks used. the pattern on the left side shoe looks worn. the top is really smooth whereas the right hand side shoe is textured.This fits true to size though.
B002EENI40 Good shoe! It's a good looking shoe, casual and the quality is good, they're not the most confortable shoe, but it's ok.
B002EENI40 Great Shoe for a great price!!! The shoe itself looks great with just about anything, it is cutting in the back of my heel but that seems to be wearing off over time and I've only had them for 1 week so the shoes seem like they'll do fine in the future, it is also definitely not for people with a wide foot, on the plus side the shoe is very simple and very easy to clean, and it's been holding up better than most of my shoes within one week, I just wear them whenever possible and they're becoming more comfortable each time I put them on. I was rather skeptical about buying online as this is my first online purchase of anything but the shoes did get here fine and on time, this is definitely not the last pair of I'll be buying.
B002EENI40 Nice fit and finish, good looking shoe I've already gotten compliments on it.  Initially, I thought the fit of the shoe was too tight, but it stretched out after a couple of uses.
B002EENI40 Beautiful Shoe! This is a beautiful shoe and my boyfriend loves wearing them.  The only thing is- these are the type of shoes that you need to break in or they are snug.  If you are worried about breaking them in than going a size up might not be a bad idea.  Otherwise, just break them in and you're good shape! :)
B002EENI40 Good shoe! I like this shoe, fits comfortable and price point is good.Design is low profile and casual.I would recommend.
B002EENI40 One of my favorite shoes of all time If you're lazy like me and just want to slip it in...no pun intended...then this is the shoe for you, it looks slick and always get complimented on how good they look and trust me I dont have many things that are considered "fashionable" but these are pretty nice.One thing to consider is your shoe size, if you have narrow feet then Id suggest getting a size smaller. Im a 10.5 but got a 10 in order to fit perfectly and if it doesnt fit then its as easy as returning to amazon and theyll send a new one to you. These are not the most comfortable and not made for long distance trekking so dont expect a pillow under your foot.Great shoe, great look.
B002EL3INY pumas good ties don't fit for the shoe I think the shoe it self are good. But my son is 3 and the laces on the shoes well there to long for the shoe I think. I mean we have to tripple tie them.. but the shoe is good but the laces suck... anyhoww so I had to buy him smaller laces but I live out of town I don't live in a place to just walk to the store im 20 miles out from anywhere...
B002EL3KQE Puma shoe these are easy for child to put on himself, kind of clunky looking but good support. color is a denim like blue.
B002EL3KQE Nice shoe This shoe comes a size smaller. Other that my daughter love's them, now let us see how long they will last.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe for the price This shoe was a little large, but we expected that. Our son was able to wear them right away and then he grew into them over the next few months. They wore well and we are able to save them for our younger son too.
B002EL3KQE G Very disappointed: I love the shoe, my son loved the shoe, my wife loved the shoe BUT! It started falling a part after about a month of usage. so SAD, broke my sons heart to send it back. I hope its just this one shoe because he wants another
B002EL3KQE Great shoes for our little guy However.. they are WIDE, much wider than any other puma shoe we have purchased for him in the past.  I love puma products but these not as much.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe! I didn't want to get light up shoes, but these were a great compromise! We did size up, per others suggestions.  Great shoe!
B002EL3KQE VERY PLEASED !!!! Always have found Puma to be a well-made shoe.  They feel GOOD on your feet and they last!  My grandson, however, likes this shoe because it LIGHTS  UP!!
B002EL3KQE Shoe was in excellent shape and package i love Puma shoe for my 3 boys , but this once specifically was too small for my 6 years old boy, also the lighting on the shoe was weird :)
B002EL3KQE Great sneaker that lights up BUT the front is already worn off in less than 2 weeks! The shoe was worn in less than 2 weeks and not consecutively and the front of the shoe is wearing off big time now.My son isn&#8217;t even rough with the shoe. I&#8217;m highly disappointed in Puma with putting a cute pair of sneakers out but not durable or long lasting at all.It is easily damaged!
B002EL3KQE Good looking shoe. My son really liked the light up puma and the shoe is really well made. I have purchased several PUMA shoes for my kids and they have all been good.
B002EL3KQE Lights in one shoe does not work Disappointed that the lights in the right side shoe does not work. We have to make do with the lights on one side as it would be too troublesome to exchange.
B002EL3LZE Stylish & comfy I love this shoe! Super comfortable and cute! It's so light weight, it's like not wearing a shoe at all. I have had several knee surgeries and have problems with shoes but these are great and I would definitely recommend them.
B002EL3LZE Great looking shoe My 8 y/o loves this shoe. He is still wearing it and they were bought at the beginning of the school year 2013. I would buy them again. They still look great and have held up to wear.
B002EL3LZE Good little tennis shoe Puma Tune cat B fits a little smaller be still comfortable.Looks like a good shoe we'll see I am hard on shoes
B002EL3LZE GREAT LOOK, BUT TOO LARGE I BOUGHT A SIZE FIVE, BUT THEY WERE TOO BIG. I EXPECTED A LITTLE MORE SOLE ON THE SHOE, THEY ARE RATHER LIGHTWEIGHT.  I AM RETURNING THESE SHOES BECAUSE THEY DON'T FIT.
B002EL3MCQ great shoe Fit was good. Super cute. Gets dirty easily as white shoes do...especially on 4yr old boys...but easy to clean also. Easy on and off for him. Strong shoe. My son gives it a beating but it has survived 6 months and still looks great.
B002EL3MCQ Grandma hit a home run! My grandson has wide feet and chubby ankles, this shoe is great the side of the shoe fits down around the ankle and the dip in the back goes around his tendon, which adds great comfort.  The shoe is easy to get on and stays on very well. Super shoe.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe, great fit, easy to take on and off These have been a great rugged shoe for daycare for my two year old. Bought them in a size 7 and they fit true to size. The velcro makes it easy for her to practice putting on and taking off her shoes. Great shoe. I would buy them again.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe My daughter loves these shoe very happy when I got them for her!!! She said they fit great n very comfy
B002EL3MCQ Durable Shoe Durable shoe & great for my active 2 year old boy! Highly recommend this shoe and brand to any parent!
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe! This shoe is great this is the second one I bought for my nephew. He love the fact that he doesn't have to tie it when he is on the run- a four year olds dream.
B002EL3MCQ GREAT toddler shoe! Loved this shoe.  Size seemed small. The removable insole was very handy to see when it was time to upgrade to the next size.  Extremely easy to put on a little one and has great traction. Machine washed a few times, and they did great.
B002EL3MCQ A Great Buy Bought this shoe for my 14 months old and since then I keep buying the same thing bigger sizes and different colors as she grows up. The fit is great. It is easy to put on and take off. Enough traction at the bottom of the shoe so she doesn't slip. I absolutely love this thing.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe This shoe looks so cute on my little guy. They are really easy for him to put on himself. I just wish they had a little more traction.
B002EL3MCQ bad material the shoe is cute, but the quality of material that has the puinta malo.el shoe is very bad finish. tnahks
B002EL3MCQ Fit as expected My 3 year old seem to like the sneaker.Not the easiest for her to unstrap, slip into, and strap on, but the shoe fits nicely and provides a level of comfort for pre-school.I recommend this shoe.The shoes shipped within 48 hrs.
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoe This is a nice shoe but I gave it 4 stars because the fit is off.  My son walks out of these shoes and they seem wider than most sneakers.  It is a very attractive shoe though.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoe, runs small! This shoe is just as awesome looking in person as it is in the photo!  Unfortunately, though I normally wear a 2.5 or a 3, the 3 was too small.  If a 4 would have been available to replace it, I would have gotten a size up from what I normally wear.  It is well made, and the hooks look too cool.  If you have a wider foot though, the latches won't cover all of the velcro like it does in the photo.  A very comfortable shoe, quite narrow in the front.  The sides are lower than I'd realized and even with a short sock, you can still see the sock. It really is neat looking though!
B002EL3MCQ GREAT SHOE FOR MY DAUGHTER! GREAT SHOE FOR MY DAUGHTER!  WE LOVE THEM! SHE HAS HAD PUMA'S BEFORE AND THEY WERE JUST GREAT!  WE ARE REALLY PLEASED WITH THESE AND WILL BE ORDERING MORE IN THE FUTURE!
B002EL3MCQ Good shoe overall - high price - but doesn't "breath" My son is 15 months old and will be moving up to the size 7 puma very soon. He has a pretty wide foot and these are very accommodating because of the adjustable position of the Velcro. The one thing I don't like is that they don't breath very well, so after a full day of being in them his feet get quite hot and kind of stinky. He's currently wearing a size 6 puma. Once summer hits I need to find a mesh type shoe for him to wear as it gets very hot here. Other than that we really like the shoes and he seems to like them as well. We bought these specifically because puma has an adult male shoe that looks VERY similar. It will be cute when my husband and son will be able to match :)My son is an "experienced" walker and walks really well. Not sure if I would get these for a "new" walker though.  Pumas were his first shoe though. Everyone says buy stride rite, but I honestly don't see much difference and when I asked a SR worker at the mall, she couldn't tell me what made their shoes better than his current. Guess she wasn't a good sales lady.
B002F0011G Great lightweight shoe! I've wanted a pair of Pumas for a while now. So when I saw this pair and they were on sale, I just had to get them. They are super light weight and fit my foot very well and are true to size.There was absolutely no "break in" period; they felt great from the moment I put them on. I've had many compliments on how they look and they don't make my feet look bigger than they really are like manys shoes do. The only con of this shoe is that many surfaces are slippery. I stepped in a bit of water and it felt as if I were on ice.Overall, this is a fantastic shoe either for every day wear or for running. Lightweight, comfortable, and it really grasps your foot.
B002F0053U Great shoe! Out of the box comfortable! Can't say enough about this shoe. Really had no expectations other than I liked the way they looked and I bought them at a great price. Little did I know that these would be the most most comfortable trainers I own. Great support and breathability. A+++
B002F0053U decent This is a decent shoe.  I am not crazy about the way the tongue is connected to the part that wraps around your ankle, but the shoe has good support and is comfortable.  It didn't take me any time to to break them in.
B002KAOHX4 Stick with the classics, baby! This was the best running shoe available in...1978! In my professional opinion, it still is! Well made, very comfortable shoe!
B002KAOLGC Pleased with this shoe While being slightly narrow in width the shoe is very comfortable.  The flaps on either side of the shoe through which the laces are strung looks unusual.  I think it makes the shoe distinctive.  Not sure how firm the stitching is that holds them in place.  Only time will tell.
B002KAOLGC Love it! My son loves this shoe. I would definitely recommend this shoe to someone else.I really like the color of this shoe. It looks nice with whatever he wears it with.
B002KAOLGC Good casual shoe Good overall casual shoe for everyday wear with jeans. - - - - - - - - - - -
B002KAOLGC Cool Shoe Comfortable shoe fits snug. This shoe is also a perfect fit for my size would recommend. Smooth design and Made for solid fit.
B002KAOLGC Sole protector  Puma classic This shoe is very comfortable and stylish, made of good material. love it would recommend this shoe to all my friends.
B002KAOLGC Nice looking shoe The entire shoe is leather, which makes it easier to clean.The shoe fit my size 13 foot like they were supposed to.The front of the shoe will get wrinkles in them around the toes, which you could not tell from the picture.The shoes hurt my feet because I am not use to wearing the flat insole with no arch support.  I knew they would be flat when I bought them, so no blame goes to the manufacturer.The shoe is what I expected. I don't know why I thought I was going to get a miracle and have a flat shoe that was comfortable on my feet.
B002KAOLGC Nicely styled Love the fit of the shoe! It's light and perfect for walking about, and looks subtle and casual while not being too loud.
B002KAOLGC They fit perfect got size 14 AND LOOK GREAT BUT...... There was a Big Brown skid mark on the side of the shoe and partially on the shoe lace good thing the shoes are leather i had to wipe them down thank goodness it came off seeing as how they are all white shoes..so that was not cool at all
B002KAOLGC Good buy I bought these as a gift for my husband. He was looking for this style of shoe, and I found a great deal here on Amazon. According to him, they are very comfortable. He's had them about a year, and they still look great with occasional wear - about once a week. They are a nice casual and stylish shoe for the weekend.
B002KAOLGC Fit as expected The shoe fit as expected. It is like i expected. I am very satisfied with this shoe. Everything is ok.
B002KAOLGC Pumas are great! If anyone needs a quality shoe, Puma is the way to go. The price for the quality of the shoe is unbeatable in my opinion. Definitely my favorite brand of shoe and would recommend to everyone.
B002KAOLGC gr8 buy Haven't gotten around to wearing it yet but its definitely a great looking shoe Its the first puma sneakers that I ever bought n I intend to buy more
B002KAOLGC Great shoe, but I really loved this shoe. It was good looking, had a great price. It is made of all leather. It really needed a better insole. It did not have any support. It ran long in the toes, some what loose fit. I will still keep them, just get some insole
B002KAOLGC Great shoe Ive had the shoe for 3 months now and it is still in good condition with everyday wearing. The leather is easy to clean and the shoe is very comfy.Great with a pair of blue jeans
B002KAOLGC Cres in left shoe I like them, but I am returning them for a new pair because if a defect. The left shoe has a cres that makes a indent when I wear the shoe. So the front is not round and smooth. I can send you pictures if I need to.
B002KAOLGC too expensive to break on first wearing the shoe looks real nice but i was wearing them for about 4 hours when the toe strip started to peel off the shoe. i had to walk around all day with a strap hanging from my foot, i was so embarressed at work and i would have contacted the seller but they are not available to contact for some reason. i was able to glue it back on but i dont know if it will hold. very disappointed i usually have no problems with puma.
B002KAOLGC Absolutly great I previously had an 11 inch size shoe of another brand that fitted perfectly. I ordered 11 of this own which kind of a little smaller than expected. I loved the shoe as it looks great.I would recommend it but consider adding 0.5 inch to your size.
B002KAOLGC You get more than what you pay for. Great shoe and great price. They fit just right and they dis not cost a lot. Went to shoe palace recently and came out with nothing so rather than waste my time going to some other store i went on amazon and found what i was looking for.
B002KAOLGC Looks Great, A Little Uncomfortable Love the ways these look, nice simple look that is great to just throw on and go out the door.  The only thing I'm not too hip on, and maybe this is different for some, but the back of the shoe rubs pretty intensely against the back of my ankle.  Probably won't be a problem for everyone but after wearing these for a few days hoping they would break in, I'm still stuck with a raw spot.  Overall though great shoe, and if not for the one issue it would have gotten a 5 star rating.
B002KAOLGC Very stylish, but very uncomfortable! I order the grey and blue color El Ace Sneaker last month and have only worn it once a week. THe main reason i only wear it once a week is because this shoe has a hard piece of material at the end of the shoe (near the heel) and it causes the back of my heel to bleed whenever i wear it for more than 30 mins. It is very annoying and a little painful at times. So in order for me to wear this shoe, i have to put band-aids at the back of my heel each time to prevent the friction that causes my heel to bleed.I just wish this shoe is as comfortable as it looks.
B002KAOLGC sharp looking shoe I'm giving it 4 stars because I got the Morocco blue and white shoe, and the blue us much darker than in the picture. It is almost a navy from a distance. I would describe it as a dark teal. The breathing holes in the front look good and just add a little bit to the shoe. they are comfortable enough. The only things I am concerned about is them not wearing down quickly and how dirty they could get. It is truly a fathom sneaker though. sharp shoe!
B002LASHCK Good shoe great footwear.  as promised and a blessing when navigating TSA or... when your shoe size has expanded (two fold) while on a 17 hour trans-pacific flight...
B002LH4RMM Great, comfy shoe Bought this shoe mostly to wear around the house since we have hardwood floors. Incredibly comfy shoe that runs slightly narrow, but otherwise true to size. Ended up liking them so much I wear them out running errands, etc. Would recommend.
B002LVUZWO Superb shoe How my wife wishes this shoe were still being made!  She loves it, and I am just thankful we found one more pair for her on Amazon.
B002RFXETK Cool shoes, Bad Construction This shoe looks great, but honestly is not good construction. There was a squeaky sound as my son walked, and on the bottom of the shoe there was glue showing. I love the looks, but for $96 dollars or higher, its not very good.
B002RFXH06 A great shoe and excellent value! This shoe is absolutely amazing. I was a little concerned that I wouldn't like the appearance of the shoe (I usually don't buy bright colored boots), but I gotta say it looks great, and it feels very solid for how light it is. It gives you a great touch on the ball and good control over your shots. The African inspired patterning not only make the shoe look great, it also gives the shoe that "sticky" feel where you can really spin the ball for shooting and also helps with control. Of all the shoes I've worn over the years (Adidas Predator, Nike T90, Umbro X boot) this is hands down my favorite. I don't think I will have many issues with wear and tear either b/c of how well constructed the toe and upper portions of the boot are.PUMA Men's v1.10 I FG Soccer Cleat
B002RFXH06 Niche soccer cleats PROS-Great traction on the bottom, compared to vapors and every other cleat I've had, the side to side power you get from these shoes are amazing. If you're a shifty player like a running back, defender or need to change direction quickly this shoe does wonders. I almost had to adjust my game because on my old vapors you couldn't really dig into the ground on change of directions and then I put on these shoes are now I have the confidence that I won't slip and really put power into the shift.They're somewhat light.Curving the ball is far more effective with this shoe than with my experience with vapors, and the adidas f series.Pretty easy to break in and decent touch. The ball really dies on your feet with these shoes. Great for defenders, I really feel confident with trapping the ball on long or high kicks.CONS- Touch, what you get is what you get. Doesn't really break in like a vapor or a kangeroo shoe. My control in traffic is far less confident with these, as I said the ball dies on your foot but this still does not make up for the glove like feel other shoes can create.Major flaw, there is a like a wall of threading where the insole meets the upper shoe. You can actually see it in the pictures. The shoe comes to a awkward point on the tip of the shoe and then the leather is not flush. Really effects your shots, shots will go high if you don't get it completely on the instep.Power! If you're avid shooter from the top of box and beyond do not buy these shoes. As I've said throughout the review, the ball dies. I can not create any power behind my shots with these shoes. I went from shooting flames to absolutely no power.Overall I feel this would be a great shoe for a select few of players. If you're a defender don't really get up near the box for shots often, don't really rely on shots and don't get yourself into tight spots or are not a finesse player who take on tight crowds then this shoe would be great for you. The side to side movement with these will help with your confidence in defense.
B002SSUUN4 Awesome Shoe I love this shoe!  I wish they were available in my size in a different color, I would totally buy them...like right now!  And I think they are true to size.  they are the same size as every other shoe I have ever worn and they fit great!  They mold to my feet and I can't wait to break them in fully!!
B002SSUUN4 ok When it says black coffee/burnt i thought the shoe was black but it is actually brown.. other than that the shoe is comfortable
B002SSUUN4 Perfect, comfortable runner's shoe I've always loved Puma, but I've never had a runner's shoe from them. I always bought "fashion" sneakers. These are like walking on air. I rarely take them off.
B002SSUUN4 Great looking shoe but.... Even though I like the look of the shoe and that it is lightweight, it grabed me a little narrow in the toe box area. Otherwise its a good sturdy shoe.
B002US8MGY Puma Mens Soccer shoe The shoes were  perfect. The vendor even expedited the order for me as I was traveling out of the country and needed the soccer shoe to take with me. Would order from them again
B002WC7Y30 Great Shoe if you dont have flat feet. Really well made. It was my bad for buying the shoe online without trying one on before hand. This is a wider shoe then most of their products. However, it still kills my feet even if just standing for a long period of time. It is however a quality sneaker.
B002WC82KY nice look. comfort could be better I bought this shoe based soley on looks. So I didn't have any expectations set forth for the comfort. The shoe is basic but looks awesome compared to all the other shoes that are coming out that are too busy. The comfort on the other hand is a bit stiff. Based on passed puma shoes I have purchased in the past this has to be the most uncomfortable. Typically I can count on Puma for comfort but this shoe fell below in my expectations. All in all if you don't mind sacrificing a little comfort for an awesome looking shoe then get these.
B002X78OCO Cute, comfy, but a minor flaw I love these because I don't like wearing shoes with any kind of heel at all. They're very flat with just enough padding and would be great for walking around (say, shopping all day). The only thing I don't like about them is the junction where the leather in the back around your Achilles tendon meets the elastic seam at the top of the shoe. I broke these in around the house and then wore them out one day. When I got home the shoe had rubbed a tiny hole in my skin right under my ankle (ouch and gross). I'll have to get some moleskin to stick into the shoe there or always remember to wear a band-aid under that ankle so that doesn't happen again. You'd think I would knock off another star for a shoe that injured me, but they're too comfy.
B002YD8I1O Great shoe I ordered this product at a great discount and received it within two days. Very comfortable, lightweight shoe.. Perfect for running!
B002YD8MTM nice shoe Shoe is well fitting and comfortable, looks good. If I had a complaint it would be that the shoeis not leather but I am satisfied with the synthetic material and it does appear to be well made.I did get the shoe a half size larger (after reading one of the other reviews) and this works well for me.Also I believe that the shoe was advertised as a running shoe, I don't think I'd recommend it (its strictlya casual shoe as for as I'm concerned).
B002YD8MTM Poor Quality Bought this shoe because they look awesome and I needed a casual white shoe, little did I know they were so poorly made.  I thought Puma had a good reputation for making good shoes.  The shoes squeak extremely bad because the sole can be bent like a sandal.  All of this began about 2 months after I purchased them and I rarely wear tennis shoes.  So, I'd say after only wearing them 20 times.  This shoe is very annoying, wish I wouldn't have wasted my money!
B002Z12R4E Shoe doesn't fit right Shoe is sized 1/2 size too small, so I exchanged it for a larger size. I bought the shoes for walking, and the shoe isn't comfortable at all. It rubbed blisters immediately, and so I've worn it only once.
B002Z12RU8 Looks great! I have wider feet and these shoes probably run true to width, so they're a little narrow for me, but they still fit okay and I still wear them.  They have stayed white since I've been careful not to get them dirty, and they look very nice. I usually wear them with a casual outfit. I have worn these to the gym when my plan is to lift weights or bike, but I don't think that running would be a comfortable option with this shoe. They are not particularly supportive  or cushioned, so if that's what you're looking for you'd be better off getting a normal gym shoe or running shoe. If you're looking for something cute and sporty while still being feminine, this shoe is great and inexpensive on amazon.
B002Z12RU8 great asthetic appeal i do like the shoe, but i will have to say it probably isn't the best buy for me since i have more wider foot.  also the sizing is just not right with this, the 7 is on the tighter side and the 7.5 is on the looser side.  so to avoid making my more wider foot hurt, i went with the bigger size and and now the shoe is a little too loose.  but it fits fine when i wear socks that are more thick.  oh the one thing i do love is the arch support on this shoe.  it is very comfortable to wear for this reason.
B002Z12RZ8 Good shoe! I like this shoe. Good look and style. It is not a work out shoe and doesn't have a lot of support. I really like how light weight it is. Pretty much like you aren't wearing a shoe at all. In the end I'm not really a fan of the shoelaces. I have had a lot of the mesh slip on shoes - like Merrel and several of my other Pumas. I will buy other shoes like that. I am a mom of young kids and I like a shoe I can slip on quickly. Good shoe though!
B002Z12SV6 Great shoe even on hot days! Very comfortableThin and light but still a very good shoe sole (shock absorbing)Wear them every day at workDon't sweat - even without socks (only barefoot insoles)Love them!
B0030BFF5Q Not as pictured This shoe is fine if you are 50+ in age.  I am in my 30's and to me this shoe looked like an old lady shoe when I opened the box.  I ordered in gray/persimmon and it definitely looks more peach than dark orange.  Needless to say, I returned them.
B0036FTA0M Nice shoe as long as the price is low This shoe looks great, and is pretty comfortable.  However, I noticed that walking when my feet have *any* moisture will cause the shoe to squeak from my sock rubbing on the collar of the shoe.  This could happen after walking around downtown for 40 minutes.  The other downside is it's not a very durable shoe, and my pair began to fall apart well before the soles had much wear on them.  However, for the bargain price I paid, I thought it was a good shoe.
B0036FTB1A Nice Running Shoe with a Flaw This is my first running shoe from Puma and it is a comfortable shoe. The only thing I don't like about this shoe is the tongue being attached to the shoe instead of being loose like in basketball shoes. I don't know if this is a common thing among running shoes but it makes it a little tight around the upper area. Other than that it's a good shoe just make sure not to wear heavy socks with it.
B0036FTB1A Good looking comfortable shoe ! This is my second pair of puma voltaic 2 running shoe and I like the wear and feel of the shoe. Even though I don't use them for running they are a good shoe for everyday wear. They are a good all purpose shoe and are very durable and one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Without mentioning any names I have owned nearly every pair of name brand shoes on the market. I have had some other brands that looked and wore good but for my money I wouldgo back to puma everytime. I bought my first pair of pumas whe I was in my 20's and now I am 54 years old. I don't like the style of alot of the shoes out now and the voltaic 2 is really a great looking shoe. I have already started planning to purchase my third pair. They are a good looking and comfortable shoe for the money. Check around on the internet you can usually find them on sale. I have ordered shoes from the internet and did not like them when I get them. Puma never lets me down. Keep up the good work PUMA!. I can't rate them as a running shoe, but as an everyday all purpose`shoe they are a really good comfortable shoe.
B0036INB2M Puma Mens Cell Voltra G Silver/Dark Shadow/Green Sheen Not Puma's best shoe, I was hoping these shoes would be more like the original cells by puma but they're not. The tongue is not the same and this shoe is not as comfortable because of that, I believe.  Also a chunk of the rubber sole fell off in the middle of the shoe, don't know how or when it's just gone. I have used these shoes for less than 2 months and am already replacing them,
B0037KMNAU fine shoe but thin! Fun shoe, fine, seems sturdy and long-lasting but very thin -- if you have any broadness at all across your foot, consider a larger size or plan to go without socks (which is what I do but thye're still a little tight). Otherwise, well worth it!!!
B0038QP3C8 Way Too Cool! In terms of style, this shoe was everything I expected (and remembered) it to be.  I actually owned a pair back in the day.  The only thing that stops this shoe from being a 5 out of 5 is the total lack of comfort.  These are not shoes that you want to wear if you plan to walk or stand a lot.  Still, even that issue is easily resolved by purchasing new insert.  In addition, if you don't rock these with fat red shoe laces (or shoe strings if you prefer) then you are doing it wrong.
B003A7PYEC If Only I had a Smaller Foot This shoe would be amazing in a smaller size. Puma always tends to have a great quality product. But since this shoe is not your traditional activity shoe it fits and appears differently. It's not as snug and not as comfortable for extended periods. All of those could be looked over if the shoe was as appealing in my size as I'm sure it is in a smaller size.I wear A size 13 and at that size most pumas are still alright but this particular shoe looks like a clown shoe on me. It just doesn't scale to a larger size well at all. Normally puma shoes still look good or at least alright, but This one just looked wrong in every way.I would recommend it you have a smaller shoe size
B003EE48UM Fantastic shoe for shoe gazing. This is a great looking shoe and comfortable enough for general milling around. They are fashion sneakers and fit that bill perfectly, so I wouldn't recommend them for a long day of walking or a game of basketball because they don't have a ton of arch support or shock absorption.
B003EE49MY Good he just needed a wide shoe in this version but still okwould buy more if come in wide versoin,
B003EE49MY Looks sharp, but painful fit The shoe looks great, but the back of the shoe is incredibly stiff and uncomfortable. I developed blisters on both heels after walking for a mile the two times I've worn them. Would not purchase again.
B003EE7NPY Awesome shoe This shoe is da bomb, I love the design, and received several compliments. It matches every clothes, especially on jeans.
B003EE7V8S Stylish shoe, great for summer Slim fitting shoe, great canvas feel perfect for those warm, summer months or spring, fall, etc...the shoe feels like a converse but more snug, sturdy, seems to fit my foot perfectly...its puma, its stylish, what else do you need? buy it. you won't be disappointed!
B003EE7VVA A great shoe for a good price! Every Puma I've owned has been an awesome shoe. I have a short, wide foot and these are perfect. These are a great shoe for a good price.
B003EE7XGS Great Summer Shoe!!! I was looking for a cute shoe to wear with no socks for the summer. This is it.... looks great with just shorts and a tee-shirt~
B003EE7XGS Nice Shoes If your child has thick feet I wouldn't recommend this shoe but other than that I absolutely love the shoe!!
B003EE7XGS Nice Shoe But Shoelaces Don't Stay Tied! These shoes are well-made but I would say they run a little snug. Also the laces are constantly coming untied. I am purchasinga product here to help with that issue. Otherwise they are very cute. I would order this brand of shoe again!
B003EE9L0E vendor was nice, shoe wasnt I have no complaints with the company who sold me the shoe, it just didn't fit. Puma must run a full size smaller than every other shoe I ever put on my foot.
B003EE9NC0 Awesome I have had these shows for three years and I still have them, they are really broken in and comfortable. The glue holding a portion of the shoe together has worn away but nothing that I can't fix with some shoe goo
B003EE9O4W Well Made, true to size Shoe purchased for a first grader who had already gone through one pair of shoes this school year.  The shoe looks as good in person as it does in the pictures and runs true to size.  It is holding up well and cleans up easily.
B003EE9O4W Perfect for any toddler shoe I like it a lot and it's perfectly cut. And he walks good on this shoe. Love the brand and colors of this shoe..
B003EE9O4W Good shoe. These are a nice shoe.  I thought the size was right on.  I would definitely purchase them again in a larger size.
B003EE9O4W Four Stars I love the shoe!  It's just too small.  I would order a size up in this shoe.
B003EE9O4W Poorly made. After a week of normal wear the rubber bottom is flopping off(down to the middle of the shoe pretty much clown shoes)? Would expect this from a cheaper shoe/no name brand. Think this will be the last pair of Pumas I buy. And now I have to replace a shoe that should have lasted a last a few months.
B003EE9O4W Awesome Wish they would make these in adult sizes...great shoe!  Lightweight, easy to take off and on and very cool color!
B003EE9O4W Good Shoe My daughter is learning to walk.  I needed a lightweight shoe that is also stylish.  This shoe fits the bill.
B003EE9O4W Shoe fell apart after 2 months. Unfortunately, after 2 months, the soles of the shoes started pulling away from shoe.  The soles are now coming off of the shoe, making them unwearable and unsafe. However, Amazon has agreed to take the product back and replace them.
B003EE9P14 Not a great design and colour represented here is wrong The new puma design isnt that great when you actually see the shoe. The shoe is somewhat stiff not as comfortable as previous pumas i have had. Also the shoe is a very light grey, not at all the colour shown online.
B003EEBGQQ good shoe Durable shoe, it has lasted for several months already. It is comfortable and can be worn for many casual purposes. I recommend buying it, no complaints at all.
B003EEBGQQ Nice looking shoe but not running (imho) I like the styling of this shoe since I set eyes on it, but after wearing it for awhile it's not what I would call a running shoe by any stretch. I have Asics that are much more comfortable for running than this shoe. They're a bit stiff for athletic activity. I wear these more of a nice casual everyday shoe rather than sporting activity. They're snug around my feet and I think the size runs a little tight. You might consider buying a half size larger than normal. The perforations in the upper keep your feet from sweating, but the padding also keeps them warm and comfortable in cooler weather. For the record I've worn these shoes for about 3 months now and I really like them. I don't run in them unless chased.
B003EEBGQQ Review of PUMA Men's Cell Turin Cross Training Shoe If you are looking for a decent shoe (not too colorful and flashy) for both casual use and for jogging, then, this is the right kind of shoe to have. It is light weight, and comfortable to wear because of the soft inner cushion. The sole has very good grip, good for treadmill workouts. Looks great and much better than the picture. The size fitting is very good. Overall, I would say 9 on 10 for this shoe.
B003EEBGQQ Most comfortable shoe EVER Size - I'm a 10 1/2 in every shoe, ever.  In this shoe I bought the 11 1/2 and it's a perfect snug fit.  I don't know if the 1 size variance runs across the board but my foot did not fit in the 10 1/2.I was an Avia guy.  No more.  This is the absolute most comfortable shoe I've ever had on my feet.  Lots of support, light, high quality materials and style to boot.As a running shoe I would say it's more of a casual running shoe.  You are not going to run marathons in this thing.  Think more like the large SUV that never leaves the paved roads.  Going to the gym, awesome shoe.I got the black with white stripe red accents.  Awesome.
B003EEBGQQ Inexpensive but easily tears. I bought this shoe because of the affordability.  The product fits me very nicely but the left shoe now has a centimeter long tear on the left side,  It appears that it was caught on something and it tore.  This shoe looks nice but very cheaply made.
B003EEBGS4 Nice looking shoe, not that comfortable. I found this shoe to be very narrow and long looking and not that comfortable.  Very little cushion-I knew it was a "fashion" sneaker but didn't expect it to have less support on the bottom then a summer flip flop.It's "okay", I don't love them but I don't hate them either.  Would I buy them again. -No.  I think they are over priced for what you get comfort wise.
B003EECZVG Versatile shoe, not so much for running I purchased this shoe in all black with white and red accents with the same make. It is a great medium between a "sporty" looking shoe and a classy looking shoe. You can throw dockers over them (unless they are yellow obviously) and get away with it.You can run in these, but I wouldnt necessarily do track and field.As far as durability, for about 6 months they have held well at all the seams. They are easy to clean, but the Ducati symbol on the side is prone to scratches, etc. I would recommend being careful with that.Overall a very solid shoe, as Puma normally delivers
B003EECZZC Great Comfort and Fitting Shoe This is a great fitting shoe. If you are a medium wide (D) wearer, this is a true fit, size-wise and width-wise. It's just as or even a better comfort wearing shoe than my Reebok or Nike shoes.
B003EED4XE Shoe is not leather as detailed in discription The detail states that these shoes are leather and they are not.  The description in the shoe states "Other Materials", Synthetic
B003EEH7NM Nice shoe, Nice Price Very cute shoe that fit perfectly.  Love Puma and the quality of the shoe.  Thanks for the great price and great shoe.
B003EEH7NM good shoe Fits well runs true to size great shoe for kids,  got them on sale too that is a plus !
B003EEH7NM Great shoe! Got this for my 5 year old son. This is a great shoe as he can put the shoe on and off himself. I think Puma is a half size smaller though. Quality is good as well.  Wish they made it in other colours.
B003FZ9TYA Amazing shoe. So, I really needed a lightweight, low-key shoe to work out in. As a martial artist, being as close to a ninja as possible is the idea.Needless to say these really get the job done. They're only uncomfortable if you tie them too tight. Giving yourself a bit of room to maneuver makes them easier to wear for long periods of time (8-12 hours).I didn't have much trouble with sizing for these. The shape of my feet seem to fit pretty well. I ordered my usual shoe size, which is 9.5, and they're just a half inch longer than they should be. People kept saying they're too small, then others were saying they're too big, so I just ignored them and went with what I wanted. :) No regrets here!
B003FZ9TYA Best driving shoe for those with a clutch I used to wear a pair of Johnston and Murphy loafers for driving, but they were just a little too flimsy to feel secure while shifting--especially after seeing years of use.  These shoes are perfect for those that want that solid heel/toe movement.  The heel is stiff while the front sole has that slight bend you need, yet still being stiff enough to make pressing the clutch in and out less of a hastle.  Overall, great shoe for those who want a driving shoe. I can walk around in them for a bit, however, I wouldn't consider them the most comfortable daily walker due to the stiff heel and narrow width.  They're solid in terms of a "quick run", but I've always kept an extra pair of shoes in my car(even since my Johnston's) that I'm more comfortable walking in for long periods of time. They're great as a snug driving shoe and for that I'll say it does its job. Stylish as well.
B003FZGOC0 GREAT SHOE I bought this shoe to wear at work, I walk A LOT all day long so I wanted something decent...BEST work shoes I ever had, took a couple days to break in they were a little tight at first (as pumas tend to be) but definitely worth it.
B003FZKU5W Great shoe!!! My daughter loves these shoes.  The only thing I noticed is that they run a bit smaller.  My daughter is a 3 1/2 youth shoe size and I got her a 4 thinking she can grow into it.  Well the 4 is just right.  I wish I would have gotten a 4 1/2 or 5.  Either way it's a great fit for now.
B003GPXR0Q Love my PUMA's I have a love for PUMA's and I wanted this shoe from another site and was way excited when I saw it on Amazon for a better price. It is a very comfortable walking and running shoe & fits true to size. The colors are girly but not too pink at the same time! Would definitely recommend.
B003LY4K7G Great road shoe What else is there to say? Just note that these wont do very well for cross training or trail running, but theyre a great minimalist road shoe. They do run just a TAD big. I normaly wear a 10 1/2 and these push me to almost needing a 10. Just so you know.
B003LY4MNI Not a bad shoe It took some getting use to but overall it is a good shoe. Fairly light with plenty of cushion. Arches are a little low but it is not completely flat either.
B003LY4U5S Light like Heaven This shoe is very very light- the lightest Ive ever had for a shoe. it is also very comfortable.ive been wearing them for 2 years. the rubber bottom and wearing away and the sole is too, but i still wear them for the comfort. I ordered another puma shoe because pumas are the best brand!sometimes the my feet hurt from running alot, but i think it is because i barely run.i jst wish the shoes were made a little bit higher so i can be a little taller because my friends always say im short but they are the same height as me but they wear higher shoes.
B003LY4VNO Good Driving Shoe The shoe is nice and light and VERY slim and tight like you would expect from almost any Puma.The shoe size wise is very true length wise atleast in the size I got it in (14).Great for using for driving as it was intended for, but wearing them around for any extended period of time outside the car wrecked my feet. But thats to be expected out of such a specific use shoe.
B003LY4Z6W Marvellous Shoe. PUMA Men's Pwr-C 3.10 Tricks FG Soccer Shoe2 week delivery to Greece with an almost reasonable delivery cost(it could be slightly less). A great shoe, of extreme quality and great characteristics. Good leather quality and offers a very good football in-field experience(tested in a semi-professional environment). This shoe is an excellent purchase and the price offered is far too low than anywhere else around the globe(even with the delivery cost). I would suggest this purchase to anyone who would like a fancy, quality shoe, with great in-field behavior.
B003LY50XY Gotta love this shoe This is a great soccer shoe.  When I received it the color and design was beautiful.  As a matter of fact I like it so much I plan to order a second pair.  My son plays soccer as if it is the only game on the planet and the shoe has been able to stand up.  He say'e the fit is good and the I felt it was a very good buy for the price.
B003LY51L0 Solid, sturdy shoe I wore the heck out of these shoes, an hour or two each day. They did fall apart after a year but I did wear them into the ground. Overall a solid shoe that's comfortable. If they had lasted longer I'd have given it 5 stars. Also, the shoe is a little small so order a half size bigger.
B003LY524Q my new favorite shoe... These might be my new favorite shoe. I will wait till I get some more miles on them to see how durable they are, but they have exceeded my expectations comfort wise.
B003M1PH48 great looking shoe the yellow is more dull in person, the black is more ridged than i thought it would be. buy it to your true shoe size, so that it fits like a sock, if not, you will have to send them back and get the smaller size... like i did.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil Leather Fashion Sneaker,White/Sharp Green I really like these shoes. I bought these shoes because they were on sale and they looked like a good pair of walking shoes. They arrived right on time and fit just as I expected them to fit. They are quite comfortable and they really hug your foot; it is a minimal-type shoe so if you are not used to wearing a minimal shoe they could be uncomfortable. I think they are light and airy, they do not feel as heavy on your feet as a normal pair of shoes, I feel like I can walk faster because they are so light. I also think this shoe has a very attractive design. They are very sleek and athletic looking, they look great with workout gear or average everyday attire. They are definitely not a clunky shoe, they mold to your foot for a very comfortable fit.
B003MAJWCW Excellent shoe choice These sneakers are lite, comfortable, and great for zumba.  I already knew that pumas would be great for zumba, it was just a matter of finding the right shoe. This purchase was affordable and comfortable.
B003MAJWCW Long Lasting Product! This shoe was for my daughter and she uses for gym at school. She has been using the shoes for one year and there has been n damage. The shoe is very comfortable and has great cushions inside. Definetely good for running and other sports!
B003MAJWCW Great shoe Great shoe! The color is as shown in the picture if not better and more vibrant. The item shipped very fast.
B003MAJWCW Nice looking I purchased this exact pair of shoes because it was a great fit and looked so stylish.I wore these sneakers for the first time for a day of shopping and errand running. I felt the stitching on the shoe tongue was making a cutting/irritating/sharp scratching feel to the front of my ankle. I wear low ankle athletic socks with all my sneakers. I suggest wearing a higher ankle sock with this shoe. Just like the other reviewer said, the ribbon-like shoe laces do not stay tied. They need to be double knotted. I just changed my laces out.Another issue I have with this sneaker design is the rounded sole; rather than a flat bottom. It's a great look but the sole tends to make my foot roll outward.
B003MAJWCW The price was right It's a comfortable shoe I can wear to work and not wear out quickly. They don't move as freely as some other PUMAs I've owned but is still a good shoe.
B003MAJWCW HORRIBLE!!!!! I am EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this shoe! They fit fine, but the laces are cheap. But what makes me really angry is that they were yellowed! The sides and tongues of both shoes were yellowed severely. Also, the top of the laces were dirty. I know it is not the color they are supposed to be because part of the shoe is pure white.
B003MAJWCW Great Shoe! I was looking for a shoe that fit a slim foot and also not have a bulky look...these are great!
B003MAJWCW Didnt like at all. This shoe just didn't fit right it was to big to wide I hate the shoe strings I want order  shoes on line I need to try them on first.
B003MAJWCW Surprisingly comfortable I always used to worry about buying Puma sneakers because I have high arches, and Pumas in this style looked like they provided inadequate arch support.  Glad I was wrong - the way the shoe is built, I have the arch support I need and the classic Puma style I've been looking for.  The sole on this sneaker provides good support from the ball of the foot to the heel.  I've been able to wear this shoe comfortably all day doing my Christmas shopping, and even lasted an 8-hour shift on my feet while working on the hospital floor.  Buy this shoe true to size, because the all-leather upper will stretch some with continued wear.
B003MAJWCW Not the euro shoe The reliably fittingIn a euro style that is classic and acceptable as a more elegant athletic shoe for touring.
B003MAJWCW Not correct size This shoe was way too big for the size listed. I wish it was a better fit because it felt like a good shoe for casual wear
B003MAJWCW great shoe..SUPER FAST delivery Comfy and neat little shoe..LOVE them so much bought the hubby a pair of mens black and yellow pumas which are super nice! Will purchase again!
B003MAJWCW Too short This shoe is too short./  Vamp is good and snug, but toes are cramped.  Need to return it.Might like it if it fit.  Thought I was getting another 186002-05 fabric shoe which I love.  can't use35171046.
B003MAJWCW ...as I expected Love the Puma style. They go perfect with my yoga pants and  have just enough color detail; I don't like an all white shoe. The only thing I strongly suggest is that the company put a better arch support and heel cushion in the shoe. Since it's a low profile shoe there is not enough depth to use an insert.
B003MAJWCW little white, but cute There is a little too much white on this shoe for my taste, but overall a comfortable shoe. The shoe is also very low, not much heel.
B003MAJWCW Great Shoe! Super comfortable shoe.  I have purchased several pairs of this style shoe and I love them! You won't be disappointed.
B003MAJWCW Great shoe! Great shoe, very comfortable and sleek looking, exactly as a puma shoe should be.  They naturally come narrow, so if you have a wide foot, probably not the brand for you.The only thing that kept this from a 5 star review was the shoelaces -- they are pretty thin and flimsy (more of a cross between a shoelace and Christmas ribbon).  This didn't worry me much though;  I ordered separate laces in different colors.Overall -- a great buy.  Love the shoes.
B003MAJWCW Runs a bit small They fit a bit tight and are very thin.  The shoe laces feel like they will not hold up well.
B003MAJWCW Cute, casual sneakers These shoes look great. I like that they are a slimmer style and they look great with jeans. They are surprisingly comfortable for how thin they are. The only negatives I have is the thinness of the body of the shoe and the shoe laces. The laces are kind of like ribbon and so they don't stay tied very well. This shoe definitely isn't for cold weather. The shoe is pretty thin. Overall I really like these shoes.
B003MAJWCW Cute shoe Shoe is nice looking but not as comfortable for walking as I had expected.  It also has much less support that anticipated
B003MAJWCW Casual sneaker I ordered this shoe one-half size larger than I normally wear and it is a perfect fit. It works well for casual  and leisure events. It did not receive top ratings due to the wrinkling across the front of the shoe after continuous wear.
B003MAJWCW try again I like the way the shoe feels under the arch but it seems to run wide at the top where your toes bend and makes a big crease when you walk that is uncomfortable. The shoe laces weren't sport laces so had to switch them.
B003MAJWCW Love Them Great shoe have I have had them in the past for walking!only shoe I can walk in everyday and not get pain inmy shins...Fast Delivery!
B003MAJWCW not for zumba The shoe is fine with great arch support, but it's not for zumba.  I have knee problems, and these shoes do not pivot well.  Other than that, no problems.  Still looking for a good zumba shoe.
B003MAJWCW Good shoe They fit a bit different from my other puma's but over all they have help up well and they are comfortable for my narrower foot.
B003MAJYTS Great Shoe. Wish this shoe came in a Wide width, but even though it doesn't the shoe has still stretched enough to fit my slightly wide feet.A year after buying them they are still holding up and fitting great.  Would absolutely buy these again.
B003MSMI2K Great Shoe Great Shoe! I have a big toe joint problem and was looking for a wider shoe with stiff front sole. I have been playing pain free since this purchase. I recommend this shoe, nice looking as well
B003MSMI2K Great Shoe I really like the styling on this golf shoe. I have some foot injuries that make many normal tennis shoes uncomfortable. Golf shoes have a stiff sole that helps so I simply use "street cleats" and wear them everywhere. I would definitely buy this style again.
B003R4ZMYK Puma Voltaic are the best shoes I love these shoes and have over 10 pairs. Great breathable mesh toe area. But the best part is the tongue. It's not your typical tongue that slides from side to side , it actually is part of the shoe and is soft . You can easily slide he shoe on and off, and feels great when you run
B003S9VJU0 Cat With Power I Previously Owned A Puma Soccer Shoe which served Me Very Good So When I Had To Replace The Old One Puma Was The First Thing That came To Mind. I Have Nothing But Praise For My Puma Powercat, It's Lightweight, Colourful, Stylish And Well Made Which Makes It A Great Shoe For Playing, My Only Issue Is The Shoe Doesn't Flap Which Mean I Have To Keep Fixing The Tongue On Occasions But Overall I'm Very Much Satisfied With My Powercat, Will recommend To Anyone, As I Write I Am looking Forward To A couple Hours so I Can Slip My Feet Into The Powercat And Have Some Competition.
B003U6ZTK2 Girls love these shoes I am happy with this shoe purchase as well as my girls, one daughter (age 7, shoe size 1.5) has a WIDE foot and finds the shoe quite comfortable and has received complements on them.  My other daughter (age 6, shoe size 1) also found the shoes comfortable and fit to true shoe size.
B003U6ZW7M Stood the test I bought these for my rough and tumble grandson. They have held up to his abuse. Really good quality shoe. He is bad about not always wearing socks and he wore out the footbed lining. Very easily replaced with a $1.00 pair of insoles that I traced, cut out,inserted...new life for this shoe. Really well made shoe. Definitely recommend.
B003U892HG nice shoe...doesnt last long though My son was very excited to get this shoe, however after only having them for two weeks the puma sign on the side of the shoe faded off quickly....I just think it's a lot of money for a shoe that does not hold up as well as it should.
B003UBTQJW Baby's first shoe I hadn't realized when I bought them that they were designed to be able to put on your baby's foot one handed by mama. The top flap folds back and it opens up wide enough to slip babys foot back in. I don't know how many times we have been somewhere and my son has kicked off a shoe while I'm holding him and there is not a good place to sit him to put it back on. Or it would be a super hassle so the shoe just goes into the babybag. But I hold him in one hand, ask my daughter to retrieve the shoe and I open it and slip it on. No problem. I was concerned about the shoes being white and him crawling and getting them dirty and worn, but, these shoes have held up and wipe off super easy. Oh, the sole inside removes and you can put it on the bottom of baby's foot and it will show you if it the right size for baby's foot.
B003V6ZUFA The best shoe for shooting This is the best shoe for shooting it is incredible with a great touch due to the kangaroo leather and very comfortable
B00416BRQK cheaply made We just got these shoes in last week and the logo on the tongue of the shoe is already starting to smear and the thread is coming out from the bottom front part of the right shoe.  He's only worn them 2 full days to school.  Seems like there will be no shoes left in a month.  Not worth the money.
B00417XVC2 Love the Puma Love the color, black, red and little white. This shoe is light and has great traction on the road walking or jogging. I had other puma's but this shoe is good on the road.
B0042AMTOE Great Shoe! Love this Shoe!  They do seem to be a bit pointier than the picture shows but once I slipped them on, I didn't want to take them off.  They are one of the most comfortable pair of shoes I own.  I also stayed with size i would normally wear and they fit
B0042AMTOE A trendy sport shoe These are great.  I wanted a sport shoe without the traditional lace up/velcro.  This is a slip on; secure, comfortable and looks good.
B0042AN0PG A little tight I should have ordered this as a size 12 or 11 1/2 if available but I still likeed the shoe and still have them for around the house lounging around but not good for any strenuous sport because of snug because of size, not the shoe.
B0042ANT48 Perfect fit ! I have read the reviews on amazon about the shoe size and purchased a size 12  I usually wear 10.5). I must say this shoe fits perfectly on my feet, it is very very comfortable and looks just as advertised. In terms of durability, I must admit if you kick a ball around the field it will eventually wear but my intention is to hang out at a sports bar or for casual social gatherings. I am a satisfied customer.
B00439GBOS GREAT SHOES Shipment came earlier than expected which is awesome!  The shoes are incredible!  The size is exact to my typical size and they are very comfortable.  They look awesome and seem to be a shoe that will last for a long time.  Great shoe for the price!
B00439GCEM Suede Tears My husband bought these for me as a gift, and I was so excited to get them. They are super cute, comfortable, and fit me well. However, after just a few wears the suede near the toe of the left shoe just decided to split. I have taken them to a shoe repair place and tried to fix them myself but they are unfixable. What a waste.
B00439GCEM Good all around shoe Love the color (a darker grey). Nice neutral color. Not for running but a great, comfortable shoe for every day wear.
B00439GCEM Great Shoe Use these shoes for waitressing and cosmotology.  Very comfortable shoe!I would recommend these shoes to anyone that stays on their feet for prolonged periods.
B00439GCEM love the shoe!! shoe is well worth the price!! love it!!  I've seen similar like this at much higher prices. comfort is great!!
B00439GCEM Really disappointed. The shoe tore within the first 3 weeks.The right shoe along the top of the shoe, along the seam where the stripes start.Can't even believe it.
B00439GCEM for my daughter She likes these a lot...however, they fit a little larger than the actual size.  Like me, she is an 8 -- and the shoe fits closer to 8.5  otherwise...it is a nice shoe...
B00439GCEM nice shoe i really like how they look.  at first they felt weird.  the sole is different than a regular shoe.  but after a couple of days i got used to it and i like them a lot.
B00439GCEM Great shoe This shoe is so comfortable I hate to take them off at the end of the day!Perfect for running around in, working or shopping.  My feet and legs don't ache at the end of a long day at work anymore.  I have a job where I'm on my feet the entire day, so it was nice to find a shoe that is this comfortable.  Would recommend it to anyone.
B00439GCEM GREAT LOOKING SHOE!! GREAT LOOKING SHOE!!BUT......feels like men's Sizing--extra long and wide...had to return but willlikely order another PUMA, great brand.
B00439GCEM lightweight, lacks support. Love this shoe for it's purpose. I live in a cold climate where much of the winter is spent in bulky snow boots so I needed a lightweight shoe I could carry in my backpack for walking around campus. It's great for summertime as well.It's a simple, slim fitting shoe but if I am to be doing a lot of walking I stick with something with a little more stability and support. Love the low-cut fit and the suede is breathable yet doesn't let any moisture in.
B00439GCEM Very comfy shoe I saw someone at a doc office have these and liked the look of them. When I tried them on at a local retailer they were even more comfy than they look! Great shoe and very comfy.
B0044VCQIA euro size is incorrect This is a beautiful shoe that follows the form of the foot. It is lightweight and flexible, the design akin to a jazz oxford dance shoe, but with a thin rubber sole added. For those looking for support, this is not your shoe because it is almost like barefoot. Those who order by European size BEWARE as  sizing is incorrect. A 38 in this shoe is really a 37 (or US 6.5-7). Order one size up from normal if you are ordering by European sizing.
B0049J57OM Best Gym shoe ever!!! This was the best shoe I have ever used for training.  They are so light they feel like your wearing nothing.  I don't think this shoe would be great for running outside as the sole does not provide alot of support, it's pure treadmill for me.
B0049J57OM Another pair added to my collection. Shoe is stylish and lightweight. Material of upper is breathable, sole is flat and flexible and overall the shoe is comfortable. However my one problem with this shoe is the sole flexes so easily that the inner sole which is not glued down to the inside doesn't stay in place. It is annoying to have to remove the shoe every 20 mins to put it back in place or bear the discomfort. Other than that the shoe is cheaply priced for a reason.... it is low quality and just a stylish casual shoe resembling a running shoe.
B0049J57OM Wonderful These Faas 300 sneakers are great for what they are: a lightweight, minimalist shoe that performs wonders on the track. I use these for interval training on a track, and I could not have asked for a better shoe. The 300's have adequate cushioning and good support for hour-long workouts.I ordered the Lime Punch/Fluo Orange pair, and they are much brighter in person. Not a bad thing, in my opinion.A note about sizing: Puma generally runs small, and this shoe is no exception. I ordered up a half-size and the shoe fit perfectly (narrow-medium feet for me). It is necessary to do the same.For the price, this shoe is too good of a deal NOT to buy. While it isn't for everyone, it is perfect for the specific niche runner that does sprints on the track.
B004DKPPR6 good but not for the 400 or below the shoe fits fine and spikes are all great nice design shoe laces dont stay tied for a long time my shoe laces come untied when running the mile. When i run the 400 sice that is considered a long sprint the heel isnt high enough so it often slips off. The heel is also very thin so my heel has hurt ever since i started running with them in track meets. Overall good shoe you just might want a heel cup to help cusion your heel so they dont hurt.
B004DKPPR6 Good High End Distance Spike Depending on your foot, this shoe will vary on fit. For someone like myself with narrow and slender feet, I found the toebox to be somewhat roomy as well as the midfoot region. The heel fit well and the shoe is virtually weightless. They look as awesome as they are shown in the picture and I look forward to using them for the 800m. I did find some of the materials to seem a bit cheap but I was reassured by a certified pedorthist (hope that's spelled right) that they would not fall apart after having used them several times and were a solid pair of racing spikes for my particular event. Though I had second thoughts after receiving this shoe, I am now convinced that it was a great buy and I would certainly recommend them to anyone considering running events ranging from the 800m to possibly the 5k on a track. Good job Puma!
B004DKQY0I Puma Sprint lll  Love the shoe I really like the Puma Sprint lll track shoe...it's very nice and light for running.  It fits very well too!
B004DKQY0I Not Worth the Money! Not a first time buyer of a Puma product, usually very happy.  This shoe is light weight and stylish but as far as quality it is very poor.  After first first couple of wears the sole started coming off the shoe. Would not recommend.
B004DSTRE0 Classic Style with a Contemporary Twist Puma has designed a classic ballet flat with a few extra features which make the shoe very comfortable .  The heel cup is built like any traditional flat, and eliminates the elastic digging in the heel most ballet flats have. The cushioning in the floor of the shoe is enough to make walking in the shoe comfortable. Ballet flats are not designed for arch support and these are no different, although they are easy to wear for a day of walking.  The punch of color on the toe is contemporary and attractive. This sleek shoe can be a "go to" in the wardrobe as it works well with slacks, skirts, jeans. Lightweight, the shoe is super for travel, and easy to pack. Leather is soft, elastic is sufficient to hold shape of shoe without binding the foot. Runs a half size small. Each time these are worn compliments come - -  great alternative to athletic shoes if you're loooking for a sleek look, and comfort.
B004GB0SNS Shoe is Great The look on this shoe is very spectacular. I love how light it is. The only problem with this type of color is that it is very hard to keep clean and it is not a shoe for long-term use. After a couple months, the threats start becoming worn and the bend on the top of the foot becomes move evident. At first when I first got the shoe, it fit very tight but after about 3 days it starts to loosen up and it begins to fit great. I would not recommend this shoe for running though, but I will emphasize the lightness of the shoe again because it is so great when walking. Overall I liked this shoe, I just wish they lasted longer, but a great fashion or casual shoe.
B004GB0SNS Shoe I really like the product and also bought the shoe based on the shoe size but once I got it, the show was few inch short so it's just siting the same box since I bought it.
B004GB0SNS Great fit and sporty look I am very happy with the Puma fashion sneaker!  It runs a size small, so I had to order a 14 D to fit my usual shoe size of 13 D. The craftsmanship is superb, and it is a very light durable shoe with great stitching.  I recommend this shoe for light wear and casual get togethers.
B004GB0T7S Descent shoe I first ordered the shoes and had to send them back because they were to small, I strongly suggest getting one size bigger than usual. Luckily they promptly returned them back in a week.  I bought these shoes for casual use, but have also ran and played basketball in them and they work fine. On the plus side they are comfortable, and look great.  I also really like that they're made of leather...makes for easy cleaning. Overall a descent shoe.
B004GB0T7S Too Small Outstanding shoe, but returned because they were too small.  That is the problem with buying shoes online, it is sometimes a bit of a hassle; however, Amazon makes it easy and takes almost all the hassle out of the process.  Replacement fits perfectly - please see my other review on this fantastic shoe.
B004GB0T7S Great shoe! I was wearing a cheaper shoe and had a lot of foot pain.  This shoe is light, comfortable and provides good support.  I had to buy it a size larger but it is really a nice looking shoe and performs well.  Good price on Amazon
B004GB0U6S One shoe!! I got these shoes and I was so excited little did I know I opened them up tried them on and the left shoe was a 1/2" shorter than the right one!! I could barely squeeze my foot in! I don't know if they were just a botched pair but I hope when I send them back they give me a pair that are the same size!! Otherwise they are really cute and the right shoe was comfy:)
B004GB0V3A Great shoe but runs larger Great color and shoe. Make sure you get your actual shoe size. I bought a larger size due to the fact i own several pairs of pumas and they do tend to run narrow. This one is wider so i have to wear with jeans. not shorts like i hoped.
B004GB0XVA Puma Repli Cat III - Excellent driving Shoes The size I got fitted both my feet like a glove. The sole is thin and tactile enough to give good pedal feel and facilitate delicate clutch control. The shoe is narrow so that there is never the chance of you hitting two pedals at once. Relatively warm and snug in the cooler seasons but waiting to see what it's like in the warm months.Excellent service from Amazon who promptly sent a replacement shoe when I reported my original shoe delivery as being lost.
B004GB0XVA great shoe I like the shoe, I just wish it fit a little better. I still wear them sometimes, but I can only wear them for a few hours.
B004GB0XZ6 Excellent Shoes! This particular brand of shoe has excellent support and is very comfortable.  I suggest trying out the similar Puma brand shoe in a sports store and finding your size.  I normally wear wide widths (8 1/2), but I bought this in a size 9 and it fits perfectly.One day I was not wearing these shoes and did a 3 mile run/walk.  I was extremely sore the next day and could really notice the difference. These shoes offer a lot of protection from heat, cold and the reflective exterior is great to have at night time as a safety protection.This seems like a costly shoe, but it is well worth the money.
B004GB0ZW2 puma! honestly, the second i pulled them out of the box i thought they were fake. because i own 11 pairs of pumas and they All have the puma logo on the tongue. All of my shoes have the puma sign and logo stiched either on the tongue, or some other part of the shoe. the tongue of this model only says puma. the back of the shoe has a tiny puma sign (barely visible). and the sticker inside the shoe is oddly different than any one ive seen. (that was at first). As soon as i put them on, i was like JK! Theyre DEFINITELY AMAZING PUMAS! Very comfortable and easy to break in shoes. and, Awesome seller, and very speedy shipping!
B004GB10LC great shoe over a year's worth of wearing and its still comfy. great tennis shoe. i would get another Puma. well worth it for the price.
B004GB11H0 5 stars Shoe! Very good shoe... very comfortable and it has a very unique style that identifies puma shoes... im very happy with this shoe
B004GB11H0 Would recommend. This is a great looking shoe! Very soft and since they run a little narrow, fit like a glove.  Glad I read the reviews and took the advice of getting them half a size bigger.This shoe really is just for looks. I would not take them to Disneyland or anywhere that you expect to ne walking all day. Which is fine, it's not like I go all that often. One last, minor thimg, the shoe laces seem like they are a bit short for the shoe. But, maybe I just like them a little looser than most.I have had other Puma shoes and these are my favorite ones. No regrets....
B004GB11O8 Very Comfy Fits great and I feel good wearing them. I needed a shoe wear I could feel comfy and not tight or too small.
B004GB11O8 Classic Tennis Shoe As a huge Puma fan I can't believe it took me this long to get my hands (feet) on a pair of the classic G. Vilas.  Super comfy and perfectly retro, I love this shoe.  The GV series seem to run smaller than my TT Super or Bluebird, so I had to go up a half size for the perfect fit.
B004GB11O8 Uncomfortable and not worth the price I am a sneaker head and I own over 20 pairs of shoes. I bought this shoe because I wanted something that was cheap, fashionable, and comfortable.To start off, the shoes came with puma's recycled materials which was a neat idea, but you find a lot of difficulty trying to pull the cover off the box as well as putting it back on. It's well fitted and you find yourself using more time needed to put your shoes back into the box properlyIT IS NOT COMFORTABLE AT ALL! Mark my words when you decide to purchase this. They say the tounge is padded but you can't even feel the difference. It's flimsy and also way too long. When I hear the shoes, the tounge is so long that it pushes against shin/ankle area and the irritation is unbearable. The tounge was very stiff and it made me not want to wear it after I tried it on for the first time. The leather that made up the shoe, as well as the shoe laces looked like it was made form really cheap materials and it just didn't have that authentic feeling when I was holding it in my hands.The pictures on amazon made this shoe look amazing which pushed me to buy it but when I had it in person, it just didn't meet my expectations. This is the type of shoe that is left in my closet to collect dust. I hope this review helps.
B004GB11Z2 shoe description or picture is improper I was actually looking for a velcro system so that the shoe can be tightened or loosened as needed. But it came out just as an ordinary pump without much flexibility.
B004GB1242 Comfortable, fits well, good cushioning. I wanted something I could wear everyday, and walk in a lot without my feet hurting. This shoe fits those needs. The cushioning is soft, noticeable and sufficient. The finish is good and the shoe fits well. I bought a size bigger than my regular shoe size since puma runs about one size small. I have been wearing it for a few weeks now and have no complaints about it.I read in another review that the color comes of the inner sole on to the sock. That did not happen with my pair.I would recommend it to someone who is looking for an everyday shoe to wear with jeans or anything casual. I bought it for ~$45 after getting a discount for subscribing to amazon shoes.
B004GB1242 Great shoe at a great price. Nice casual walking shoe - great fit, soft feel and strangely enough a very quiet step.  Some have noted that this is a good running shoe - can't say I'd recommend it for that, but in terms of a good walking shoe to wear in the summertime, this is perfect.
B004GB1242 Something new A huge fan of the Puma brand. I have a couple other pair in different styles. Definetly something new as I've never even seen these in stores or in person. What i like about the shoe is its shape of course, a classic tennis shoe feel. The things i dont like as much is the thin fabric or cushion, it feels like my shoe might slip of, something to walk around in. Really. Also the thin fabric might make feet cold. But thats nothing though. They are still a good buy and will show style.
B004GB1242 Very light, comfortable shoe but beware cleaning them Pros:* Looks good (I got the Gray/Violet/Black/White), a little retro looking* I got a great deal at &lt;$40* The white part of the upper is fabric which you can't tell from the photo. I was surprised at first but it makes the shoe very light, breathable, and flexible.* Insole is very soft and spongyCons:* The suede gets dirty easily* Cleaning (UPDATED) - The shoe is hard to clean, you have to be careful not to soak the entire shoe or two things happen. First the fabric starts to get unglued and forms little bubbles. The second is the glue ends up making yellow/brown stains during drying. I had to spot clean them again with an old toothbrush and still couldn't get the stains completely out of the suede parts.Other:* Sizing seems normal, another pair of Pumas I have (Romas) are too small so I went a half size bigger here but it wasn't necessary.
B004GB1242 not wholly satisfied. but a well-made shoe. purchase the product with great expectations. upon receipt gives me the impression that the shoe is not the original cougar. has no internal labels that distinguish these shoes. I have a size 11US and those who buy are 10.5US and found to be larger than those who had. For the rest, a very nice shoe but with news that comment.
B004GB1242 Great shoes! I normally wear a 12, and this shoe fit slightly smaller than my other size 12 shoes. However it is not too small. These are extremely comfy and look great for a casual running style shoe. They are definitely worth what I paid for them. The black, charcoal and red color scheme looks really cool in person.
B004GB1242 Solid Kicks I've been wearing and purchasing Puma Whirlwinds for the past two years I'd say, and they still are my favorite style shoe.I can't quite find another shoe style that catches my eye the same as the Whirlwind.Pretty comfy shoe as well.
B004GB1242 Great shoe Great looking shoe just fits tight around the foot. Half a size larger than your usual size. Beautiful bright colors.
B004GB1242 Alright shoe bottoms don't like wet floors Love the look of the shoe but confront level wasn't the normal puma quailty. I almost busted my butt few times walking into a store or even my house if the shoe bottom got even little wet.
B004GB1242 comfy Good looking shoe for a narrow or medium foot.  These were purchased as a hybrid golf shoe.  Good for dry days on the course.
B004GB1242 Great Shoe Look just like the picture, the color is fantastic. Got them in a timely manner. Awesome shoe. Just awesome. Thank You.
B004GB1242 puma shoe Purchased for gift.  Receiver has been wanting this shoe.  States shoe is comfortable and fashionable.  Long wear history.  Had similiar shoe in past.
B004GB1242 Good shoe I normally do not wear this type of casual shoe, but was taking a trip where these would be useful.  I find the shoes to be very comfortable, and light.  Since I was traveling on an airline I did not want any shoes that were very big or heavy in my luggage.  These are easy to pack and great to wear.
B004GB1242 Great shoe for playing drums Very light weight shoe .I bought these for playing drums and they work great for the kick.  These are also great for summer because they breath very well.
B004GB13ZK Shoe is NOT leather upper as advertised. Smells like plastic! After waiting two weeks for delivery I am very disappointed with this shoe. The tag inside the shoe says Upper: leather AND MAN MADE MATERIAL. These are not leather shoes. They look synthetic; they feel synthetic and they smell synthetic. The uppers lack any type of flexibility you'd expect in a leather shoe. What's more is that the shoe stinks. It smells like plastic and vinyl just like a cheap shoe you can find at Payless Shoes. Anyone who has worn a synthetic athletic shoe knows that over time these shoes smell absolutely horrendous because man made material does not breathe like leather. Overall, I am very disappointed. If the Amazon  listing were correctly labeled I would never have bought these shoes. I am sending these back for a refund.
B004GB14HM Right shoe a bit tighter than left. I like the shoes. I don't know if the right shoe is smaller or my right foot is bigger than the left, but the pair that these replaced didn't have that problem. Oh well, maybe they will stretch.
B004GB14HM Lasted less than 3 months The right shoe had a different quality of felt than the left shoe. My son felt the shoes were comfortable. However, in less than two months the grip wore down and holes started to appear on the top. It's less than 3 months now and the right shoe has fallen apart. Other Pumas I bought for my son had lasted until he grew out of them but this one is just poor quality.
B004GB14HM Looks great!  Nice price! Great shoe!!  Goes with everything.  I do not play soccer or any sport in this shoe, just casual wear.  Only con:  if you are going on an ALL DAY journey (hiking, shopping, walking, etc...), wear a more comfortable shoe.
B004GB14HM Amazing Shoe This shoe is everything that was described. Its really comfortable and is super super light weight, it really is a great buy!!!
B004GB19WW Awesome Shoe!! It's a great thing I did not take the advise of the person that gave this shoe one star. Unlike my counter part, I purchased this shoe, and I am very very happy with this shoe. I wear size 13, so I have to admit I was a little worried after reading that his shoes didn't fit.I put my shoes on for the first time, and yes, they were a little snug, but these shoes are designed to fit your foot like a glove, not a normal shoe. If you are aware of that, you will love these shoes.I am a professional drummer that plays on a daily basis, and these shoes are EXACTLY what I was looking for. They are a steal at any price, but especially for the deal I got on Amazon.Ultimately; after wearing these shoes for a day to wear them in, I love them, and they work great. You barely know they're on once you wear them in. If you don't like them snug, buy them a size too big... just remember, eventually they will stretch.
B004GB1A8U Great for Zumba (TM) I bought these shoes for Zumba(tm) and have worn them twice.  Before purchasing,  I tried them on briefly  and  did not feel  any discomfort. However,  after wearing them for an hour-long class, I noticed that they do run a tad small. I recommend that you purchase up a half size.  As I usually put on my dance shoes just before class and remove them immediately, I can still use them for my classes.  This shoe  facilitates my "dance" moves so wonderfully that I plan to purchase a second pair, but in a  larger size.Until I made this purchase, I normally wore a different dance shoe and in comparison, this shoe has much less traction. If you normally wear regular sneakers for dance, you will want to be conscious of the ease with which your feet will move while wearing this shoe.Finally, if you have narrow feet, you will need to wear thicker socks. The four-star rating is a result of the width, is a concern for those with narrower feet.
B004GB1AG2 Great shoes This shoe by Puma is similar in fit and style to a martial arts shoe. Its true to size for Puma's which fits a bit small, but the shoe is comfortable, and stylist. You can wear them with jeans or shorts, and the color brown ins unusual for sneaker or shoe in this style. They're easy to slip on and off, and the velco side closures (apart of the shoe tongue) make it easy to adjust for your size or comfort.
B004GB1BEI Puma shoes This shoe is okay. I cannot say it is great since it is a bit stiff and I do not feel comfortable in it.After 30 minutes of running my feet becomes stiff.I could have bought a better shoe but from the description and the reviews I thought it was a good one.
B004GB1CH4 light weight shoe with some possible issues I'm a runner so I go through running shoes very quickly. I'm always looking for a good pair of shoes that I can rely on for a few hundred miles. As I'm currently training for a marathon, I was looking for a lighter shoe to wear on longer runs that wouldn't sacrifice stability. This shoe is definitely light. That's the plus side. The downside to this is the material that the upper is made from seems very cheap. After just a few weeks I began to notice a small tear forming near the toebox. Undoubtedly this is a result of the thin, weak material it is made from. While it does make the shoe very light, it can stand up to too much while in use. In terms of support and cushioning, the shoe feels very supportive and I'm surprisingly pleased with the cushioning it provides being as light as it is. Overall I'm not disappointed in the shoe and will continue to use them but wish the material used on the upper was a little more withstanding of abrasion.A note on sizing, they run fairly true to size with a snug yet comfortable feeling toebox.
B004GB1CXI Nice shoe - runs small I purchased these for my son in his regular size. As they are unisex I thought that would be fine. The shoe is good looking, stitching is nice and the sole appears sound...However the shoe runs small. It's an index finger width too short making the arch of the shoe wrong for his foot, and lastly the shoe is a little narrow. I've returned the shoe and we are trying the next full size up to see how that goes. I've given the shoe only a 3 star rating for the fit. But give the style of the shoe a 4 star.
B004GB1CXI nice product but tends to get dirty fast Looks exactly as described.  The front of it is rounded to the side, and has the classic Puma shape.However, after having worn it a few times only, I noticed that the front of the shoe looked very dark and dirty.  I only walked in the street with this shoe, but it absorbs all dirt from the outside.  I washed them in a washing machine and they looked better, but still, not as new.  I'm a bit disappointed.  I guess that's the nature of the material.  You should avoid all congested areas, clubs, malls, etc, you definitely don't want to be stepped on in this shoe.
B004GB1E7C Puma 65CC Lo Fashion this shoe lasted about 3 months of constant use before it began to lose shapedurability is quite poor ( Perfect for non sustained casual wear, However I used this shoe for everyday street wear and gym)For the course of the shoes 3 months,Comfort was acceptable, nothing specialGrip was adequate for pavement, gym most ordinary terrain apart from wet grass :PFlat shoe proves useful for Gym, and motor sports (car)Good shoe while it holds shape, after that the loose fitting shoe makes for a very unfit for use article
B004GEATZ2 Just Another Shoe For the price.  These are definitely not worth it.  Sounded like a good idea at the time.  I was looking for stylish shoes that had no shoe strings so that my 2 year old would have an easier time getting dressed on his own.  They look nice but you are definitely paying for the name brand.
B004GEAUMY Durable school shoe I bought these for my 7 year old son as a school shoe. He liked the look of them and they were comfortable and light. I was pleasantly surprised with how well they sustained daily wear. I would definately recommend them and would buy again in the future. Money well spent!
B004GEAXIA Great Shoe, soft Leather, Good Price, look comfortable, Neat looking! could be just alittle hard for my kid to put on by himself Great Shoe, soft Leather, Good Price, look comfortable, Neat looking! could be just a little hard for my kid to put on by himself
B004GEAXY4 Great shoe This shoe is true to size.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars, is because the tonge keeps sliding down and bunching up.
B004GNQIOE Great fitting shoe, but.... This was a great fitting shoe. I loved the feel and the look. Unfortunately, the sole on the left shoe began peeling after one week of wear, so I had to send them back. Probably just a fluke, but worth noting.
B004GNQIOE great shoe last for a long time and feels good on the foot also wish it came in more colors though. overall good shoe
B004GNQIOE Great shoe Great shoe. It fits as expected and the sole in the shoe is comfortable and almost feels like a repurposing pad.
B004IETLOA good for the price/ size is off First of all everyone that wrote the review on this shoe is right sizing is off. I wear size 11. and i always buy puma shoes in 11.5i like to have that half size of room for my toes,(dont like too tight of the shoe)but listening to everyone here i bought size 12 and it fits,just, have not played in them yet, but i have a different shoe in same desing. they work ok, if you play competative they will last you at least a year, good shoe for the price , i would suggest new puma v5.11 much better shoe.if you looking to buy this shoe you can go 1 size up it worked for me.
B004IETLOA Not all is what it seems.... Shoes have a great look, but are one or two size's smaller than what is listed, also when they say sized D for wide, they mean regular to small.Save your money on this shoe and buy a different one instead, and if you are buying these shoe's for golf, search for just golf shoe's and 1000 will pop up, try the Callaway's, Adidas or nike's they are the best.
B004IEU08G Fantastic Shoe It fits a little snug at first, but as you walk and run in it, your foot starts to shift and slide ever so slightly and fits right inThe grip of the cleats is amazing...The laces on the side make shots a bit more reliably as you can feel where you are hitting the ball.I have never been a PUMA fan, and I usually go for brands like Nike and Addidas, but this puma shoe is a VERY good shoe.-- and it looks pretty good on tooGET IT!
B004J4X4TW Too short The shipping was really what i paid for and there was no problem in that matter, but shoe itself is too short and does not match any of my shoes of size 12. So all of you who are thinking of buying this shoe buy one number larger. Unless you wanna end up like me and have blisters all over your feet
B004J4X4TW Size is NOT true to fit The PUMA Men's Esito Finale IT Soccer Shoe is a nice stylish shoe but way way to small. The shoe fits as if its at least 1 and a half to 2 sizes smaller than the actual size of the shoe. I had read one persons review about the sizes of the shoe being too small but I thought I'd try them anyway. Well I've tried them and they are not just snug but way too small.
B004J4X5WS Comfort and Speed The Faas 250 was my first experience with "minimal" shoes. Although I was skeptical at first, after using the shoe, I have become a devoted fan of the series. The best aspects of this shoe are the lightness and the quick feeling. The shoe is remarkably light without sacrificing support. The majority of the shoe is breatheable mesh that keeps the foot from getting too hot and even reduces the potential for blisters. The sole is also made of light material and the tread is well shaped to give a satisfying feeling of a quickness.Despite my love for this shoe, it does have its drawbacks. However, these drawbacks do not merit a lower because they are characteristics that are not meant to be part of the design and are not marketed in such a way that a purchaser would expect them. This shoe is specifically designed to go forward. Lateral support is non-existent. However, I do not take away from my love for the shoe because it isn't marketed as a shoe for anyone seeking to move in various directions. In fact, it is marketed for sprinting and high speed jogging.My only other complaint is that the tread does not provide much traction. This is not much of a problem if you intend to use these shoes in an urban setting or on a track (which are the only settings I would recommend for this shoe). As a result of the lack of traction, do not expect to rely on these shoes for quick changes of direction. If you need a shoe for trail running or rugged terrain, this shoe may fall short of your expectations. However, Puma has a Faas model designed for trail that has many of the characteristics that make the series so special.Lastly, make sure you are aware of the level of support you need to run. Although I loved my experience with the 250s, I will have to upgrade to the 350 because they offer just a touch more support than the 250s and feature a little more lateral support. Ultimately, if the 250 is not the right shoe for you, check out the other models in the series. Puma has covered all the bases.
B004J4X5WS Faaaaas Pros:-fastest feeling shoe I've ever worn-very lightweight, no heel weight-more cushioned than expected, quite comfortable-good road surface feel-good minimal transition shoe for midfoot strikerCons:-somewhat small toebox causes some wear on the mesh-little lateral support with quick turnsThe shoe was definitely a surprise as its more cushioned than my NB's with less heel rise.Running feels effortless and fast with no turn over weight at the heel. The primary con is that I have worn a small hole at the small toe area faster than other shoes I've owned.
B004J4X5WS Great Shoe I am a fairly avid runner. I run about 60 miles a week on both trails and road. This shoe has been wonderful. I have had calf problems in the past and since starting running in this shoe I have not had a single problem with my calves. This includes at least one 14-18 mile run a week. This shoe is great for a avid runner or a casual runner. Will help you run in a more effective style and reduce injuries.
B004J4X5WS Lightweight but thin, so thin that.... SUPER lightweight shoe, like - really light. But after a couple of days, the front part broken - so my toe was out, yeah... its a very thin layer, like a small net - so its very delicate. I wont buy again this kind of shoe.
B004J4X5WS Puma Shoe By far, the best running shoe I have ever wore. I am a big guy, 5' 8"; 215 former powerlifter that switched to crossfit and every shoe I wore, my feet hurt like crazy the next day. Totally solved with this shoe!  I would recomend for someone looking for a light shoe that is comfortable!  i can't gaurantee it will last a long time, but for the price that isnt a big deal.
B004J4X6LI No cushion I was really excited to get this shoe. Unfortunately, when it arrived I wasn't too pleased. It's a nice looking shoe, but not comfortable on my feet due to the lack of support in the cushion or lack thereof. I use it for walking rather than running which was my initial reason for the purchase. I'd say for the most part, the purchase of a insole may be required for those of you who want a cushioned shoe. Oh yeah, it's not ideal to wear these when it's raining, because your feet will get soaked due to the holes in the front of the shoe.
B004J4XJ9C Great Shoe... I have an extensive shoe collection (over 120 pairs) and I bought this shoe about 6 months ago and it's by far one of my favorite pairs. I'm looking to get it in different colors as well.  It is comfortable yet stylish and easy to clean.  I toss them in the washer with a load and they are just fine.
B004J4XJBK Cute shoe, terrible fit I wear a standard width size 9 shoe.  This shoe is really cute - very sporty and casual.  It fits great along the back and has good cushioning.  The problem is the way to toe box is made - it fits great everywhere except the part where it starts to curve down into the inside of your foot.  That part is cut too tight and digs into the foot - adjusting the little strap does nothing to change this part of the shoe.  The leather is very rigid so I don't think this is the kind of thing that would loosen with wear either. I returned them.
B004J4XJBK Cute shoe! I like the shoe. The shoe is cute and pretty comfortable. Puma did a good job making this flat :)
B004J4XKEG Great shoe and the best price I found My daughter had been looking at this shoe at a local store but they were so expensive it made it a burden to think about getting them. I looked online and quickly found them on here. Made our life a lot easier!
B004J4XMM6 Cute and comfortable Love this sporty yet girly shoe.  Got them in Barberry and they are a little brighter in person, mostly just in the sun.  True to size.  Also, I've been told twice that it looks like a water shoe because of the fabric on the light red part.  That was the only downside.
B004J4XNCU yellow Puma's PUMA Women's Corsica SneakerI had to send them back cause the shoe fit just alittle big. I really liked the color, it's hard to find just a plain yellow tennis shoe. But I do love Puma shoes though.
B004J4XNNO Shoe too small Liked the style of the shoe, but did it did not fit correctly.  Also, did not care for the patent leather.
B004J4XNNO Great Great shoe! I ordered it big because reviews said it was small, so naturally it is a little big. Great shoe, though. Very comfy =)
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable and stylish shoe Love this shoe.  It is my favorite flat shoe and always look foward to new colors.  It runs on the small side.
B004J4XNNO This Shoe is a Keeper This shoe is very comfortable, fits well (I wear a 7M), and does not look sloppy -- retains its shape.  It also does not look nerdy -- it is a sneaker without being clumsy.  The grey goes well with jeans.  I feel that it would look good on young to old.  I recently went to an open air flea market, and it was a hot day.  My feet loved the cushioned soles, and the mesh (which is not of poor quality) kept the shoe cool.  I would definitely recommend this shoe to my friends.
B004J4XNNO very comfortable shoe able to wear right away, no wearing in and I highly recommend them, I have other/different flats by Puma and will by more.
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable, and dainty looking. I love this shoe, it is both as comfortable as any running shoe, but isn't quite so casual, so I can use it all day, and still be  dressed appropriate to about any situation. Cute as a button.
B004J4XNNO great shoe not much support but great fit and stylish - i probably need a more athletic type shoe for long periods of walking
B004J4XNNO Fit as expected and very comfortable casual shoe I have now purchased 3 pairs of this shoe in different colors and wish Puma would bring this style back
B004J4XNNO A very comfortable flat This is an amazing shoe that is as comfortable as a tennis shoe..... Lots of softness in the sole ..... But is as attractive as a flat.
B004J4XNNO Very, very comfortable. Good looking. I bought 3 pairs. If you are looking for a comfortable shoe, this is it. It's construction makes it a lot more flexible than most shoes. True to size.
B004J4XNNO Perfect errand shoe I do experience a little slippage in the shoe. I purchased a size 6 and if they had a 5.75 (I wish) I think it would be perfect. Overall I think the shoe works great for what it is and the toe area is roomy and doesn't bother my little bunion at all.
B004J4XNNO Great shoe.. Great shoe that can transition from day into night and from season to season.  It can go with shorts or skirts.  True to size and very comfy.
B004J4XNNO Dressy tennis shoes I like these so much I have a pink pair and these.  Great for travel, looks like a dress shoe, but is a great walking shoe.
B004J4XNNO a nice walking shoe with a bit of style i realized i had no walking shoes, and fondly recalled a pair of split sole pumas that i purchased back in 2005. i am glad i went back to the puma brand, as these shoes were a great find.straight out of the box they were comfy. the foot bed has a bit of a cushion (or at least more than any other flats i've owned), and the toe box is just the right squishiness. my only beef was that even after only walking for a few minutes, the heel area of the right shoe started to rub the back of my foot raw. i put a band-aid on my foot which alleviated the issue, but i am hoping after a few days of wear that these are properly broken in and no band-aids will be required for comfort.i also found these to be true to size, and not too terribly narrow.other than the heel issue, i wore these walking around (and standing around) for several hours the first time, and i was really pleased. i may even purchase them in an alternate color, i like them that much.*** *** ***07.29.11 updateas much as i intitially liked these shoes (and as much as i still want to), i can not recommend them as i previously did.the shoes never really got "broken in" even though i wore them quite often for several weeks. i still end up with blisters, which honestly, should not happen for a casual walking shoe. i took a couple mile walk today, and ended up with blisters on both my heels, as well as the side of my right foot. these also tend to pull at the heel in an odd way that causes a general discomfort.i will continue to look for a good (and consistently comfortable) walking shoe, as this one is not it.
B004J4XNNO Runs small Would have been a great shoe but the 8.5 fit like a 7.5. Would have been nice to know before ordering.
B004J4XNNO The shoe for all occasions This shoe is comfy and looks great! Liked it so much I bought a second pair. Perfect for travel as they look good with skirts and pants, can be worn all day with socks or without, and are lightweight but cushiony - love, love.
B004J4XNNO Perfect ! This shoe is just what I was looking for. I can easily wear it for work or play. Great fit. Very comfortable.
B004J4XNNO The color is in light grey, and not like in the pictures. It is almost white... Other then that... great shoe If you see in the pictures it looks like dark grey. while in reallity the color is very different. I was disappointed when I saw that.However, the shoe is beautiful, and very comptable.I have another puma shoe almost the same style in black so I ordered the same size but this is a bit bigger - it still fits thou and feel very comptable.
B004J4XNNO VERY CUTE!!! I am always searching for a comfortable shoe with some style.  This shoe fits the requirements. I never wear white shoes, but this light gray is perfect for spring and summer. brightens up an all-black outfit, and is neutral enough to combine with other colors. The shoe is light-weight yet has cushioning inside and a great tread bottom.  Not a suppportive shoe, but great for walking in the city. I add a splash of the schoolbus yellow with accessories and feel pulled together for my day. Am considering another pair in a different color.
B004J4XPIM Fashion Sneaker This shoe is sweet if you are going for looks, and something a little out of the ordinary.  The inside of the shoe is not slick: if I try to slip the shoe on, my sock wants to adhere to the shoe instead of moving with my foot.  I am left with my sock being pulled too tightly over my foot.  Feels weird.  The color scuffs easily, and a scuffed maroon shoe looks like a pink shoe.  No one has told eme they look pink, I just think they look pinker than they were when new.  Good shoe.
B004J4XQL8 My Fave! I have these in black and pink. They are super duper comfortable! Great casual comfy shoe for every day wear. I would definitely buy more.
B004J4XTC4 GREAT SHOES I have about 3 or 4 pairs of this type of shoe b/c its the only shoe that i can find that helps support my ankles.  GREAT PRODUCT.....hope i can find more of them lol
B004JF5URK Cute Purchased this shoe for my daughter saw this exact shoe on Nordstrom for triple the price i seen on Amazon which encouraged me to  purcahse them even more from here. Looking forward to putting them on my baby. She has a strange shoes fittign foot some shoes i consider a size 6 but she is  a 5.5 I had to order this in a 6 and they fit she is not able to do a 5.5 in Puma the pink suede is lovely!
B004K00GLE Perfect shoe I bought these for my husbands adult soccer league..He was so thankful to me about getting the perfect shoe.He informed me that they feel light on his feet..
B004K00GLE Adequate A little skimpy on the tongue of the shoe and short shoe lacesFits well though
B004K00GLE Thumbs up I recommend you guys go to the store and check this shoe out and see what size will fit you befor you buy it. It helped me out a lot . I thought I was one size and when I tried it out I was another size so when my shoe came it fit perfectly. Love the shoe!
B004K00GLE New puma shoes This new shoe really suprised me.I bought these shoes for my son, he is playing goaly for his high school soccer team and so far they have worked great on every type of field he has played on from grass to astro truff. When i was shopping for shoes I had to find a shoe that went to a size 16 or 17 witch are few and far between. For the price this shoe is very durable, I would not hesitate to buy this shoe again, highly recommend them.
B004KP726G great shoe this is an amazing running shoe...perfect sizing and great for a person with alil wider foot...not skinny like others.  very lite, true to size...i just bought 2 pairs of saucony and i almost hulk split them in half...def sending those back but these feel ten times better....i know what im buying from now on....puma 500's
B004KP73OC Another happy customer I read the reviews prior to purchasing the PUMA Faas 500 shoe.  I wear a 5 1/2 shoe and I purchased that.  It fits perfect.  The shoe has good support and my feet aren't hurting and tired as they felt in other shoes.  Made standing all day easy.
B004L27JCK love the look, hate the durability This is a great looking shoe and it is very comfortable. This shoe however wore out fast. The suede fuzzed up only after a few wears and they began to develop holes  on the outsides of where my pinky toes are within a few months.
B004LC3UIW Awesome shoe! I have worn these shoes for three rounds now and have not had any blisters or even close to a blister.  Shoe is comfortable, many compliments, but I ride and don't walk.  So maybe blisters are forming from more movement.  My foot also fits perfect in them so maybe there is no extra room for shoe to slide, been extremely satisfied with them so far.
B004LC3UIW Great shoe A great shoe, very comfortable and able to walk rounds without any pain. A little heavier than expected but such a good fit that you don't feel it.
B004S6WDDO perfect a great shoe for almost all in door sports.  i used this shoe for running and also for cyclling.  i't well made.
B004SGXUQS not the same shoe I ordered the shoe in the picture shown, not the same shoe when received. its still a white and pink puma, but looks nothing like the shoe in the picture. NOT HAPPY
B004SUANZU great shoe fits so well and is so comfortable and hip. as a start up lawyer, these make me look hip to my clients who are all half my age :)Great shoe!
B004SUANZU Pretty bad These shoes had a new shoe stink that I thought would go away. It didn't. It's only gotten worse with each time I've worn them. Not only that, but the shoe laces NEVER stay tied. Don't buy these shoes.
B004SUANZU meh Not sure what went wrong but the left side of the right shoe hangs over the soul  gonna have to return it . The left shoe ispretty good tho lol
B004SUANZU Overall nice Great shoe. Nice feeling. Didn't realize the sizes were smaller than normal so a little tight but overall, great shoe!
B004SUANZU Very comfortable Great shoe. Get a lot of compliments on the looks of the product. Have been trying to find a comparable shoe in this color for a long time and a friend suggested Amazon.
B004SUANZU great everyday shoe This is one of the only shoe styles my teenager will wear. It's his third pair in several years; he loves them.
B004T3M57K Casual Shoe Looks great with khaki's as a formal shoe but still comfortable enough to be used with other clothing items for a casual shoe. Loose but light fit.
B004T9HRAY New suede shoes The shoe is very comfortable and fits well. Great styling, in my personal opinion. Obviously there is the problem with them being suede. They shouldn't go outside into the wild or you will mess up the colors. Mostly a casual, indoor activity shoe.
B004TFYBB6 love the toning feeling The shoe looks great in person.  I love the toning action the shoe implementations I can feel it working on my calves.  I wear a 7 wide, so I ordered an 8M and it's still a little tight.  Also the height of the shoe once your foot is in it is a little short...the tongue gaps a bit between the lace sides at the top.
B004VL2NWC Shoes looked great but fell apart. As with the earlier review we loved the look of these Puma shoes, however, they have disintegrated on us too - after 4 months wear.  They have been entirely indoor shoes (at school) and never been outside and yet the upper part has detached from the rubber circumference and the stitching has come apart on the area underneath the tongue - loose thread everywhere.  In fact if you look at the bottom of the shoe, it looks like they've never been worn and the stripe and puma graphics are still intact - the shoe just fell apart.  I haven't approached Amazon and it doesn't look optimistic from the earlier review, but I'll provide an update on that.  In summary - probably not worth bothering with this shoe unless it's for sleeping in!!  UPDATE: I have since approached Amazon and they offered to refund 50-80% of the shoe price plus shipping and import fees.
B004VQZ3N8 Not very comfortable I liked the look of the shoe on the Amazon web site.  When I received the shoes it was a bit greyer than the white look of the picture.  This was not a deal breaker, however the instep side of the shoe had an extremely high arch piece.  This made the shoe quite uncomfortable.  I also wss suprised that the yellow strap was not adjustable.  I thought that there was velcro uner it and you would be able to adjust it.  This was a mistake on my part.  I was not misled by the ad.  All said because of the fit I sent them back.
B004VRIA5A The best shoe to walk on concrete and earth. It is my favorite shoe, it knows when to purr.. and roar!  Its the third pair in my collection and counting.
B004WLEF6S An acceptable shoe First, I sprayed the shoe with a silicone spray in order to make it more water/dirt resistant.The right one makes this horrible and annoying squeaking sound from the from third of the bottom which I have not figured out. First shoe ever to have this problem. But, I bought them on sale as dog-park shoes. I think I simply received an unfortunately flawed one. I like the overall design of the retro Puma here. Material is a nice, warm brown, and that worked well for me.
B004WLEF6S Good Very nice shoe looks very good on the feet,  the only thing i found odd is that the picture has the puma shoelaces in white... but when i received them they where black.. But it's still a awesome shoe!
B004WLEF6S Good, but wears easy in some spots. The shoe was true to its size, at least it was for me. I ordered it in red, and it was really nice. It's comfortable inside, although I'd just recommend wearing socks, but that's a given. However, I noticed that some of the outer material started to wear away, showing the white underneath after only about a month. Weird, considering I only use the shoe for school, and I have an extra pair for gym, so the shoe isn't used all that vigorously, yet it's still wearing. Overall, I'd just say order this if you're only using this for walking/light use...
B004WLEF6S Incredibly comfortable; looks great; terrible soles. I deducted two entire stars from this shoe review for one simple reason: durability of the soles. I'm not sure why they decided to skimp on this aspect, but it makes a solid and affordable product a total wallet drain since you have to buy a new pair very often. Some of you might be wondering: "this guy probably drags his feet all the time". Not true; I have never had this issue with other shows.PROS:+ Incredibly comfortable...nothing else comes close.+ In the right colors, very attractive and clean looking.+ Suede is decent for a cheap sneaker (not sure if it's real or faux) as long as you take care of it (water proof it, and brush it when it's dirty).+ Solid upper shoe construction and (as mentioned) decent materials used.CONS:- Claims to be genuine leather, but this is questionable, especially the non-suede colors/editions of this shoe (I own both types).- Soles are AWFUL. Visible wearing of the soles after only 5 wears. After 2 months of moderate use (~3 times a week), soles are completely worn through on the ball area of the foot and any wet surface will be felt (moisture intrudes  into the shoe once the sole is worn through).In Summary, I would easily pay double what this shoe costs if it means a durable sole. Dropping 50 bucks every 2 months is not what I plan to do with my money.
B004Z0G6QS Great shoe This shoe is extremely comfortable and stylish! I choose this shoe based on the brand, style and reviews and price.
B004Z0G6QS Great sneakers I am a fan of Puma....have about 7 pairs. They are true to size and very very comfortable. Highly recommend this shoe and Pumas in general.
B004ZGD840 Imani Fade Sneakers  have narrow, low toebox I purchased this shoe because of positive reviews.  My foot has a low instep, but is pretty wide across the ball .  They hug the foot completely and felt pretty good, and for a half-mile slow walk were comfortable.  However, on my usual 5 mile walk, problems developed.  The sole is not large enough for the shoe, so that the sides of the shoe overlap so much on a gravel road to become scuffed because of the soft structure.  Then I began to feel the heel slip up & down with each step, starting blisters, and the toebox was rubbing on the tops of all toes, making them sore.  I could only go 4 miles before I had to take them off and walk home barefoot with sore feet.If your foot is 3 3/4" at the front, this shoe may not work for you.
B004ZGD840 Great slip-on This is a great slip-on sneaker.  Fits true to size.  Worried it would not be snug enough on my skinny feet but they are great. Very comfortable, light and quiet shoe. Grey and Red are very cute.  Some sites advertise the color as grey/red and others limestone grey/barberry.  They are the same color. I expected the colors to be deeper but still very pleased with this shoe.
B004ZIP4U4 Love this shoe This is my first puma.... very comfortable. I would recommend it to a friend.Looks exactly like the picture and the fit is perfect. I just hope that this shoe will last more then two months.
B004ZIP4U4 Love this Shoe Extreamly comferable shoe, and very stylish too.  There is no toungue on the shoe so it is more of a slip on.  Love how they look and feel.
B004ZIP4U4 Feels great, looks weird. Bought these shoes because I was looking for a cross trainer with a stable base for squatting, cleans, etc. I like the feel of the shoe (feels great running and I like how it's got a sock-like fit). The only downside is that the shoe is REALLY wide looking. The side view is nice, but I was told by a buddy that it looks like I have "Smurf Feet"; whatever that means.
B004ZIP4U4 Outstanding! I love this shoe!  I have 5 pair of it's predecessor and was skeptical that the new version would be as comfortable...  I am delighted with the new and improved Voltaic 3!  Super comfortable and easy on and off are things that I look for in a shoe these days and this one can't be beat!
B004ZIP4U4 Awesome shoe This shoe has superior comfort and sleek looks. I run a lot using nike and adidas, but this is a winner. It just makes you run faSter. This is the first shoe I got from Puma and is my best.
B004ZIP5GW very big but comfortable I wouldnt qualify this shoe as a running shoe.  It is a very heavy shoe, based solely on how large it is.  I wear a size 12 and looks enormous on my foot.  Show is very wide near the toe especially.However, it is a very comfortable shoe, and has a mesh lining that is soft enough to wear sock-less.  If you are a serious runner and looking for a lightweight shoe, than this is not the shoe for you.
B004ZIP5GW Nice Shoe, but mesh front developed a hole after 7 months of intermittent wear These shoes were very nice for the first 6 months.  They were stylish, and the attached tongue was very convenient. However, by the 7-8th month, a hole wore through on the mesh, front portion of the right shoe.  It is located right over the big toe.  The mesh is extremely thin: I don't know whether this was a manufacturing defect or just a poorly made shoe--no hole has appeared in the left shoe.  I expect that a shoe of this price and quality would last longer than 7 months--especially given that I only wore them intermittently.
B004ZIP5GW Nice shoe Bought this shoe for my teenage son who runs indoor track.  He loves this shoe.  Size was perfect!  It is a comfortable shoe for him.  He completes wearing this pair.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe If a 14.5 was available it would be 5 stars worn out my last pair very comfortable shoe one of my favorites.
B004ZIP5GW Running shoe No a standard Tongue laceup. The top of the shoe is built in. It has a different feeling to wear and takes some getting used too.
B004ZIP5GW PUMA Men's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe What a lovely shoe, beautiful colours and great fit; I have never seen a shoe with this 'no tongue' stype and have to say it is pretty good!
B004ZIP5GW Good shoe at a good price Nice stylish shoe to go with a lot of the black shirts I have. I have actually gotten several compliments on these shoes. They are comfortable although a little stiff. My favorite feature is the attached tongue of the shoes so that it doesn't slip over to the side and look bad. It also makes them easier to slip on.
B004ZIP5GW Pretty good The size was a good match. The sides are higher than other shoes and they can rub against your ankle when doing various twisting, jumping exercises. But your foot remains firmly fixed inside the shoe. I have not actually used it for running yet. I like that the tongue is part of the shoe and fixed.
B004ZIP5GW PUMA FREAK!!!!! I love Puma shoes.  These shoes are very comfortable.  What I really liked about them is that the tongue is attached to the rest of the shoe, which is what really made me buy the shoe, because I didn't have to contend with the tongue of the shoe.  I would buy these again and will.
B004ZIP5GW Took a chance... and am very pleased.  This is a very comfortable shoe.  A little flashy for an old guy, but who doesn't love a bit of color.  Nice shoe, well made.
B004ZIP5GW Size was narrower then expected. I wear a medium width shoe, but could not fit these on due to their narrow contour.  I was looking for an everyday walking shoe.  If you are seeking a true running shoe and desire a snug fit, this may be perfect for you.  The shoe color is very bright and  Fluorescent.is a good description...
B004ZIP5GW Est Pumas ever owned These are high quality, light shoe that looks great, with the classic Puma style that I really dig.The "sock" fit hold your feet snugly but not constricting. Bigger than you might think but definitely a solid shoe that gives you support and stability.Highly recommended for casual or fitness - especially running and outdoor activities.
B004ZIP5GW Nice Price Good Shoe for the price when they went half off...if they were the same price as New Balance would still but New Balance. The shoe itself is comfortable but narrow at the heal. The liner is very cushioned and comfortable. Good Shoe.
B004ZIP5GW Best shoe My husband and I own four pairs of Voltaic by Puma and I think I will by another pair soon. Great colors, nice fit featuring no tongue. The shoe laces hold up pretty well (I am a nurse and on my feet in some compromising floors). Very comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW Vibrant gym shoe This shoe is FANtastic!!  Works very well for a gym shoe, but not enough support for me as a running shoe.  It seems to be well constructed and is very comfortable.  Great shoe!
B004ZIP5GW Nice Shoe These Pumas are very light,  well constructed,  and very comfortable.  Love the sewed in tongue feature.  Can just slip on and off.  Great if its hard to bend over.
B004ZIP5GW Good value My initial thought was they looked wide as I looked down at my feet, but this is has nothing to do with fit.  What I like is tongue is connected on both sides to the shoes, which makes the mid foot part of the shoe more like a sock than a traditional shoe.  This is a bonus as it keeps the tongue in place.  Still, my intention is to wear these as a casual shoe.  I do run a fair amount, and while I did run in these once, they just don't fit my foot in the way I'd like for a running shoe.  Doesn't mean they wouldn't work for you.  I'm happy with them otherwise, and will likely buy another pair.  For the price a good value.
B004ZIP5GW Like walking on air I got this shoe's a bit late after what appeared to be a amazon shipping mistake but i got in touch with them and they immediately sent a new pair. The shoe it self is great! It feels very comfortable and sturdy at the same time. Will definitely buy Puma again
B004ZIP5GW Puma Men's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe Sooooo comfortable. I'm not a runner, but even walking in these makes me feel like I'm on air. Great shoe!
B004ZIP5GW Not what it looks like The design looks great so I bought them. When I received them they looked good then I tried them on. They are like large slippers. There is no reason to have the shoe lacies at all and the walls of the shoe are shorter than they look so it makes you foot look fat. If you like that type of thing then I would recommend these shoes. They did have great cusioning.
B004ZIP5GW Great, All-Around Shoe This shoe is great in size, comfort and looks!  They seem to be holding up great to my 13 year old's VERY active lifestyle!  Definitely would buy this shoe again!
B004ZIP5GW Light weight & very comfortable Very pleased with this product.  One-day sale price made it even better bargain.  Would most definitely purchased this shoe again!
B004ZIP5GW I like the shoe alot I love the fit and feel. The color wasn't exactly what I thought it was going to be.  still a great shoe
B004ZIP5GW Super comfy The shoe fits very well and I think it is sized just right (US) but the built in tongue takes some getting used too and it seems a littler narrow. but great for walking and overall I am very happy with the shoe.
B004ZIP5GW Light weight shoe, snug fit, comfortable for walking. Ok so I am not a runner.  I walk a lot but running has never been my thing.  I purchased these shoes the other day on a Lighting deal for $42.00.  I was hoping for a light weight shoe and snug fit.... got them both.I went for a walk this afternoon with my new shoes.  Short walk.... around two miles.  The shoes felt great.  More important though I felt great.  My feet thanked me for my frugal purchase.This shoe has a nice feature that I have never seen in a tennis shoe.  The tongue of the shoe is attached to the shoe with a stretchable sleeve???This keeps the shoe firmly in place.This is my first pair of Puma shoes.  I usually go on longer walks with my merrill light weight walking shoes.  I intend on using these for casual wear....and not for running....  I highly recommend them to you.  Even if you are not a runner.
B004ZIP5GW ... it's the only place I can get them I love this shoe fits like a sock is light comfortable ... I have about five or six reviews already I keep buying them off Amazon because it's the only place I can get them I love this shoe fits like a sock is light comfortable and I think one of the best pairs of tennis shoes I've ever bought
B004ZIP5GW Excellent Shoe Great color and great comfort!!!!  I would recomment this shoe to others.  My first time with the Puma brand and will buy more.  Thanks!
B004ZIP5GW A Good Shoe I am just getting the voltaic running shoe broke in to my foot. Initially the shoe appeared to be a bit snug even tho I purchased a half size up. The design engineers for all athletic shoe MFG'S have a serious problem in making shoes that are wide enough. I don't understand why this is, unless it is a marketing scheme that is being used on consumers. However this puma after serveral days of wear is fitting very nicely for a running shoe. I normally don't purchase running shoes I usually go for cross trainig high tops but I will be doing some jogging when spring comes and I wanted a light weight shoe. I think I have found the right Brand in Puma. I will probably look at the Puma Tazon 5 next. Puma does make some very attractive shoes, I am very pleased with my purchase I hope it is a shoe that will with stand the test of time.
B004ZIP5GW Clod-Hopper. Bulky looking yet very nice. got these and returned them straightaway. If you're 6'0 and 240 you could totally get away with wearing these. But not my 5'10 and 135. These shoes almost require a tree-trunk type leg to be coming out of them because they're cut so wide. Very padded. Very comfortable. Excellent shoe! Just the wrong shoe for my size foot.
B004ZIP5GW Great Shoes, my son loves them! I bought these shoes for my son, they were a great buy for a good shoe. He has wide feet and has trouble finding a good shoe, Puma is his favorite brand of shoe. He said that they are comfortable and they are very durable, as they last a long time. His new Pumas arrived today, he said he loves the style and the comfort. They are running shoes and the tongue is part of the shoe to add to the comfort.
B004ZIP5GW Incorrect size The shoe was nice and would loved to have kept it.  However, I did not know that this is a man's shoe and therefore the size was huge.  Made the error twice, as I sent it back and reordered in a smaller size and still huge.  I would have loved to purchased this shoe.
B004ZIPPEO coming apart after a month... An extra star for making a good looking shoe with no leather. I like the look of these Puma casuals.  However, the rubber around the edge of the sole is peeling off after only a month...seems like some of this shoe was stuck together with Elmers. Unfortunately, after even a week, you can tell that the stitching, glue, or both were not made with durability in mind. I like the look, but due to durability, I wouldn't recommend this shoe.
B004ZIPPEO Awesome Shoe This is a great shoe, overall it has a rugged/modern look, and the ridges along the front-bottom of the shoe look nice, although watch your step they can rub off easy.The Good: There comfortable and look nice. Slide the shoe laces on the inside to keep  that modern, stylish look.The Bad: The material used on the "Military" fashion attracts dust and small debris easy, so keep it cleaned. Front ridges can rub off easy when you bump something.The Ugly: Near the beginning of my use of these shoes, small deformities showed along the front-upper tip of the shoe, this was caused by the small space between my toes and the shoe, they've pretty much smoothed out. (To avoid this buy .5 within your size.)
B004ZIPPEO Helps me walk more fluidly. It's a cool shoe to start off with, but the main reason why I love this is because I have more stability when walking with them on. There is no extra padding or raised heel, but the whole foot is flat to the ground making my balance sharper. It's still a comfortable shoe, light weight and durable (3 years and counting).
B004ZIT63U boot leg shoe the shoe came with epoxy filled souls due to air leak looks like a knock off puma shoe made in china
B004ZIT63U This shoe fits perfectly Loved the shoe.  The yellow was more a neon color than an actual yellow.  My daughter loved these shoes,  loved them so much that after two days she got them so dirty.  She is really rough on shoes.  I will get darker colors next time.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe! Great show, received it quickly. The shoe fit as it should and my son loves the shoe. He was a very happy little boy to get his first pair of Puma's. I remember these tennis shoes from back in the day, he has no clue how popular they were.
B004ZIT63U Rigid sole and tight Nothing to do with the shoe itself, Amazon sent me a 1.5 instead of a 2.5 shoe - I was purchasing it for use in the future, so I wanted a larger size. Had to send it back, which Amazon kindly obliged.Regarding the shoe...glad it they sent the wrong size so we could return the shoe without issue. My son did not like this shoe. The sole was quite rigid. The shoe across the ball of the foot was tight fitting even though the length of the shoe was appropriate for his foot. I could see that this shoe was not going to give him the comfort he needs in his active day.Can't recommend this shoe....
B004ZIT63U running shoe I didn't care for how small the shoe size ran but they are nice not sure if I would order that shoe style again
B004ZIT63U Nice colors and quality shoe Great looking shoe with good quality.  Shoe was slightly small than size but width is as expected.  Love the color.
B004ZIT63U Great Shoe Great looking shoe. They are bluer than shown in picture however. My little boy loved them and says they are comfortable,
B004ZIT63U Cute little shoes I needed new shoes for my 4 year old daughter since her feet are the only things that grow on her! I bought two pairs of Puma shoes, this one in a size 11, and the Puma Tolero size 10.(I will go into why the difference is important).The colors in the shoe are more vibrant than you would expect, they really are gorgeous! The pink ones we got will go great with all her other pink clothes. Be waiting for a little bit of a surprise when you get the package and it is not the normal shoe box you might be used it, I actually loved Puma's attention to this and I think I might be buying more shoes from them. There is a tag that comes with the Puma shoes that is really awesome. The shoe insert that comes with the shoe tells you where the child's foot should be(just right, too big, too small).Although these shoes were just slightly okay fit wise, she will have to grow into them a little bit, but this shoe versus the other one is not as narrow(the above Tolero that I purchased) and I don't have to worry that these shoes will pinch her at all.
B004ZIT63U very comfortable running shoe - Very nice, basic running shoe - comfortable, easy laces. Nice bright blue and yellow - but not flourescent. I'm a bit concerned about the tip of the shoe and how it will hold up - but I just got them so I'll have to wait a month or so and update if they tear easily.
B004ZIT63U Great fit I have purchased this brand in the past for my daughter. It is a well made shoe.  It fits well and the color is fun!
B004ZIT63U Shoe review Bought these for my 8yr old about a week ago and she hasn't taken them off yetThe shoe has groovy colors and all the girls at school want a pair
B004ZIT63U Good quality shoe The size runs narrow for my son. Other than that it's a great buy for the money on this shoe. Puma is a good brand.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe! Great shoe! Love the style and price great for running !Recommend this shoe if you love running or enjoy a great style
B004ZIT63U Puma My son loves this shoe. Good support, great looking shoe. Holds up to a very athletic boy-  he wears them everyday and they aren't coming apart at the seams. I would definitely buy another pair!
B004ZITHZC Great looking shoe Nice, special colors,Comfortable shoe,Was bought for my son, he only wears it,Still nothing wrong with itRecommended.
B004ZITHZC perfect shoe I bought this shoe for my 5 year old and its stylish, soft and comfortable. We love it and would buy again!
B004ZITHZC Runs small This Puma kids shoe runs small in length and width.  We had to return this shoe due to the fit.
B004ZITHZC My son love this It fits him very well and perhaps this is the first shoe that he loved so much. He thinks that he can run fast with this shoe :)
B004ZITHZC Great athletic shoe for girls Great athletic shoe for my 6 year old and still girly enough to pass her fashion sense. Cute and just what we needed for PE.
B004ZITHZC My grandson loves this shoe! Greatt shoe--fits well and holds up well. He really likes the vibrant color and it is very supportive for his feet.
B004ZITHZC PUMA VOLTAIC 3 V Great shoes no more to say, its fix well are soft for my kid and very practical shoe !!! !
B004ZITHZC Very disappointed in this Puma shoe These are such cute shoes but my son cannot even put his foot in the shoe because the style is way too narrow.  I had to look twice to make sure this shoe was my son's size!! It's way too small! Disappointing
B004ZITHZC great shoe Great shoe...my son loves them. He thinks they make him run faster and jump higher! Lol! Great shoe highly recommended.
B004ZITHZC EXCELLENT SHOE PUMA GREAT SHOE. YOU WERE MY CHILD SPECTACULAR. MY SON IS NOT NOTHING COMPLAINT FOR THESE SHOES. RECOMMEND THE WIDELY. THE USED FOR THE SCHOOL AND TELL ME THAT ARE TOO GOOD
B004ZITHZC A great shoe for a 3 year old. Though it costs more than my shoe at 30 Its a shoe. Fits well. Looks good. My kid really loves it. I wish it was cheaper, but then I have been wishing that about a Ferrari too :)
B004ZITJJQ Nice shoe Will return for a larger size so my grandson will get to wear them longer... But he loved the shoe!
B004ZIXBAY Great shoes I bought these shoes for working out at the gym. They are super lightweight which is great and they are very comfortable. The only thing I don't like about them is that the tongue is attached to the shoe. I have to stuff my feet in there but once I get them in it's a comfortable shoe. A little bulkier than I was expecting but overall I was comfortable working out in them for a full hour, brand new. No blisters, no pain. Great shoe.
B004ZIXBAY Great shoe Fits and looks great!  Fast shipping, exactly as pictured.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a casual shoe.  Too stiff for a running shoe
B004ZIYSME Not a running show - but comfy and stylish! This is a very eye-catching and comfortable shoe. It is very, very lightweight. I would not use it as a running shoe - too lightweight and not enough cushioning/support, but it *is* a good, stylish walking shoe! If you want it just for walking, I would recommend this shoe.
B004ZIYSME great shoe to walk I always like to walk with my dog in the afternoon on weekends.  This shoe is just what I needed for my walks!
B005030WZU Love Puma but don't buy this shoe! I bought this shoe for my 2 year old son and the velcro strap lasted only a couple of weeks before it stopped sticking!  We got him the Pumas with two velcro straps that crossed over each other and they work awesome - way better!
B0050U20U8 We love Puma Kid's Shoes! Puma kids shoes are the best. This is the second pair we have owned. Besides being super cute,our favorite part is the removable insole with a footprint on it. You can take it out and see if the shoe fits. This is great because toddlers don't understand  if their shoe fits or not.
B0050U210C great shoe except the velco! This shoe works great - super flexible and pretty durable for a toddler. However the velcro is the worst quality I've ever had on a toddler shoe. It frays and comes apart. This started happening two weeks after we bought the shoes.
B0050U7C8I Great shoe, but runs small I had to exchange the first pair I bought for a bigger size, I know that my 7 yr. old son doesn't wear a size 3 in any other shoe, but he has always needed to order larger sizes in Puma.  Regardless, it's a good looking shoe and it hold up reasonably well considering how rough little boys are on their sneakers.  We have bought this same shoe in about 6 different color combinations over the years and the quality is consistently good.  Dirt does seem to show up quickly on this light gray, but I've given up trying to have a little boy's shoes looking pristine. :)  I definitely recommend these sneakers.
B0050U7C8I They are great, except the white part of the shoe gets ... Bought these for my son.  They are great, except the white part of the shoe gets dirty very fast for a kid.
B0051TJZTM Puma Shoes Review Shoe looks good when tried on by my 3 yr old daughter. The fit and the overall finish of the shoe is very nice.
B0053A2LWC perfect shoe I bought these as a fashion shoe not for the running and they are awesome. Very comfy and lightweight, would buy from PUMA again.
B0053A2M3A Great shoe The lightest workout shoe I ever worn. Very comfortable. I'm going to order the other colors. The price is okay, it could be lower, but the fit and comfort makes it a good purchase.
B0053A2M3A Extremely light & breathable This shoe is extremely light and breathable. You can see through the black mesh it's that open. I'm not much of a jogger anymore but I can imagine this is the ticket for those looking for a minimalist shoe.
B0053A2M3A Wrong shoe I ordered this shoe, but received a different shoe in the wrong size. I was very disappointed. Especially since I had never experienced something like this with previous Amazon.com orders.
B0053A2M3A Great shoe Bought them 1/2 a size larger and they fit perfectly. It has shown to be very durable. People that write that the shoe looks flimsy, have not tested it. It's supposed to be light because it is minimalist. Very good quality and breathable.
B0053A2M3A Great Training Shoe Puma puts out some great training shoes. I wear these for a majority of my workouts since they are so low cut; it makes me feel like I'm wearing next to nothing while providing protection. They keep great grip and balance, while giving you minimal shoe to worry about.
B0053A2M3A TOO LIGHT FOR MY FOOT REALLY LIKED THE SHOE BUT I AM USED TO A HEAVY OUTTER SHOE. BUT GREAT SHOW...LIGHT WEIGHT... STILL A GOOD SHOE.
B0053A2M3A Great looks, but ... Shoe looks great. As others have noted, shoe size tends to run smaller than normal. I ordered a full size larger than my normal size. It fits pretty well. This is a very light weight shoe with minimal sole. It seems more like a running shoe than a cross-trainer. I only use the shoes for walking, and they are fine for that.
B0053A2M3A Great gym Shoe I bought these for the local gym.  Since they don't have much of a heel I wouldn't recommend for running.  They are very light, 5 oz.  and have a mesh so they breath well.  The nubs on the sole make for great traction, no slipping.  One expected surprise is that they have a very low profile at the ankle.  They still fit very snug it only make them look odd when you have ankle socks on since they rise about an inch above the shoe.
B005543YHM WOW! It is an incredibly light shoe, fits like a glove with accurate sizing.  Best sports shoe I've ever purchased. Did I mention how light it is?!
B005543YHM Great shoe This is an extremely comfortable shoe.  The green is a bit brighter than it appears in the picture, however I like it that way.  I have worn them once already and look forward to wearing them many more times.
B005543Z5S dawn2604 This a great shoe for all my walking and working out in the gym. The shoe is very light and is very easy on my feet. I don't run much because of current knee issues  but I make the best of bad knee problem.  If you are a outdoor runner or walker it will serve you well but I think this shoe was made for indoor or track condition.  If you walk or run outside on the street it may not last as long as you would like it too so buy two pair and change them out regularly so they will not wear out as fast. You can't beat the price amazon have it for and get a reliable retailor because you have to be very very careful when ordering online thinking you have found the best deal when in fact you have just the opposite (I can tell you some scary stories on that issue).  Amazon, you rock!
B005543Z5S I'm surprised I'm surprised at how bad this shoe is. For having a superstar runners name attached to this shoe makes it even more of a let down. There was no padding, my feet were uncomfortable just from trying them on. Very very disappointing. My first attempt at buying puma...possibly last. The stitches were also loose in the shoe.
B005543Z5S Great Looking, not too cushy This is a great looking shoe!  Purchased for my son as a casual shoe for jeans and khakis.  He wears a different shoe to run, as this is not as cushy as he likes.  First try for us on this brand.
B005543Z5S Great shoe I look forward to runs because of this shoe. Didn't last as long as I'd hoped, though.As for PUMA shoes in general, they make a damn good running shoe, and I'll keep buying them until they start proving otherwise.
B005543Z5S Great shoe for the money Unfortunately they don't make these anymore.  This is typical of shoe companies these days--make a good product and when you go to re buy it ---it's no longer available.
B005543Z5S mens not womens i bought this shoe as it was listed as a women's shoe. it was clear to see when it arrived that it was a man's shoe. it is a very nice shoe and i would have kept it if i were a man.
B005544T94 Great Shoe Overall, a really great shoe.  Comfort, style and and durability.  Definitively worth the money.  Just be careful of the mesh layer on top of the shoe...it can get messed up if your not careful.
B005547MJS Excellent Shoe This must be the most cushioning shoe i have ever worn. Sadly I had to give it to someone else because it fits tight. A good buy except make sure to buy at least a size bigger than you normally wear.
B0055523UU these shoes are good These shoes are very comfy, but i didnt expect to get the wrong shoe, the shoe i recieved is in fact a much darker blue. I disliked them at first but they seem to have grown on me. besides recieving the wrong color of shoe they are in fact fantastic.
B005552422 Buy it!!! You will love it!!! This shoe was exactly what I was looking for it fits perfectly and it's a casual everyday looking shoe. I purchased the all black shoe with a red puma logo. Also if you are worried about your size just purchase the size that normally fits you and it will fit. I could not ask for any better! Only thing that bothered me a little was the part where the back of the shoe touches your ankle because it was causing lots of friction and started to hurt but all I did was buy new socks and now they fit like a charm!!!! I'm so happy with this product!!! Thank you so much!!!! :)
B005552422 Great shoe! A bit difficult to keep the white sole clean, the black body of the shoe is easy to keep clean and it fit as expected. Great shoe!
B005552422 This is a very stylish and somewhat comfortable shoe that works really well for almost any casual ... This is a very stylish and somewhat comfortable shoe that works really well for almost any casual wardrobe. I deduct one star for my review because they aren't very comfortable for walking an extended period of time. They don't offer much support or cushioning. If you're hanging out with freinds, want to look stylish but don't plan on walking around much then these shoes are a great choice.
B005552422 nice shoe great shoe, could be a little more comfortable, but the design is baller as you can see.  goes great with anything black.
B005552422 Great Shoe by Puma-the BEST delivery by Amazon Once again Amazon gets the job done without a hitch!This style from Puma is very comfortable-affordable-thus making it a very popular shoe. Size fit true  however the D next to the order made me unsure whether it was wide-apparently not- because it fits great. Quick delivery an added plus.
B005552422 Pumas all the way!!! I like the puma designs and how comfortable their shoes are. But this one is the best I've tried so far, It came with a reusable bag that you can also use to carry stuff in (namely the shoes). I like how the material feels on the outside of the shoe. Definitely a must have shoe. I salute you amazon for selling this shoe.
B005552422 If the shoe fits Good shoe, a little slimmer than expected and had to go up one size. Comfy as well. Would recommend to anyone.
B005552422 Snug This is a great looking low top shoe but I have a wide foot and it is a bit to tight for me. Great shoe with the style and stitching but to tight on m fat foot.
B005552422 Its Okay The shoe is okay, but a bit too stiff and will take time to work it in. The color and style and quite good and its quite an attractive looking shoe. I would recommend.
B005552422 Good looking sneaker This shoe is a snug fit for my feet, which run a little wide, but still within my comfort level.  Construction seems solid - I'm not worried about it falling apart on me.  The sole is a little stiff, hopefully it loosens up after breaking it in.  Otherwise it's a comfortable and stylish shoe, and a decent value.
B005552422 great price, great shoe big fan of pumas, so it was easy to like this pair. great shoe for those of you who have to walk around all day at work. prompt delivery always a plus.
B005552422 Great shoe Nice, simple, comfortable shoe.  I would definitely recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a nice walk-around type of footwear.
B00555248Q puma suede I have never bought the same shoe twice prior to this shoe.I feel Puma runs narrow therefor I prefer this shoe.Don't step on my blue suede shoes!
B0055528IM GREAT SHOE!!!  Timeless Just as expected. First time for buying Puma for about 30 years. I loved them when I was younger. These were for my 16 year old son. He lives the style and chose them for all purpose. He runs and works out at the YMCA. Great shoe even after all these years
B005553FW0 GREAT shoe, goes with everything. I love this shoe, it goes with pretty much anything i wear.  Dont hesistate to buy, extremely comfortable as well!
B0055548IA Great Shoe!!! I saw this Puma shoe at the mall and decided that I wanted it.  The simplicity of the shoe and the look and design of the shoe was what I immediately noticed about it.  The fit was as advertised and I would strongly recommend this shoe to those who like their casual shoes simple, comfortable, and sturdy.  And of course, Amazon's quick shipping is always a big plus!
B0055BZJGY very comfortable GREAT SHOE, VERY COMFORTABLE-SEEMS TO RUN TRUE TO SIZE WITH PLENTY OF TOE BOX ROOM-WOULD BE GREAT FOR WALKING TOURS
B0055QR480 Not Black I was kinda expecting a black shoe, This shoe is not black it's brown.  I told my wife it looked black online and then showed her and after a lot of convincing she agreed.  Anyways the shoe was very confortable but will be returning it for a black one and a size larger because it was very tight.  I'm a huge fan of puma shoes and look forward to a leather outer for easy cleaning.  The design on this shoe was amazing.  The large inside Puma Cat was really sharp.
B0055QSSZS Love it Arrived as expected and in time for gift for my husb and who loves this shoe. We are big PUMA fans and weren't sure about the new side tie style when it first came out but he swears by it now.  It's a good shoe.
B0055QUAFO Great Shoe! Great shoe, fits small so order 1 full size larger than normal. Would recommend weather treatment as they are suede and can get dirty easy.
B0055X9J0O Great shoe! This is a great shoe! Yes, it is just a single layer of canvas, but it's what makes them so comfortable. You definitely wouldn't want to wear them in the snow or rain, but for everyday casual wear, they are pretty cute!
B0055XBD80 Superb fit This is the second time I have bought this shoe because of it's excellent fit and comfort. It has very low profile which I like. The shoe is true to size. It's stylish and funtional. Win-Win. I use it for walking 4 miles a day and my feet are never sore afterwards from friction or bad fit. They are ultra light which is another plus. It's a well designed and good looking sneaker that fits my foot like a glove.
B0055XCS3Y Great Shoe We gave these shoes to our daughter to wear for a comfortable shoe to wear on campus.  She has worn these almost every day.  She loves them!  Miles have been put on these shoes and they still look great.
B0056WZF20 more bulk for your buck I was hopeful that these would be the shoe I was looking for to meet my athletic shoe needs, but sadly they are not. They are extremely bulky. It said to order up a size, and I wish I had ordered a size down. I have plantar fasciitis and heel spurs. These shoes still give me heel pain. So for as cute as they are, unfortch they are lacking in support and comfort :(
B0056X09AM comfortable shoe! This shoe is very comfortable.  I really like the shoes to be comfortable.  It does feel a little tight on the upper part of my toes, but I attribute that to being new, not the shoe itself.  Once they get broken in, I'm sure they will not feel as tight.
B0056X0FVK Good shoe Purchase these for my mom as workout shoes- she wears a 10 and complained they were a little tight for her foot. Overall, she enjoyed the shoe and said they were great shoe for walking and aerobic class.
B0056X0FVK very comfy Very possibly the best shoe I have ever owned.  I have wide feet and a high arch this shoe feels like your walking on clouds.
B0056YH1PW So comfortable!! I have never purchased a PUMA running shoe before, so I was a little hesitant at first. I LOVE these. I am not too crazy about the color selection, I feel like I was kidnapped and thrown back into the 80's with the bright pink and teal combo, but that is a small inconvenience compared to the comfort level. I like to run about 1-4 miles a week, on all terrains, and this shoe can match them all. From sand, to concrete, to a rubber track it works great. I suffer from knee pain due to bad stabilization when I run. This shoe is a little wider to provide the relief from my problem. The lining of the opening is made of a thin fleece so there is no need to break them in first to avoid getting blisters. These are SUCH a great buy!!
B0056YJJNO Happy enough to wear 3 pairs in a row. This shoe looks great and feels good, even after I stand 10 hrs on a cement floor. I wear pink scrubs and love the look. My only trouble with comfort  is the toe box is a little tight, and the little rubber piece on the toe of shoe peels after 4 months.
B0056YP5VE Good for Casual Wear, Not So Much for Indoor Soccer Bought these shoes expecting to play indoor soccer (Futsal) in them, but they didn't work out very well. Fit was good - I wear size 12 in Nike Mecurials and the size 12 in these fit about the same.Unlike most indoor soccer shoes it doesn't have a gum rubber sole, so the traction on gym floors leaves some to be desired. I found myself skidding and sliding more than I would like. It's a very minimalist shoe, so weight is nice and light. I wasn't blown away by the touch on them - it's not bad, just &#34;okay&#34;. However, my feet hurt like crazy after using them for one game. The bottoms of my feet hurt so bad I could barely walk the next day! And, since the insole is glued in, it's hard to replace them with something more cushioned.I've ended up using these as casual street shoes, and they look quite good out and about. If you're looking for a casual shoe then they're great, but I would look elsewhere for an indoor soccer shoe.
B0056YR3N2 Nice shoe! Stylish! This was a great shoe for the price! I didn't have any issues with it. However, I didn't use them very much, so they didn't experience to much of an endurance test.
B0056YRCTW A+ good old classics , they never let you down  I wear 11 orderd these in 11.5 fit great. leather is great for the touch,molds to your foot, awesome shoe just like adidas cupa mundial, pretty much same shoe.
B0058XE0GY Puma Footwear Esito Classic Sala Indoor Soccer Trainers Great shoe, comfortable, stylish. Love this shoe everyone notices this shoe on you. Almost a mustard yellow in color which is beautiful. Highly recommend this shoe for any type of wear.
B0058XE0GY brian j puma ran out of my size of this shoe.not only found it on amazon but saved some dough to.i;ve had this shoe for a couple of months now.no scoffs no tears still looks new.great looking shoe thank you amazon two thumbs up way up!!.
B0058XE0GY weird very poorly made shoe. After playing soccer in them once the rubber started peeling away from the shoe. Whats worse is that the shoes aren't exactly the same size. The right shoe isn't the same shape as the left shoe and it is tighter around the toes. You can tell from looking at it that the right shoe is more pointed where the left one is more rounded. When I saw that these shoes are made in china, it all made sense.
B0058XE0GY Great shoes! Bought these after reading other reviews, especially as they compared to Sambas.  Very comfortable and a very good fit.  I like the thinner shoe laces also.  Classic Puma styling.
B0058XE0GY Great Great shoe.  Just a great little shoe.  Very easy to play in. I especially love that the laces can be tied behind the tonge to give a smooth surface to kick.
B0058XE0GY Style & Comfort Great shoe for my 11 year old.  He loved them.  The shoe provided comfort as well as style and was true to size.  He has now outgrown the shoe, but we definitely got our money's worth out of them.
B0058XE334 satisfied love the make of this shoe...its extremely comfortable ...very strong and light weight...came wid this cool clever bag too..all in all..this a great shoe...got a couple compliments too
B0058XE334 Great shoe, very comfortable and elegant, but it could have a better quality I'm not saying it is not quality stuff but it could be better. The front of the shoe is beginning to go off which should not considering it has approximately 1 year of use (I'm conserve my tennis very well though). In spite of that I think it is worth it, I really like this shoe.
B0058XE334 Great Shoe This is an amazing shoe everything that was described. I love it, its comfortable and kinda stylish at the same time. I would recommend this to anyone looking to buy!!!
B0058XEE88 Great!!!! Great shoe. Bought this shoe for my daughter who is a sophmore. She used this shoe for 100m hurdles, 800m, and 1600m runs and loved them.
B0058XEEHE they cool i have them here in the box, i didnt know this is a shoe for runners and i just wanted a shoe to walk and run, this is for professionals and now i cant wear them. but they good i will find the way to use them soon :)
B0058XEEHE Puma Women's Complete TFX Distance 3 Running Shoe,Ceramic... These sneakers are great! There defiantly great for a track athlete! This shoe does run a little smaller but overall there a great shoe!
B0058XF1V2 Awesome Shoe! Ive been a Puma fan for 8 years and they continue to impress. There shoes are durable, extremely lightweight, and always look great. This shoe is no different. Comfortable, extremely lightweight, and they look awesome. If you like the narrow fit casual fashion shoe, this type of Puma shoe is perfect.
B0058XF1V2 Good Fit and Thin Sole I ordered this shoe for the National Awana competition called Summit, as I needed a thin and light shoe for the races and relays. I was pleased well by the fit of the shoe, and despite some reviews emphasizing the slim fit, it was perfect for my foot. There is little to no arch support which is what I prefer, as I usually use Vibram Five Fingers for activities. I also appreciated the thin sole of the shoe. I run on the ball of my foot, and prefer to stay close to the surface I'm running on. In reference to style, they look fantastic and have that slim form that I appreciate in my conventional shoes. They've gone well with everything is worn from a v-neck and jeans, to a suit. They aren't too flashy, but refined enough that I've recieved a few compliments on the look. I also wore them for the duration of a roadtrip, during which I took them on and off many times. The velcro closure was quite convenient for that purpose, yet did not come loose during my running. My only concern is for the durability of the shoe, but only time will tell.These have become my favorite multipurpose shoes, and I look forward to wearing them for a while yet.
B0058XF1V2 Nice shoe Nice shoe. Looks great.Very thin upper and sole. I would consider this more of a 'fashion slipper' than a shoe.Fits slightly smaller than sized.
B0058XF1V2 Puma The shoe was a bit tight when I tried it on, but after wearing it for a while is has stretched for a perfect fit. Thanks
B0058XF1V2 Great shoe !!! This is definitlty agreat shoe. Its very comfortable and well looking and it fits me like a glove. I highly recomended to everybody
B0058XF1V2 great shoe great casual shoe. order one size larger
B0058XF1V2 Great fit! I ordered this PUMA shoe for my son, and he really likes it!  The quality is outstanding and the fit is perfect!  The main thing is my son is happy with this shoe!
B0058XF1V2 Style The shoe is narrower than my expectations. It means that you may order a bigger one than your common size.I ordered one and I have refunded it because the small stick on the shoe had a litter flexibility and accordingly the shoe was too tight.
B0058XF1V2 Light and Sleek This shoe is really light and comfortable in terms of being as close to barefooted as possible.  If you are looking for cushioning, it would not be the shoe for you.  It has a nice sleek appearance.  However, the opening at the top is on the side.  It appeared, to me, to be in the middle.  That was a bit disappointing, but OK.  It is pretty true to fit, size wise.
B0058XF6JY suupper Another reviewer cried about needing to buy a full size up.... no, you buy half a size up.  I know this because I have purchased quite a few Puma shoes.  Yes, the shoe is kind of like a slip on considering the tongue is part of the body, but it feels really good.  You can further tighten the shoe with the laces, so it's not a big deal at all.  The shoe reminds me a lot of their Disc Blaze sneaker.  This shoe is SUPER light weight and comfortable, it kind of feels like you're walking on marshmallow's. It doesn't hurt that they're really cheap.  I know Amazon doesn't like prices on reviews, but I got my pair for 30&lt;x&lt;35 dollars.  I've been wearing them for a few days and the quality, to me at least, is fine.  I do not feel like I'm using cheap "china shoes" or whatever the other reviewer said.  For anyone looking for a good, affordable, light weight and comfortable shoe-- I'd definitely recommend this product.
B0058XF6Q2 Love the shoe! Shoe fits good with a half size larger.  for example i wear a 9.5 and i got a 10 and its a perfect.  so far no problems with them had them about a month now.
B0058XF6Q2 Stylish Design and Nice Comfort I absolutely love these shoes. They are stylish and sexy, they fit well and appear to be made well. I share wear time with this shoe amongst a few others, so if you chose to wear this as your main or only shoe, that may be different. I do wear these as my main shoe and they are great. I would suggest these shoes for someone who wants to feel the ground better, almost like an extension of your foot. Despite the great feel on the floor, they still provide good protection from ground elements.Gorgeous shoe.
B0058XF6Q2 Solid Shoe I received  these as a gift in white and they have kept white for the first couple of weeks. They clean up easy when they do get dirty. I recommend ordering up a half size as they are a very slim shoe, as most Puma shoes are. Light weight, look real good with jeans. Great buy!
B0058XF6Q2 Great Product, But I Underestimated So this shoe is great, except for the fact that the shoe size was a few sizes too small.  Everything was listed correctly for the product, but I figured that getting a size 10 1/2 would be fine (since that's the shoe size I have with just about every other shoe), but it turned out to be too small for me.  I guess this is what I get for purchasing my shoes online, instead of buying at the store so I can see/feel how well the shoe fits before I commit to purchasing the product.  The shoe is great, but I underestimated the size, which is why I am still giving this product a 5 star rating.
B0058XF6Q2 nice shoe I like puma's because of the low heals, they are a comfortable shoe for me and I'm on my feet a lot during the day.
B0058XFAMC Shoe did not fit. This product arrived quickly and well packed from the supplier. In spite of the fact that I ordered the size that normally fits me, this shoe was too small (toe up against the end of the shoe). Returned to the supplier for a refund. Sizing may be a little off. Good looking shoe.
B0058XFAOK Perfect light weight fit! I am very pleased with the high quality and craftsmanship ofd this shoe.  The stitching is solid and the entire show is well made.  It makes for a great deck shoe if you sail, and a nice casual loafer.  I recommend this product and seller to all!
B0058XFC7U comfortable the shoes are VERY comfy although they are not the most attractive shoe. they also run a little big or wide
B0058XFJTQ Puma women's Running Shoe, black/gloxina I am very pleased with this shoe and  the size 12 M!  The shoes came as I expected and I replaced the shoe laces so they are easier to get on.  I am very pleased with the shoe fit and the color.
B0058XFJTQ Great Shoe For Walking Also This Puma Sneaker is a great shoe for Balance when walking. I have a difficult time with my feet and legs and I have finally found a comfortable shoe that I can wear all day long. It helps me stay balanced and actually makes it fun to take walks again. It comes in large sizes and great colors. Have fun and be comfortable.This is my second pair.
B0058XFP86 I'm not a runner, but I love it! I don't generally go running outside or even on a treadmill -- closest I get is elliptical.  But I do cycle, indoor row, strength train, do aerobics classes, and just generally wear them around the gym.  I really wanted a laceless athletic shoe and there are hardly any out there; I thought there might be good reason for that.  However, this shoe fits great, looks great (in my opinion), and is pretty lightweight.  So I hope others start making them, too.I could do without the white tread stripe since that's likely to show dirt quickly; I think shoemakers purposefully do that to encourage people to buy new shoes since they'll look old without regular cleaning before they're really spent.  But for successfully making a laceless shoe, I'll forgive them for it!Also, in the way of sizing, I have somewhat wide feed and Puma's shoes usually are far too narrow for me (which is frustrating because they often have great styling).  I did go up half a size on this shoe and I think it's exactly the size I needed -- it hugs my foot from the sides a little, but not noticeable enough to be distracting (I quickly forget it) and I figure that's probably necessary to keep the shoe on without the aid of tightened laces.  I've not had them long, so they'll likely break in some too -- though hopefully not so much they feel loose on my feet!  I'll update my review if anything like that happens.  Until then, I definitely recommend this shoe.
B0058XFP86 Unique style, good function. Best part: No laces Definitely one of the most unique styles I've seen in a shoe and it fits well (recommend getting the next size to our shoe size). I've yet to run miles with these shoes but they are light and seem strong. If you are not a lace person, this shoe is a great option for sport shoes.
B0058XFP86 Great shoe, Great price. for the quality of shoe the price is pretty incredible, dont worry about the shoe not fitting properly because it doesnt have laces, I have had no problems with this product at all
B0058XFP86 Good all-purpose shoe This shoe is more of a casual kick-around shoe then a running shoe.  It does work as a running shoe but I've found it to be lacking in support.  Super stylish though.  Worth the money.
B0058XFP86 The best sneakers I ever purchased from PUMA They are comfortable and easy to wear, and very light. I would recommend these sneakers to everyone who doesn't like shoe laces.
B0058XFP86 I HATE SHOE LACES!!!! I've been buying shoes and sneakers that are shoe lace free. I can walk without worrying if i trip over my shoe lace because i didn't tie it right. I like these sneakers because like slippers you can just slip your foot in and not worry about tying your shoe laces. Easy and FAST!!! Very comfortable. Please note you need to get a 1/2 inch more. NORMALLY I am a 10 but with these type of Puma Sneakers I had to get 10 1/2. They are a little tight and snaggy.
B0058XFP86 Osu Nm sneaker I received the Puma Nm Fashion sneaker as a gift and was skeptical about its performance as a running shoe. However, I have since run an estimated two-three miles a day since I received them a month ago and they are excellent. Despite not having laces, they fit exceptionally well and provide excellent support. I personaly use these shoes for running and other athletic activities and love them.I highly recommend these shoes. I probably would not buy the Osu Nm fashion sneaker because I am not fond of how they look- but in terms of function, I would say this shoe is probably one of the best shoes I have ever worn for running. Today I ran a 13:08 two mile and there is no noticable fatigue or soreness in my ankles, knees, or hips. I really can't say enough good things about this shoe. Again though, as a shoe you wear to look good, or to impress people.. (well, I have been complimented several times about how they look).. I would pass on them, but if you want a great shoe to run, or do other athletic activities, this is the shoe to buy (or in my case, receive as a gift).
B0058XFP86 Great shoes I have been using this shoe for two weeks now and they are very light weight and comfortable.The shoe material is also very elastic so it helps for runs up hills and down. I would recommend this shoe for those looking to do long walks or just run around the track.
B0058XFP86 Not great The shoe is effectively a sport loafer and as such, it's really tight on the foot. I have totally average width feet and never had a problem with the average show widths, but this shoe is really tight and unpleasant to wear. I suppose it's a matter of breaking them in, but wearing them for 2 whole days, including a trip to the gym, they remain tight and not something I'd recommend.If I had tried these on in a store, I never would have bought them.
B0058XFP86 nice the best running shoe i ever had evercolor, style, wt, every thing in that shoe is perfecti love it
B0058XFP86 Love my new PUMA Osu NM Running Shoe! I needed a shoe that I could put on fast in my Sprint Tri's.  Also, they are confortable and feel very secure to run in.  Great shoe!
B0058XFP86 Not really a running show Yes you can &#34;run&#34; in it....thats if you are running after your dog who's running after the mail man.  If you jog, and I dont mean professional marathons either, I mean a couple of miles here and there to clear your mind and keep the love handles under control, this shoe is not for you.  The obvious problem is that you cannot control the fit of the shoe on your foot....which is easier with laces since you can make it a bit looser on top and tighter at the mid section of your foot so your toes dont rub with the front of the shoe, or it doesn't feel overly tight in general as you jog, etc.  This shoe feels a bit loose (not too much), but, at least in my case at least, as I step (walking) it strangely makes my foot shift towards one side of the shoe, so that my ankle moves in, my arches follow dropping inward and loosing my correct walking and jogging posture.  Basically it does not hold your foot correctly and might even be dangerous for your ankle. Nike's Free 5.0 much better shoe.
B0058XFP86 good shoe comfortable fit, ideal for running/jogging, light, shoes was as shown, easy to slip on and off since there is no shoe laces
B0058XFP86 The most comfortable shoe ever! I love this shoe! I live in them! This shoe is lightweight, comfortable and durable.  When they get dusty, I drop them in the washer and they come out looking like new!  Great shoe!
B0058XFP86 Great buy Best running shoe I ever bought very comfortable ,it fits snug on your feet.will buy another pair soon.plus it looks great if u just as a casual shoe
B0058XFP86 great looking shoe, fits way to small Shoe look great, however has a very tight feel to it. Had to return them. Since there are no laces, can't loosen them up.
B0058XFPLS good shoe for the dough its a nice shoe...i love puma and have a few diff styles...this one goes great with anything white or black
B0058XFPLS a step backwards for Puma I have not had a shoe on my foot in 8 years other than Puma and a work boot. I love the feel and comfort of Puma shoes however with this shoe he comfort is definitely top shelf but the quality of the shoe is not. At 85 my cell  7 Jago (previous pair) was top quality emroidered design, this shoe Tolero # has simple painted on design that I see rubbing off or smearing very very soon. Other than than this shoe is exactly as expected from Puma. Considering the price range was the same I expected the quality to be similar, Only time will tell. I desperately tried replacing my cell 7 Jago blue/white that I got 7 months ago and they are no where to be found. So if you find a pair that you love stock up on them cause they will be obsolete in a few months
B0058XFYDC Very comfortable and nice looking retro shoe Got these in place of the PUMA Basket's that were too small and narrow and I finally gave up on.  This shoe was a much better choice.  Looks exactly like the shoe I grew up wearing in the 70s.  They actually feel a little large for their size, but still extremely comfortable.
B0058XFYDC NOT A SHOE LEATHER AS OFFERING Great disappointment in the description of the shoes, says that the material is leather, or at least suggest that, but it is not, are plastic shoes that has nothing to do with a leather shoe, should report either on the material, even in the same shoe comes the description of the shoe is supposedly leather, iS A LIE
B0058XG0H6 Amazing shoe !!! Its an amazing shoe. I definitly recomended to everybody. Its super comfortable and very well looking. The size fits me as a glove
B0058XGDWS D.O.P.E Good looking pair of shoes..from my perspective they look like puma suedes but just a little more slimmed down. The shoe is very comfy and I would say it fits true to size. Only problems I have is that the shoe itself is not all suede, only the formstripe. The rest is canvas which I don't like because it tends to fade very quickly and the other material being sort of like a newbuck but idk to me it just seems like too much different material. But great shoe, feels good, has that classic look and they really do grab attention seeing every one els wears vans.
B0058XGI5A Great Driving Shoe Narrow fitting shoe, but this is to be expected from a European-styled shoe like this.Excellent driving shoe, very good feel on the pedals due to the thin sole of the shoe.Definitely buy at least 1/2 a size bigger than needed (if not a full size bigger). I normally wear a US Mens size 12, and the US Mens 13 of this shoe fits me perfectly.Overall, I would recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a sporty looking, european styled, driving shoe that is good for everyday casual use.
B0058XGI5A Comfortable and good-looking Liked the shoe a lot. It REALLY is smaller in size, when you compare to the sizing charts. I'm a 10.5 and bought a 11.5 after reading reviews, and it looks like a 10.5.The greatest thing is that it is really comfortable as my feet don't get tired of wearing the same shoe all day. Also it is very good looking, everyone says my new shoe is beautiful.I didn't give 5 stars because it is a bit slippery AND the middle arch it a bit weak, and as I'm a supinator, the shoes incline a little to the inside.
B0058XGI5A Puma tennis shoe Buy a 1/2 size larger. Great shoe, good for taller kids.My sons jeans are actually the right length because there is no heel to this shoe. It looks great on.
B0058XGI5A Love the shoe, but the fit not so much The shoe is very narrow and didn't fit. Sad that we will have to return these as they were a gift for my husband.
B0058XGI5A The Best Driving Shoe I wanted a true driving shoe that could be worn in public without looking like a crazy person. I was looking for a very minimalistic design with a thin sole rounded heel.This shoe is EXACTLY what I was looking for. The sole is very thin, allowing great pedal feel and easy heel-toe downshifting. The heel is rounded for smooth pedal action. The fit is good, but a little small (honestly smaller is better for these shoes, as it allows you to get a better pedal feel).I use these shoes around town and on the race track. Amazing driving shoes!
B0058XGI5A Nice casual knock around shoe I purchased these for a recent trip to Italy.  Did not want to look too American in my cross-trainers. This is a comfortable and good looking sport shoe.  I would have given it a 5, but they are a bit narrow.  So  for me, the comfort level decreased over the time I was wearing them.  Size up if you have a medium width foot, or look for another shoe that has a wider fit.  The other draw back is that the sole is recessed from the toe, so that you can get pavement wear on the toe.
B0058XGI5A Awesomely comfy shoe, but as reviewers have warned: about a 1/2 size too small. I should have listened to the warnings - I had to return my 10 1/2 for 11s (which was a painless process, thanks to Amazon) and the size 11 fits perfectly.Really light, small shoe that doesn't get in the way. Really great for driving a stick, no bulbous rubber protruding at the bottom of the shoe so your feet feel very unrestricted when shifting (I drive a Subaru WRX) - very easy to heel/toe shift, if you're into that sort of thing.If I was to complain, I would say that the right tongue falls a little to the right, which is either a mediocre fit or just the way that tongue was stitched.I highly recommend these shoes and will probably be buying another pair in a different color in the future...
B0058XGI5A Nice Shoe Was looking for ages some brown/chocolate mostros.....but just no luck.  Eventually bought these..US womens 6.  While they arent mostros,  they are a nice practical shoe, and very comfortable.  Very happy with them especially 49.99 USD.16-08-2013  - As I was walking home in the rain today, I realised my feet were getting wet.  Discoverd a hole at the big toe part of one shoe.  I feel the shoes are the right fit.  Not returning as am from overseas, but probably wouldnt rebuy.  Will stick to the mostro.
B0058XGLKC Great Shoe The shoe is lightweight and good for running. Excellent shoe for the price and the modern look to it is a plus
B0058XGLKC Decent Quality Shoe Did Not Fit Me Well I returned this shoe because of poor fit. I wear 9.5 medium and usually have no fit issues but these shoes were cramped. Also they felt stiff and did not loosen up in two wearings, though this may be a function of fit also.
B0058XGLKC Puma Men's Cross-Training shoe I which the shoe came in a 10.5, it only was available in a 10. My son enjoys the shoe but cannot wear additional socks.
B0058XGLKC So Light! I was amazed by how light weight these shoes are when I first picked them up out of the box.  They are without a doubt the lightest men's athletic shoe that I've ever seen.  The shoe looks great.  It's sleek with just enough color to make it stand out without being too flashy.  The soles are extremely flexible and cushy which makes them perfect for running but they are cross trainers so good for many other activities.  As far as sizing, they seem to run a little bit large so you might want to go 1/2 size down from what you normally wear in a running shoe.  My son usually wears an 11 1/2 and he can wear these but does have to use fairly thick socks to keep them from slipping.Overall, a really nice looking and well performing shoe for a decent price. What's not to love?
B0058XGLKC Love these shoes At first I thought this shoe was gonna be to flashy for me. I was looking for an all white comfortable light shoe. No luck. Took a chance with this one and was surprised when I opened the box. Great looking shoe. Lots of compliments. Fit just perfect. Wire it all day and I love it. Very light shoe in weight. Thinking about buying another pair in a different color. &#128522;
B0058XGLKC Putagility This shoe is by far the best shoe on the market. It has plenty of cushion and the way the sole is made stop eversion or inversion. It also very light and gives great support. and I like they come in a variety of colors..
B0058XGLKC On the flat side. Very low arch. Super light weight. PUMA pumagility cross-training shoe. Red and black. Men's size 11.PROS:1. Super light weight2. Very comfortable3. Good for working out at the gym4. Sized about right. If you wear an 11 in Asics or Adidas you will wear 11 in PUMA. They are more to the narrow side width-wise.5. Packaging is creative and green. Instead of typical shoe box the PUMAs are packaged in a reusable tote.CONS:1. The arch is extremely low. Not good for running for someone who needs support.2. The shoe is so flat that someone commented on my new wrestling shoes.
B0058XGLKC PUMA Shoe I would consider this shoe to others, it is light on your feet, it feel wonderful. It is comfortable and it dose not hurt your heels when you run, it has a lot of cushion.
B0058XH4L2 I love this shoe I loves this shoe. I have to wear dress shoes to work and no one in my office could tell that I was wearing tennis shoes.
B0058XH4L2 Runs small, not that comfortable I agree with the other reviewer that it ran small. I bought this in the store and I tried on a 6 which is my usual shoe size and they were loose, so I bought the 5.5. I feel that the 5.5 is a bit too tight for me but I hope it'll stretch soon. Not the most comfortable shoe ever, in fact they require some break-into. I agree with the other commenter that it's really very narrow, and the felt strip at the back of my shoe peels off when I try putting them on (they're stuck with glue). Would recommend other better shoes.
B0058XH4L2 My favorite flat shoe I just love Puma Zandy flats.  They are so comfortable and very stylish.  I found they run on the smaller side and I have a wide foot.  I love the colors Puma does in this shoe.  I would highly recommend his shoe.  I frequently have gotten compliments on this shoe.  I also think the quality is very good.
B0058XH4L2 Cute and fun! These shoes are great.  They are nice run around shoes.  One thing that might be of concern is that the shoe tapers in at the toes.  if you have wide toes this is not the shoe for you.  I didn't notice it in the pictures, but I definitely noticed when I received the shoes.  I wasn't sure about the fit so I ordered up a half size which is a 9.5 instead of a 9.  They are a little loose, but you can adjust with the velcro strap, and that helped a lot.These are not as comfortable as I would have hoped they would be, but I think with time either the shoe will get more comfortable or I will adjust.  I would recommend these shoes with the caveats I've laid out.
B0058XH4L2 Nice shoe I was looking for a shoe that was comfortable, did not look like a sneaker and did not have laces.  Found it.  Can pass as a pair of flats with jeans/casual pants
B0058XH4L2 LOVE!! Great shoe...comfortable and stylish. I was looking for a comfortable flat I could wear with jeans, yoga pants or leggings and these fit the bill.
B0058XH4L2 Comfy flat shoe There isn't a lot of cushioned support if that is what you are looking for. This a comfy flat shoe. I wear it around all day with my baby doing errands and enjoying the outdoors. It's comfy, versatile, and great for regular use.
B0058XH4L2 Comfortable and stylish! I would highly recommend this shoe, both for it's comfort and appearance. I was looking for a shoe that would look great with jeans but also be comfortable enough to spend the day walking around town. I found it with this Puma ballet slipper.
B0058XH4L2 Easy fit Shoe is mesh and leather.  Combination makes shoe soft and comfortable roght out of the box.  Great design and logos are not too prominent.  Great casual shoe.
B0058XH4SA Puma Great Product I have been wearing the Puma Faas 550 since January of this year. I love the shoe very comfort for long runs light on your feet. It feel like you are not wearing no shoe at all. I wish they had more colors to choose from. I also wear Bolt Faas 400 for track workout. Compare to other major brand I like Puma shoes the best.This fantastic shoe is light flexible and supportive with a fast feel.
B0058XH4SA Great shoe Shoe is very light, and colorful. I did not realize the color was that bright, but I am satisfied. I will be using this shoe for walk/running.
B0058XH4SA Puma faas 550 The shoe is a perfect fit.  Excellent running shoe. Great price. The  shoe also looks  really cool.I was also very pleased with the on line service from Amazon. Thanks
B0058XH5D4 definitely not made for a wider foot I had such high hopes for these super cute shoes, but once they arrived, I quickly realized that they were going to have to go back.  The shoe is quite narrow for starters, so the toe box looked overstuffed once my foot was in there.  I also have a hard time with too much pressure on the top of my foot when it comes to shoe wear....there was NO way I was going to be able to wear these for an entire day, let alone to work out in.  The tongue part of the shoe is acutally all one piece combined with the rest of the shoe--it actually goes on like a water shoe, then you tighten the laces up over it.  Definitely not for me.  There was no way to make it any looser to accomodate my quirky sensory issues with shoe wear.  Bummer.
B0058XH5D4 Very comfortable, better than being barefoot I received these shoes today, and immediately put them on for a trial wear around the house. I was cooking and cleaning, thought this would give me a good idea of how much support these shoes offer, and if they rubbed anywhere uncomfortably, before I took them out on the street/to the gym.Let me say I LOVE the colors. They are super bright, and make me feel good.The 'unibody' construction- where the tongue is a part of the body of the shoe- very interesting. I find it to be more comfortable than a regular running shoe with a loose tongue. The laces just snug down over the top of your foot, but even without them tied down, the shoe does fit pretty snugly. The support is good, the base of the shoe feels nice and firm, not wobbly or like I'll roll my ankle.I have fairly narrow heels, and these don't slip. Love them. Thanks, Puma!Oh, and the packaging was cute- even says 'clever little bag' on the side. It's made of the recycled plastic fabric, like so many shopping bags, and the box only has the bottom part- no lid. This says it reduces paper by some large margin. Yay, Puma for being environmentally aware.
B0058XH5D4 pretty shoe Love the way they look, but they are a little hard to put on your foot because of the tounge being sewn into the shoe. But other than that they are really comfy & I love the bright pink. I bought this as a daily deal and am glad that I got them at a discount otherwise I would probably send them back because of the struggle of putting them on, maybe after they are broken in a little more it will get easier.
B0058XH5D4 Very cute and comfortable! These shoes are true to size and super comfortable. Lots of padding makes them great for plyometrics/aerobic activity at the gym. I was looking for a shoe like this for my high impact/intensity BodyStep class and this shoe fits the bill. It's also very bright and fun and I've gotten lots of compliments on them. Great shoes!
B0058XH5D4 The Puma name speak for itself Wish I could still get this shoe, really do not like the bright colors, I wear size 7 and this shoe fits perfect.
B0058XH5D4 Shoes Puma wWomen's Voltaic # NM Running Shoe is a good fitting, shoe that supports the foot with a unique design that I really like.  I can wear this shoe all day and do not feel my feet or legs getting tired.  My feet feel comfortable, supported and ready for action!  Besides the colors are really cool.
B0058XH5D4 Feels Good, Looks Good I love this shoe for the fit and the color. This is by first purchase of an non white or black athletic shoe and I love it.
B0058XH5D4 Nice This shoe is light. I love the colors. The tongue is one with the upper part of the shoe. I like not having to adjust it repeatedly.
B0058XH5D4 Nice Shoe I like the shoe.  My only dislike is that the  tongue is 1 solid piece & this makes them a little hard to put on.  Once you get them stretched out a little they are fine.
B0058XH5D4 These shoes are super colorful and comfy! In the picture the side design and laces look mint green but in fact they are just a shade of blue lighter than the rest of the shoe.  The other colors are pretty true to the picture.  They are nice and wide at the top.  The laces are fairly short, but overall I am very happy with them.  This is a really fun tennis shoe, love the bright colors!  I have gotten several compliments on them.
B0058XH5D4 Great sneakers! These sneakers are phenomenal.  They fit my feet perfectly and I could not ask for a better shoe.  I am a Nike size 7 all day long and I ordered a 7.5 in these.  So glad that I did because they are cute a little small.  The tongue of the shoe being attached is EXCELLENT because it does not slip around while running.  Best shoes ever! LOVE them.
B0058XH5D4 great looking shoe, wish there was a way to get it  on. Opening too small to get your foot into. The way the tongue is sown into the sides  of the  shoe makes it almost impossible to get on.
B0058XH5D4 Attached tongue The tongue f the shoe is attached so the tightness around the ankle can't be changed; some days they're too tight.  The rest of the shoe is great, the sole is comfortable and they feel good for running; but, if you're retaining water or anything they're not ideal
B0058XH5D4 fits well, good grip I chose a half size up(7.5 to 8) and this fit perfectly. The tongue is fixed and that makes it a little hard to get the shoe in and I guess I have to get used to it. Otherwise very comfortable once on and like the colors.
B0058XH5D4 Voltaic 3NM Pink Just couldn't make myself like this shoe.  Fit felt bulky, not comfortable.  Not a great shoe, I did keep it and will wear it just around the home.
B0058XH5D4 Cute but..... First the plus. Love the color, comfortable shoe, light weight and super cute! Downsides no traction at all and the cloth near the toe (the plastic wrap around the toe w the puma on it) ripped in under a month and not just on my shoe I have a male co worker with the same design shoe (puma brand) his did the same as did my sons shoe same rip in the same place.. OddHowever I do love the shoe got it at a great price on another site but dont think I will buy another as I do not enjoy having to buy shoes every month. So now I wear them as a work shoe (Im a chef) and I dont have to worry will people notice the little part where the white "stuffing"(if you will) is showing
B0058XH5D4 Interesting construction, tight fit There's no tongue in this shoe - it's all one piece. You have to jam your foot into the shoe. But once it's in there, it's a pretty comfortable fit.
B0058XH5D4 PUMA SO comfortable, feels a little different at first, since the tongue of the shoe is attached to the body of the shoe, but after a few minutes, they are now my favorite shoes.  I am ordering in more colors!!!
B0058XH5D4 Fits funny, did not provide good impact protection when running I usually wear an average shoe, but this shoe fits tight over the top of my foot and is a bit long.  Also, the first time I wore it, I found it did not protect me from impact as well as my older new balance shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe Great light shoe. You might consider ordering a half size larger if you are going to wear socks. My wife uses them for her exercise class.
B0058XH5D4 Love this shoe I found this shoe to be extremely comfortable and true to size. I really liked the fact that tongue is sewn in place, so it doesn't move around and bunch up. I highly recommend them.
B0058XH5D4 Like a glove These shoes are awesome. I usually wear a 7 and this shoe is true to size. It has a tongue under the laces that is sewn in so it doesn't move. Highly recommended.
B0058XH5D4 Very comfortable The toe area is very wide in this shoe. That actually made them uncomfortable to run in. I use them for walking with no problems.
B0058XH5D4 Good shoe for a good price I bought these for my first 5K.  I enjoyed that one so much I will be doing them more often.  This shoe was perfect.  It's lightweight and comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 great shoe i love the shoe but i didnt know the tongue of the shoe is connected to the entire shoe, the shoe is kind of tight! I got the size up like recommended but still tight!
B0058XH5D4 TERRIBLE The shoe is made like they forget to finish it.  There isn't enough room to get your foot in the shoe - so it is going back.  Don't waste your money like i did!!
B0058XH5D4 Puma These shoes are very comfortable! The colors are amazing on it and the inside of the shoe is soft and fits perfectly!
B0058XH5PM Same shoe different color Same shoe as the gray style love the fact that these are slip on style shoes. I will purchase more
B0058XH5PM Great The pictures you see here for this shoe are sharp and great looking, but they do not do this shoe any justice. I am a pretty big puma fan, but thats because I set my standards for comfort and feel, mostly. These shoes are a great purchase and if you are second guessing yourself if you should buy them or not JUST BUY THEM! I love them. I want another pair. You won't regret this shoe! I know your eye's get stary, when you see ferrari!
B0058XH5PM Great Barber Shoe I have been looking for a comfortable shoe to wear all day at the Barbershop and have had success with Puma.My only problem was collecting hair in the laces. This shoe solves that problem.As usual, white tennis shoes turn dirty quicker...
B0058XH5PM Not Bad Well i read someone elses review, &#34;if i was thinking about getting this shoe but wasn't sure, to just buy it&#34; so i ended up getting the shoe. It seams like a nice sleek shoe. Only trouble i have w/ the shoe is how narrow it is. The length is fine of the shoe. Just the edges of my foot feel like they're hanging off the side of the insole. I guess if you have a high arch then you might need a inserted arch support. Not a bad shoe so far...we'll see how long they last.
B0058XH5PM puma like the shoe but need to break it in, it a little tight for an 8 hour day besides that it is good
B0058XH5PM Great shoe for the money Everything was just as offered.  Great shoe for the money, on time delivery, good price, good fit.  And I look pretty cool walking around town in these puppies.  And least I think so and that's all that matters.
B0058XH5PM Puma tergament sport sneakers Runs small,so had together 1 size bigger. Love the shoe very comfortable. Glad to find a men's slip on shoe.
B0058XH5PM Great shoe My husband loves Puma.  He has tried several of their styles in a size 14.  Many of them are too tight, but this style works for him in a 14.  He has another style from them in a slip on as well that works in a 14.  They are a comfortable, casual shoe that he enjoys wearing.
B0058XH5PM LOVE PUMA Well as I do wear a size 14 Puma is the only shoe that I have found that allows me to order online and not have to worry about them fitting properly. I have been wearing PUMA for years now and when I receive them I open up the box step in the shoe and go with no problems. So I would recommend PUMA shoes to men with larger feet definitely!! Thanks PUMA and keep designing because I will buy especially when I can get them on SALE
B0058XH5PM Couldn't get a good fit I don't know, maybe my feet are just too big for this style shoe. I found that my long toes just couldn't get comfortable. As fashion, these are nice. If its the look you want. But I was looking for shoes with proper padding and support: A real athletic shoe.  These were ok to look at, but they didn't support or pad like an athletic shoe should.
B0058XH5PM Great looking shoe I originally saw these shoes in JC Penneys and fell in love with them.. I normally wear a size 10.5 shoe and Penney's had an 11 to try on. To my surprise they were  tight and I was afraid they wouldn't stretch enough to be comfortable. JC Penneys didn't have any larger sizes in stock, so I took to Amazon.com to see if they had size a 11.5 available. Not only was I able to purchase the 11.5 size, but i saved 15 dollars including shipping over the cost at Penneys. The fit was great and wore them in evening while walking around Disney World for the weekend. I didn't get these shoes as an athletic shoe, I bought this shoe to wear casually with jeans. I'm not a fan of the looks of skechers so this is a great alternative. The looks are awesome and I received many compliments from people about them.
B0058XH854 Great Shoe I love this shoe...the colors are great and they're extremely comfortable, especially when wearing for a long period of time.
B0058XH854 bulky and heavy. i hate this shoe show much. the picture look slender and fashionable but the actual shoe is bulky and they are so heavy. i stopped wearing them because my boyfriend called them my barney shoes...yikes!
B0058XH854 Daughter loved the look. They are a nice looking shoe. Not an ideal choice for running in. No flex in the front of the shoe and next to no shock absorption. My husband wears them (Puma brand shoe) for general wear to work, which I think is fine. Our foot doctor suggested other shoes.....which although are not as nice looking as these...much more comfortable.
B0058XH854 Excellent Choice!!! This shoe is comfortable and light weight.  GREAT SHOE and GREAT Color GREAT Choice!!!!! Glad I ordered the 11 instead of my normal 10.  I seem to need an 11 when ordering running shoes.
B0058XH854 size the shoe it self is great and an awesome color but the hole where your foot goes in does not stretch and makes the shoe very hard to even get on
B0058XHACK the best shoe on earth i love this shoe i really wanted to get these shoes they wear and feel good  my feet are swollen so i cant wear closed shoes i give the rateing a ten star
B0058XHCDM In love I've worn these shoes everyday since receiving them. Couldn't have asked for a better shoe! I was just looking for a comfortable casual shoe, and this fit perfectly. Just wish they had more colors that I liked.
B0058XHCDM Great Shoe My daughter walks all over and this shoe has been great for her.  It is comfortable and flexible.  She loves it.
B0058XHCDM Got different color Ordered different blck and pink, but received different color shoe. Even after returnig I didnt get what I ordered. The shoe is not comfortable, sole is slightly misaligned.
B0058XHCDM My Gym Shoe Bought it for using it at the gym, and so far used it 2 times.I had a hard time picking a shoe as I'm really really not into all the shiny colors of athletic shoes.. So this one is perfect! VERY comfortable, simple and stylish at the same time. I'm happy with my purchase!Also, I'm 8.5 and the shoe is true to size. Spot on.
B0058XHEBM great shoe and service Its a tight fit so you should order a size bigger. Other thsn that everything is perfect and I got the shoe when it was expected
B0058XHEBM Comfortable, lightweight shoe Lately, I'm favoring PUMA over many other brands of sneakers.The size fit as expected. The shoe feels somewhat flimsily put together, but they are very lightweight and comfortable. Moreover, the shoe looks good with most types of casual pants including skinny jeans, straight legs, Levis 501 and 550, or cargo pants. I only wish they came with thicker laces, but a trip to Modell's easily remedies that gripe. Oh, I bought the white/black style, so cleaning was required almost after the first wear. For this reason, I limit how often I wear them, and consider WHERE I'm going to be wearing them.
B0058XHEBM Great shoe Love this shoe!! Fits as expected!! My son said they are the most comfortable shoes he has had. Very impressed.
B0058XHEBM Nice looking shoes Although i am pleased with the color and design of the shoe, i would suggest to those with  feet a little wider than the average guy to maybe order a half size bigger. The shoe is light weight, comfortable and goes with almost anything, for that i give it 4 stars, hope it last me more than 6 months, especially how i'm planing to wear it occasionally. Hope this helps. . . .
B0058XHEBM Comfortable cushioning in shoe. Very easy to wear but kind of cheap looking. I only wear them to gym.  Cheap look limits wearing them as normal shoe
B0058XHEBM Puma Great shoe but buy big...it is snug....
B0058XHEBM Great shoe! Size is perfect and the shoe looks great and feels good.  Didn't have to break them in, just put them on and they felt great.
B0058XHEBM Walking on Air! Shoe fits great. I was nervous buying Puma on-line because of how Pumas usually fit but this shoe is amazingly comfortable and fits to the T and is so light its like walking on air. Definitely will be ordering other colors!
B0058XHEBM Decent Looking at pictures of merchandise (shoes) always look better than the actual received product. The shoe feels rather fragile, if that makes sense. There are creases in in the leather which makes it look like someone has tried on the shoe and walked around in it for an extended period of time, or that the shoe may have been pre-owned. Nevertheless, it is a SHOE after all and it looks cool on my feet. I like the product.
B0058XHEBM classy looking This is a classy looking shoe that i bought for my husband. The downsize of this shoe is that it fits a bit slim, therefore persons wearing a 10M, may need to buy a half or whole size bigger.
B0058XHEBM Great shoe As a all around athletic shoe and walker this model is great...comfy, lightweight....Pumas are the best I have ever tried.
B0058XHEBM NICE SHOE SHOE FITS EXTREAMLY WELL I LOVE THE WAY IT FITS CANT WAIT TO WEAR ON CRUISE AND EVERYDAY. WOULD ORDER SEVERAL PAIRS IN VARIOUS COLORS. RECOMMENDYOU GETTING A PAIR.
B0058XHEBM Romas I Couldn't find this shoe anywhere. Great shoe. Awesome shoe. I look amazing in them. It's incredible. I'm incredible. Wow.
B0058XHEBM puma would fit better if it were a little wider, overall its not a bad shoe, it works for for me
B0058XHEBM Puma Sneakers The puma sneakers is a good looking shoes and seems to fit well. I've worn them only twice but I think they will work out just fine for me as  an alternative shoe I would recommend the shoe.
B0058XHQN8 support The shoe has a lot of support. Love the shoe, and if you do a lot of stand this tennis shoe would be for you.
B0058XHSMC Great Stylish Shoe for a Great Price Now a days I have a really hard time finding a modern stylish shoe with support and shoelaces. (I hate slip ons!) This shoe stays true to its' size, hides dirt pretty well, is comfy, and super flexible! I've only had them for about a month but so far I recommend them for any one wanting an awesome quality, comfy, non-slip on shoe!
B0058XHY3K Good look n shoe! Stylish, comfortable and looks exactly as pictured. Classic Pumas are my favorite shoe and I love that they come in a variety of colors.
B0058XHY3K Great Shoe Very comfortable shoe, well made you can smell the leather after removal from the box(not always the case with other brands)
B0058XIHF4 Great Shoe! This shoe is very comfortable, and durable!  The shoe is attractive, and great for walking!  I would recommend these shoes to anyone because it can be used for multiple purposes!
B0058XIVRS LOVE THEM!!! Just love this shoe!!So much so, I bought two pairs. They are comfortable and very light and give me great support.I can wear them all day and not even feel it.They are really an energizing shoe and I am so grateful I found them.
B0058XJ9VK the fabric is hard on the skin I bought this shoe hoping that it would be comfortable walking wearing it while traveling, but unfortunately when it arrived it was a bit larger than the size of my feet and the fabric was rough on my skin.in a nutshell, the shoe was no where near comfortable.Knowing Puma's shoes, I thought it would be more comfy :(
B0058XJH3U Puma comfort The Puma Voltaic Fashion shoe is quite comfortable, even for my rather wide foot. More of a walking shoe than for running a marathon.  Well recommended.
B0058XJJ88 Easy, comfortable shoe I'm really happy with this shoe. It's my second pair and I bought them because I wear my original shoes so much. While I haven't worn them for exercise, they are very comfortable and I can easily walk distances in them.  Look great with jeans.
B0058XJJ88 love it Love the shoe, arrived on time.  Its nice and breezy yet the sole is thick enough to run on sharp rocks without feeling them.  There were a few small imperfections such as threads sticking out, but nothing that affected the integrity of the shoe.
B0058XJJ88 Women's Puma H-Street Shoe The Puma H-Street is very comfortable and molds to your foot. Great for seniors who have arthritis. Another big plus is that it is very attractive and your foot does not look like a Klunker. The different colors are very stylish. Wearing this shoe makes you feel youthful and energized. It is a shoe for all ages. Don't miss out.
B0058XJJ88 This shoe has a last that fits my long narrow foot better. This shoe supplies support and at the same time is light weight and easy to wear.  Do not quit making this shoe.  Just make more colors.
B0058XJS0C Fashionable Shoe, but no support I wanted to love these shoes, especially because I bought them for about 75% less than the price in the store. The shoes are very cute, and fit true to size. I didn't realize that there is absolutely no support in these. A somewhat cushy footbed, but the whole structure of the shoe is so flimsy. I know that this is the new style of running shoes, but I really don't like it. After a 20 minute walk my ankles will start to ache from trying to stabilize my foot in the shoe.
B0058XKUMM greatest shoe brand to me! Stylish, comfy, and fly my stlye my favorite shoe brand there's no other shoe for me love them love them!
B0058XKUMM classic shoe classic shoe without all the bling or rainbow colors.works perfectly with my work scrubs.listen to reviews buy half size larger for comfortable fit
B0058ZYXFA Excellent shoe with lots of room I have had a ton of shoes over the years... cheapies to $150 shoes.  The Puma Pumagility shoe is a really nice shoe for the money.  It runs plenty wide in the toe box and is very well cushioned.  The actual size seems right on as far as length goes.  The insole is not removable but appears to have lots of room for any special orthotics that you may need.  This shoe feels like a $80-$100 shoe.  Haven't had it long enough to know about the wear factor. I would suggest this shoe for very light running or cross fit type work.A great everyday knock around shoe.  In fact, I just bought a second pair the other day.
B005901IP2 Poor product design Within a few weeks, the leather upper had pulled away from the rubber sole of the shoe along the toe of the shoes. I used Shoe-Goo to repair this, and it worked well (now there is a 5-star rated product). Love the shoe, disapointed in the quality. These are the first Puma's I've purchased, and I will think twice before I buy another pair.
B005901UOG Cute but not great for workouts These shoes are really adorable and had great cross-training workout reviews online, so I ordered them.  The fit was wonderful--right on, and nice and wide (which I need).  However, the first time I wore them to my high-impact aerobics class, I knew instantly that they were not going to provide the level of support that I need from a cross-training shoe.  The shoe needs a lot more cushioning in the toes, but that would ruin the great lines that the shoe has.  I don't even think they would make great running shoes, because I can really feel the lack of support in my knees when I walk in them, but I love to wear them for casual wear and at work.
B005901UOG Runs .75 sizes too small; runs narrow; comfortable; no ankle support! I normally wear Asics or Reebok.  These became available and I ordered them on VINE.  I ordered a 9 (only size available), but I wear an 8.  They only feel .25 sizes big and they feel tight.  Thus, you should order .75 sizes up and if you have a wide foot you will NOT like this shoe.For example, you wear a 9 normally; you need to order a 9.75 or a 10 and you will feel about .25 inches too big which is fine since the shoe is so narrow that you will need the extra space.As for the look of the shoe, the LIME GREEN heel makes you noticeable to cars and such but clashes with ANY outfit you wear that is not lime green, purple, gray, or black.The shoe is very comfortable, but I don't feel any ankle support whatsoever.The cheapest part of the shoe is the purple stripe on the sides; it literally looks like someone from an arts and crafts school put those purple stripes on the side of the shoe.==Update: They work well for Zumba classes.Would I recommend?  SomewhatWOuld I buy them myself? No.
B005908V0M not loving them... These shoes look cool from the side of your foot, but from the front it looks like you are wearing a frankenstein shoe. Not flattering. I use them for BodyStep and they slip around on my foot and slip at the heel, no matter how tight I tie them.Oh, they are also sold as a "cross training " shoe, and it clearly says inside the shoe "running" shoe. Not what I wanted.Great for kicking around.
B00593XHS0 Purchased almost a year ago and still a great shoe!! My son gets compliments all the time on these.  They are so unique looking.  They are super easy for him to put on and off by himself but don't resemble the typical "Velcro shoe".  I have since gotten my son another pair of Pumas for the new school year, but I bought these just big enough that they actually still fit him.  The black is starting to rub off on the toes, but otherwise, they are still going strong.  Great, high quality shoe.
B00593Z57G Daughter loves them Bought these a month ago for my daughter since the local Puma outlet did not have her size. They are super cute and my daughter wouldn't stop running and jumping to illuminate the puma on the side. My daughter is a rough and tough tomboy and usually only wears sneakers, so the only complaint I have is the heel of the shoe has really worn down compared to other sneakers she has had. Which is crazy for only wearing them about a month. My younger daughter (1 1/2 y/o) has the same sneakers in a different color and the heels of her shoes are doing the same thing, so I feel it's something with the shoe rather then the child wearing them since my girls are polar opposites and the 1 1/2 y/o doesn't wear them nearly as much. For the price of the shoe I would have hoped for them to have held up a little better a little longer. Other then the worn heel the rest of the shoe has held up well.
B00594CZLO Comfy I love the dark red color and the texture of the corduroy vintge yet modern. I think its a rare shoe, i havent seen colors like it. It's absolutely my stylish easy slip on shoe.
B00594D9E6 Comfortable shoes but cheap These are very comforatable shoes but very cheaply built.  Within two days the rubber part on the very bottom of the shoe (heal area) came unglued from the rest of the shoe and is flopping around.  I don't think I can return this now because I have been wearing them to work.  I should have returned them but I'm pretty sure it's too late.
B00594DJVO Nice Overall Shoe Great shoe only would be better if it was black, as dark as the picture at least, it instead is a normal chocolate brown color, i have an unboxing and review on youtube, so check it out
B00595GMHG Nice looking shoe I really like this shoe. It is comfortable and stylish with my jeans. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because  the size of shoe was longer than other shoes in that size.
B00595GTJM Need a soft, cushy black shoe? This is it! I love this shoe - its soft, cushy and I can walk miles in it.  It also gives you that Audrey Hepburn feel without paying too much.  Highly recommend.
B00595HQ1W very satisfied SHOE FEELS GREAT, AND THE MATERIAL IS MORE OR LESS EASY TO CLEAN, VERY COMFORTABLE WHEN WALKING AND EASY TO SLIP ON AND OFF.
B00595JOOY Sleek Shoe Had I reviewed these shoes after the first day I'd warn them, it would have been a different review.I usually wear an 11 and there's some wiggle room, but these run a little small, like most Pumas.  They also run a little thin, so if you have a wide foot, this probably isn't the shoe for you.  So initially, they felt a little tight, and as the day went on, a little hot.After a few days of work, the shoe started feeling significantly more comfortable.  The shoe most certainly molds and stretches to your foot.DESIGN:This is a sleek shoe.  It's low cut(I hope you're not looking for ankle support), sharp, and modern. The orange stripe on the back is my only knock on the style.  The soul of the shoe has the same orange stripe.Speaking of the soul, the bounce I get from walking with these is almost like a running shoe.  So, if you need to run down a thief, and look good while you're doing it, this is the shoe for you.I am definitely happy I didn't return the shoe, even though I was considering it after day one.  I would recommend them. (as would my wife)
B00595JOOY Best buy Best shoe I have ever won very comfortable,light and easy on your feet as you can adjust the tightness on your feet
B00595JOOY Nice looking shoe. I am liking this shoe. FIts well. I was scared that it wouldnt fit but it fit my size 13 right now.
B00595JOOY Great looking Shoe It is a great looking shoe and fits very well. Be careful with these shoes though, as they are delicate and are showing signs of wear on the leather with very little use.
B00595JOOY Perfect dress shoe My fellow employees want this pair but in ladies style.  Could not find such shoe for women.  I Thank you.
B00595JOOY Puma Vedano Nice looking shoe but is a little tight for the wider foot, length is ok for size 14.  I am trying shoe stretchers to see if I can widen it out some.  The shoe is almost feminine looking when not wearing the proper attire, don't wear this shoe when wearing shorts or cut-offs, you might be questioned - - - - - - --- -- ---lol.
B00595JOOY comforte shoe It is really comfort shoe i prefer this item to all customer. I like puma brand however this is the best of the best.
B00595JOOY Nice Shoe I wear normally a 12 but I know puma shoes normally run a bit small so I ordered a 13 and it is still a bit snug but not unbearable. Great looking shoe with a nice fit. I would buy this shoe again.
B00595JOOY good looking shoe, 13 fits like a 12 Picked up a  brand new pair at a thrift store today, probably the cast off of someone who ordered them in their size but they didn't fit... like many others said this is sized way small but it's a beautifully made shoe.
B00595JOOY Perfect style and comfort This shoe is very comfortable despite it's appearances enough so that I can walk for hours on end with no discomfort. The style also elevates it to that of a dressier shoe while maintaining the ease of motion of a running shoe.
B00595JOOY Great for dress or casual--but be sure to order at least one size larger than usual. Velcro is such a great idea for shoes; why then does it seem to invite styling from the orthopedic shoe world?  You won't have that problem with these Vedanos: they are sleek, stylish, and combine the fleet footed look of a sneaker with the richness of an Italian dress shoe.  I can't address durability yet, but I've been wearing them for nearly a month and they still look like new.  Yet they've also broken in nicely, and are very comfortable (much more like an athletic than a dress shoe).  That, however, brings up the most important caveat: yes, as one reviewer noted, the leather does stretch a bit, like a glove, to become form fitting.  But leather can only stretch so much, and these sizes are a full notch smaller than expected.  I wear 11 1/2 to 12D, and bought a 13, which fits beautifully (thank you, prior reviewers!) but with thin socks and no room to spare whatsoever.  Also, keep an eye out for price fluctuation: this was an unbelievable buy at my purchase price of $61.85, but just 4 weeks later, I note that the price for the exact same shoe has leapt up to $77.00!
B00595JOOY love the design, and feel I love the design, and feel, my only negative is the tip bends and wrinkles very easily, so a good shoe form is necesary to keep this shoe in good shape
B00595JOOY Awesome shoe Comfortable , looks really nice with a pair of dark/formal jeans. It's like having a dressy shoe and a sneaker at the same time.
B00595JOOY Awful Shoe Myself and my boyfriend are very big fans of Puma, however this particular style of shoe was the worst purchase ever made. He wore it for few months (2-3) and the leather started cracking and wrinkling, he end up returning it. The store exchanged it for same pair. But it did same thing, except this one managed to get a hole in the sole. DO NOT invest money into this particular shoe. It will turn your socks black, wrinkle, rip and will become waste of money. I suggest getting a different kind of Puma. This one was a total fail. 2 pairs and both ended up awfully.
B00595JOOY Nice shoe I bought this shoe for a work shoe in a fine dinning restaurant.  It fits like a tennis shoe, and looks like a dress shoe.Only issue is that my dress pants get hooked under the heel and I walk on the pant leg.
B00595JOOY Drift Only because of the tightness of this particular shoe.Nice looking puma shoe,but on the next go round.The size will be alot larger.
B00595JOOY fits like a Puma Fits like a tennis show, but looks like a dress shoe. They are a little snug, even after breaking them in, but they still fit great overall.
B00595JOOY Shoe ok They were great shoes but just too big had to return, order a 11.5 probably could have used a 11
B00595JOOY Fashion shoe Very nice design. Definitely a fashion shoe. Ok in comfort. Material is so so but i expected that for the price.
B00595JOOY Great shoe design and construction The shoe is very comfortable and the design and look is very nice. It's casual for everyday wear and it feels as comfortable as a gym shoe. I have only one compaint, the sizing runs very small, im a 10.5 and i had to order a 11.5, it's a narrow show with not much toe room. But once you get the right size it feels and looks great. i would highly recommend.
B00599DBJO Returned These seem like a great shoe, but i returned them only due to them not being enough support for my personal preference. I didn't realize they were more of a track shoe and not a running or workout shoe.  Excellent traction though, but not for me.
B00599E1GQ Liked the Shoe! I'm a PUMA follower so I like just about anything Puma puts out. This shoe is an indoor version of the shoe of the same style but with cleets. Pumas usually run narrow and this shoe was no exception. They also run about 1 size smaller than what I usually wear but in this style I had to order it 2 sizes larger for it to fit comfortably. In general everyone who likes Puma should take this into consideration when ordering.
B00599E1GQ Fast delivery,Great looking shoe I have gotten a lot of compliments from these shoes.I love the look of them,the green really sets this shoe off in my opinion.There still in my mind isn't any other shoe out there that can match these shoes in there design nor look the shoe gives off and I have had them for about to 2 months now.They are in still great condition with little wear and tear.They are in a league of there own.
B0059BE484 A must have shoe This is my second pair of these shoes . Not only are they comfortable , they work well for those with temporary physical disabilities. Awesome shoe!!!!!!
B0059BGIX8 great this shoe was shipped very very fast .....usually not sure about sizing online but the sizing is right on the money ..really love this shoe
B0059BIXTU Great shoe This shoe was awesome. I bought them to wear as an everyday shoe. They are so comfortable and soft on the inside.
B0059U94MQ Not a good fit! This shoe attracted me because of its neat look. But this shoe does not fit true to size, it fits small. However delivery was on time and packaging was good.
B005B2H1FE Great looking shoe, not comfortable at all High quality great looking shoe.But, when you buy o/l there's allways problems:Size - checked my size at the shop prior to making this purchase, and the shoe is too tight.Sole - when walking on tiles, the shoe is very slippery.  Also, the sole seems narrower than the actual shoe, making the shoe not comfortable at all.
B005B2H1FE Great Shoe for the Price I couldn't beat the shoe for the price.  It was everything that I expected it to be and it totally meet my expectations.  Fairly well made though the material on the side is rather thin.  Overall very satisfied.
B005BBADW8 Cute blue kicks This PUMA shoe fits nicely, is stylish and is comfortable. I recommend this product for a nice casual athletic shoe.
B005BBADW8 Decent shoe I received this sneaker for my birthday back in May of this year. It is cute, I have the grey and pink pair. The sole is very nice, lots of traction. I wear a size 8 but wish I had ordered a half size bigger. The shoe was quite tight for a couple of weeks. I think it only expanded because I had a day where my feet swelled up pretty big, after that the shoe fit much better. The shoe is not what made my feet swell. If I had to do it again would I want this shoe? Perhaps. It is cute, durable and light weight. If I decide to buy the grey and blue pair, I am going  to order a larger size.
B005CAVWLY Great Shoe This cleat is super comfy. Definitely a 5 star power cleat....10 times better then the addidas shoes worn last season.  Sharp looking cat...the only complaint is the white part of the shoe got dirty really quickly. Would recommend for every defender and midfielder.  Great price too. Viva la Puma!
B005CBVO02 puma soccer this shoe is awesome for games or practice. i have an umbro and a predator  . this shoe is lighter , faster and u get a better feel of the ball on ur feet . only prob ? should have bought a size 10 , my 9.5 is abit snug and im feeling it in the toes . other than that , its great .
B005CC3PL2 poorly made these shoes are poorly made after and week and a half the slide part of the shoe is tearing.  It is a cheap shoe at an expensive price!  The foam on the top of the shoe is tearing after little wear.  I haven't even worn them outside my house yet!  VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
B005CK2B14 I LOVE THE SHOE I bought this shoe, however, it's fit just a bit snug on my son's feet. Not sure if this shoe fits a bit smaller or if his foot grew.  He has other shoes 3.5 in size and they fit fine. Maybe buy half a size bigger.It's a very nice shoe. Thanks
B005CK4QE4 Great shoe! Great little shoe (with no laces, which is the best part!!) Very Light-weight and comfortable for my 6 year old.
B005CK4QE4 to big these run big, returned item. didn't process exchange. but was a cute shoe and probably would've been a good shoe
B005CK4QE4 Shoe runs small The style and weight of the shoe was nice. Only problem was that the shoe runs a half size smaller.
B005CK7W3Q One shoe did not light up!! Shoes are darling and cute. Look as though they will be comfortable. BUT one shoe did not light up from the moment we opened the box. I called the company immediately and left a very detailed message but no one has responded. Very dissappointed and I do not have time to call the company during my work hours. If the shoe would have lit up I would have given it a 5 stars.
B005CKB0WA Great Kids Shoes These Pumas fit my 14 month old son really well and they seem to be very well made. He is comfortable in them and because of the sturdy sole in the shoe they have actually helped him to walk more often without falling down. I highly recommend these to any parents despite the high price for a kid's shoe, especially if you like Puma's style yourself.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe! These are a great looking shoe! They are nice and lightweight and have excellent grips on the bottom for a running toddler.  Compared to another pair of the same sized Puma shoes I purchased, these are a little smaller, which was perfect for my little one.
B005CKB0WA Puma Whirlwind Sneakers Very stylish and fits just right!! Love the insert inside the shoe that shows if the shoe fits the child's foot.
B005CKB0WA Falling apart All the threads are coming off, the soles are peeling away from the shoe and these get so dirty, so fast!  Not pleased with this shoe.
B005CKB0WA Styling shoe - too big for my kid This was a great looking show.  I have purchased many pairs of Pumas for my son but unfortunately these were too large and the next smaller size was not available.
B005CKHBP0 run large Really cute shoe.  I like the Puma's and the ease of velcro while still being a trendy shoe.  My daughter had a similar shoe in a 9 which was way to tight and I ordered a 10 (no half sizes until 10.5) and it was gigantic on her.  Too bad.  Also, this shoes has little in the way of support and the sole seemed very thin.  I would have kept them if they fit but my daughter doesn't need a ton of structure.
B005CP0TQS The Shoe This shoe is perfect for my kickboxing class. The cushion is soft and the ankle support is great; I could twist and turn with no problem.
B005CPEUG8 Great shoe Unlike most shoes made of fabric this shoe seems to be holding up really well against my 8 year old's beating!
B005CQ84BY great shoe, runs small! I know that soccer cleats are supposed to be tight, but mine was too tight with a thicker sock.  I had to order up a half of a size bigger, and now the shoe fits perfectly.  I love this shoe!  It is so bright and seems to be well made.  It's actually made in Cambodia.  It's easy to run in, and can get rained on.  I was so thrilled with this purchase, I also bought the same exact shoe in blue and am equally as happy!  Great shoe!!!
B005CQTJAE Small sizing I returned shoe because it fits on the small side.  Relatively narrow fit.  Otherwise the shoe looked like it was made well.
B005CVWYPG Good shoe I bought this for my daughter for her cheerleading and she loves them. We're very happy with this shoe.  It was just as described.
B005FWV85O Love them! Great casual shoe, so cute and comfortable.  This will be my go to shoe for shopping and casual days out.
B005HEJHYO Great looking comfortable golf shoe! I played my first round with these shoes on Saturday and was pleased with both comfort and performance. They are a great looking comfortable golf shoe!
B005HEJHYO Great golf shoe they fit very snug and I really appreciate the comfort & support these shoes give! very casual but also works well with the person who is on the business side of things too.
B005HEJHYO Great golf shoe Really comfortable, cool looking golf shoe. Shoe is light and feels like a pair trainers, and you could wear them all day.
B005HEJK3W Great Shoe ! Gorgeous, comfortable golf shoe.  My husband always wears a size 11 reg.  This shoe wasn't available in orange at Christmas time in his size, so I bought it in black.  Fit perfectly and he loved them.  Recently I saw that the orange were available in his size, so I purchased them, but when he tried them on, they were too small.  So, I ordered the 11 Wide and they fit perfectly.  I gave them a 4 star because it was strange that the 11 reg. in black were perfect, but he needed an 11 Wide in the orange.  It's a great looking shoe and comfortable.  Yes, would definately recommend this shoe.
B005HEJK3W good looking shoe my husband has a wide foot and rarely finds a shoe that is comfortable. This shoe is comfortable and good looking too.  Wish puma would make more shoes in this width.
B005HEK2J8 Look great, but unwearable. Trust these reviews, because I ignored them. These shoes are unwearable. The back of the shoe rubs against your achilles and gives you a blister within 20 min. I've never had that problem with a shoe before. I had to take them off and switch them out. Even wearing taller socks wouldn't help. So painful. I really wanted to like these because they are a great looking shoe.
B005HEK2J8 Great shoe Very comfortable shoe for walking the course. Solid box at toe provides great stability with power transfer on drives.  Waterproof shoe is great, and breathabity is better than expected.
B005HEKWM0 Finally - an Extra Wide Golf Shoe Bought these because I need a wide shoe and these are definitely a EE/EEE.  Most golf shoes that say wide are an E at best.  Haven't played with them yet, but they fit like a glove right out of the box.  Good looking shoe as well.
B005HEKWM0 Not very comfortable for walking a round No complaints about this shoe when it comes to fit/width and was happy to finally find something in my size (14 Wide) that didn't need special ordered. My only knock on this shoe is comfort. I like to mix it up between taking a cart and walking my rounds. If you only ride in a cart, then this shoe is for you. If you do any sort of walking, then you should consider finding something a little more comfortable.
B005HEL0G2 Great Fit Comfortable, and the sizing was right.  I would recommend to anyone who would wear a size 14 golf shoe. Great for golf or as a walking shoe.
B005HEL4W2 Good shoe for the price. Shoe fits pretty good. Not the most comfort but I would buy another pair if needed. They don't make me play any better tho.
B005HELTCM Great Golf Shoes Love these shoes. I wanted a golf shoe that did not have cleats and this golf shoe fits the bill.My feet can move more easily  with them.
B005HEN3GW Great golf shoe Great shoe; lots of traction, very comfortable, and fits true to size. It also is a nice neutral color to match with all outfits.
B005HEN3GW Excellent shoe Very stable once on the grass.  Grips like no other shoe I've had.  Stayed dry inside through a wet game.
B005HEN3GW Great shoe I love the fit and look.  I wanted a wider shoe because so many golf shoes are tight and go to a point at the front that make me wish I didn't have toes at the end of a round.  These were comfortable and i would wear them around all day if I could
B005HEN3GW Puma Golf Shoe I like the Puma Men's Jigg Golf shoe for a number of things. Comfort, Style, & Price. I have had many compliments on the shoe and they go with anything I wear. Great shoe at a great price.
B005HEN3GW puma shoe the fir was great and the fell is good. I had alot of trouble finding a shoe to fit but these did the trick.
B005HEN3IK Expensive but poor quality I bought these shoes like 3 months ago. Initially they were comfortable and I thought it was a good purchase.But just after four or six rounds playing I started to feel something was not going well... Turning out the shoe I was quite surprised, the sole was completely BROKEN (left shoe), from edge to edge. I checked out the right shoe... and pretty much the same, it was not completely broken yet, but it would not take more than one match to break as well.To me, it is unbelivable how a pair of shoes with a few rounds and not more than two months can be broken ???I have already sent a complain to PUMA, since I expect they have some kind of guarentee.
B005HEN3IK PUMA shoe Bought this as an upgrade to an earlier purchase of a PUMA shoe.  This was even more comfortable with a more padded sole making it great for walking the course. The other shoe is now my cart shoe.---Update less than 6 months of wearing and the sole of the left shoe has a huge crack from end to end such that my sock gets wet on the inside when walking on wet grass and due.  I will try to get it replaced but fear that I will be stuck with a worthless purchase.
B005HENODE Cut too small I received my shoes and they really looked great. I have worn a 13 Wide in everything for the past 20 years. Unfortunately this shoe must be cut smaller than other brands. They were much too short and really not wide enough. I was disappointed because I really liked the look and could tell it was a quality golf shoe. I would recommend ordering 1/2 to a full size longer and maybe even a wider width in this shoe.
B005HEPKLS Overall a nice shoe This is a nice lightweight shoe. After reading other reviews, decided to order a half size up. Very good decision considering shoe fits a bit on the narrow side. Only suggestion would be a bit more cushioning, especially in the heel area. Definitely recommend...especially as a lightweight travel workout shoe!!!!
B005HEPXDI Great shoe! Great shoe, fits well, fair price. Delivery was right as expected. No problems at all. Hope it endures a lot of golf this spring and summer!
B005IKIS9C Workout Shoe. This shoe was just okay.  I didn't like the way it look on my foot, but it was comfortable and a nice fit.  Really good price but not my favorite.
B005IKIS9C Puma Women's Voltaic 3 FM Cross-Training Shoe I love this shoe!!! So comfortable!!! I wear them for Zumba and walking. A great product.  Would I buy this product again? You betcha!
B005LCD60I great shoe for the price these shoes are pretty nice for under 40$. medium arch support, light weight, yea they are a shoe & they feel good on my feet...
B005LCD60I Nice men's shoe Excellent shoes, love it. They fit very well to my feets. The only complaint is because, there is a little amount of glue in the suede of one shoe. But it doesn't affect the quality of the item.
B005LCD60I Puma men's shoe Received the Puma Blue Black and white shoe very quickly! My son was very happy with the shoe. He says they are comfortable also.
B005LCE58A Perfect size for Gym... Fits all the stuff perfectly and the isolated shoe compartment is a big plus. Though some more airflow in the shoe compartment would have been even better
B005LCE58A nice Perfect design and size, great seperate shoe section keeps shoe seperate from clothes. very happy with this product. Highly recommend it.
B005OKF984 Great shoe My son wears this Puma for his workouts. He is not a runner though, but he works out about two hours a day. He has this shoe in about five colors and keeps two of them for casual wear because he loves them so much. The grey is very nice looking, he has some of the other colors that we have purchased other places. They are very true to size--he wears a 9.5 D.It is important to let your workout shoes (actually any shoe) dry out completely for 48 hours. They've actually done studies showing this DOUBLES the life of the shoe.
B005OKFCTU Fan of puma's or not? Puma shoes run crazy narrow, and with this shoe it follows the same path..I feel you don't have good heal support due to how narrow the shoe is.This shoe looks different, which I like the look...Lost 2 starts to the fact that this shoe isn't something I'd wanna have on my feet more than 30 minutes.
B005OKOB2Y not a good fit... I liked  the shoe alot, but it was too big. I called the seller. They said they dont have the size i need. Too, Bad! Shoe is discontinued.Because of that I have to return it .
B005OLK5QO True to size, comfortable I got this shoe for my boyfriend.  He loves it.  The shoe is extremely comfortable.  He wears a size 12 and the shoe he ordered is true to his size.
B005OLVDCO Way overpriced! Looks Nice, but Wears Out Fast! Personally I used to see this pair of shoes as the dress shoe correspondance of sports shoes - that looks sharp while having the comfort of a sports shoe. But disappointment followed shortly after, as detailed:*** Not Solid / Worn Out in a few Months: Yet, it wears out very fast. It has only been a few months, and the tip of the shoe is already worn out, and started to be torn already. I am afraid in a few months, it will be completely unwearable. (I have used other brands' collection shoes for years, without any such problems).*** Puma as Shoe Producer: I am a fan of special collection sports goods -over the years- such as Adidas Porsche shoes, Puma Ferrari jackets, and bought this Puma Ferrari shoes as well. Personally this is the first Puma shoe I bought (I have owned many of the other brands, but mostly Adidas and Nike). Main reason for this was that I never saw Puma as a core shoe producer - unlike Adidas & Nike - and did not trust their technology. I see that I am right about this. I don't think I will ever buy another Puma shoe again, and think that they are way overpriced.All in all, way overpriced. Not as high quality & solid as shoes of other more established sports shoe brands.
B005OLW5PS New Puma Mid Shoe The shoe looks great and very light weight. I wore them while taking care of errands for 4 hours. Soles are very thin and feet were sore after 4 hours. Not very comfortable and will not wear them often.
B005OMD7U4 Driving Shoes If you are serious about driving and looking for a great driving shoe these are super.Absolutely the most comfortable driving shoe I have tried.
B005OMEGTA Best shoe ever I love this shoe. I now own 4 pair. Comfortable, durable and great looking. If you are looking for the best sneaker in the world ... this is it.
B005OMEGTA SO comfortable & durable I've got these shoes in many colors & materials and I have to say this may just be my favorite shoe. I have several pair in leather and I can say they are one durable shoe. The mesh is just as good & a better summer shoe as it stays cooler. An important feature that I love is the "plate" on the bottom that is used both to hold the elastic in place as well as proive exceptional arch support. The shoe really fits great and is wonderful to wear all day long even if you're on your feet. I recommend these shoes to people all the time; you will love them!! PS, as an avid Puma wearer, I have found that MOST styles run about a half size small. I recommend trying them & any other brand on in the store before purchasing online.
B005OMEM2Q Quality below par This Puma shoe is real leather. It is definitely NOT D width, possibly B width. I would base this shoe in comparison to an indoor soccer shoe. Very light weight, and very thin sole. I rate this product *** stars.
B005OMFAYK Great Lightweight Walking Shoe I really like the style and quality of these shoes. They're very light and were a terrific walking shoe during my recent trip to Europe. The only thing to be aware of is they do run slightly large. If I had to do it all over again, I would consider ordering a half size smaller. Other than that...no complaints!
B005OS7VPA Great Shoe! I Love this shoe, the style and the comfort.  I would like to have them in black, but my size wasn't available.
B005OT1UI8 great shoe but sizing is off This is a very comfortable and pretty shoe. Casual and perfect for traveling. I ordered the 8, my usual size in Puma shoes, but as other reviewers already mentioned, it is very long. I returned it for a 7.5...can't wait for it to arrive.
B005OT25G4 The Best! This is my favorite shoe!  It is so comfortable and easy to wear.  I am always getting compliments!I hope you never discontinue this shoe!
B005OT25G4 I WANTED to like these so much. The problem is at the toe.  Look carefully at where the rubber tread from the bottom comes up to the top side of the shoe.  See that little white space up by the big toe?  It's a gap in the black tread that runs along the bottom.  They do it on purpose for *style.* That's a BIG problem.  When I tried these on, that space makes the shoe lie flat--like a water shoe-- and it made my big toe stand out and look ginormous.  I don't have a ginormous big toe, but these shoes just made my feet look unattractive.  But the whole reason for getting these cool shoes was to make my feet look good.  If they had just carried the tread all the way around in that area, I don't think it would have been a problem.Another problem was on the top where a *tongue* would be.  There is no tongue, which I liked, but the shoe crosses itself and creates like a V right there.  It just felt really loose, like it would fall off.  This was my size, everything fit right, but with that V gap, they felt clumsy and unreliable.These are definitely womens shoes, not unisex, and there was no Velcro (the other versions of this shoe had Velcro that I heard was not wearing well).After I returned these, I ended up buying Jeep J-41 in white.  A much better fit, and they look better on my feet--like real shoes, not like water shoes.
B005OTA9R6 This shoe fits a little tight This shoe fits a little tight and doesn't slide real good on dance floor wear I do Zumba.  Good shoe though
B005OTA9R6 best shoe purchase ever I do not regret buying these shoes for zumba ---better fit than my other all purpose shoe and more comfortable at zumba
B005OTA9R6 Dance shoe? I think not. Didn't realize this was a totally synthetic shoe. Also is advertised as a dance shoe but, the rubber sole is not very easy to spin on. Not a professional dance shoe.
B005OTA9R6 Great arch support. Cool looking shoe, very feminine.  Looks small but fits a true size 8.  Wonderful arch support.  The heel is a little wide for my foot but workable.
B005OTA9R6 Cute Zumba Shoe Very pleased with the fit, look and performance of this shoe. Everyone in my Zumba class asked where I got these and couldn't believe the great deal I got at Amazon. Even my 10 year old granddaughter loved them. I may consider getting another pair.
B005OTA9R6 Good shoe Cute.  Looks good.  Could use a little more arch support for me, but everyone is different.  I recommend using a waterproofing spray for the leather as the sole doesn't completely cover the bottom of the shoe.
B005OTA9R6 A nice shoe This shoe is a bit stiff because of the faux material that is supposed to be leather.  Also, it is not a confortable as other Puma styles.
B005OTA9R6 Too stiff I wanted to like these because I LOVE Pumas.  However, I had to return them.  I wanted a non-leather shoe since I am vegetarian.  I wanted shoes for Zumba.  These were very very stiff and made my feet ache terribly.  They fit true to my shoe size and felt okay until I started to dance.  After 10, minutes, I had cramps in my arches.
B005OTA9R6 perfect fit These fit perfect and are great for walking. I walk two miles daily and would not dream my feet would feel as good as that do in any other shoe.
B005OTBH0O Wife loves 'em. Light weight, durable, comfortable -- pretty much everything you're looking for in a shoe when you're on your feet for most of the day.  Great price for a solid shoe that can be used every day.
B005R506IO Great looking shoe My husband actually found this shoe for our little girl. The shoe has a good look and fits well. Delivery was before I expected it. the only draw back for me was that the picture is a little misleading. The shoe looks black and gold, but it is a really orange color. We'll work with it.
B005R506IO Sexy Shoe I am in love with this shoe. I love the colors, and they go well with jeans.  The shoe is narrow, so if you have wide feet like me, you may want to get a half size bigger. Overall, I am very happy with the shoe and the price was nice too.
B005R531DG A really great looking poorly manufactured shoe Overall I really like the design of the shoe, but the pleasing aesthetics of it are gradually turning into the upsetting realization that this shoe will have a really short life cycle of use.The white rim around the base of the shoe is starting separate from itself on both shoes, after only about a month of normal use.  For a parent with limited funds, knowing that the shoe is already disintegrating is upsetting.  I would look for another brand.
B005S0PF1G nice shoe i buy all puma shoes for my son, this shoe may fit alittle snug but its a very nice tennis shoe
B005S0QEXE Great shoe A well made shoe for my little man!  Good quality and great fit.  I would definitely recommend buying this shoe.
B005S0QEXE Great shoes Really good shoes, just a problem with the shoe the tongue of the right shoe break off any ideas if the shoe can be return to the company? And how long will it take to replace?
B005S0QEXE Adorable shoe but falling apart already The shoe itself is absolutely adoriable on my two year old. Super lightweight and we love having shoes that tie for him as he cannot take them off himself. My husband noticed last night that the sole is starting to peel awaay from the bottom of the shoe already. He is only two and has worn them for less than two weeks.
B005ZFCUIA Nice shoe, sizes are different Nice looking shoe.  My wife normally wears a 9 but this shoe was too small.  The sizing must be measured differently than we are accustomed to.  We plan to order a size 10 as soon as they are in stock.
B005ZFCUIA Definitely grey This shoe was super comfortable!  However, the picture doesn't accurately depict how grey the shoe is.  There is definitely no white at all.  Otherwise, very nice and comfortable.
B005ZFCUIA Puma the Best The Puma Cross Training Shoe feels like I don't have shoes on.  The shoe is extremely comfortable. I wear it all dayand at the end of the day my feet still feel relaxed.
B005ZFCUIA great shoe! Its a nice shoe if you are looking for comfort while doing heavy workouts at the gym or at home.
B005ZFCUIA great shoe Great shoe love running in it might need to be broken in a little but it fits really well love it
B005ZFCUIA Fun color and comfortable Ordered my shoe size; 7 and the shoe fit perfectly.They are lightweight and comfortable.  The color is fun!
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe Needed a new shoe for high impact workouts. I've been wearing these for about 3 months now and they still look brand new. Fit my size 10 foot perfectly. Great colors. Super comfy. And provide the support needed.
B005ZFCUIA Better than expected! I usually stick to Nike or Asics for my running shoe of choice, but this time I wanted to try something different. The color scheme is what caught my attention to this shoe. This shoe is so comfortable, lightweight, and fit perfect. I have gotten many compliments on them as well. I recommend to any gym goer or avid runner!!
B005ZFCUIA Running Shoe Absolutely love these shoes. I have never purchased pumas before til these. They are comfy and fit true size. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good supportive shoe.
B005ZFCUIA Very dissapointed. I've always worn Nike brand but was told to try these shoes. I'm 35 and female but have had feet problems my entire life so I need a comfortable shoe with good arch support. What I got from this shoe was exactly opposite. It was like standing on a concrete clock. It actually felt better to take them off! They looked awesome but if its comfort you want don't buy this shoe. Plus I used their size chart and ordered accordingly and it was too big! Just all around a let down.
B005ZFCUIA Puma Womens Cell Riaze Cross- Training Shoe I chose a five star rating for this shoe because it's a great and excellent shoe. I love that it's a good fit it's not too snug and not too loose depending on how much you tighten the laces but if you're flat footed and have larger feet like me you'll want something that's not too tight not too loose or you'll end up with blisters and alot of foot pain. I've had the exact same Puma's before except in a different color and they're by far my favorite shoe. If you don't like a real chunky shoe that looks too wide these are a win win, they look slim line and almost graceful, they also have a memory foam insole built in the shoe and an attractive mesh material over the top of where your foot would be so you're feet don't get too hot and sweat or end up burning your feet which as crazy as that sounds I've done before. I would recommend this too anyone.
B005ZFCUIA awesome shoe, awesome price! Awesome shoe. Great price! Fits amazing and couldn't ask for a better shoe. I love puma shoes and they look good.
B005ZFCUIA The shoe is marked "running" - the description on Amazon says "cross-training" but it is a fine shoe The padding and the fit are good and the Puma on the side is great. But why is there a difference between Amazon and the manufacture on the nature of the shoe?
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe!!!' Shoe was very comfortable loved the colors but only disappointment was the shoe does run a bit too big. I would suggest ordering a size down.
B005ZFCUIA great shoe It was my first every Puma shoe.  A great price and style made it a must buy.  I really like the shoe its runs a lithe small. I would highly recommend get a half-siize larger.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe! Great for running. The shoe colors match my sorority colors and that is a great thing. I would definitely recommend them to an avid runner.
B005ZFCUIA I'll buy again I really enjoyed the tennis, was present for my wife, she loved it. Would buy again, because the shoe is beautiful, comfortable, as I expected.
B005ZFCUIA The shoe No arch in this shoe but otherwise nice. I have a high archa ns this would not be a good shoe for me.
B0061NY7QI Nice minimal shoe... True to size, I had to return the 10.5 for a 10. I usually size up with some puma shoes but these were dead on. I bought these for my trip to Jamaica and only wore them twice there. This shoe needed a break-in period for me, sadly they ripped my achilles heel up every time I wore them on vacation. When they get wet they don't dry as quick as an aqua sock either. Since my feet are used to them 4 month later I wear them to the gym everyday and I love them. If you like a minimal shoe this will work out great.
B0064IPTA8 Good Shoe Had a previous Puma trail shoe that no longer has the support due to useage. This trail shoe has good arch support and is a perfect fit as expected have already walked 6 miles and have no discomfort. Hope puma keeps making this shoe.
B0064IPTA8 Puma shoe This shoe started loosing the decorative stripes the very first time they were worn. They are not holding up well. Very disappointed.
B0064ITPKI defective Questionable quality control with these, as I found the left shoe defective in a couple ways. Most obviously, while the lace holes on the right shoe were evenly spaced (normal), those on the left were very widely unevenly spaced, which not only looks ridiculous, but makes it impossible to lace up the shoe securely and properly. Also, a seem under the left tongue dug into my foot (though once again the right shoe had no such issue). Have to return these, but for those willing to take a chance on getting a good pair, they do seem a lightweight, well-cushioned, moderately supportive stability running shoe. And like most running shoes, order up at least 1/2 size.
B006IYT7ZG Shoe seemed nice but received 2 right foot shoes in different sizes The shoe itself seemed to be of decent quality; however, I received 2 right foot shoes in 2 different sizes so my daughter was unable to use them and we had to return them.
B006IYTB1Q Great kids indoor shoe!! This shoe is a great shoe for the price. Great material. They are not stiff at all. They are very soft so they require little to no breaking in. They feel very well made and are ready to hit the field right out of the box. Pumas tend to run a little on the smaller side of true to size but for an indoor shoe you don't want them to be too big. so I recommend you buy your kids their normal size. Unless, you are planning to use these for multiple seasons then I would recommend going a1/2 size bigger to leave a little room for growth. These fit very well as they're broken in.
B006J7WSEY Great Shoe I bought this shoe for a cousin of mine and he was really happy with it. I would recommend it to others.
B006J7WSEY An okay shoe for the price. Being that these are the first pair of real cleats that our daughter has worn, I didn't expect her to love the way they feel, and she doesn't. The shoe strings are ridiculously hard to keep tied, though, and I doubt we would order these again.
B006J7WSEY Seems like aq good deal for the price What you are not getting:  a leather shoe, much less a kids shoe that really tries to look like real leather.What you are getting:  a well-made plastic/synthetic shoe (seems like), that fits girls feet (at least mine) reasonably well, and a design that they really thought was cool.
B006JCTRDO Puma shoes Great shoe for young boys. They run a little big so watch the size. Overall great shoe! Definitely recommend this shoe for small boys!
B006K28VOO Hard to get on the foot The shoe/boot is cute. It looks as I expected. It is hard to get on her feet even though she has plenty of room in the shoe.
B006MWH1S4 Puma Shoe - better in woman's than unisex I had bought these in the past, but in a woman's size. These are unisex sized and they don't fit the same way. The tongue on the shoe is very long and it actually hurts my foot as it comes to where my foot bends.
B006MWH1S4 Ideal shoes I actually returned this pair as I found the first, smaller size shoes fit me best.  However, they are a great shoe and I'd recommend them to all my friends for their style and comfort. Great shoe!
B006OEGJO2 great shoes these shoes are really comfortable and the traction with them is top notch.  it's a great combination: the comfort of a spiikeless shoe with the traction of a spiked shoe.  the colors are nice and orange does go with a lot of colors so it's not that hard to match-up.  I would certainly recommend these.
B006OEGJO2 Comfortable and good price Just a great golf shoe. My husband has this shoe and I have the womens purple version Would highly recommend. Quick delivery to Australia
B006OEGJO2 great shoe at a great price comfortable right out of the box!  Very cool looking athletic style shoe with ample traction and proven waterproof protection, love'em!
B006OEY2NC Perfect fit and feel! The shoe was light and felt better than expected. The fit was exactly to size. I would recommend these shoes to any looking for a new pair of golf shoe.
B006OEY2NC ok shoe somewhat small for a 10w, unable to fit ortho insoles in them like my other shoe the same size. able to wear them without insole
B006OEY2NC Puma Golf Shoe I normally wear a size 10 but the shoe I initially received was snug.  My toes reached to the tip of the shoes and I knew that wearing them at a round of golf would be punishing.  I returned the shoe and got an 10-1/2 size.  The new shoe is still a bit snug but perhaps I could wear less thicker athletic socks.  Maybe this line of shoes were made naturally smaller.I was disappointed to learn that the upper part was made of synthetic leather.  Perhaps this is better in wet conditions but I really expected genuine leather.  I've never had synthetic leather before so I will withhold judgement on it until I've worn it a few times.  I suspect the shoe could be hotter as synthetic would not breath as well as leather.
B006OEY2NC Puma mens faas The shoe fit good and fly great through out the round.For the price, i would recommend this shoe to my friends
B006OEY2NC Most comfortable golf shoe I own Love golf shoes, and have a collection of about six styles. The Faas is the most comfortable shoe I own!
B006OEY2NC Nice golf Shoe Shoe did not grip during wet weather. Needed shoe that would grip when worn in any condition,no matter the condition.
B006OEY2NC Good golf shoe For a 11 EE size shoe it fits a bit small, otherwise it is a wonderful, convenient priced shoe that does the job as intended. Awesome grip, very hard to slip with this shoe.
B006OEY2NC Best golf shoe. Have worn them all and this is by far the most comfortable.Well built and I love the colors and waterproof.
B006OEY2NC This golf shoe looks great I have trouble with golf shoes being wide enough; but this shoe looks and fells great and that' all I got to say about that.
B006OEY2NC Most comfortable golf shoe ever I was very surprised by the fit and comfort of this golf shoe. I have never worn Puma, but this shoe made me an instant fan. Very soft and no break-in required. fit dead on size 11.  I highly recommend this shoe to anyone that wants a comfortable golf shoe.
B006OEY2NC Amazon disappoints with pricing I love the shoe as far as fit, looks, and performance.  The only thing that disappoints me with Amazon is that one week after I received the shoe, the price dropped by 15%.
B006OEY2NC PUMA Faasure Reviews said to get the 10 and I did.  Way to big.  The 9.5 is a bit large but very comfortable.  This is a great shoe.
B006OEY2NC Shoes Played a round the day I received them. Great shoe, nice n comfortable. No slipping on the course, felt good walking around
B006OEY2NC good golf shoe I ordered a half size larger than normal as a few others suggested and fit was a perfect.fit. Good golf shoe. Played nine after a good rain and shoes kept my feet dry. Shoe not quite as soft as I'd like but think after a few rounds they will be fine. I would rate it about a 4.5 stars but since there are no half increments I'll be fair and rate them a five star...
B006OEY2NC PUMA golf shoe I read all the reviews before I purchased this product.  I was glad someone suggested to go with one size larger.  It is so true.  As far as the shoe is concerned, it is soft, comfortable and waterproof.  I don't feel tired after 18 holes.  However, it is not that great when you walk on wet surface.  It is a great product.
B006OEZTU2 Great shoe for the price very comfortable and lightweight shoe. The original cleats seem to lastlonger then any other shoe i have tried. The toe area is a bitthin and gets scuffed easily and lose its black coloring. Am surea bit of polish will fix this.
B006OEZTU2 Puma Golf Shoe I walk a total of 27 holes every week and so far the shoe holds up and is light to walk in them. I have been getting a lot of good natured ribbing because of the color of the shoes. I like it for the fit, comfort, and price
B006OFK01E Puma Golf Shoe I really liked the shoe, however the shoe was too small. Therefore I am having to send back and get a different pair.
B006OG0FA4 Nice shoe Length is right. A bit stiff starting out. I would pick them again though. Very cute for a golf shoe.
B006OG0FA4 Great looking shoe It was the right sisize in length for my wife, but the width wasa little tight. Still love you Amazon.
B006OG0FA4 Great Shoe Looks great and the bottoms are better then your traditional screw in cleats. Probably the best looking lady golf shoe out there.
B006QNQSV0 Great looking shoe! As others have noted, this shoe is not black but rather a dark brown. I usually wear an 8, and the 8 fit perfectly. This shoe is structured, giving my low arched feet a nice streamlined appearance. With a lot of flats, my arches tend to roll in. This will take a little time to break into as the heel is a little stiff, but i'm sure it be worth it! The soles are well cushioned making this a great shoe for walking around the city.
B006QNQUH2 feel cheap I was very disappointed in this shoe.  I expected a little quality but was surprised to find the material and construction of this shoe felt rough and cheap.  I wore the shoe to go shopping and luckily I had several bandaides in my purse because I needed all of them just to walk out of the mall to my car.  I will never wear them again.  I never expected a Puma shoe to be so bad.
B006QNQUH2 Very comfortable and stylish shoe This is my favorite flat shoe.  It is very comfortable and is very comfortable from the start.  It is also very stylish and I have received many compliments on it.  It comes in many colors and I hope Puma continue to make this shoe.
B006QNQUH2 Not so comfortable I wore these for two days so far with thin socks and they are narrow in the front of the shoe. One shoe rubs against the back of my heel. They are ok. Cute but not that comfy
B006QNQUH2 Great Fit! Perfect Little shoe! Great Fit! Perfect Little shoe! So thrilled with this purchase! I want more in every color! haha! Okay not really but they really are a cozy little shoe. Perfect with my leggings.
B006QNQUH2 Less than expected I wear a 10.5 to 11M depending on shoe brand. I ordered an 11 in this shoe and from the minute I put it on I was pleased by the fit - not tight or short or narrow. I ordered these shoes Wed July 24th and The box was sitting on my stoop Fri, July 26th when I got home from work. I was so pleased with fit and comfort that I did not take them off: wore them straight out the door on a weekend trip. No break in needed.What I was not pleased with was the value. I agree with reviews that describe the materials as cheap. If I had paid $20 less for this shoe I would have given it five stars. I ordered the gray. On that weekend trip it rained so I had to wear another pair of shoes or I would have ruined the little bit of suede on this shoe as the rubber on the sole does not wrap up to protect the sides or back of the shoe. Also, there is no arch support and the footbed is not well cushioned.The sole is thin so you may want to avoid wet grass, pavement puddles and snow as I'm sure your feet will get wet. For as thin as the soles are it has decent traction on dry floors. Lastly, that velcro strap on the instep is purely for advertising purposes: it does not tighten the shoe at all.Three stars are for fit and cute-ness as this was the exact fit, color, and ballerina style I was looking for. For what I paid I was expecting a more substantial shoe, but I obviously liked it enough to keep it.
B006QO2SD6 Puma Flat The styling and color were great but the shoe was not as flexible or comfortable as I thought it would be and I returned them.
B006QO2SFO Wtf I tried to order the black pair featured in the default image and received a shoe that looks nothing like it. It has a mesh material instead of the leather as described about the shoe and it is white instead of black. The shoe I received is not even pictured in the options above! I am extremely disappointed, this is pretty much the complete opposite of the shoe I ordered. One good thing, at least the shoes are in good shape. But I am sending them back. Seriously, what the hell??
B006QO2XP4 Disappointing Am looking for hook and loop closure shoes for walking that are stylish and not white or black. These arrived and were disappointing. Ordered my regular size and they were much too big, heel came right outof the shoe. The shoe also had little support all around. I couldn't imagine walking for an hour or more in these. Returned and am still looking.
B006QO4NHK Not water resistant at all This is a nice, comfortable shoe, but certainly not water resistant. I went out walking and the morning dew in the grass went right through the shoe. It appears designed to be water resistant as it has a slip-on elastic opening. There is no standard tongue and the laces are simply to snug the shoe. I would have given it a 4 or 5 but for the misleading aspect of being water resistant. Not a good trail shoe since your feet get wet.
B006QOI4L6 fits like a glove Good fit for my foot. Would not be a workout shoe however but a good shoe to wear with jeans or shorts for casual wear.
B006QOI4L6 Comfy Shoe I received them way before I was supposed to and they fit great.  I wore them all day and my feet were happy.
B006QOI4L6 Great Shoe I love the color and design on the shoe.  When I first put them on I was unsure if I could wear them all day without foot pain.  I tried them anyway and my feet felt great!  I walk at a museum and am on my feet for several hours.  No foot pain at all.
B006QOIEY8 Damaged I LOVE the shoe but when i went to go try it on i noticed the loop where the shoe lace goes through is broken. I have to go get them repaired for $20. The shoes i got i paid 40 for which are no costing me $60.
B006QOIEY8 My FAVORITE high impact Zumba dance shoe I have been searching for a great high impact dance/zumba/workout shoe for YEARS! I workout several times a week and do Zumba at least 4 days. I follow 2 instructors, one is very high impact and implements a lot of hip hop in her class, the other is more of a salsa and latin type of dance class.........this shoe is perfect for both! I am relatively young for knee issues but have had several knee surgeries and a replacement before the age of 35 thus good shoes are a necessity. If you are familiar with Zumba there is a lot of twisting of the hips and knees and you find yourself standing on the balls of your feet, this shoe is awesome for all of that!!! I can wear these anywhere, I am not restricted to using them just for dance, I do a circuit weekly at the gym and can use these for that as well. Thanks PUMA for making my perfect shoe!
B006QOIEY8 My Zumba shoe! I bought this shoe specifically for Zumba classes and I love them! So much easier to do the moves with them on hardwood floors. Better for fitness dance than my all terrain running/hiking sneakers.
B006QOIEY8 Good shoes, needs more cushioning First off, 5 Stars for typical Puma styling, a very good looking shoe with a color scheme that's not over the top. 3 Stars, again, for typical Puma cushioning, in my opinion could use much more. Also this shoe ran very narrow, even for my M width foot, but I can wear it and it has conformed to my foot well enough, but I could've used a wider base. I got mine in a 9.5M, a 10M may have been too long, but I can live with this and the fit might improve over use.I agree with all the other reviewers here that's it great for Zumba. I also used it yesterday for Bootcamp Class, and it performed well enough though it wasn't a high intensity class, it did ok for plyos, but anything more would've been painful. Now for Zumba, I liked that it was very lightweight, I appreciated the sole of this shoe, had a pivot point and great arch support for my medium height arches. But, it was this same sole that caused my big toes to go numb during class. I can feel the plastic and even the round pivot point underneath the very flimsy and thin sole of the shoe, I tried lacing the shoe looser, and it helped a bit, but the numbness continued. To makes things worse, the insole is glued on, I can't even add my own insole. So now I'll add some thin insoles just for that extra cushion I need and see if this works.Overall, great looking shoe, performed well enough, could have been stellar with either better cushioning or even a removable insole for an easy fix for me. I've usually avoided Puma's as it has had the reputation of being all form over function, so when on sale it's nice to try them out and be pleasantly surprised how well they do. I hope the next iteration of this model would be well improved with better cushion and fit and I would buy again.
B006QOIEY8 beautiful shoe and great fit. this shoe has everything.  I have problem feet and these are very comfortable. they are also very sharp looking and fun to wear.
B006QOIQ4Q Good short with great look This shoe fits well.  Although, the leather-like upper is less pliant than my previous Pumas, this shoe performs well as cross-trainer.  Good overall gym shoe.
B006QOIQ4Q Nice shoes They look good, they are comfortable and pretty light weight. There is no separated tongue in the shoe, by the way. There is a tongue but it's all part of the black body of the shoe. Not a big deal. Still comfortable.
B006QOIQ4Q Nice shoe for the price These were cheaper then the other shoes I got the same exact shoes different color but these one have more leather on them around the toes and are better looking then the other ones for a cheaper price wow how is that even possible?the only bad thing I can say is that the shoe lases are a lil short for my likening but other then that these things are great.
B006QOJ3HK Love the shoe I love this shoe but I thought that it was for a woman. It is a very stylish and colorful shoe. Love the mix of colors.
B006QOJ3HK Excellent for Working Out I love the feeling of the shoe. It is not a really heavy shoe, and it feels great on your feet. This is not just a shoe fore runners, but also great for any discipline. It also makes a great statement with its standoffish colors and designs. Although I have not had it long, I know that Puma is prominent for their long lasting, durable shoes and the sturdy build for this shoe leads me to believe it will not disappoint. I would recommend it to just about anyone with feet.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe to use in the gym Shoe is very well made. Comfortable to wear. Have only used for a week. Cannot comment on durability yet. Will update after few months.Bought it when it was on sale. Great shoe for the price.
B006QOJ8PM love this shoe its a well made shoe and i love the stitching...if you are looking for a classy looking all black sneaker this one is it
B006QOJ8PM Puma Men's Tazon 5 Cross Training Shoe Great shoe.  It fits well and is secure on my foot.  Previous Puma shoes ordered online have been hit or miss.  This shoe can serve as a work out shoe or casual walking shoe.  I recommend it.
B006QOJ8PM Need a better way to size shoes on Amazon Different shoe companies have different sizes even if the number is the same. I cringe whenever I order a shoe that is supposed to fit because I normally get disappointed.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoe!! I'm very pleased with the look, the shape, and the size. Puma is my shoes for now I have had so many compliments. Thanks!!
B006QOJ8PM Nice stylish shoe I bought this shoe after having two pair of the Turin 2 running shoe from Puma.  I bought the same size shoe in the Tazon 5 and found it to run a little bigger than the previous 2 pair of Puma Turin 2 running shoes I had bought.  Was still able to wear the shoe without returning it.
B006QOJ8PM good shoe I love my Pumas even got a cool puma bag! Just what I wanted. buy this shoe!! Thank you very much
B006QOJ8PM nice pair of shoes Good shoe.. Went a size bigger as per the other reviews suggested. Very happy with my purchase. Good running shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable shoe I purchased this shoe as a &#34;walker&#34; for a daily concrete walk with my wife.  I was seeking comfort, so I purchased the shoe too big (11.5) when I normally buy a smaller size (10.5).  That was too much.  You can probably size 0.5 up rather than a full size if all you need is a thumb's width of space in the front of the toe box.The shoe is completely made of attractive faux leather. There are tiny air holes on the sides, and larger air holes on the toes.  The front sole is very thin, more suitable for a 50 yard dash than a long run.  The heel is as thick and soft as any running shoe.  The insole is like a foam Dr. Scholl's air cushion, meaning it is not Styrofoam.  There is no visible arch support.The shoe is attractive and very comfortable to wear in the house.  Due to the thinness of the front sole, I have not tried this shoe for walking, running, or any outdoor use.  I have high arches and one previously-broken-but-now-sorta-healed foot bone.  It is possible this shoe would be suitable for cross training or running on a cushioned treadmill, provided the wearer is strictly a heel striker.  For looks and indoor comfort, this shoe would rate 5 stars, but subtract one star for the thin sole.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe! For me these have been a great shoe.  They hold up to daily wear.  I have worn the to work (casual office environment), on the weekends running errands, and recently worn them to the gym to lift weights.  The shoes upper (leather or leather like) clean up well with a shoe brush to get dust and other light dirt off.  Keeps the shoes looking good.They support my foot comfortable.  During the workout I worn the to do high bar squats and the shoes heel supports my foot better not as squishy as some other puma models I have worn to squat in. I felt very stable during the lifts very nice.I have ran and played with my two dogs in them and they were great in the park.  Like these style and model of puma shoes very much.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Exactly as pictured.The person I bought it for loved it.If they are 100% satisfied then so am I.
B006QOJ8PM Wonderful Shoe I was a little against ordering shoes off the web because of the fit but these shoes fit perfect got to order more good wearing shoe
B006QOJ8PM Ok shoe but will not buy again The shoe looks great however it seems to run small in size. Very snug in the toe areas. I dont intend on buying these again.
B006QOJ8PM good shoe I like the shoes and I saw people saying they run small but mine are big and im a size 9 shoe so i got the 10 and they are a little big but ill grow into them. great shoe overall by design and durability
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Great shoe
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe My husband was looking for a good cross training shoe for the BeachBody program T25 with Shaun. My hubby wears size 13 dress shoes and after reading the reviews, I gambled and got the size 14 shoe. So glad I did! They fit him comfortably and perfectly. Not sure if I would have paid full price but glad I got these on Lightning. They look pretty stylish and my little girls love the cats on the shoes!All in all, a good buy!
B006QOJ8PM Great looking shoe. I get a lot of complements. I am more than pleased with the look of the shoe. I, however have some reservations about the comfort level. I had to by arch supports for my high arches so the snug fit forces my foot closer to the top of the shoe. At this time it is causing some irritation because of the way the tongue of the shoe is connected.Hopefully, this will subside when the shoe is broken in.
B006QOJ8PM Most comfortable shoe I ever have wore Most comfortable shoe I ever have had!  The size was correct and from the minute I put it on was perfect.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome shoe I generally wear a 12 and ordered a 12 and they fit perfectly. Pumas are a bit tight in the toe section of the shoe and theses are similar but the size was as expected and I thought the price was very reasonable.
B006QOJ8PM It is a good shoe I love the design on the pumas. The only problem was that it was a little snug. So it you get this shoe get I a half size bigger. Other than that it's a great shoe
B006QOJ8PM Good value Good all around workout shoe. I'm a fitness instructor and it does the job for me. I recommend the shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Good walking shoe Pleased with the construction and fit.Believe I would ptrfer a darker color (these have a patent leather look and feel) but suspect that they will feel/look like a comgfortable old shoe after a few weeks.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe This is a great fitting shoe.  Very supportive, my son has flat feet and there is a nice arch support in this shoe. Very durable and easy to clean with just a damp cloth
B006QOJ8PM Most comfortable shoe I own! These are the most comfortable tennis shoe I've ever owned.  They do fit slightly small.  They are not as wide as the same size shoe in other brands but for my feet they still fit just fine.  If you have a wide or tall arch you'll probably need to go up half a size.
B006QOJ8PM Perfect This is the perfect fit for once and is very comfortable. Thank you Puma for a great deal and good shoe
B006QOJ8PM Light, stable and comfortable I use this shoe for cross training, weight lifting, treadmill and stair climber.  I find the shoe to be very stable and comfortable.  It is very light weight and provides great support during my workout.  I am very pleased with this purchase and can definitely recommend it.
B006QOJ8PM Amazing! This shoe was amazing! I ordered it half a shoe size bigger and it fits like a glove. Very comfortable sneaker and great during workouts.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoe This is a great shoe.  Fit just a hair larger then expect but still works just fine.  Would buy another pair.
B006QOJ8PM Great deal on a quality shoe.. A great shoe at an unbelievable price! Comfy, classic yet sleek look. You can't go wrong with these. Size was true..
B006QOJ8PM Sad..,they didn't work out... The instep on this shoe was way too tight. I couldn't get my right foot into them. I really liked the shoes and they were a great price.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe Nice shoe, I got a compliment the first time out! Good fit
B006QOJ8PM They are ok I thought it was a cross training shoe. But says running inside the shoe. A little narrow in the in step. So don't buy if you got wide feet. Short shoe laces
B006QOJ8PM Very comfortable cross-training shoe I really like the feel of these shoes.  I usually wear ASICS (which I love) but decided to give these a try after viewing them in a running shoe store.  I have a neutral foot (not pronated or supernated) and a medium arch, and these support my foot very well.  I think it's important to buy a shoe based on your foot and body frame.  You can check Road Runner Sports online for shoe recommendations based on your profile.  I think it would save you lots of headaches to purchase the right shoe the first time.These shoes run about a 1/2 size too small.  I normally wear a 10, but had to return these for a 10.5.  The slightly larger size fit perfectly.  Amazon is great with returns.They also run a bit narrow, so if you have a wide foot these may not be for you.  I am not certain if they come in other widths.  They are snug when you first get them, but they adapt quickly to your width.  I prefer this snug fit compared to other shoes which are too wide to start.  The snug fit offers more support.  Overall, this is a very good shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Decent running shoe I liked the design and looks of this shoe but its not comfortable after I run for 10 minutes, feels some pain in foot. I have another shoe of same size but my foot never hurts even if I run for 40 minutes in that one. I feel I should have bought a one size bigger shoe it would have been perfect.
B006QOJ8PM Not a cross-training shoe The shoe was well constructed, but the sole and heel were hard and uncomfortable.  On the inside of the shoe, the word 'Running' was proudly displayed.  Odd?  No, because this is not a cross-training shoe!  It's a running shoe.  Totally misrepresented on the web site.  Just look at the picture.  What's missing is the side support characteristic of a cross-training shoe.  You need that support for true cross-training -type work outs.  This shoe may be great for running, but don't buy it if you do anything else.
B006QOJ8PM Comfort and style Love the comfort of the shoe. I'm on my feet 12 hours a day and these shoes fit the comfort and style I am looking for in a casual work environment.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe at a nice price I was looking for a nice tennis shoe for walking, going to the gym or just to wear.  I saw this tennis shoe, liked the look of it and decided to buy it without delay.  Fits great, it's a comfortable shoe besides being stylish.
B006QOJ8PM Shoes A nice looking shoe for a decent price. The only con about this shoe is that it doesn't vent well, thus causing your feet to sweat more, especially during the summer.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe I have never purchased shoes online before, but I was very pleased with this shoe. It fits and is very comfortable. I wear them out to social events as well as sporting events because it's just a good shoe. Will get dirty if you live a dirt lifestyle. Shape up.
B006QOJ8PM A great gym shoe I ordred these as a gym shoe and they are absolutely fantastic for that. Comfortable, supportive and the heel is high enough that they don't slip too much when you flex your ankle forward and backward. I even wear them with orthotics and they are deep enough that I don't ever slip out.
B006QOJ8PM great shoe Great, nice looking shoe.  Fits as expected and is made of quality materials that seem like they will hold up!
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe for the price... Was in the market for a new shoe to hit the Gym in and got this on Sale for about $40, and honestly wish I'd bought another pair or two. Fits great and my feet don't hurt at the end of my workouts. I spend a decent amount of time on the treadmill as well as other activities involving lifting weights.Great shoe, better than expected.
B006QOJ8PM Solid shoe, black and white design is my choice. Lasted over a year everyday use. Pumas are hard to come by in my area....this shoe rocked out my casual and play for over a year. Didn't blow the sides out like previous shoes, but they are fully worn down (wear em till they break attitude, waste nothing!) they were a great shoe. Would reorder another pair. Colorblind so simple black and white are great and go with almost everything I wear, so no worries (unlike running shoes like my gf just bought from puma, no extream or confusing color pairs on shoes that will clash with clothing)If you are a fan of puma then this is a pretty standard pick. If new to puma then this is a good intro shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Nice Walking Shoe Comfy, firm fit. Durable quality material. Well made and attractive. Makes a nice walking shoe.I prefer a more spongy running shoe, but Puma works as an all around choice.
B006QOJ8PM very stylish I am completely satisfied with this shoe. I wanted an athletic shoe with style, the Puma Tazon 5 is exactly what I was looking for.
B006QOJ8PM This is a very comfortable shoe I like Puma shoes, but sometimes they are narrow in the toe area.  This shoe is very comfortable and has soft leather.  Very stylish.
B006QOJ8PM Excellent I bought it for my son. He like this shoe very much. He is very happy with this shoe. Thanks
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe, runs small, not for avid runners. I work in Chicago and I wanted a shoe to wear to and from the train. I wanted a black shoe that does not overly &#34;standout&#34; when wearing business casual attire - this shoe does just that. Good looking shoe, nice leather and comfortable for walking. Note: these run a 1/2 size small and are pretty narrow. These are not running shoes since they don't come close to my Asics though which are twice the price. I wish this shoe had more arch support. Would buy again for my current use. Good price. I gave a generous 4 stars, 3.5 would be more appropriate.
B006QOJ8PM nice light shoe This shoe is a light good looking shoe. Seems to run small. I should have gotten a half size bigger but they didn't have them as they were a close out.
B006QOJ91U Fantastic Shoe! This shoe could not be more comfortable and they fit like a glove. Great for my job as a professional caddie I definitely would recommend this shoe to anyone who does a lot of walking!
B006QOJDAW I really like this shoe This shoe is very versitile and is pretty comfortable for a flat shoe. The only problem is that they run a little narrow and short. I wear a size 11 and ordered the same. My toe was slightly touching the top of the shoe when I walk.
B006QOJDAW great shoe but... My wife thought they would stretch a little at the top of her foot/toes. that area was very tight and she had to get them stretched out
B006QOJDAW I wouldn't recommend this shoe for anyone This shoe is the most uncomfortable shoe that I've ever purchased.  It is too stiff and although I ordered a larger size, it is still uncomfortable and tight.  I wouldn't recommend this shoe for anyone.
B006QOJSXE Really cute shoes I was so excited to get this shoe because the colors and style really appealed to me, but they only had a 6.5 in stock, when I normally look for a 6. Knowing that Puma can tend to run a little small, I decided to go for the 6.5, but this style turned out to be too big in that size, so I had to send them back and exchange them. I was sad I couldn't keep them, but I'm very happy with the shoe I chose to exchange them for (Puma Women's Asha Shoe/Puma Silver/Fluorescent Purple).
B006QOK6TY Great kick around shoe I really like this shoe.  It goes with just about everything and is very confortable.  Size is accurate so a good fit is very possible.
B006QOK6TY Great Dance Sneaker Overall, I think this shoe gets the job done for a great price. The shoe is very fashionable. The silver swoosh in my opinion, does NOT make the shoe look &#34;cheap&#34; as others suggested. I mean, they are cheap... they're under $40 but still Puma quality. The shoe does fit tight but consider this: It's an athletic shoe- you usually get a half size bigger than your regular shoe size, and it's a dance shoe- which fit snugly. I ordered a half size bigger like I normally do for all athletic shoes and they fit perfectly!The only thing holding me back from giving it a full 5 stars is the fact that it could probably use a little more cushioning. I do high impact fitness dance and I would have been happier with a little more padding.
B006QOK96Y So so Shoe is ok for the money, for running to the grocery store, errands.  It's not a high end running shoe.  Kinda stiif, runs a bit wide, still cute enough to keep for a runnin' around shoe that you won't mind getting wet or dirty.
B006QP38XY Great feel and look. I have only had the shoes about a week but I love how they feel on my feet and the style of the shoe. Would recommend to anyone looking for this style shoe.
B006QP38XY Another good shoe from Puma Fits perfect. Not flashy. I don't like to wear flashy stuff, but this shoe is about as far as I go!
B006QP3CCQ Not as they look in photo This shoe is really thin. The laces start too close on the toes, and the lace holes are way too wide on the shoe. I thought these shoes were slim like chuck taylors, they aren't, so I sent them back.
B006QPLSZ4 One of the best looking shoe ever I love this shoe; the first time you wear it, it feels like you're walking on marshmallow. But later on, the effects fade.Also, I would like to suggest that this shoe would make bend marks the more you use it (mine is on the inside side, it has a folded look because of my overpronation) depending on your walking style. Regular walking wouldn't make a mark. But the style is still awesome.Also since this is a Puma shoe, take note that the width may be a little slim.
B006QPM5GA Great looking Shoe. Lightweight Shoe. Great Color. A narrow fit so a size to size and a half will fit perfect. Great for fashion, not for true athletic competition.
B006QPN3ZW Great shoes! Great shoe as I expected coming from Puma.  Puma and BMW, what else could you ask for in a shoe.  I get a lot of compliments when I wear these out.
B006QQ0WYG Just what I wanted I'm not really into the excitement of shoe buying but I tell you what these shoes are very stylish. I really like the puma cat on the inside of the shoe, and of course the awesome Ferrari symbol. It pretty much can go together with anything..
B006QQ0Y7G GREAT TRAINING SHOE GREAT TRAINING SHOE FOR KUNG FU, ROPE WORK OR JUSY CHILLIN ON A SUMMER DAY, WOULD LOVE TO SEE WHAT ELSE YOU HAVE.
B006QQ0Y7G Good looking shoe with unimpressive build quality and support This is a very good looking, unique shoe.  While I'm glad I bought it, I'm a little disappointed with the &#34;build quality&#34; of the shoe (particularly around the heel area where the sole meets the rest of the shoe - the red part of the rubber is a little deformed/uneven - but not too visible unless you look pretty closely).  I guess for the relatively low price, one can't complain much.  Also, you give up comfort for the good looks - there is not much arch support.  If you are going to wear these for short periods of time like I do, you should be fine.
B006QQ1B3W Good shoe Good shoe what can i say. Very comfortable and stylish. If you want comfort and looks this is the shoe.
B006QQ1DUI excellent riding shoe! Ive bought those from Amazon.  Price was excellent and shipping was very quick! Shoe itself looks very good, made of great looking material and by a very good and know company..puma! I bought those to match my Ducati...those Testastretta 3 shoes look great and fit very well too. Sizing seems to be perfect, I wear a size 8 to 8.5, ordered 8.5 and they fit very well. I will update this once riding season arrives and im able to test the shoe a little more.
B006QQ1HZ4 My Favorite Shoe I own or have owned 6 pairs of Future Cats and it is by far my favorite shoe.  The color choices are great because I like shoes that are NOT neutral.  The slim silhouette, off center lacing, lack of squishy cushioning, and low heel make it my shoe of choice when doing lifting in the gym.  I can feel the floor though these shoes and they accommodate my orthotics.  Plus super cute with jeans and casual clothing.You will probably need to size up a full size, I do.  Also, these shoes are not wide.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great looking shoe and comfortable as well! Wear this shoe for Zumba dancing.  Wears well and is very comfortable. I would recommend this shoe!Great looking shoe!!!
B006QQ1HZ4 Be a little Flamboyant! I normally wear a 11D, but ordered this shoe a 11 1/2 D and it fits very well and is comfortable. This is a fun shoe even if you don't have a Ferrari.  I also bought a pair for my son which he likes but now he has his eye on my black ones.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great Buy! I bought this shoe for $37...I could not pass it up. Usually this shoe runs in the $100 range bc of the Ferrari / Italy logos. I bought 14 bc there was a significant price difference between the 14 and 13. I normally wear 13 and the shoe ran small in my favor and fits really nice! The material of the midsole is really nice, I spilled some ice cream on them the first day and was able to clean them to shiny new.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great Looks, ok fit Picked this shoe due to how it looks and it was even better than what I expected.  I have received numerous comments on how it looks and where can others get a pair.  A step above an ordinary tennis shoe.  But, I would not try to run in this shoe, there is little sole and not much for support but if you are looking for a tennis shoe to wear on casual Friday's, it is a great choice.
B006QQ1MAY Beautiful I got it for 30.00 and after seeing it in person would have payed full price for it. I absolutely love this shoe and it looks gorgeous. This is one of my favorite if not my new favorite shoe. It is also very comfortable.
B006QQ1MAY Comfortable shoe This shoe is comfortable and looks great, but they are a narrow shoe. I'm hoping they stretch out a little on me, so I can wear them while walking around for long periods of time
B006QQI3ZQ Great shoe. Great shoe, wears well and has a comfortable fit. That's all you need to know for a shoe purchase. Compulsory word inserted here.
B006QQI76Q Both pairs mis-sized Neiother pair of this shoe fit as marked and are unwearable but impossible to return.Will not be looking at Puma on-line. I have a pretty standard men's size 10m or women's 12m and thismen's shoe was too short and way too narrow.Waste of time and money.Thanks
B006VEQH42 Decent quality shoe that looks good My son's favorite color is orange and I really liked the design and good reviews on this shoe. Glad I purchased it as it the shoe and it's coloring is holding up well.
B006W0R9S8 Great shoe I bought this shoe for my 6year old and he's not had any complaints. He says they are very comfortable and I thiink the look is great!
B006WBB4D8 Not enough support I was looking for a little more support for a walking shoe.  It was attractive and a cute ballet shoe but not enough support for sightseeing.
B006WBUL1Y Love this shoe! I have this shoe in size 10 in gray.  I like the shoe so much because it is so comfortable and looks very nice.  But the size 10.5 was too large.
B006WBUL1Y Loved the look but didn't fit I loved the look of this shoe.  I've been looking for a minimalist shoe that was stylish enoughto wear with jeans etc.  Unfortunately, the shoe was so wide that I had to return it.  I do nothave an extremely narrow foot (usually a medium width) but I couldn't keep this shoe on withoutit slipping off of my foot.  I really wish that it had worked out as it felt comfortable otherwise.
B006WCN6QK Puma Men's Jiyu V NU Sneaker I bought a Puma Velcro Sneaker back in 2001 at Nordstrom Rack for 60.00 and had it for 12 years and wore out the sole down to the plastic. Never found a Puma with velcro anywhere here in Hawaii so i decided to look on Amazon. The shoe fit perfect when i received it. Its well built Sole looks like it will last along time. Shoe feels good wearing it and velcro works well and looks like it will last a long time. Might look into their running shoes with the velcro. I would recommend this velcro shoe for casual and walking shoe.
B006WCN6QK Nice Style Good looking shoe, great style. I like the velcro straps, as I travel often through airports, off and on with ease.  I would wish I would of gone up a 1/2 size, still a little tight in the toe box.
B006WDOIEI Good Shoe It's a great shoe. Very comfortable. It arrived earlier than expected.My only problem though. When I received the product, the bottom part on the inside of the shoe was already loose and came out before even wearing them. I figured it wasn't worth the hassle of sending them back so I just glued it back together. I was disappointed with that but overall happy with the shoe.
B006WDOSUC Sleek looks but no cushioning I bought these for Zumba, hoping a sleeker, lighter, closer-fitting shoe would keep me from stumbling over my feet the way I do in my usual clunky trail runners.The fit is fairly close to the foot and slightly on the narrow side, so if you order your regular athletic shoe size and wear thicker-weight athletic socks, don't expect much extra room. If you want to add an insole or arch support, plan to go up at least a half size. Ditto if you just want a roomier fit.The factory insole is attached to the inside of the shoe, but it would be fairly easy to pull out if you want to completely replace it -- and you might want to, because the insole offers ZERO arch support and virtually nothing in the way of shock absorption. On the other hand, because it's completely flat, it's easy to simply lay your own insole or arch support right over it, as long as you make room by sizing up.THE GOOD:- I love the look and feel of this shoe for casual wear and possibly low-impact workouts. It's super sporty and I feel light, sleek, and agile in it. The upper is light  weight and airy so my feet feel comfy. It rates a 5 in the style department. I'm a particular fan of the black/grey with hot pink trim.THE BAD:- My biggest gripe, and the reason I returned these, is the complete lack of arch support or cushioning. I did a 1-hour Zumba class in them, and my forefoot felt completely battered halfway through from all the jumping, much worse than with my well-cushioned regular shoes. I tried adding an insole, but I didn't have room for it and my toes went numb because it was too tight.- I thought the closer fit would be great for providing stability when moving side-to-side, but the sides don't have that much structural support, so I still had a problem with my foot moving inside the shoe no matter how tight I tied them. (To be fair, it was much less of a problem than I had with my extra-roomy running shoes.)- The lacing system doesn't really help provide whole-foot stability. Even when it was so tight the laces were hurting the top of my foot, it felt a bit sloppy around the forefoot when moving side to side.THE BOTTOM LINE: A great-looking lightweight shoe, but at best only OK for low-impact workouts. Not recommended for Zumba or other high-impact activities unless you size up and add more support. Even, then I can't vouch for your results.
B006WDOSUC Great shoe for problem feet Due to foot & achilles problems, I have trouble finding a shoe that works for me. This shoe works well. It has enough support without being overly cushy (a problem that causes extra stress on the achilles). A really good buy for the price, it is attractive & well made. However, be aware that it fits small. I had to order one size bigger than my normal size, but that worked perfectly for my feet. I would recommend the shoe to others.
B006WEI3BQ great for the gym Great lightweight shoe for the gym. I don't think the light foam sole would last long on the road, but for a Gym shoe it is perfect.
B006WEI3BQ Good shoe I have this shoe in a different color from the Puma website, it was cheaper here so I thought I would try it. It seemed a little cheap. The seams are splitting a little, but the shoes are very very comfy!
B006ZNNYPE AWESOME SHOE I think this shoe fits well, good support, do not normally buy Puma but will again, the color really draws attention to the shoe
B006ZNNYPE Good Running Shoe I'm still looking for the perfect shoe for me. These are good shoes. Nothing wrong with them at all, but they're not perfect for me.
B006ZNNYPE Excellent shoe for over pronators I hope Puma keeps making this shoe.  It is the first shoe I have ever worn that corrects over pronation comfortably and naturally, instead of just building up the arch and putting in a rigid heel cup. It's all in the build of the sole, and feels like you are wearing a custom orthotic only without the hard feel. You can feel your foot strike being corrected, and I just had the first run in a long time without knee pain and my hamstring tightening up from my gait. There is enough cushioning for comfort without that squishiness that creates too much give and "wobble" in the shoe when you land. Especially good shoe if at least part of your overpronation is due to an uneven heel that causes you to roll in from the outset, and also if you have a tendency toward knock knees.The toe box is a good, wide shape, and the shoe laces up snugly over the foot, a little higher than usual on the inside maybe but certainly not uncomfortable.  This may be due in part to the fact that I am a woman wearing a man's shoe because I need a wide fit and the woman's shoe doesn't come in wide.  I would normally wear a woman's 9.5 E, and am very comfortable in a men's 8D with no slipping in the heel. A great answer to all those pointy-toed Nikes that do not resemble the shape of the human foot.All that remains is to see how long the shoe and its corrective capacities last.
B006ZNNYPE Overall good shoe Very solid shoe, somewhat a little hard, probably Will need to wear them down a little bit, but Very recomended
B006ZO2ZJY Beautiful shoe Great color and fit for a 13 year old. Good sole on shoe for traction, Would recommend this shoe now.
B006ZO2ZJY Very Light and the Colour is Great! This is an amazingly light shoe and I'm looking forward to my workouts a little more.  They are a good shoe to try if you're thinking of transitioning to a minimalist (barefoot) running shoe.  When compared to my Asics, the sole feels a lot thinner and there is a lot less arch support.Be careful when choosing your size.  I wear an 8 1/2 and ordered a 9 just in case they run small.  They don't.  They're true to size and I'm going to put up with mine having a little more room at the toes.
B006ZO2ZJY Nice shoe but slightly large I got the shoe in the same size I usually get for Pumas but there was a lot more room in the toe of the shoe. It felt great otherwise and I used them until I got different pair of Pumas that I bought from a physical store and tried on. I gave these to my daughter who has a slightly bigger foot than me and she likes them. Overall great shoe but I would order a half size down from usual.
B006ZO2ZJY great running shoe I just received a pair of these shoes in the Gloxinia/White/Flame Orange color for Christmas.  The color of the shoe is much more intense/bright than I expected and while at first I was unsure if I liked it, it has grown on me.  The real perk of this shoe is the extreme breath-ability experienced due to the full upper mesh material on the top and sides of the shoe. While jogging my feet tend to get really hot in most athletic shoes but I can tell these will allow for proper ventilation.  I also like that they are very lightweight and comfortable.Pros: ventilated, lightweight, comfortable, true to sizeCons: very little arch support
B00712KP4G Good sneaker for the price. Durable good looking light shoe. My son was very happy with this stylish item. Only shoe company that makes lots of styles with velcro.
B0071BUDRG awesome shoe one of the best shoe ever made by puma , super comfort, awesome look,between all the others sports sneaker i think this is the best, i'll buy the one in the other colour.
B0071BUID0 Great Shoe They have an amazing look and the fit and feel great!! Would recommend to buy for anyone looking for that all purpose shoe.
B0071BVJ10 Great shoe. Very lightweight and comfortable for a driving shoe.  I wouldn't plan on standing in these for a really long time, but the heel padding does make them a decent shoe to walk around in them a bit.  They feel great while driving and give lots of pedal feel.  I am glad I purchased these shoes.
B0071BW9KK color not as described I ordered this shoe because the description was red and lime, but in reality the shoe is gray and coral no lime at all.  The shoe is very comfortable so I kept it and have worn it several times, but it is not red.I would recommend the shoe but only if you aren't looking for a certain color.
B0071BW9KK horrible shoe This product was just poor quality. Not the shoe i thought it was. I usually love pumas but te is too plastic...
B0071BW9KK Cheap shoe that hurts Poor quality material. Tongue is made of plastic that cuts into ankle. Back of shoe is curved in weirdly and rubs against my heel - got a blister within 30 min. Not at all comfortable.
B0071BW9KK Another great puma Puma is a great company per usual, and I have always had great products from them.Without fail I always wear the same size regardless of style in Puma shoes, this is the typical 8.5 size for me.Sizing fit great. The back of the heel sort of rubbed my ankle but this is normal for Puma shoes and I just wear higher socks for a few days to break them in and that always solves the problem. They are good to go now.Was worried about the flat structure of the shoe and not having enough arch support but the shoes have a very surprising amount of support.  I could actually use these to run in for a mile or 5k if I had to. Would not make a habit of it but if in need.  These are the perfect everyday shoe, great for walking in the city or on vacation. The sole of the shoe seems rather durable and is very comfortable to walk on.They are very lightweight.The mesh is very breathable and perfect. These are intended for my summer wear.  I got to wear them for a few weeks before it snowed to break them in. I would greatly advice against these in wintry conditions you will end up with wet socks and cold feet.There are two things I do not like about the shoes.1 the shoe laces are ridiculously long, so I have to tuck them in.2 the shoe lip cannot be connected to the laces so it slides to the inside of my foot. The material of the lip is very odd. It is plastic like and rather stiff. This might break in with time but trying to get the lip to not slide over is not working. It is also slightly uncomfortable where the top of the lip hits the ankle. Was expecting a more mesh like lip or something nicer.Still overall I like the shoes so will keep them.
B0071BW9KK PUMA WOMENS TAKALA SHOE I WEAR A 7.5 BUT HAD TO RETURN AND GET A SIZE 8 ..BUT BESIDES THAT I LOVE THE SHOE AND ITS FIT,,
B0071BW9KK Somewhat small, good shoe for summer. Kind of small, got a blister from them, normally i wear a 6 for these you need to order a little bigger. A summer shoe, not for cold weather as they are really thin and light, but the colors look as pictured and shipping was good :)
B0071BW9KK sharp looking I like the colors and how they are displayed on the shoe.  I didnt get to wear them for long because the back of the shoe was rubbingright above my heel and causing pain.  I know this wont happen for everyone but i am going to break them in one way or another.
B0071BWI1U Sleek looking shoe Very good-looking shoe, the design is sleek and streamlined giving it that racing vibe. They do run small though, a narrow shoe. Normally my husband wears a 10.5, had to order an 11.5 to accomodate length of foot, still a little snug on the width.
B0071EAEFO Excellent light weight shoe I wear a men's US 9 and found this shoe to be true to my size.  Good price, good fit and comfortable from heel to toe without any obstructions in the ankle.  I prefer a slightly wider shoe due to my above average wear and tear on the outsides of my shoes near my toes.  The tongue is simple but I always wear long socks so no issues there.  The shoe is light-weight.  No complaints as far as traction is concerned.The only significant drawback of this shoe is that it didn't last as long as I would have liked(I've had some separation of the sole at the toe of the shoes, but for the price I'm willing to buy this shoe again as its the best indoor shoe I've had.
B0071EAEFO Not true to size, strange shoe I always wear a 7.5 in any shoe. With these shoes, I had to exchange the 7.5 for a size 7 and even then there's a great deal of room in the toe of the shoe but a 6.5 would be too small. The tongue of the shoe is a thin material that points directly into your ankle so unless you're wearing higher socks then these would rub a sore spot in your ankle. I will be returning these for a full refund.
B0071EAEFO A good, snug fit The shoe looks great with pants and wears a little tight.  It is a narrower style shoe though, so this was to be expected.  I bought these with their purpose of them being a casual shoe as well, so the snug feel falls in line with the type of wear I intend to have with these shoes.  They are definitely an eye catcher though, different, sleek and light.
B0071EAEFO Soccer shoe I rated this product with five stars. it is a good looking  soccer shoe which can be used as a casual shoe. The fit is gret and I would recommend this product.
B0071F0IN6 Its great I like this shoe first because its my first soccer shoe and second it has padding inside which makes it very comfortable. I havent played in it yet but it seems that it is good be good. No defects received and the shoe fit as expected.
B0071F1H9A Great indoor Soccer shoe This is a great colorful soccer shoe like I said in one of my other reviews, buy this shoe a 1/2 size up from your other wide shoes so this feels just right to your comfort level.
B0071F1H9A Great Shoe I waited until I wore this a few times for indoor soccer before posting a review. Overall it is a great shoe so far, no complaints on anything and seems to be fairly sturdy. It's very light, and also has great feel on the ball. As with any Puma shoe though, it runs small, so plan on going a full size higher. I wear 11's in everything except Puma, where I wear a 12, and this shoe is no exception.
B0071F1H9A Look no further for an indoor shoe I wear a size 9 and this shoes sizing is true to size.Great grip, and touch feels great.  Would recommend to anyone looking for an affordable reliable indoor shoe!
B0071F1H9A Great indoor shoe Sizing is perfect, nice and tight, just as a soccer shoe should be.  Shoes are comfortable and great for playing soccer and running.  Shipping was ridiculously fast, came the day after I ordered.
B0071RGWAM Puma's are the best shoe for toddlers I  gave this rating because there is no other shoe besides stride rite that is easy on a tolddler's feet. My son is flat footed so I always seek shoes that are basically made for walking. If I had to pick another shoe over this one, I would still choose Puma!
B0071RGWAM excellent shoe My daughters first walking shoe. True to fit, and very flexible sole. Every where we go, everyone comments on how cute her shoes are.
B0071RGWAM Great looking shoe but... My 7-yr-old daughter had some PUMAs (with the wide strap in a ballerina style) which she adored but were falling apart so we were looking for replacement.I ordered these because the reviews looked great and my daughter loved the colors. They are very cute, sparkly sneakers but my daughter has complained to me that the inside of the shoe rubs her toes, the velcro doesn't stay fastened tightly, and they are not very comfortable. I was disappointed that the stitching/threads started to come apart after a couple of wears. I notice that when you tighten the velcro straps, the straps don't sit flat on the shoe but fold over a bit. Also I think they run a little big and narrow. We had better luck with NB sneakers but we will give Puma another shot in a different style.
B00721FXXE Adorable Great shoe! Unfortunately they are a size too big so he will have to wait a little while before wearing them. Good looking shoe!
B00727EVWM nice shoe I love this shoe, I al purchased the puma set to go along with the shoe and botth of them goes so well together. It was a big hit with friends and family!!
B00727EVWM PUMA Cell Tolero / Kids Running Shoe LOVE this shoe! Our toddler has narrow feet, so we tend to lean toward the PUMA line because they fit her so well. The shoe fit as expected and we love the design!The shoes even arrived a day early! Our daughter knew the expected delivery date- she was so excited about her new shoes that she was telling her school friends each day how much closer she was to receiving them. She was SOOO excited when she saw the package at the door a day early!
B00727EVWM Great little shoe I needed new shoes for my 4 year old daughter since her feet are the only things that grow on her! I bought two pairs of Puma shoes, this one in a size 10, and the Puma Voltaic in size 11 for her to grow into(I will go into why the difference is important, and why I only rated this shoe as 4 stars).The colors in the shoe are more vibrant than you would expect, they really are gorgeous! Be waiting for a little bit of a surprise when you get the package and it is not the normal shoe box you might be used it, I actually loved Puma's attention to this and I think I might be buying more shoes from them. There is a tag that comes with the Puma shoes that is really awesome. The shoe insert that comes with the shoe tells you where the child's foot should be(just right, too big, too small).I had my daughter put this pair on first, and the first thing she said was it was tight. These shoes are narrow, so if your child has wide feet, I would steer clear of this one. I didn't think about it that much when I ordered it for her. Other wise the shoe fits really well, and will go well with a variety of different clothes.
B0073FSNFO not the same shoe as the same model that has Bio Ride on sole. Quality is sub par to same model shoe that has Bio Ride on sole. This on has Foos on sole.
B0073G9Z4Q Great Running Shoe! I love this shoe for running. It's an attractive and not overly-gaudy shoe, which I like. I'm an over pronator and I find the shoe offers some great basic stability. Love it!
B0073IR6PE Puma Running Shoe Grey/Dark Shadow/Red I bought this shoe for my son. He is on a summer Track and Field team and needed shoes immediately. I was impressed with the price and how fast they arrived. My son says they feel slightly small, even considering that they are supposed to be snug. We bought a 10 1/2 D which is his normal size. If we purchase this shoe or brand again I think that we will purchase a size up only for the comfort of my son.The shoe is really lightweight and is attractive. Overall I am happy with my purchase and with Amazon.
B0073ITVP2 great shoe! Great shoe for the money! I just ordered a size too big and returned them for 1/2 size smaller but otherwise perfect.
B0073ITVP2 thanx for advise on sizing...... great shoe, very light....good for running around in,happy with purchase as well as advise on sizing...had two friends buy same shoe
B0073ITVP2 Good Running shoe Lite Weight, and comfortable. I have a narrow foot and so far this seems to be a perfect fit. It a decent looking shoe too, I wore them around just as a regular shoe for about a week and half and the felt great, the most I have run in them has been a little over 3 miles and they felt great then too.the price was very low and I feel like I would have been happy having paid up to $100 withe quality, So this shoe is a great buy in my opinion.
B0073IUO62 Great shoe Love the fit and feel of this shoe, also love the look of the shoe. Recommend this product to anyone looking for a good running shoe.
B0073IUO62 Love this shoe. Extremely comfortable. I don't wear sneakers often, because it's hard to find a comfortable fit. I was in limbo about purchasing this shoe for that very reason.  I'm happy I bought them, very comfortable, roomy at the top and overall nice fit. I recommend the Puma Cell Toledo 3 Running Shoe to anyone looking to invest in a running shoe.
B0073IUO62 Great Shoe This is a very comfortable shoe and very nice to look at too. The purple is a great accent without being overpowering.
B0073IV9FM Hide the bong...Jesus is coming! This shoe is a very flashy Bob Marley inspired design.  However, ganja does not come with this shoe!  The very plain laces NEED/desire to be replaced immediately with flashy, green, or weedy designs for the shoe to look complete!  Very narrow shoe, and the sizing is all messed up.  Whomever made these was smoking and toking when they cut the fabric...I wear on a good day a womans 8.5 and I ordered accordingly, but shoe is narrow.  And I doubt if Bob Marley had small feet! These shoes probably will not fit a man or woman with fat, chubby, stubby or ugly gnarly feet.  Overall, a pleasureable shoe.  Figure out the sizing and you will like them!
B0073IVJFM Great Shoe Loved this shoe. fits perfectly and is extremely comfortable. light weight and perfect for running. wanted something for the gym for the carpet their but also durable enough for the asphalt when i go jogging.
B0073IW118 Great kickboxing shoe This shoe is super light and breathable, it fits true to size and it'a a great deal for the $.Minor flaw in shoelace design since it comes undone pretty easily (or maybe not that easy, but it is kickboxing) unless it's double knotted. I'm definitely buying a second pair.
B0073J8SG4 Not bad. Its a good shoe...You buy a shoe you get a shoe. LOL You buy a Puma shoe you get a Puma shoe....
B0073XEDDC Stiff as a board Bought this shoe as it had all the the unique, cool euro looks one can expect from Puma, however this one fell short of even feeling like a shoe, felt more like some horrible costume accessory one would only tolerate for a short party. I have never worn a shoe until this one that refused to even flex a tad despite the rubbery looking sole. No part of this shoe had any flexibility what so ever, might as well have been crafted out of wood.....
B0073XEDDC Quality shoe I was looking for a comfortable shoe to wear to school. I'm a teacher and spend my days on my feet. This shoes is exactly what I have been looking for.
B0073XIITC Great fitting, comfortable training shoe. I love PUMA.  Since I own about four pairs, I knew right away to order up a half size (I fit size 9.5 in PUMA and Nike, while a size 9 in most other brands fits well.)I liked that this shoe has clean, classic colors.  It's also a little chunkier (but not big or bulky) style than some of the understated, low profile training shoes.  Sometimes, I prefer that, so it's nice to have another option.I have worn this shoe for weight training, walking/jogging, and chasing my preschoolers around the house.  It's comfortable and appropriate for these activities, and probably many more.  A very versatile shoe. A true cross-trainer.I rated this shoe a 4 out of 5 because it's not my favorite style/color combo.  But it adds versatility and a different style to my training wardrobe.
B0073XIITC Great shoe, but small Great looking shoe, but runs a bit on the small side. Rubs against my little toe. Comfortable otherwise. Normally love puma
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Cross-Training Shoe The price was so low less than $40 and since this brand backs up to the quality and sturdiness of this shoe I went for it. They are comfy and the foot supports are great (they are built in).
B0073XIITC Love the shoes!!! Very comfortable for running and exercising. Although, gets a little tight on the right shoe, but that happends to me with pretty much every shoe. Other than that verry happy with them!!!
B0073XIITC Nice shoe I have been walk/running in shoe for 2 weeks now with no issues. Good support. I knew it ran small (like Nike) so got the 7 1/2 vs 7 and no problem with the fit. delivered timely as expected.
B0073XIITC Ouch to the Arch The shoes are comfortable to wear as a casual shoe but as a workout shoe it hurts my arch really bad.  From Jumping Jacks, Walking, Running...  It takes a while before the pain stops.
B0073XIITC nice sturdy shoe The shoe is wide enough for my foot, and i like the color--not too flashy.It also seems to have good foot, sole support; still, it seems strange that the insoles cannot be removed (other brands have removable soles.
B0073XIITC Great shoe with excellent heel and arch support I recently purchased this shoe because I love the color purple and wanted to try a Puma shoe.  I also thought that it would help alleviate my plantar fasciitis pain.  It has less purple than I would like (more fuchsia), but the support for my feet is outstanding.  No pain during my workouts.  It otherwise is a well-constructed shoe.  The fit is true to size and very comfortable.
B0073XIITC Great running shoe. Been using this shoe for 2 months. Shoelaces were too short so I got new ones. Great arch and overall foot support.
B0073XIITC great shoe I work out a lot  and really enjoy the look and feel.of this shoe. I normally wear an 8.5 but it was too small.  the 9 fits just right.
B0073XIITC SO HAPPY I am very happy with this shoe. I had just received it yesterday and it fits fantastically! It's a very nice shoe and I can't wait to wear them everywhere! LOVE IT! :D
B0073XIITC Nice shoes. Ordered a half size up based on other reviews and they fit well. Comfortable, good looking shoe. Bought them because they were the deal of the day, and can't beat the shoe quality for the price I paid.
B0073XIITC Great Shoe! This is a very nice looking a comfortable shoe! I typically wear a 9, however always buy half a size larger for any type cross training shoe, and it is perfect. Love it!
B0073XIITC Great Running shoe This shoe a great fit and I workout in them very other day. Also I wear it when I go out.
B0073XIITC Good They are a great looking shoe that are extreamly comfortable. They are light on my feet and make walking a breeze. Con. The leather broke around my toes they only lasted 9months.
B0073XIITC Great I usually get Reeboks, but i liked the looks of the shoe.  Like them better with slacks/jeans than shorts. Comfortable.
B0073XIITC Good shoe Very comfortable shoe very nice looking will buy more I wear them 12 hours a day n my feet didn't hurt
B0073XIITC great shoe. I am a size 9 and I ordered the size 9 and they fit just right.  I just did a half hour walking workout to see how they were.  They need no breaking in at all.  My feet felt great and supported the whole time...  no rubbing or blistering.  I also LOVE the look of the shoe on my foot.  it is sometimes hard to tell from a picture how the shoe will look on your foot and I was very pleased...  looks better on that it does in the picture.
B0073XIITC Perfect Love the color, style, look. They are perfect.The only little problem is that the shoe laces are little too long.But you don't wear the lace u wear the shoe I highly recommend for puma lovers.
B0073XIITC I love this shoe! Perfect colors and perfect fit. This shoe is stylish and extremely comfortable. I am more than satisfied with my purchase.
B0077BXRKK Awesome shoe I like how they fit and I like the pump feature. It tightens up the shoe which makes it nice.
B0077BXRKK One of the most comfortable shoe ive ever worn Always loved the design of these shoe, ever since they came out in the mid 90's. anywho shoe fits pretty much true to size, tight fit and just comfy theyre light, and cool looking (IMO).
B0077C0KYA Great PUMA shoe I had tried the trinomic on previous to buying it from Amazon, so I knew what I was getting into.I usually wear size 11.5 US (mens) in PUMA or Adidas shoes, and this shoe's size was as expected. Excellent padding for my sole, good arch support. The upper material is lightweight, and kept my foot cooler than expected even on a hot day. Soft, padded fabric at the ankle is very comfortable. The laces are a little different than traditional shoes, but work great.I use them more as a casual shoe, but I've tried running in them and they were comfortable.I love this particular color pallate, but beware that there are a lot of light/white surfaces, which can get dirty easy. Overall, very glad I bought these.
B0077CLM2E Comfortable Casual shoe Real sharp looking and goes great with any pair of jeans.  Have always been satisfied with all Puma shoe products.
B0077CLM2E Ok Shoe The shoe is not as nice as the other Puma's, but it is still a nice shoe.  It seems stiff.  I guess because of the different type of sole.  Otherwise, it is a nice shoe.
B0077CZI6K Arrived timely and exactly what I was expecting! I've had a different color of this same model shoe and wanted to get a new pair.  Glad I got these.  Size was consistent, and the shoe is awesome.  Arrived in original Puma box........no complaints!  Was a bargain!
B0078NLMS6 Good Shoe for the Price The shoe fits pretty much as expected, I am generally a 10-10.5 and the 10.5 fit me well. The quality is decent, pretty much what I expected for the price. I don't expect them to last forever but they have stayed in good shape thus-far with gentle use. I do love the classic Puma design although having only one puma logo is a little weird. Overall it is a solid shoe that I would recommend, just don't expect them to last a lifetime.
B0078NLMS6 a bit big dont know why but this shoe fits too big..  size of shoe is correct but it just doenst feel right ..
B007IW7LLE First Time Puma Shoe Purchase I love them! They fit great and are exactly the right type of shoe for the fitness activities I enjoy!
B007IW7LLE This shoe not ony looks good...... I have MG and I have trouble walking...I feel safe walking in this shoe,,,,It gives me stability......I would like to see other styles....Thank you......
B007IW8NJS perfect Love this shoe. Perfect fit. Perfect coloring on the shoe. Great shipping they came in a small shoe box with a puma cover
B007IW951S Puma I love PUMA. The shoe is very stylish & I love how comfortable it feels. The inside of the shoe is kind of slick so definitely wear socks.
B007IWKBK2 Loved the shoe, but did not fit. Had to return them because they were too tight in the toe otherwise they were a very cute shoe.  Could not order a larger size as I wear an 11.
B007IWLJMG uncomfortable you better have a very thin foot for this shoe... i love pumas but this shoe is terrible... again only for a thin foot... itried stretching it but its still very small..cute shoe...good luck if you buy it
B007IWLJMG Perfect sport shoe This is extremely comfortable and attractive.  I dislike the clumsy athletic shoe.  This is perfect for casual times that included a lot of walking or standing.  Men have complimented me on the shoe.  I also own a black pair.  Best shoe ever
B007IXCZZU Wish they were as comfy as they are pretty I've never owned a Puma shoe.  I liked the sleek look and the attractive colors.  However, I found that for myself, the back part of the shoe being so low makes it somewhat uncomfortable; like the fit isn't snug.  I have blisters on the backs of both of my feet at the moment from these shoes.  I'm hoping that's because they're new and need to be broke in rather than a problem that will be on-going.  I did get a pretty shoe, but not a comfy one.
B007J4B1QM Three Stars Shoe is too big. Think I need a 13!
B007J4B1QM Comfortable as soon as you slip them on. A classic style with an ultra comfy fit makes this a great casual shoe for athletes.  A constant rotation of color choices allow you to buy this shoe many times while updating the look.
B007J58WA4 The right shoe does not have the arch in the right place Not sure if it's just me, I have other Puma shoes that fit very comfortably. The left shoe of this brand fits perfectly while the right shoe is not comfortable at all. The arch of my foot does not line up with the arch of the shoe. Developed cramps after a few weeks. Barely wear these anymore after a few months unfortunately.
B007J59LFY nice touch a classic style of shoe with a puma twist , unlike the originals puma steps it up a notch by adding leather and nubuck leather . i think this makes the shoe more rugged but at the same time makes is more stylish . the only flaw with the shoe is it is puma and if you have wide feet you have to up your shoe size , my feet are a size 9.5 EE so with puma i have to get a size 10 M which is not a big deal. i would recommend going to try on puma shoes before you buy just to be on the safe side. other then that i couldn't be happier with these shoes
B007J5ANLU Comfortable trial hiking shoe. I ordered the shoe a half size larger in order to accommodate extra thick socks.  I have used the shoe on three hiking expeditions and so far the fit has been very comfortable.  The only challenge is figuring out where to place the extra lacing once they are laced up.
B007J5ANLU GOOD SHOE so i bought this not only to go hiking in but to wear while working outdoors mainly doing pyrotechnics and i must say i am pleased. having no shoe strings to tie and re tie is definitely A++++++++++... the shoe is like a shoe within a shoe that makes it very comfortable and is easy to go on and off...you can decide to strap it up or just let it hang open depending on your style. I have hiked in it and also did a full on sprint as well as worn it casually (first time out the box) and I am indeed satisfied....Might get me the blue or the purple as well...
B007J5B2QU comfy shoe shoe is comfortable and was able to put it on and  with out having to break it in walk a city
B007JASSKI excellent shoe Outstanding shoe! This is my 10th Puma shoe in under a year. I love Puma! I highly recommend this shoe. Although on the narrow side it is extremely comfortable and supportive.
B007JASSYO Great looking shoe and comfortable as well! Bought this shoe specifically for Zumba dancing.  Wears well and is very comfortable.  I would recommend this shoe to everyone!
B007JATJWE shoe is small for pumas The shoe is very tight. There are also several defects on both shoes creating a visible difference in the shape of the shoes. I only wear pumas and have many pairs in size 9.  The stitch pattern is not the usual quality pumas are known for.
B007JATJWE Great shoe, Odd fit This shoe fits at least one size too small. Too ad there isn't a size 13 in the white with red stripe. Other than that this would be a great shoe.
B007JATLTK Size not sure I normally take an 11 in my day to day shoes.  I planned to wear these during summer with shorts for errands and light activity. Love puma style and quality of shoes.  This shoe did not fit me well.  It seems to fit a little narrow around the toes.  I am trying to break them in to see if that helps.  Probably should have gone up a half to full size to relieve my issue.  Shoe is great style and Velcro closure is strong holds shoe snug to foot which is good.
B007JATLTK fit The shoe itself looks great - but was way way too small.  Foot couldn't even begin to go into the shoe
B007M6BCZW Comfortable, solid shoe for all types of workouts Comfortable, durable and lightweight. I'm pretty hard on my workout shoes but this fit the bill nicely. Fits snug but not too tight. Runs about a half size too small but other than that I really like this shoe. If you're doing any serious training outdoors then this is a very good shoe.
B007MAYD2C Great shoe! Puma's run on the small side, I knew that, so I ordered a 1/2 size up.  This is a great shoe.  Perfect for my 4yr old so she still feels she's dressed up but in a pratical sneaker for school.
B007MAYD2C great shoe! True to size, pretty, and comfortable. My 9 year old was very happy to receive these for her birthday. Would buy again.
B007MC1CHE Not quality made The shoe is very cute but not quality made. The back heal keeps on falling in. This shoe is light weight but is a narrow shoe.
B007MC1CHE Very cute shoe. I wish I would have paid more attention to the size of this shoe because my son has a fat foot and needs a wide shoe so these fit pretty snug on his foot and he doesnt like them :(
B007MC1CHE Good look and fit Shoe looks exactly as pictured and size is right on.  My son slips his shoes on and off often during the day, and this is the party looking shoe he prefers, with no ties.
B007MCOO24 disappointed infant shoe purchase Puma Bolt Evospeedometer Running Shoe (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid)I never make bad comments but have to make one on dis so disappointed one side if my daughter shoe lights and the other don't how stupid is that omg pissed off bad
B007MF7IRY awesome these are the most comfortable shoe i have ever worn. very stylish. well made, and i bought them on sale so also very inexpensive. great show
B007MF7IRY great shoe and stylish for walking and casual were I have several pair of these really like the style wish they had more colors
B007PK5T0Y Great price, great shoe! Definitely order at LEAST half a size bigger, as others have advised. I'm glad I did. That said, I was very impressed! A light yet sturdy shoe, and so so comfortable on the feet. WELL worth the price! In fact I'm thinking about purchasing another pair in a month or two.
B007PK68MW Perfectly Cushioned, Excellent Fit This is a great shoe.  They felt snug the first few times I wore them, but now they fit perfectly.  They have excellent cushion and are very lightweight.  I'd recommend them to anyone looking for a basic shoe for running, cardio, or work.
B007Q36U4Y Cute shoe but... I like the shoe but the seem to run small. They also don't look as nice once they get dirty which is inevitable so it might not be the best shoe for someone who is very active or tough on shoes.
B007SLGLX4 great shoe! flexible, comfortable and beautiful! We bought two pairs, size 10.5 for the little 3 year-old and size 13.5 for the 1st grade 6 year-old. both love the shoe. the sole is very flexible and fairly lightweight. I think the shoe is about zero drop or very close to zero drop. the double-side velcro is very nice. I think the sale price we got them for makes this deal very attractive (32-34$ per pair). The shoe is beautiful, even more in real life than the picture reveals. To conclude: overall we are very pleased with the purchase.
B007TI6W94 tough shoe when buying this shoe the buyer should go a size greater than their original shoe size. that said its a really nice shoe and feels strong
B007USEG6E great fashion shoe I bought this men's shoe even though I am a women's size 8.5 or 9.  Of course because of the men's specs, I can't wear them all day, but they are fabulous and fun for school color day where I teach.
B007VL40KM Cute an very comfortable shoe This is my favorite flat shoe.  It is so comfortable and cute.  I never need to 'break' into this shoe as it is so comfortable from the start.  It comes in so many colors and I have most colors as I like this shoe so much.  The shoe runs on the small side so if your foot is wide or are between sizes, I would go up a half size.
B007VL4J3U Nice Shoe I ordered these and the Fast Cat at the same time.  I liked this shoe but the Fast Cat won out on looks.
B007WQDYQM great shoe Old school , good shoe!
B007WQGKQI little bit too tight The shoe is great just a little tight at the tip but I can live with that and I love it
B007WQHQKW Puma Evospeed I was surprised that these Puma's ran larger than a 6.5, this shoe was an easy 7.  Every Puma tennis shoe or Soccer shoe, such as this one which did not have soft cleats, has always been true to size, so I had to return them.  Unfortunately I lost $6.00 (return UPS shipping-which really blew me away, even with a Prime membership) on what would have been a great deal.  Other than the bum rush on the $6.00 return shipping, the shoe was very cool in color and style.  I want forget to look out for the shipping information regardless of having a Prime Membership.  So given those two facts: the shoe was no less than a 1/2 size larger (if not one full size); and the return UPS fee of $6.00, I only gave this purchase a &#34;2&#34; .
B007X2C1FU Good soccer shoe Good soccer shoe for my 11year old player.  Runs a little small so had to. Order up 1 size. She's played multiple games and practices in it now and seems to be holding up well , better than all other soccer boots she's had prior.  Would definately recommend.
B008A64UCU Great shoe! Great shoe! I am on my feet for 10 hours and they didn't hurt even for the first day! Thank you!
B008A64UCU most comfortable I have several pair of the Puma ballerina's that I love.  They are very comfortable and with a bad knee that is important.  This shoe is about 1/2 size smaller than my others.  I usually wear a 10 but in this shoe I need a 10.5.  The Bixley is the only one that is sized this way all the others are perfect at a size 10.  I wear these with jeans, dress pants and they are great when traveling.  They slip off easy at security in the airport and are great for walking the entire trip.
B008A64X0Y great work shoe I bought this for a comfortable work shoe. I need to wear dress clothes at work but am on my feet all day long.  This was perfect.  It's really comfortable yet stylish.
B008A6BB9U Runs big, cute colors I bought this shoe in Green/yellow and love the colors. Unfortunately it was too big by about a half size (I ordered a EUR 39/ US 8.5 which is my typical size, but I think the EUR 38.5/ US 8 would fit better). The shoe has good width, so wouldn't be a problem if you have slightly wider feet. The laces on the shoe don't go very high, and I felt like it wasn't tight enough even with the laces pulled taut and tied. I would like this shoe better if it had laces that went up higher onto the foot. The sole is minimal and extremely flexible which I liked because it was lightweight, but I wouldn't say there is a lot of cushioning in this shoe. Sending back upon receipt because they're too big, so I cannot say how my feet would feel after wearing these shoes for a workout or throughout the day. They were definitely comfortable for the few minutes I walked around my apartment.
B008A6BB9U Puma cross-trainers awesome! I bought this shoe to use for Zumba. I have flat feet so I need a flat type shoe. This shoe is perfect! I actually bought two pair. Awesome colors as well!
B008A6BLMW The perfect walking shoe. The shoe is just a tad too big,but it will give me plenty of room just incase my feet starts to swell. I t would be nice if i could find a pair of red,solid white,or solid black. Turquoise would be very pretty as well. Oh and by the way,the shoe is also a little pricey.
B008A6CIL0 My new Favorite Shoe I bought this shoe for part of a costume, but it quickly became my new favorite shoe.  The sole is incredibly comfortable, and the color is super vibrant and cute.  I am buying another pair, so that when I wear these ones out, I will have a backup.
B008A6JOWQ Great shoe They fit great. Been looking for a good running shoe and I found it. I went 1/2 size bigger like other reviews said and it worked out great!!
B008A6JWU0 Great Shoe This shoe is super light-weight, easy to slip on, and very, very, comfortable. The price is pretty decent, too. It's a good buy. Although I agree with the rest of the reviews, it is best to go a size up.
B008A6JZG6 Attention getter, for sure! The color draws positive reactions from everyone, and is the reason I ordered this shoe in the first place!  I kept it because it is lightweight and perfect for indoor aerobics and Zumba, as well as strength training.  Not a good shoe for running, even on a treadmill.  I have a high instep, so I do need to wear an insole for support.
B008A6K8XU These Look Nice on You I have been a Puma fan since I was a teen, and these are my favorite!!! :DThe fit is sleek and lightweight. Love. Love. Love it. My feet have a lot of arch to them and these Pumas hug them and it feels great. This is a casual shoe, so don&#8217;t expect a whole lot of support like an orthopedic shoe. I don&#8217;t think they are narrow either so that&#8217;s nice for some.The shoelaces are unique. They are really thin and flat almost like a streamer to compliment the overall style of the shoe.I like that the tongue is also thin it adds to the sleek style. It may flip a bit on the inside, but that is no big deal to fix. These Pumas need to be broken into just like any other shoe, so be aware that the back may dig into your feet with low cut socks.Overall, these are really nice casual shoes, and they look so much better in person than the photos on Amazon.
B008A6KTKC love this shoe the colors of the shoe is right on as depicted.  I love the fit and comfort of this shoe.  it is great for walking & cross training.  I haven't used it for running, but i'm sure it would be ok.
B008A6KTKC stiff shoe I have to wear insoles in my shoes and they wouldn't fit into these. also the sole of the shoe is quite stiff so when walking the shoe doesn't conform to your normal movement.
B008A6KTKC Great Cross Training Shoe Perfect fit, true to size, good support.  I get complimented on the dynamic colors every time I wear them to workout !!!
B008A6KTKC a great shoe This is a very comfortable shoe. The colors are fun. Been getting many compliments. I would buy this shoe again.
B008A6KTKC Good shoe... Not for wide fit I got these for my wife; but the inner elastic lining makes it impossible to for her to get her foot through. They look so good and I wish they made the mouth of the shoe wider which is the only reason I took 1 point off.
B008A6KTKC Love them~! When I saw there was no 'movable tongue' on the shoe, I was worried this shoe would fit to tight.  I tend to have a wider foot, but it fits perfect!  I feel it gives more stability than the tongue moving all over when your working out too!  LOVE THEM!
B008A6KTKC Couldn't get my foot into the shoe I bought this shoe and a pair of Reeboks, both size 7 1/2, at the same time. The Reeboks fit perfectly. In contrast, I could not get my foot into this shoe. The tongue is one piece flowing across the entrance to the shoe and has very little stretch, hence allowing no room to actually stick my foot in.  So, they are being returned. Too bad, the Puma's are very nice looking.
B008A6KTKC Perfect shoes for Zumba or running! I cannot say enough good things about this shoe.  I have wide feet and have had extreme difficulty finding a shoe suitable for Zumba and BodyJam.  I've never had a pair of Puma before, but I am sold.  Getting used to the connected tongue felt weird at first, but it feels as if my foot is more stable and the shoe moves as a single unit.1.  Chiefly, I love the color (my shoes are pink and green)PUMA Women's Voltaic 4 MT Running Shoe.  It pops and is fun.2.  Great arch support.  My feet no longer hurt during class.3.  Wonderful shock absorbency.  No more aching knees.I have no complaints about this shoe and am thinking of getting another pair.
B008A6KTKC Perfect Running Shoe Thanks to the reviews I was able to select the perfect size. I am normally an 8 1/2 but ordered a size 8 because that seemed to be the only issue with this shoe. I have wide feet and was nervous about buying online. I LOVE MY PURCHASE. The size 8 fits perfectly and I've already ran in them a few times. If you want a comfortable minimalist awesome running shoe. This is it!!!
B008A6KTKC Great running shoe/cross trainer Great running shoe/cross trainer, but not a shoe I can stand comfortably in for hours on end. If you need an excellent gym shoe that will also do you well for a 5K, consider these. But if you stand on your feet for hours at a time, and have normal arches like I do, you will be in agony after hour two and should consider something else. The colors are beautiful (I got the black/lime green/pink combo)and they accompany me four times a week to the gym, track and yoga practice without fail. I don't regret my purchase at all, but I know now that I need to choose another pair of shoes if I'm working an all-day event.
B008A6KTKC great shoe! I bought this shoe to my wife, it looks really good, she likes the confort and design. definetely i recommend this shoe for a woman
B008A6KTKC Great for walking/jogging I love how this shoe looks and feels. This is my second pair, otherwise I probably wouldn't purchase a running shoe online.
B008A6KTKC neat shoe Shoe looks great.  Fit was as expected with the Puma shoes.  No complaints and will no doubt purchase more Puma shoes in the future.  Great color combos.
B008A6KTKC Great shoe! I love this shoe. Fits perfectly, very comfortable and looks great! Puma has finally returned to it's stylish design and great colors. Wish I could find this in a white/silver/grey color.
B008A6KTKC Great Shoe! The size was accurate and the fit is comfortable.The support is perfect for a workout shoe and I love the colors.
B008A6KTKC my new favorite shoe... I am not really a gym shoe type but,  green is my favorite color and these are soo pretty and stylish,  I had to have them.  They look just as pretty in person.  I'm about to get another pair.
B008A6KTKC Great shoe The shoe is very comfortable and looks good. I am 20 weeks pregnant and my feet are not hurting too bad with this shoe. I would highly recommend it to other buyers.
B008A6KTKC Not my Favorite The shoe fits a little awkward. It is not clear in the description that the tongue of shoe is connected, They are very hard to get off and on, but yet when I have them on they are loose around my heel.
B008A6KTKC Great Shoe for the money....love them!! I bought these to wear for Zumba classes and they are just perfect, light and not bulky feeling easy to move in.
B008A6KTKC Great Gym and Running Shoe This shoe fit consistent with any other shoes I normally buy. I consistently wear a 6 - 6 1/2 and these in a size 6 fit just right. They'll be even better once they're broken in by multiple miles but comfortable from day 1.
B008A6KTKC Best Puma shoe ever!! Shoe fits and feels great!! The support is awesome! My knees don't hurt after running. The colors are a nice touch as well, I receive a ton of compliments on them
B008A6KTKC Lovely shoe but not a cross-trainer - the shoe says it for running There is a disconnect between the shoe and the online description. I would give this 5 stars for fit and looks as a running shoe. But I thought I was ordering a cross-trainer for the gym.
B008A6KTKC Good crosstrainer I needed a cross trainer for P90X3. This shoe will work. I gave it 4 stars because I thought the shoe was mesh all over.
B008A6KTKC great shoe, but a little snug I adore this shoe. At first it was a little snug, however, after wearing them for a few days they loosened up to fit my feet. The colors are very vibrant and true to the picture shown online. My most favorite feature about the shoe is the absence of the shoe's tongue.
B008A6KTKC Great shoe I got these when they were a lightening deal. I wish I would have gotten a couple pair. They are a great workout shoe and give me the support that I need for doing crossfit workouts.
B008A6KTKC Comfy on Day 1!!!! The shoe is very comfy and surprisingly wonderful to wear! The color is subtle and the grip this shoe provides is great for a runner. Definitely recommend!
B008A6KTKC Not for me I returned these shoes.  The are brighter and wider in person than in the pictures, but the main reasons for me returning them were that they were a little snug on me, and I didn't like the stitched shoe tongue idea.  What I mean is...I realized that I like to be able to adjust the shoe tongue to my comfort and do not like it built in as an elastic into the shoe.
B008A6KTKC built in shoe booty was unexpected A little loose in the back, considering built in shoe booty. But very nice quality and got used to fit.
B008A6KTKC most COMFORTABLE shoe i own i already own 2 pairs of the Voltaic 3 and they are phenomenal!i'll never purchase another Nike after owning these Pumas.i usually wear a 7.5 or 8, but ive found in this shoe it may run a slight bit snug.so i own 8 and 8.5's which fit about the same.cant wait for them to make more colors so i can purchase more!
B008A6KTKC Pink & Lime Puma Voltaic Running Shoes This is a very attractive shoe & I've received alot of compliments.  The colors are vibrant and the shoe is comfortable.  I normally wear a 9.5 but I had to get a size 10.  So be sure to order 1/2 size larger.  I would definitely recommend this shoe!
B008A6KTKC Puma running shoe This shoe is awesome. Love the style and color. Got several compliments on this shoe. Will probably order more colors.
B008A6KTKC Great color but... I  really like the color of these shoes.  The tongue is all one piece with the rest of the shoe,  so you can't  really loosen it to get your foot in and out.  I've been having trouble  with them making my feet  kind of numb and have tried not tightening them to much,  but then my heels lift out ( I'm hoping this will get better as they break in).  Also,  the upper part of the shoe is really padded which took a little getting used to,  but I think they make my feet look really wide.
B008A6QIV6 Pressure point on part of heel I think one shoe is bad.  There is a higher spot inside the shoe that is causing pressure on the heel of one shoe.  Otherwise, these shoes would feel good.  Nice looking, too.
B008A6YAFW Great shoe! Awesome shoe! Fits just like a normal size 11 shoe. I love PuMA shoes and I have quite a few of this style, so it's a good addition.
B008A77PNA Well made shows but run large These are really nicely made with leather perf all over the shoe.  Unfortunately they ran large and I had to return them.  It felt like they were a size larger than my other Puma's that were very similiar, just didn't have the perf all over the shoe.  The perforated design looks really nice and the shoe was flexible.
B008AILZZI Great Shoe I read a lot of reviews on how these shoes run smaller and while that is partially true it is more width than length.  In the long run it takes only about two to three times wearing the shoe and they break in nicely.  Also light as a feather you hardly can believe your wearing shoes in the first place.
B008AILZZI Great shoe...but be generous in choosing the size. Nice shoe as it looks in picture...Main speciality of this shoe is its weight...its as light as a paper...Only thing to be careful about is to order a size that is larger by an inch than your usual size is.Shoe looks very small and compact, one can say it a slim fit shoe. With right size you will love it.
B008AJYYCI Boss Puma Shoe ((: Absolutely loved the grey Ducati shoe...looks fast feels fast and gets complements. Fits me well and looks good with sporty jackets n jeans etc.
B008AK6Q8C These are the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn These are the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. They fit like a glove. I have ordered the red and blue after I tried these on. My next order will be the black.
B008AKOFGW GREAT SHOE AS ALWAYS PUMA IS THE BRAND I DEPEND ON
B008AL33QE No shoe I was so disappointed when I ordered this for my husband's birthday and only to find out that I was refunded the money with no explanation, I guess the shoe was no longer available.
B008AL33QE Great look and fit! This shoe looks amazing in person and looks great in any outfit. The shoe fits right to size and should feel snug until it breaks in slightly. No need to get a half size bigger on this shoe if you want a good fit. These are also great shoes to drive in and feel absolutely magnificent behind the wheel. Highly recommend these!
B008AL4BLU Good shape but the heel and the back of the foot does not fit so well. It is a little loose such that when you walk, your heel leaves the sole.  You get the feeling that your shoe is about to fall off.You would not want to run with this shoe or walk briskly
B008ALI936 Awesome shoe Beautiful shoe. I have had numerous people tell me how awesome they look. Light on the feet, almost feel barefooted. I will definately purchase more if these last as expected.
B008ALI936 great shoe! i love the styling of this shoe. it is the perfect blend of casual and business.also, i was worried when purchasing that it was not going to be the right size based on the reviews i was reading. even so, i ordered my normal size (10.5) and it fits perfectly. nice shoe! i really like it!
B008ALI936 Puma the shoe for comfort. Just wore them in house; not outside due to the rain but they are very comfortable. The Price was perfect. I bought the shoe because of a friends recommendation. Glad I made that choice.
B008ALWBFS Puma shoe great for indoor, i recommend if you do buy this, to buy a leather cleaner with it so it REMAINS clean!
B008ALX6SO Well designed cleats My last soccer turf shoe was size 9.5 and my feet started to hurt because it feels tight. So I purchase this shoe 1/2 size larger (10) and it fits well with a little bit toe room in the front. It breaks in without problem and it handles well in the grass field I played. The outside looks attractive. The price was reasonable and I am happy with the purchase.
B008ALX6SO Lightweight but sturdy This shoe is very similar to one Puma used to make that fit need for a light sport shoe with good traction. Can be used for recreational soccer and softball. Wish it came in gray like the older model.
B008ALX6SO Good quality/bargain Bought these about a month ago.  I bought a 1/2 size up based on other reviews but probably didn't need to: I have some space left over with 1/2 size larger.  The shoe is sturdy and allows me to cut well in grass.  Slips on wet grass but this is expected with no actual cleat.  The shoe fits comfortably and has not caused any foot aggravation yet.  I would buy again.I would give 5 stars but it's no frills style makes it kind of an ugly shoe.  Still, I bought them for function and they meet that requirement.
B008ALX6SO Nice Shoe  Good Fit The shoe fits well and arrived as described.  Small cleats for short turf, I would recommend this shoe to anyone.
B008ALXEBS Great turf shoe Fit a little tight but once I wore them a little bit they lose we up!  Now they feel good
B008AWU21W Great Shoe This is a fantastic shoe, When i order'd these they came in right away and when I wore them to school, everyone loved them. Some kids even told me to leave them in my gym locker so they could steal them hahaha. Great shoe, I reccommend it entirely
B008AWUB54 Hoping It's Not Just a Faas These shoes are comfortable,  relatively inexpensive, and look good. Any shoe company that can produce this type of shoe will be getting my money.
B008AWW7Y2 Comfort Light, comfortable fit. Stylish looking, eye catching shoe.Exception value for the price. Would definitely buy this PUMA R98 shoe again.
B008AWYIXU Best Deal Ever! Exactly what I imagine when buying the shoe. Feel and looks great! Got a few complements from fellow shoe lovers!
B008AXTOQ0 Does what you would expect a shoe to do It is a shoe that does shoe things as expected. It goes on your feet and keeps you from stepping on painful or gross things. Pretty sweet.
B008AXTOQ0 Great every day shoe I don't recommend buying shoes for running from an online store. You really should get a fitting from a pro - avoid injury. However, I've worn Pumas for years as my everyday walk-around shoe so I know the size that fits me. The biggest attraction for this style is the sock liner, meaning there isn't a separate, moving tongue. I leave the shoes laced and just slip on and off. Great for wearing to the airport through security. Very comfortable.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe! fit well, very supportive and comfortable! only had them for about a week so I'm still breaking them in but so far so good!
B008AXTOQ0 Great running shoe Great fit and comfortable, I do wish the back of the show was a little higher but overall I am very satisfied with the shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable shoe This shoe fits as expected and is a comfortable shoe.  Great running shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Shoe It fits perfectly, I already have good comments about the look of the shoe, there are confortable, I have been walking around to shop for the christmas and I have'nt have any problem or pain.
B008AXTOQ0 good I will give the shoe a 4 because of the colors. Well on the feeling it will get 3 stars from me.
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Fit Perfect for cross training and it's comfortable.... Fits like a glove!I would recommend this shoe to everyone into working out!
B008AXTOQ0 The boyfriend likes it I bought this shoe for my boyfriend and while he's quite pleased with it, the orange is brighter than I expected. I thought it would've been more of a burnt orange but it's much brighter than that. Also, the top of the shoe makes his foot look fat. I guess these are trivial things. I just expected the fit to be sleeker than it is. Otherwise, it's a great shoe and I haven't heard him complain.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe and fits to size even after reading reviews i still bought my usual size. length wise it fits perfect. as stated in other reviews it is snugger on the sides, but i personally prefer that. plus should loosen up with wear. light weight and a cool looking shoe. i have not run in them yet but will tomorrow. once i do i will edit review.
B008AXTOQ0 Great fitting shoe!! This is a great shoe.  There is no traditional tongue to tug on and make sure you have a good fit.  I was really surprised how comfortable these shoes were compared to my Nike Shox.  I almost prefer to wear these over the Nike's.  Colors are fun and vibrant.  Perfect for running or wearing for everyday.
B008AXTOQ0 sweet looking shoe fits nice but I do get a blister on my left heel which is kind of odd but great shoe feels great and looks great love puma
B008AXTOQ0 Superior to Nike and New Balance This shoe is extremely comfortable and very good looking. I really like the no tongue technology. It gives the shoe a more comfortable fit and you never have the problem of the tongue sliding to the side after sudden stops or directional changes. I benefited from other reviews that stated the shoe runs a 1/2 size smaller than your actual shoe size. I ordered the 1/2 size larger and the shoe fits perfect.
B008AXTOQ0 heavy I wear a 13 in just about every brand tennis shoe out there. These fit more like a 14. Sold as a running shoe, way to heavy to run in.
B008AXTOQ0 Poor fit I can only give these shoes 2 stars, because of the shoe's heel area. It it rises much too low for my foot. When I took a step, the back of the the shoe slid up and down on the back of my foot. I immediately returned them.Other than the bad fit, the shoe seemed well constructed, and the colors were true to their website images.
B008AXTOQ0 Good Quality Shoe Run a bit small but a good shoe none the less. I would recommend this shoe to my friends and family.
B008AXTOQ0 Overall good shoe, low on ankle I bought this shoe for the price, not the color.  It is a really Smurfy blue, and I could not wear these credibly for anything but exercise.  That said, they fit like previous Pumas I've had.  They ride a bit low on the ankle, so when you push off you can feel the back of your foot/lower ankle rise OUT of them.  This is disconcerting when you're used to a more fitted shoe like New Balance.  But they run well.  They're also not as cushioned as New Balance runners tend to be, but I don't mind a little road feel.  I think my foot rests well on the sole (some shoes tend to curve upward toward the toe, but not these).
B008AXTOQ0 Great Running Shoe From the time that I placed the shoe on my foot it was the perfect fit and the most comfortable shoe that I have worned.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe but not enough heel padding It's a shoe and it's comfortable. The nose of the shoe is a hard plastic which makes it durable. Comfy shoe but sometimes after prolonged time, my heels go numb, only pair of my shoes that do this.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe! If you aren't sure about white shoes, then you should probably look for an alternative color. I am a clean freak, so I am constantly making sure that I do not step into a mud puddle or drop something on them. The shoes are sparkling white when you receive them, but as all white shoes, they will get dirty easily. Other than that, the shoe fits like a glove and is very snug. Almost a little tight, but as you wear them more, the fit becomes more accustomed to your foot. I would highly recommend this shoe, but would suggest all the neat freaks out there to consider another color besides white.
B008AXTOQ0 love the shoe!! The style and size were exactly what I wanted it.  Feels very comfortable throughout my work-out.  Glad I made the right choice.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe.... My son complains that it rubs his foot, doesn't fit as well as other pumas we have bought.  Have been happier with other shoes, but is ok, just not great!
B008AXTOQ0 it fit! It is a beautiful and comfortable shoe.I bought a size 10 for my bf and it fit perfectly! Good buy!
B008AXTOQ0 very hard to put on The shoe has an odd elastic inner lining that was extremely difficult to slip on, The shoe looked fine otherwise
B008AXTOQ0 Really like the shoe I really like PUMA and this shoe, however the size is a bit snug.  I have other PUMAs of the same size but this one is just a little bit tight.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe This shoe has no tongue which moves which is unique. The stretch piece connected to the shoe instead of a tongue is nice and makes them easy to slip on
B008AXTOQ0 A gift for my grandson! I didn't like the way this shoe wore out so quickly!  My grandson is rough on shoes, loves to run and play rough.  within a couple weeks his toe was peeking out of the front of this shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe My husband love's this shoe! He has had it before and wont wear anything else! It fits absolutely perfect! Great shoe
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable!! Great shoe I'm starting to become a fan of Puma's as of late, These are extremely comfortable and I like the tongue of the shoe as it's sewn in solid not loose, easy on your feet and look good too.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe I love Puma shoes. the price is riight and the quality is as it has been for many years..GREAT!!!Just remember to but one size up (Puma runs small) and you will be satisfied with the purchase of this shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Casual Shoe This is a great shoe that isn't a true running shoe. It's a great shoe and my second pair! Highly suggest you consider this pair.
B008AXTOQ0 No good The inside of the left shoe was higher than the right. The right shoe was comfy but the left was not aligned right. I will look mizunos for my running shoes
B008AXW9PI Great track shoe! My son is running track and he is very pleased with these shoes. They fit great,are light weight and he likes the way they look. Just the shoe to win the 110 meter hurdle race in!!
B008AXWA8O Good looking shoe. Shoes look good, pretty comfortable, but sometimes when I walk the shoe makes this clicking noise, kinda' like if the shoe were popped. It's not popped though.
B008AXWA8O The Honey Comb shoe haha So awesome + comfortable very happy. Haven't seen no one else wearing this shoe..... Unique light and it really fits way good
B008AXY38Y Great Shoe Id suggest a size larger, but I love the support. Comfortable after a few days of walking, great shoe all around.
B008AXY38Y Shoe fit Great fit excellent and the shoe is comfortable that is what I want from a shoe great job puma wonderful
B008AXY38Y Son's sneakers My youngest has been shopping online for sneakers as our local shoe stores do not as a rule stock his size. He found the Puma's and the rest is history. The delivery was quick, fit is perfect, and the price was excellent! No more looking for hours at all shoe store for his size, will purchase again in future. Highly recommend for people with kids with big feet!
B008AXY38Y Great shoe Great shoe.
B008AXY38Y Love this shoe! This is a great puma shoe. It is not too narrow, like most other puma shoes, and it is really bright white, unlike the running version which is sort of white and yellow tinted. Comfortable for walking and everyday wear, but nice looking with jeans. This will be my second pair of this shoe.
B008AXY38Y Great Shoe!!!!! As I read other people's reviews,  I purchased this shoes 1/2 to a whole size larger. I usually wear 10.5 to 11 shoes size.  The 11.5 work out great.Besides the shoe sizing issue, this is a very comfortable shoe and looks great!!
B008AXY38Y My favorite pair of Puma's so far I've owned my fair share of Puma's in this similar style &#8212; probably a total of about 7-8 pairs in various colorways mainly in the Voltaic style.  I must say though that this is probably my favorite to date and I think it really has to do with the all-leather construction rather than the mesh style of the Voltaic.  The mesh on the Voltaic gets dirty quickly and is difficult to clean.  Keeping these clean and sharp looking so far has been easy with a little magic eraser or even just a wet rag.  If you're familiar with the Puma Voltaic or Cell styles - the fit/wear is very similar.  Obviously there is a lot of personal preference but I think they are a very comfortable casual shoe.  Being a part-time runner, I definitely wouldn't consider this a good running shoe however just due to the lack of cushion on the sole and the overall weight of the shoe.  If you're looking for a good running shoe, I would look elsewhere.  But if you want a comfortable shoe to wear with jeans or shorts, this fits the bill!
B008AXY38Y Nice Shoe...Nice Fit...Too sad one shoe makes an annoying noise I was excited to own these Puma's. A shoe I had always wanted to try. They look great and I was ready to enjoy wearing them but just my luck, I get the pair that has the one shoe that makes a very annoying noise as I walk or run. I hope somehow it will "break in" and stop.Other then that...What an awesome looking shoe, with a very comfortable fit.
B008AXY38Y Light and clean A lot thinner leather is used in this shoe.  good on one hand that shoe is light.  Will have to see how it hold up.  Being thin, the material fits close to foot so agility feels good.  An every day shoe.  Not usre if it would hold up to running.  Looks good also.
B008AXY38Y Great shoe I've only had this for about a week but so far it's a great shoe.  Fits comfortably and no problems thus far.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoe Got these for my husband so he could do his cardio, strength, and HiiT stuff and also just to support him walking around living everyday life. So far he likes them a lot and says they are very comfortable to him. They seem to offer all around support and give him good bounce or rebound when he needs it which is great when your jumping rope or just moving around in general. Overall they seem to be a great shoe.
B008AXY38Y defect in right shoe Shoe has defect in the  right  foot.  both pare that I ordered had defect on  big toe of right shoe
B008AZD5ZE Fit and Finish are Great I really like this shoe and Amazon delivered the correct shoe in the correct box. Wow, What a country!!! (That isn't always the case. See my comments on my adventures with ordering PUMA Men's Tazon 5 Cross-Training Shoe,White/Black/Ribbon Red,11 D US).
B008AZD5ZE Great workout Shoe! Bought this shoe to mix up my gym collection and it is great! The outsole is very soft and may not do great for long distance running outside. Comfortable shoe for the 1 hour period you are working out. Very light and it has a great design. I usually wear a 13 in nike and a 13 in Puma is perfect for length/width
B008AZG59W Nice Shoe Product fit as described. Good shoe, Lots of compliments at the hospital. Overall amazon has been a disappointment lately though.
B008AZG59W Buy this shoe This shoe is very comfortable. Gym day is great. Size fits like it should no up or down size needed
B008AZG59W Good Shoe at a reasonal price. At 70 years old I look for comfort first and this shoe fits the bill.  Not only does it fit but its easy to put on.
B008AZG59W Great shoe Fit well and great workout shoe for the price.  I use them as my gym shoe and have no complaints.
B008AZG59W Great shoe Bought these shoes for my husband as a Christmas gift.  He needed a good workout shoe.  They arrived on time in a nice package and he said they are super comfortable and loves the look of them.
B008AZG59W Awesome shoe ! Very comfortable shoe light weight and flashy l get alot of complements on them! And the sizing was right on the money!
B008AZLCBI AMAZING!!!! The shoe fits awesome and feel like I don't have anything on my feet when I run. Also the price was amazing!
B008AZLCBI its smaller than what i expected Its a lightweight shoe but if i wear it for long my feet hurt. Overall a good shoe, just make sure you order 0.5 to 1 size more than what you usually wear.
B008AZLCBI Nice shoe - with some caveats First, this is a running shoe so it's very narrow and snug.  Order wide sizes if you have any question about width.  That being said, it's a great shoe - very lightweight and very comfortable to wear.  It's got lots of padding and the soft-foam rubber soles give lots and lots of cushion.  I'm not a runner per se, but have used these shoes to stand for several hours at a time at football games, etc. and it keeps my feet from getting tired and sore.The one thing I don't like is that they get dirty really easily/quickly, and are difficult to clean.  Even a run through the washer didn't remove the grime from some of the deeply-recessed fabric part of the shoe.
B008B0MGQ2 Great shoe Great shoe, comfortable great appearance. I bought it because i had the Tazon 2 and I really liked i was looking for something equal and found this shoe. Great shoe. Recommended 150%
B008B0MGQ2 Awesome shoe I love Puma's style and this shoe did not disappoint me. At first it was a little tight for the fitting, but within a day it loosened up just enough.Highly recommend.Oh, the folks who sent it to me, got it to me quickly, well wrapped and it perfect condition, so a huge thank you to them!!
B008B0MGQ2 very good shoe Very good shoe I have several pair of them will buy some more great shoe for walking and what ever you do
B008B0MGQ2 greg shoe's fit good and they are a good looking shoe.. wish i had more of them so i can have a pair for everyday..
B008B0MGQ2 Best shoe to buy I have nothing negative to say.  Shoe fits great and very comfortable, best shoe I've purchased in a long time.
B008EYO4TW Great shoe if you're on your feet all day! I'm on my feet all day....and I don't want an ugly tennis shoe.  These are perfect - a little sporty but not terribly casual.  Very comfy.  Hue Cool Contour liners fit perfectly without showing or getting pulled down by the shoe.  Love!!  The fit is very slightly small....I am usually a 7.5 or 8, and 8 are perfect in these.
B008EYO4TW Great walking shoe Highly recommend.  True to size.  I use these as a commuting shoe and also intent to use them for travel.  Very comfortable insole, and I love the rubber sole, which makes them very comfortable for walking and standing.  The back of the heel has a very comfortable little extra cushion, so there is no rubbing.  I got black for versatility and have worn them several times.
B008EYP1K8 Nice shoe, very pink The shoe is very comfortable but the patent has a distinct pink tint that doesn't show up in the picture.
B008EYP1K8 Good shoe Love this shoe for work because the sole is so easy to walk on.  I'm on my feet all day so need shoes that can last - this is this pair. Only problem with these are that they are not really suitable for summer, my feet get too hot in them.  Spring and Autumn though are perfect.
B008EYP1K8 So comfortable. Like walking on a cloud.  A shoe that is stylish and comfortable.  Great for traveling.  I wear a 6 1/2 and it fits perfectly.
B008EYP1K8 Hurt bunions at first! The shoe is a 7 but fits tight on my toes. I used shoe stretchers on the front of the shoes. I had to use band aids on my bunions for a while but now they are stretched out & fit fine. The inside sole gets dirty since it's lime green. Shoe is a nice patent leather & the color is very nice neutral beige. Pretty comfortable, no arch support but better support than ballet slipper type shoes.  Looks super cute with cropped pants & long skirts.
B008F068WQ Good Shoe Not really that impressed.  I find this shoe lacking in the cushioning department.  I prefer a more cushioned footbed, but they're very fashionable.  i wear them with my capri leggings and they look good.  i just don't use them for running.  i did put a different insole in them, but that didnt' help much with the cushioning so i wear them for other things.
B008F06A5Q GREAT COLORS not as comfy a fitas I was hoping for The weight of this shoe is most comfortable. I was hoping for a bit more wiggle room in the toe of the shoe. I am pleased with the shoe laces.. they staytied and don't constantly come loose as with some of my walking/running shoes.
B008F06A5Q Great shoe so far. I bought this so I can start working out at the gym and jogging. It does fit as I expected. I did realize that the shoe seems to shift on my foot slightly which makes it awkward and gave me a slight blister on my heel. It was shipped very quickly. I may want to actually try on another shoe like this before I buy it again to see if I am really happy with it or not. This was the first time I have ever bought a running shoe and the first time I have spent this much money on shoes! I don't know if I would like to pay that much money again. All in all I am pretty happy though and they are very cute!
B008F06A5Q Excellent Shoe. Excellent article.It was what I expected.Excellent Shoe and good service delivery.I am satisfied with the package.I recommend them.My wife loves it.
B008F06A5Q Best running shoe every purchase I have worn a fracture boot for the last month and needed a transition shoe before getting back to my casual wear. Wore theses shoes for 8 hrs straight with no issues.
B008F06A5Q Awesome shoe! Love the look and feel. So light weight. Using it for Zumba! Only wish it came with a second set of shoe laces, maybe in the green. But that's easily remedied.
B008F06C7C Great shoe They are very comfortable. I use them for Zumba. They are lightweight  and it is easy to move around in them.
B008F06C7C Not bad... I was looking for a low tread shoe to wear to instruct Zumba classes. I loved the colors and it had the pivot ball so I picked these.The fit is perfect. I order my regular shoe size and have no issues there. They do look a little like soccer cleats in person which is a little odd but they seem alright otherwise for what I needed them for.
B008F06C7C Perfect Shoe True to size and perfect fit!  Broke them in during one Zumba class!!  I like the colors offered for this shoe.
B008F06C7C Runs Small My feet are on the narrow side so the width of the shoe is fine.  The length runs slightly small but is tolerable.  I purchased the shoe for Zumba classes - after just a couple of classes the tongue slides and is uncomfortable.  I have to stop to reposition the tongue and retie the shoe.
B008F06C7C Ok shoes I liked this shoe I think mostly for the color and shape. While the shoe is true to fit (I wear a 7.5 USA and got a 7.5 USA), but the back of the shoe rubs against the back of my ankle, which makes it quite uncomfortable. I'm sure a longer pair of socks would help, but I like ankle socks. I will continue to wear the shoe. Hopefully they will adjust to my foot and the rubbing against the back of my ankle will dwindle down.
B008F06KB0 great shoe Just as advertised great shoe perfect fit am very happy would recommend to buy color style are  just as describe
B008F0O0S0 Shoe fit great! I was really impressed with how comfortable the left shoe was out of the box!Unfortunately, the right shoe, while labeled on the stitched-tag as a 13, was in actuality an 11 or 12, and my foot couldn't fit in it. :(  So I had to return them and they didn't have any more, and when they GOT more, it was no longer available for prime, and the price had increased.So I don't actually own these shoes anymore.But man, at the price I spent with prime at the time, it was a great deal for an awesome shoe!  Just got a rare factory defect mislabeling on the right one. :-/
B008F17R2K Great Shoe Was very surprised when I tried on this shoe. Normally it's hard for me to find a shoe that doesn't need a lot of wearing in. This was comfortable from the get-go. The shoes look awesome and are extremely comfy. My own issue is that I will have to be careful where I walk so that no mud or rocks get stuck in the 'cage' towards the back of the heel. But that's mainly on me, and not so much Puma.
B008F17R2K The back of this shoe is very rough I bought this shoe and this is definitely not one of the shoes I can use all day. The back of the shoe is very rough and I had my skin peeled out after it rubbed against the shoe. I have stopped using it after the initial 2-3 days. One of my worst investments ever.
B008F17R2K Great shoe The 10.5 is a little snug for my liking, should have gotten 11. Other than that, it's a great shoe
B008F17R2K Good shoes but materials seem a little cheap given the competition My wife works for Nike so I have my fair share of running shoes but I was looking for something a little different and bought these without seeing them in person. The shoe fits quite well and is very stable so I am happy with them overall. The only thing I don't really care for is the build materials. I can only describe it as a ever so slight rigid plastic upper which results in an odd, not necessarily uncomfortable, bend in the front of the shoe when you launch off the ground. It's the only thing I'm not a fan of with this shoe.
B008F17R2K Just what I expected from Puma - a good looking, nice fitting, comfortable shoe!! I originally ordered an 8.5 in this shoe.  It was a little small, so I contacted Amazon customer service & exchanged it for  size 9.  Of course Amazon customer service was awesome to work with.  They sent me the exchange shoes before I had a chance to send the original ones back to them!  I don't  think this shoe is sized small -It's consistent with the sizing of all Puma shoes.  I wear 8.5 in some brands, and size 9 in other brands and remembered after I received the original order all my Puma's are size 9.  I haven't had the shoes very long and have only worn them a few times.  So far I am perfectly satisfied with them.  I received compliments on them from many people - they are a nice looking pair of shoes!  My grown son who is a shoe fanatic loved them - the look & the quality, and decided to order a pair for himself.  They are SO comfortable -  feel great on my feet!! I recently had foot surgery, so I'm thrilled about the awesome fit and comfort of this shoe.  I would recommend to anyone who likes a nice looking, comfortable pair of shoes.
B008F17R2K Pretty good exercise shoe Being a military guy, I purchased the red, white and blue shoe for crosstraining.  The colors are really bright and got alot of attention.  Besides the looks, I didn't expect the shoe to be so comfortable.  I can feel it expand and hug my feet during high impact.  After an hour or so of weightlifting and running 5 times a week in a month, the shoe is still holding up and feeling great.  The material itself seems a little crappy but looks are deceiving.  I would highly recommend them to my shipmates.
B008F17R2K If the shoe fits.... This is a great shoe - visually very stunning with great flowing lines and functionally very comfortable. So far, I have used this shoe for running, biking to work, playing tennis and it seems to be a great all purpose shoe. In fact, I was surprised how well this shoe worked on the tennis court. It certainly has a lot of support and enough flexibility. Highly recommended.
B008F17R2K Puma Shoe It was a grey shoe upon arrival, and I'd hoped it was white with yellow.  But for a steal at $30, these are BY FAR the most comfortable shoe I've purchased in the last 10 years.  In fact, I like them so much I'm going to get a couple extra pair to have on hand when I need a replacement!  They're that comfortable!
B008F17R2K Puma BioWeb Running Shoe Fit was good.  I wear a size 10.  I use it as a jogging shoe. The heel being higher than the sole took some time to get use to.  The uppers are not mesh.  They are all plastic.  It seems the shoe doesn't breathe, like say a Nike would, which makes it a very warm shoe.  I bought them on sale for $54 and I consider that a bargain.
B008F17R2K Nice casual footwear This shoe is fashionable and lightweight, just what I was looking for. Purchased for my boyfriend who is not a runner. Gave four stars because he would have liked more of an arch support inside. Great price on Gold Box Deal.
B008F17R2K Satisfaction The puma bioweb shoe is comfortable, sleek and fly. I live in upper Marlboro and I'm the only person with the shoe, but not for long cause SO MANY people have inquired about this shoe and they my be my first pair of puma shoes they won't be my last!!!!!!
B008F17R2K Awesome Shoe for Awesome Price I purchased these shoes during a gold box deal.  I did not expect much but was pleasantly surprised when the shoe construction and appearance were spot on.  The shoe does run a little small, but over time they have stretched a little to make room.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone.
B008F17R2K Most comfortable shoe Ive ever worn This is the lightest and most comfortable shoe I own.  I wore them to the gym today and it was like walking on gel.  I literally had to look down to make sure I was wearing shoes, that's how light they are.
B008F17R2K Good shoe, I enjoy it And I walk with it daily. very happy with this. I think the price was great as well.light and comfy
B008F17R2K Puma Shoe The shoe looks and fits perfect. A nice little red bag came with it and I notice the shoes was made in Indonesia. I don't know if there is a puma factory in Indonesia. It seems to be a good workout shoe.
B008F17R2K Nice Shoe Shoe was a little small for an 8. However no problems were encountered due to fit. Good shoe to wear when knocking around.
B008F17R2K Not what I was looking for No did not like the color off the shoe and it was big for me not for me it looks women's shoe .
B008F17R2K Problem shoe This is a borderline shoe: The fit was fine (on the other hand, I did try it on at a major shoe store before purchasing the shoe as a daily deal from Amazon), but I would NOT recommend for purchase. Two major issues:1. There is NO padding in the tongue of this shoe: the tongue is no thicker than two pieces of nylon stitched together. This causes some discomfort and skin irritation at the end of the day, as there is little padding between the tied laces and the foot.2. The so-called BioWeb, the plastic lattice in the sole and the heel, broke in a few places rather quickly (I do not run in these shoes, only walk). This makes for annoying snaps and pops as I walk.I cannot recommend these shoes. I almost returned them to Amazon, but decided to keep, perhaps against my better judgment.
B008F17R2K Great Shoe Bloweb is one of Pumas best looking shoe. It fits perfect and is doesn't feel like your carrying around rocks on your feet 4 stars.
B008F17R2K Great Cross-Training Shoe The shoe looks great, and fits as expected. It has awesome support. This is a good cross training shoe. Great for leg day at the gym. I love this PUMA. Own 7 pair in different colors.
B008F17R2K Good for the money I bought this during an Amazon lightening sale and am extremely happy with the shoe for the money.  Its a lightweight shoe so I don't expect the durability of some others.  The shoe fits true to size and is very comforfortable.
B008F17R2K Very comfortable shoe 5 stars awarded for look and comfort. I've only gone on one 5k run but I definitely feel the support offered by these pumas. My feet felt great from beginning to end and the shoe is lightweight which made the feel even better. No need to break these shoes in because they are road ready right out of the box. Ran true to size.
B008F17R2K The shoe fit great but within probably 4-6 weeks the webbing and shortly ... The shoe fit great but within probably 4-6 weeks the webbing and shortly after, the netting on the sides of both shoes ripped out. They were very comfortable and nice looking but the lack of durability made us regret buying them.
B008F17R2K Great shoe If you want a soft impact on you feet then this is a good athletic shoe to have for activities.
B008F17R2K Factory mistake Got my BioWebs (blue and light green) but there was a printing mistake on the shoe and some of the light green was left off. Leaving only the light blue in places. Only one of the shoes has the mistake, so it looks a little out of place. While it's not like the whole shoe was wrong, I'm picky and it takes this from a four to a three star. Functionally, the shoe is comfortable and great to run in.
B008F17R2K Divine!!! This a great shoe, it fits a bit close but its pretty sturdy and comfortable with little fatigue, i would recommend one, and the color is amazing.
B008F17R2K Nice lightweight shoe This is an extremely comfortable shoe; fits well and as expected. I would expect that it will last a good while, as the materials appear to be durable and well-constructed.
B008F17R2K Great shoe, ignore the ignorant reviews I can't believe 90% of the criticism on this shoe is that it's .5 size smaller. WOW big deal. Every manufacturer's size is different.Shoe is definitely comfortable and looks nice compared to other bulky/ugly running shoes.Some other people said the quality is bad so we'll have to see how it holds up.
B008F17R2K Nice performance shoe, very springy This shoe was advertised as a cross training shoe, but then at purchase it is stated as a running shoe.  whatever the heck it is, it is more like a running shoe.  Saying that, it is a very nice running shoe.  Although one eyelet has already broken on me:(
B008F17R2K Great shoe design,and comfortable for the price. Great shoe design,and comfortable for the price. True to size, ideal for running, and cushion helps feet not hurt. Good looking Puma sneaker.
B008F17R2K Not as expected. The shoe is very uncomfortable the back of the shoe rides up on my Achilles & is very annoying and hurts as well.  I will never buy this brand again.
B008F17R2K Go Puma It's a quality shoe, fits true to size, & comfortable to do activities in. Glad I made this purchase yup!
B008F17R2K Great crossfit trainer or Gym shoe Was never a big Puma footwear fan however I fell in love with the Veris several years ago and since then purchased a Velosis, Faas 500, 550, 900 and recently the Bioweb.Puma's Bioweb Elite has plenty of forefoot cushioning making it great for squats and overall gym work. I would not recommend this shoe for long runs or anything over 2km if you're a heel striker as I believe there are other more comfortable running shoes available.The shoe's stability will assist over-pronators and they all come in a great range of colours.
B008F17R2K fabulous shoe I was fortunate enough to be able to purchase this shoe on a one day sale for under $60 bucks. They look great, feel great on my feet and are worth the money.  I walk about 3.2 miles a day and these shoes are performing beyond my expectations. enjoy!
B008F17R2K nice shoe its a good shoe but the color is more grey than black the picture is very misleading but still worth the price
B008F17R2K great shoe great fit, comfortable with a very still sole. Perfect fit too. I used to run on the minimalist shoes but with arthritis I had to stop. This shoe eliminates the pain.
B008F17R2K Good Shoe For The Price Well The Shoe A Little Tight At First But All New Shoes Are But All I Can Say Is Its Worth The Price.
B008F17R2K Not comfortable Shoe is very small and not very comfortable. I normally wear Nike. This shoe is very thin and does not have great padding.
B008F17R2K Most Comfortable Running Shoe This shoe is well worth the price. The most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. Shoe seems to be durable and supported my feet during a long run.
B008F17R2K Excellent shoe Very good shoe whether you are working out or just wearing them with jeans.  They are comfortable and good looking!
B008L74P0A A great feeling shoe The shoe is comfortable nice looking and I have had compliments from friends also, I would recommend this to a friend
B008QX8VWM Great Shoe I love this shoe.  Looks fantastic and fits very well.  Can't wait for the weather to break to get out on the course!
B008QX8VWM Great shoe Great comfortable shoe, available in many fun colors. Puma also has a great spike system, you foot stays in place.
B008QX8VWM Worst Shoe Ever Too narrow and the most uncomfortable shoe I ever wore on a golf course!! Ricky Fowler must be getting a lot of money to wear these shoes. Went back to Nikes
B008QX8VWM Great shoe good golf shoe very comfortable good performance great look I would order another pair Puma shoes of the best .
B008QX8VWM Solid Shoe It is a very solid shoe with great stability and does not sacrifice comfort.  The good and bad: It has some great waterproofing properties, but the material squeeks for a bit until you can break them in.  Other than that, I am loving them so far.
B008QX8VWM Great shoe Not like normal pumas that run small, these are regular size. The shoe itself is amazing in feel and mostly all water proof. Simply love them!
B008QXBTF8 An Ok Shoe! In a nike golf shoe im a 10.5 this shoe is made big had to get a 9.5 for my feet to not slidearound. Overall i would rate this shoe 7 out of 10 the shoe is a good looking shoejust wish the comfort was there as much as it looks...
B008QY0KMK Great Shoe Great price for a great shoe. I purchased this shoe for $60 which was less than half the price I saw anywhere else. As usual, I received the shoe on time as promised. This is a very comfortable shoe and wears well on the course. Very good traction and provides excellent balance. Highly recommend you purchase before they're all gone at this amazing price. I truly love buying through Amazon!!!
B008QY0MWS Good Shoe! Great Golf shoe for the beginner and well they fit comfortable too! Overall I recommend these! Also a fan of Clyde!
B008QY0MWS Great looking shoe Great looking shoe and it fits well. I use a size 13 shoe and this fits perfect. I like a good amount of space in the front of my shoe in order to allow my foot to expand after a few hours of walking and this shoe is great.It is a little stiff at first and a little bit of maintenance to keep them clean but a great looking shoe. I would buy again.
B008QY0MWS excellent shoe, seems slightly small I enjoy the golf shoes, I have worn them on several outing and they are very comfortable and supportive. They do seem like they are a 1/2 size small but I would definitely order a 2nd pair. Very good price, nice looking shoe and comfortable for casual wear. What else could you ask for??? I don't believe they are waterproof, however, I didn't research them enough to know.
B008QY0MWS Great Golf Shoe Attractive shoe and fits perfectly per size ordered.  Great shoe for the price!  Buying a second pair as a spare.
B008QY0MWS Cool spikeless golf shoe Very comfortable shoe, spikeless design allows for foot movement for us hackers!  Nice looking too.  People think they're regular sneakers until I show them the bottoms, then they ask where I got them from because they want them too!
B008QY0MWS great golf shoe Fits true to size,  very comfortable and great looking. Has a solid grip,  even on a damp course.  It's the best golf shoe anywhere near this price range.
B008QY0MWS This shoe is fits properly as a size 11 but is narrow for medium width. This shoe is fits properly as a size 11 but is too narrow for medium width.  As a golf shoe, it works well.  The shoe has good cushion and grips well.  Maybe the shoe can be stretched with a device, because it has not stretched after wearing half dozen times playing golf.  If you consider this shoe, order a larger width than normal.
B008QY0MWS Good Shoe Not a Footjoy, but a stylish and quality shoe. Fits a little tight, but I'm certain they will stretch with wear. The spikes appear to lack the grip of Footjoy shoes; however, I haven't worn them on the course yet. I'm hopeful.
B008QY0MWS I like the shoe but it is sized wrong I like the shoe but it is sized wrong, did not come with a return label I do not know how to or who to return them.
B008QY0MWS Beautiful shoe Beautiful shoe! Fits tight at first but loosens up because of material. I would buy this shoe again no doubt.
B008QY0MWS Puma PG Clyde golf shoe As a long time golfer I've used many different brands of shoe.The full gamut, spiked to spikeless.Very expensive to cheap.And finally these win out for comfort,grip on the turf,ease of putting them on,and whatever else you can think of with a shoe.I do have a slightly wider than normal foot and was a little leery of purchasing the regular size 12.On the first fit it was perfect.I did read the other reviews prior to purchase,some good,some not so good. I hope they continue this line for I will gladly purchase them again.
B008QY0MWS Nice Shoe It was a good fitting shoe and the price was great.  Glad I bought it.  One of my golf partners even commented on how good the style looked.
B008QY0MWS Puma Clyde golf shoe Purchased 1/2 size larger than street shoe; fits well.  Very comfortable after a limited break-in just wearing them around the house and yard.  Stable, provides enough grip and yet works well on regular flooring,
B008QY0TJO great shoe Great shoe I've played 2 rounds of golf already in them and my feet have stayed dry and don't hurt
B008QY1N9O Great Shoe!! Tried a similar pair on in the store to get correct sizing before purchase. Price online was significantly better than the same shoe in stores. Very pleased.
B008QY1N9O Not Bad, worth the money. Great Deal I typically wear a 12, they were a bit longer than expected. Good looking shoe, but wish I would have ordered 11.5 instead of a 12.
B008QY1N9O Good looking, comfortable shoe Fit is true to size.  Very comfortable. Have not played a round yet, held great during a recent range session.
B008QY1N9O Good shoe I read a review that these run a *little* long, so since I fluctuate between a 10.5 and 11 I went for the 10.5 and they fit perfect. Super comfortable shoe that I've used at the range a few times. Excited to take it out on the course because it's so nice. Highly recommend this shoe!
B008QY1N9O It's worth it. Good price for quality shoe. Comfortable. Nice color, stands out.  Other golfers think I paid a lot of money for shoe
B008QY1N9O Awesome so far I'm a crappy golfer so I can't attest how this show compares to those that are 'super serious.' All I know is I had a pair of foot joys that needed to be replaced and I wanted a cool looking shoe so gave this one a try. Worn it now through about six full rounds of golf and it's been excellent.I was most concerned about ordering it online since my shoe size is right on the border between a 10.5 and and and 11. I went with the 10.5 and it first perfectly, so hopefully that can help others. (my foot typically seems to be on the wide side yet no issues there in the width either... I just purchased the standard width and it's fine.)Shoe looks great, fits well, and is comfortable plus it seems well made. Happy with the purchase.
B008QY1N9O Great shoe! I recently bought these Puma's so I can't say I know a whole lot about them yet. The stability is very good and the fit was right on. They are certainly a good looking shoe. I didn't have any foot fatigue or cramping late in the round like I was getting from my old shoes so that's a huge plus.
B008QY1X0S Great shoe Puma is always a great shoe! My husband loves them! They fit just like his tennis shoes. Golf is his favorite thing to do and he should feel comfortable and does!
B008QY1X0S Nice shoe for wide feet Good fitting and sharp looking shoe for the money.  It's difficult to find shoes that look decent and can accommodate a moderately wide foot but these do just that.
B008QY1X0S Puma golf shoe This shoe is very comfortable. Soft and breathable. I feel like I can walk 36 holes with it comfortably. I love it, especially at the price.
B008QY1X0S Enjoy Puma golf shoe looks Good looking golf shoe. It seems to be cut full. They are a little larger than other size 9.
B008QY1X0S Great Shoes The shoe was a little big.  I'm normally a size 8 but had to go 7.5.  Overall, it looks good and felt comfortable, even though I didn't get a chance to test it out on the course.
B008QY1X0S Most comfortable shoe I own Indeed, this shoe may be the most comfortable shoe I have EVER owned. From the moment I put them on to the end of their first round of golf I played in them, I enjoyed having them on my feet. They provide a tremendous amount of traction and are very light. I'm optimistic they will hold up for many rounds, but their comfort & weight make me wonder how they could accomplish it all.
B008QY1X0S Great shoe These are the most comfortable shoe or golf shoe I own. Make a big differents  Would buy again just to ware off the corse
B008QY1X0S Very satisfied! Looking forward to taking them out on the course! This is a great looking golf shoe! Its very comfortable and lightweight!
B008QY1X0S golf shoe Great shoe.  Husband has played golf for years these shoes were the most comfortable he has ever worn including foot joy
B008QY1X0S Unusual Sizing Shoe did not feel right when I put it on. Not a good thing with a golf shoe in my mind. My toes felt pinched especially on the right foot so I knew this size would not work for me. Am ordering a larger size and keeping my fingers crossed because otherwise, I liked the shoe
B008QY1X0S Perfect shoe! This shoe has exceeded my expectations.  It is an affordable, quality option for the casual golfer.  Definitely recommend and would buy again!
B008QY3N5Q Puma Golf First time wearing Puma and was pleasantly surprised! The shoe is light, very comfortable, and definitely a great shoe for the price.
B008QY3N5Q Nice Shoe I'm a beginner golfer, however I know that I have decent traction with this shoe. Plus the young lady at the pro golf shop digs em....!!  (chicks dig it!!)
B008QY3N5Q sorely needed golf shoe I wore these shoes right out of the box onto 18 holes of golf, and did not have any discomfort.  Great shoe for the price.
B008R9Y0V6 Cute but has one flaw At first I thought a sneaker with a heel was completely ridiculous and stupid, as an athlete I see sneakers purely as serious work shoes to train in. These were surprisingly cute on, they look better than I expected and the quality of the leather is very nice. I bought them to try on only because there was a twenty percent off coupon and free shipping and returns, so if they didn't work out it wouldn't cost me anything. I got the gray violet because I didn't like the sharp contrast of the navy or orange with white, and the all white was too stark, like nurse's shoes. This color combination is perfect, it's very subtle. The wedge is a bit clunky and heavy since I never wear heels, I live in regular athletic shoes so these feel a bit odd to me. The main problem is that the shoe is designed with a smooth leather insole. Combined with the sharp angle of the wedge, every step sends your foot sliding forward and your toes slamming into the front of the shoe. I tried to fix this by tying the laces as tightly as possible, which helped, but I will need to put in a non-slip insole if I am going to keep them. I am still undecided because of this problem, I have to get some insoles and see how much it helps as no shoe is worth compromising the health of your feet. Also this shoe is definitely true to size, you can't size down. I know some people recommended sizing down but if you know your true size as I do, as measured on one of those foot measuring devices they have in athletic shoe stores, the length is definitely true to size. Had I sized down even a half size, they would have been unwearable even with no socks because my toes would have been touching the front of the toe box. I usually hate anything that looks even remotely girly but these somehow appeal to me, despite being way more feminine than any other shoe I own. I really like the fact that the wedge is hidden so it's not too obvious that you're wearing a heel, I kind of feel like an idiot in heeled sneakers. My husband and the guys at my gym absolutely hate wedges and platforms, they call them "ridiculous looking shoes" that make women walk like they're about to have a seizure. That's guys for you, ha! Hopefully he won't notice, though you could never wear these to work out in. I would have liked them much more and would have even been willing to pay more for them if they were a flat sneaker that you could actually train in, as I really do like the high top style and the color. Overall very cute but not too practical.Update: I just put some thin silicone forefoot pads in the shoes, and now my feet don't slide forward any more. It also made the ball-of-foot area more comfortable since I'm not a heel wearer. Now a definite keeper, especially for only eighty eight bucks!
B008RAGKBS Great shoe I love this shoe, it is very comfortable and fashionable. I love the puma brand and this follows my expectations.
B008RAGKBS Nice running shoe The shoe is a little tight,  but will probably lossen  up over time. It is a good shoe. Great looking. And nice for running.
B008RAHE8Q Very comfortable but..... These shoes fit great and were extremely comfortable. But only after a couple of days of hard wear, the right shoe must have gotten a hole in it. I say this bc the right shoe was not nearly as supportive as the left and the air cell squished down a lot.
B008RB3A1A The shoe is very narrow. The shoe itself has distinct design and does live up to the name. However I was wrong in placing the size 11 1/2. Should be 12.
B008RB3J48 Amazing shoe, way too small!!! This shoes are super cool, look to be of good quality but are way too small for me. I wear a 12 in every shoe/sneaker. Puma clothing fits me perfect. These however feel like they might be an 11 or even a 10 1/2. They are labeled a US 12. As I said every shoe I own is a 12, except some dress shoes/boots I wear 11s. Sadly the size 13 available from another seller was over double the price and I can't find them elsewhere.... I was going to return them but it was $15 to return as it was not an amazon prime item. So I will keep them a bit and sell them myself on eBay or to a friend. On a final note the shoes arrived in a beat up box, and there were some slight creases in the shoe, which made me think someone else tried them and returned them for not fitting, several other reviews shared my opinion that the shoe was awesome, but way too small. So, hopefully these cool shoes fit someone out there!
B008RLXJCK Totally stylish and comfortable These shoes are WINNERS.  They fit my wide feet perfectly, give a little, and have adequate support (I ran up and down slippery hills on the course and was fine).  If you want that clunky/heavy golf shoe feel, then don't get this shoe--it's light as air and the lace-up isn't the sturdiest.  I get compliments on them left and right, and they are easy to wipe down after a round.  For the price, you can't beat it.  They look a lot cuter on than in pics.
B008RLY7NK disappointing This GOLF shoe is a total disappointment from Puma.  It is on the smallish size and wearing the shoe is theequivalent of putting you feet in walking hot boxes.  Needless to say Will think twice before purchasing any otherPuma golf shoes.
B008U5KUIO Love the shoe! First, let me say how much I love shopping with Amazon. I ordered the shoe on Friday and it arrived the following Monday. The shoe is so beautiful for my daughter who is three years old. Cant beat the price of under$25.00. It will go perfect with her outfit. I'm even thinking about purchasing another pair. Thanks Amazon.
B008VQ14T6 Slim... Very slim shoe is the best I can describe it. I can only wear them with skinny jeans. Straight leg jeans swallow the shoes and looks ridiculous. Was looking for more of a casual shoe to wear at work on Fridays
B008VT3A54 Stylish Stylin shoe. I can't say whether wearing this shoe has helped me with the ladies because that's a long story but I love the look of these shoes and they seem to be holding up over a handful of indoor games. Laces are also great quality.
B008VUJBLA Great looking shoe This shoe is really more of a violet or purple color - which is what we wanted - but they call it blue. Sharp looking shoe and well made. We had to send the pair back because my grandson's feet had a growth spurt and by the time the shoes got here, he was into a size 3 instead. We exchanged them. The new pair in a size 3 fit very well and my grandson loves them.
B008VV0TJ2 PUMA H-MESH V SNEAKER (TODDLER/LITTLE KID/BIG KID), DARK DENIM/WHITE/DARK EVEN AFTER READING THE REVIEWS I STILL ORDER THIS SHOE FOR MY SON. BIG MISTAKE. CUTE SHOE, BUT DOES NOT HOLD UP VERY WELL. AFTER THE SECOND WEAR I STARTED TO SEE THE THREADING COMING APART AROUND THE TOE AS WELL AS AROUND THE STRAP. DISAPPOINTED IN PUMA, THIS IS NOT A WELL MADE SHOE.
B008VV0TJ2 Nice light shoe Great for summer as the shoe is very light and breathable. My son has a somewhat narrow foot, and only puma seems to fit him well. The only drawback is that this is not a shoe meant to last. Due to its light mesh, it tends to fray a bit and come apart. We are on our second pair for the summer. If you don't mind buying more then one, or your kids take it easy on their shoes I'd recommend.
B008X04KR8 love it very nice substantial shoe bought a half size big as he is still growing love the shoe looks very masculine
B0091TBAPA Good shoes! This design is I just wanted. I found simple and neat white shoe. This shoe is not white fully (they said this color is egret) but looks good as I wanted.I worried about the size before I receive it but this size is not small and this length is little long and width is appropriately fitted.Also, this is leather shoe so little big size will not be big concern, because the shoe's size will be extended.If you need some new white shoes I recommend this!
B0098IBSTM Great shoe I was so happy when i got them ! I wish i could wear them everyday they so comfortable. Nice
B0098IBSTM Nice looking shoe!! I was trying them on and the shoe was hard to get on, but once I got them on they were comfortable!  They do grip the ground firmly and they feel light.  Not a shoe to wear all day but a good running shoe.
B0098IBSTM Pumas are the most comfortable shoe! These shoes ran just a little large it seems, but overall are comfortable and I am happy with the purchase.
B0098IBSTM Great Shoe! This is a excellent shoe. It is extremely light but at the same time durable. The stitching and craftsmanship is excellent. The shoes style is exactly as illustrated.
B0098IBSTM Puma Toori I personalty think pumas are the best running or casual shoe to own. These shoes fit just as they should and are comfortable from day one.Reasonably priced for a high class shoe.
B0098IBSTM they are perfect for me i really love this type of shoe design. Puma is my best choice of shoe. I will always like to shop with you once the delivery is perfect like the first one.
B0098IBSU6 They get lots of compliments I love the way these look. They're super light and unlike another reviewer here, I found the soles to be very sticky and they made lots of noise on linoleum floors for a while in the beginning. I don't understand what about them makes them a running shoe. The sole seems more like a skate shoe to me.  Anyway, I think they look great and find them to be pretty comfortable. Unfortunately, I've had them less than 3 weeks and the sole is already wearing smooth.
B009FD25EC Fun shoe I usually wear a 10 to 10.5 so the shoe was a bit tighter then I thought it would be.  But overall they fit And look great
B009FD2LM8 Very Comfortable / all around shoe This is my 3rd pair of voltaics in a row.  Love this model of Puma shoe from the look to the comfort.  I've not worn a lighter and more comfortable shoe.  Previous voltaics were fabric all around and thus got wet easy.  Not so with these.
B009FD2LM8 Liked it, takes time to get used too...remember shoe looks way bigger in real life than the photos gave it 4 stars,beautiful sneakers got a lot of compliments from day one.visually stunning, very strong material.Cons: not a minimal shoe, if you have narrow feet and like less shoe material  like me? you would think this is not a good option, but after wearing it its extremely soft, I use only for walking. Its a little thigh so it will take time to break in, but remember if you use a half size bigger be prepared to have a shoe that looks huge on your feet.
B009FD2LM8 Good Running Shoe The inner lining of this shoe makes it hard to put on and take off so it doesnt work well as an everyday shoe.  But just to run in, it is really comfy and I havent had an issue with my feet hurting after.  I like the styling and fit.
B009FD2LM8 heels slip out of shoe These shoes look great! Unfortunately, I couldn't keep them on my feet. Neither could my son who has similar size feet as mine.  It seems like the shoe isn't deep enough to keep your heel inside.
B009FD2LM8 Tennis shoes that wear well! I purchased these for my grandson he seems to like this style of tennis shoe.  I like the way the Puma brand wears for my grandson..  In the past he wears through his shoes very quickly, so it is always nice  for a shoe that lasts longer.
B009FD2LM8 smallish The shoe lining is a bit snug, wish it had a regular shoe tongue.  other that that is a real comfy shoe
B009FD2LM8 Shoe Fitting Review I have a little bit wider foot and when I tried on a similar Puma shoe at the mall shoe store for sizing and feel, I thought they would be alright however the toe area is a more tight than the mesh style that I tried on. I am hoping with break in time they will form to foot for a better comfort.
B009FD2LM8 This shoe is nuts I wear a size 13 shoe. So when I ordered this shoe, I expected to be able to get my foot into it. WRONG! This shoe doesn't have a tongue. It's actually attached to the sides of the shoe so getting my foot into it wasn't happening.
B009FDPVRK Not like other Pumas that I have owned. The Shintai runner shoe looks pretty cool and is very light, but it is too small for my foot which has not been a problem with other Pumas that I have had. The shoe also just fells cheap when you wear it. I would recommend spending some extra money to get Puma Voltaic shoes ( which I love) or shoes of a different brand.
B009FDPVRK Great shoe Really like these shoes there light they fit nice around my foot if your looking for a good running shoe pick the shintai runner mp
B009FE8QLM Nice shoe - ordered too large The shoe would have been great if i had ordered the correct size! stylish, and classic - great for the summer
B009FLJ68M Awesome Shoe I love the shoe. When ordering the shoe I had to go a size larger because the Puma's fit small. Great for walking. Comfortable and stylish.
B009FM3XO4 Great Looking Shoe Great looking shoe. A bit on the tight side but eventually will stretch since it's leather. I just love Puma!!!
B009FM4BCW Really like this shoe The shoes are great. Fit well. My only complaint is no arch support. I would highly recommend a insole if you want to walk in these
B009FM4GK4 old school pumas are great. i am a shoe nut, and these are the most comfortable run around shoe i have ever had!!! a must shoe, i am thinking about buying another pair.
B009FM5D60 Nice shoe, not good for wide feet If you have EEEE wide feet (not common, but I happen to be one of those people), this shoe will not fit you.  the Puma S and Puma Clydes will though.
B009FM64EK Great and Stylish Shoe I really like the shoe at initial glance and first impression was great when wearing. Curious about the durability though.....
B009FM64EK Love these Great shoe! Looks good, feels good, and I've already been complimented and I just got them the other day! Dope shoe guys.
B009FMR6D8 Great Shoe Great shoe from Puma. Fits comfortable and is very stylish depending on how you wear and dress them. Definitely recommend these for anyone looking for an affordable yet stylish shoe.
B009FMR6D8 shoe the shoe is good just other them a little to big not much, but other than that they are good i like the style, i will go for the other color next time.
B009FMR6D8 Great Shoe I purchased the shoe for my grandson. He loves it, exactly what he expected.I sure he would love to have another pair.
B009FMRLQU Amazing shoe This shoe is extremely light and by far lighter than I could have ever expected it to be. It fits well, is very comfortable and quite durable. Definitely would recommend this to active people.
B009FMRLQU Very light shoe! Shoe is very light.  bought it for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  Just your basic shoe, nothing fancy.  Still looks good and the canvas is holding up just fine a month later.
B009FMSK1A great shoe this shoe is really light weight  and great for the price, my husband loves it would definitely recommend it to other buyers
B009FN614C Comfortable wedge shoe These wedge sneakers are trendy and comfortable. The toes are a little snug but the shoe overall is true to size. I'm the coolest mom on the playground!
B009FN614C GOOD SHOE I like the shoe a lot.  The only negative is I think it is a little too bulky around the ankle and the sole is a little too firm.  Expected more of a tennis shoe feel.
B009FN614C My daughter LOVES these It's not only fun, it's a sturdy shoe from a reputable shoe company.Puma has, long ago, moved away from competing with the big players in competitive shoe ware (Nike & Adidas). And now makes a very wide range of fun, casual and practical shoes.Long live Puma!
B009FN614C great shoe for a reasonable price This shoe was everything I expected. Shipping was great, I received the shoes within two days. The shoes are authentic puma shoes and goes great with my fall wardrobe. The wedge is inside the shoes so its slightly seen. The price of the shoe wasn't bad, I've seen this shoe at my local marshalls for 40 bucks but not in the black and gray so it was worth the buy.
B009FN614C I'm in Love!! Hi consider myself to be a slave to a good shoe, especially pumps but when I found these I was in love. They are cute, fashionable and comfortable. The perfect fashion key to any wardrobe. I now have a comfortable shoe to where when I take my son out to basketball and sporting events, no more sore feet in heels in the wrong environment. If your looking for a cute and fashionable shoe I recommend these 100%!!!
B009FN614C Must have Fashionable shoe they were got many compliments on these sneakers. They are an amazing buy I would recommend them .
B009FN6IEK A favorite shoe love this shoe.  so comfortable and fits perfectly.  foot is so well cushioned.  wish it will last forever and would like to be able to get it in black.
B009FN6NRW PUMA Soleil Fashion Sneaker They fit great and are very comfortable.  Only problem I have is if wear low socks back will rub a nice blister but as long as have a sock that goes above the back of the shoe they are very comfortable.  Shoe strings are a lower quality than would have expected for Puma but look and feel great.
B009FNMVBY comfortable shoe This shoe is more comfortable than I thought. There is more padding than appears to be there. I bought a size large, after reading comments. I have a wide foot. I wish I had only gone up 1/2 size, but they will be great when it is hot.
B009FNNAT6 Most comfortable shoe for casual wear I have now ordered 3 pairs of the zandy in different colors and wish Puma would bring back this style.
B009FNNFC8 The side of shoe is too short, it's making my foot crying :( The item is look just like picture shows, but when I tried on I knew it didn't fit my. The side of shoe is too short, it's hurtful and bend my foot....:(
B009FNNFC8 Cute shoe but not the most comfortable This shoe is cute. I usually wear an 8, and based on others' reviews about how this shoe fits, i ordered at 7.5, which fits very well. The shoe is mesh and fabric. The area near the heel where the checkered fabric becomes mesh is quite uncomfortable. There's a band where the fabric portion ends, and that digs into my foot.
B009G1CITK Nice looking shoe to wear with casual pants and jeans. I was a little disappointed that this sneaker did not have more arch support. However, it's a great LOOKING shoe and seems to wear well and looks really good with jeans or other types of casual pants.  It was a good buy for the price.
B009G1T5YG Shoe's Hey, i buy this product, is a good shoe but i wrong choosing the size, and well is a nice shoe, that beuti.
B009G1T5YG Awesome shoe Awesome shoe. Great support. Thought they were going to be black and blue but they actually were light grey but didn't have time to return them
B009G1T5YG Love this shoe This shoe is so comfortable.  Color is exactly as pictured.  I get so many compliments.  Based on other reviews I ordered a half size up.  Usually wear an 8 but ordered 8 1/2.  When I tried them on they fit my wide foot.  I have a little room in the toe area but I compared the bottom of this shoe to an 8 in another brand and they were the same length.  Glad I got the 8 1/2.
B009G1T5YG tad disappointed I was very excited to have ordered these and even more so to receive them. The shoe fits somewhat snug on the heel and I am hoping just requires some breaking in. Overall great looking shoe though.
B009G1T5YG Size of shoe 7 is my original size but I like 7 1/2 for more room. The fit of the shoe is a little snug
B009G1T5YG Awesome Puma! This puma is one of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. If your looking for a good supporting shoe, and great arch support, this is your shoe. Loved these shoes so much, I bought six pair in different colors.
B009G1T5YG Great shoe. Love these shoes. They are very light. They felt good as soon as I put them on. I would purchase them again.
B009G1T5YG Returned stiff and didn't fit well I had to return these.  The outside of the shoe is plastic like and stiff.  The length seemed ok, but the height of the shoe was strangely too tall so that when I walked in the shoe the sides would buckle up.  I think if I would have gone down a half-size it would have been too short.  The shoes are really cute, but just don't fit me well at all.
B009G1U2XE Great Shoe I loved this shoe as soon as I saw it online. True to size, it fit just like a glove. The color is awesome and the pink dots are an exciting addition to the shoe!
B009G1U2XE Bright, comfortable Shoe Great shoe, super comfortable. I bought a size bigger knowing they run small, if you have wide feet, this is not your shoe!
B009G1U2XE its a very comfortable shoe. I was looking something nice to exercise in. This shoe shows n caught my eyes n in line with my budget.  I went for it.
B009G1U2XE Happy customer Let me just say the color of he shoe was the same as in the picture...the shoes was very comfortable and true to size
B009G1UD2E nice shoe love the look felt good just a little big exchanging for half size smaller i think this will be a good shoe
B009G1UD2E Great shoe for the money. Overall the shoe fit great, comfortable to both run and workout in the shoes.My only regret is that I didn't buy two pairs.
B009G1VXJG Great Shoe! This shoe fit true to size.  I bought these shoes for working in the field and they are great!  They are very comfortable and have good traction.
B009G1VXJG Nice shoe, fits narrow The shoe feels a bit tight on the foot. It is not as comfortable as other running shoes I have purchased at comparable prices. Colors are snazzy, looks good.
B009G1VXJG Awesome shoe When I received this shoe I was concerned it would fit tight!! But the fit and look is great. very happy with them!!!
B009G1WZP2 Comfortable and Flexible I really like this shoe. Its a bit brighter than I expected in real life. Not a problem per say but I tend to not like to draw so much attention to my shoes at least by bright colours. But outside of that its really flexible and very comfortable and it was true to size. So i&#34;d say overall a very good shoe. ANd it was lighter than I expected too. so happy with my purchase.
B009G1WZP2 price Happy whit ma running shoe, but to expensive for the delivery and the custom fees, all that double the price of the shoe, very mad.
B009G1WZP2 Great shoe! A slip on shoe with great support! I'm not a serious runner but do fitness stuff and some running, and need a good shoe. These have great cushion and support. The other colors are also wowser, I wouldn't mind more than one! I need room in the toe box. I'm supposed to be an 8.5, but have been getting 9s for a long time and now I start with 9.5, so on that basis you could say these run a little small but so does everything these days.
B009GZS6OW Slim fit but still a great shoe. It is a slim fit so it was very snug to start with. I have no other complaints about the shoe and do get a lot of compliments on them.
B009GZS6OW Unreturnable within a day I usually wear 10.5 or 11 US shoe size, so I thought I would try the 10.5 and see how it fit.  After wearing it for a day, I could tell that my outside toes could use a little more space (the shoe is very pointed).  However, the logo on the inside of the shoe had already completely rubbed off on my sock, and I didn't feel the shoe could be resold if I returned it.The materials on the sole and the decorations are cheap.  The stitching on the rear tag came loose within a week, and the top layer of color on the sole has started to rub off within a month.
B009GZS6OW Great price for a great shoe! I purchased the Burnt Olive/Dark Shadow/Whisper color/style shoe. The color looks nice. They fit true to size and are very comfortable. I would recommend this shoe to both friend and foe alike.
B009JCNUFM Great shoe I love the shoe.  It has a great look that is different in any circle.  Only problem is that I ordered in a size 10.  So Puma's that I have in that size fits great.  But some run small as this shoe did.
B009KSDDUM Good shoe This is a super cute shoe and it fits very well also. I would not recommend it as an everyday shoe for a toddler though. Very thin sole that has little cushion.
B009KSDDUM Cute shoe Love the color and style of shoe. can't wait for my daughter to be wearing them. She will look stylish in them.
B009KSDDUM Great little shoe Our little girl loves this shoe. It still looks like new & we bought these at the start of school 2013. My little one is a tom boy as well. Very pleased!
B009KUFSIK My son loved this shoe! My son had his heart set on this shoe.  It is very light weight but was durable.  The fit was true to size.
B009KVEDCG Cute and durable shoe Six year old Daughter loved the shoe. Very comfortable, holds up wear/tear and super stylish for a girls athletic shoe.
B009MNYG1U Comfort and style........ This Puma shoe is a great all around shoe. Many of the newer Puma styles I find far too narrow for my feet but the Roma style has always been just right and continues to be a durable comfortable sneaker. The color is as expected quite bright which makes it a bit difficult to match with what your wearing and the green for being this bright will most likely show the slightest bit of dirt BUT those being my only complaints. Ive never had a pair of pumas that didn't last, they are a sturdy comfortable shoe that are always in style no matter what....I love these shoes!!!!
B009MNYG1U great comfy super cool shoe. buy this shoe if you want to be cool and hang out with cool people. so thats it.
B009MNYG1U Great look Great looking shoe with 2 different  lace options.  I typically wear size 12 or 13 depending on the shoe. I wear size 13 in Puma. These fit perfectly. I like that most of the sole is a different color than white so they won't look dirty so soon.
B009MNYG1U Great Shoe Wanted an OKC Thunder colored shoe, and this was a great fit! Very comfy! Size was true to what was expected!
B009MNYG1U dissatisfied customer After 3 uses the tread of the shoe started peeling off and not as comfortable as people say. Not much of anything between foot and ground. I do not recommend shoe due to durability issues and lack of comfort. From now on I'm going to the store to buy my shoes. Completely dissatisfied
B009SCY9AI Great shoe Comfortable, super lightweight. Might not be the most rugged shoe out there - as some have suggested - but then maybe a suede running shoe ain't what you're looking for anyway.
B009STI9NO great shoe light, comfortable and good lookin shoe. What more can you ask for, The price was right too. Im going to buy another pair
B009STI9NO Great looking shoe. I love the look of the shoe but probably not the most supportive for running. I use them mostly for casual use.
B009STI9NO Great shoe for the price! Was looking for a white athletic shoe for everyday wear with a price that wouldn't break the bank. This one was affordable and stylish enough to catch my eye.
B009STI9NO Awesome shoe The picture does no justice for these shoes.. I was shocked how stylish they really were and how perfectly molded they were to my feet.... This shoe is way underrated and once you order them you will be astound, beautiful white true sneakers....Don't take my word for it... I just ordered 2 more pair.....
B009STI9NO Nice one.. I like that shoe. It is more comfortable and smooth.I will recommend this shoe to my friends and family
B009STNEF2 Blinging Shoe Bought this shoe as a surprise for my husband. He LOVED it and so does everyone that sees him in it!!!! Lots of compliments.
B009STNEF2 GREAT SHOE!!! I don't run but I do enjoy the comfort of a running shoe. My cousin had a pair of Puma similar to these and just raved about them. I bought these a month or so ago and they are really comfy. Also the cool color has vested several compliments.
B009STNEF2 nice shoe but... you need to size up with Puma...the shoes are narrow but quality and comfort are a Puma standard. I LOVE THIS SHOE!!
B009SU39K6 Nice Shoe, But Ripped Too Early Its a good running shoe, and me being an average runner, have little or no complaints as I think I lack discernment over what makes a great running shoe. Nothing hurts after my run, and it did train me to land midfoot or forefoot which I guess is what it was meant to do.However, the front upper irreparably ripped yesterday, after half a year of use. My average usage is 5-10km a week. That isn't a lot I think. The upper already started to rip after a few months but yesterday it blew a hole near the metatarsal. This is sad because the bottom EverTrack rubber had some miles left in it, and the foam was still soft, so for it to rip there is a let down.I really like the shoe. It looks and feels great. But I am not sure I wanna buy the Mobium Elite v2 because there has been little structural improvement to make me confident that this won't happen again. The only thing that they changed was the upper material and the design.
B009SU39K6 Run faster, but takes a touch of getting used to I have really mixed feelings about the Puma Mobium Elite.If you're reading this review, then you're probably a little like me, wondering if there's any truth to this supposedly entirely new sneaker technology built around a basic premise: Your foot changes shape roughly 6%, so your sneaker should too. The unique x-shaped band running in a groove along the outer sole supposedly pulls the sneaker back into an arched shape after allowing a flattening of the arch during impact to help change with the changes of your foot and also spring back to help give back energy for your stride.Having just recently received these, i have been out on 4 runs at 8 miles each, and have reached some conclusions.Like I said at the start, i have mixed feelings about this sneaker. Here's the short of what i found:- Run pace is consistently faster on all 4 runs- There's a tiny cost: a touch of leg pain in new places- Really strange parts of my foot got small blisters- It changes my stride- it works, it's fun, but takes a little getting used to- The band underneath could be tighter- Outsole feels great. Upper and insole doesn't feel as great- Awesome materials in the upper, not sure how well everything is put together.Here's the long version.SHAPE:First, the shape of the sneaker. It definitely is shaped like an arched foot, and not a regular sneaker where the outsole runs flat across but the insole has an arch bump, or with an outsole that has a raised heel like traditional high drop sneakers.  The shoe literally has a distinct high arch on the outside that is equally reflected inside.The upper is a gorgeous material and the laces seem like a high tech material too. The tongue is strange though. It's uber thin (Teijin microfiber, maybe?) with a funny plasticky/silicone like badge where the tongue shows through the laces. The tongue also seems stitched onto the ceiling of the upper in a simplistic way that rubs a little during a run. Not enough to cause any skin irritation but certainly noticeable in the early miles.The sneaker is harder to put on because the whole shoe wraps around the foot in the shape of the foot. They are especially form fitting around the sides of the heel and the arch. The closest thing to the fit of these would that I've tried is the Merrel Sonic Glove. Not even the Vivobarefoot Breathos or Evo IIs or Vibram Five fingers wrap this snugly. The Mobiums do seem to run just a touch long in the heel for me though. I find that despite the snug feel around the midfoot and on either side of the heel, the rear of the heel doesn't quite hug the back of my heel, causing some movement early on, though surprisingly that movement stopped once i was running for a while. Stiffness in the forefoot flexibility might have been partially to blame.The toebox seems less roomy than other sneakers I've purchased lately, but still plenty roomy for toes to splay and move reasonably and never feel tight or constricting during a run.The outer edge of the lateral plantar branches (e.g. on the left foot, that would be the whole outer or left edge of the fore foot from behind the toes to just behind the middle of the foot) does feel unusually snug though, and also seems the least flexible and shock absorbing, causing some really unusual pain for me compared to just about every other shoe I've ever worn.On the inside, there are some strange bumps or stitching that caused some rubbing in weird ways. This manifested in small blisters on my big toe and the inward facing part of the big toe mound. I don't usually get blisters in these areas, so there's something going on there.The shoe is a 19mm heel with a 4-6mm drop (guesstimating here)  What makes this especially hard to tell is that rather than start high and gradually decline, the raised arch makes the sense of the drop seem difficult to really feel.RUN:The four runs were really telling.  I had all kinds of good things and bad things happen during the run that I can't really give an overall score that would reflect how I felt about the shoe.  What's more, the first and fourth runs were roughly the same, telling me that my conclusions were really consistent and not a one off result from the excitement of wearing new shoes.First off, these sneakers seem to run a touch small, so get a half size up if you can, or try them out.  I think it should be a fairly tight, snug fit, as the material does stretch a just a little bit over the first few runs.  Could be wrong here, so probably better if you ask an expert at a shoe store.The shoe is snug, no question, and is hard to put on.At first, walking around, the simplistic way the tongue is sewn onto the ceiling of the upper seems to dig in, but I worried for naught.  The feeling went away about a mile into the run, and never came back, caused no skin irritation at all.Next is the strange differences in areas of pressure.  The lateral plantar branches definitely felt pressure and became sore over the course of the run.  I think this is because the dramatic movement of the arch offers a lot of run assistance, shock absorption, and energy return, but the lateral plantar side has no such springy motion, so takes the brunt of the force.  I could be wrong, but if I was, I should have similar problems in other shoes, so i think I'm right here.  The lateral plantar side feels a little like doing a hard mid-foot stride run in minimalist sneakers.Next up, the inside edge of the foot gets some blisters.  From the big toe to the big toe mound to the inside of the arch, I got blisters.  My guess is that this is because even though the arched changes shape with the changes in my foot arch, there is some rubbing as the shoe adjusts its shape.  Could be wrong here.  I used Kinesio tape on the second-fourth runs and that alleviated the blisters.Next up, the heel.  I noticed immediately that while the sides of the heel are very snug, the back of the heel is a touch loose, causing some movement.  I would have sworn up and down that the back of my heel would get rubbed raw, but something interesting happened.  Whenever I'm walking, I can feel the heel rubbing against the heel of the shoe vertically.  But when actually running, the rubbing disappears.  Can't imagine why this is the case, but in either case, there was no skin irritation on the heel.  A pleasant surprise to be sure.Other than these noticeable things, the shoe felt really great overall, and the changing shoe shape does seem to actually work a bit and my runs were clearly faster. I rotate my shoes a fair bit, and the increased speed from these shoes has been consistent when compared to other sneakers.Basically the shock cords in an x-pattern on the outsole are trying to contract.  When you land, your weight flattens the sole and the shock cord pulls the shoe back into the arched shape.  I wish that shock cord was much tighter than it is.  I feel an energy return when kicking off, and since this is my easy run shoe, it would be great if the energy return was higher, hence the wish for a stronger, tighter shock cord.Still, even as is, the shoe seems to be begging me to change my stride and it did so on all my runs.  It pushes you into a light heel mostly mid foot strike and a deeper and...springier (is that a word?) push off.  So my legs are encouraged to kick off farther back causing a longer stride.  The last time I had this long a stride was when I exclusively used traditional stability sneakers (Mizuno Elixir 4s, a few years ago).  My stride has been much shorter for a few years now (in traditional and minimalist sneakers) so it was surprising that the Mobiums caused such a dramatic change in stride length so consistently and for the entire run, every time.On to tactioception, or exteroception (sorry, I still refuse to give in to the misguided definition of "proprioception" which is a word the industry mistakenly uses to describe a sense of where body parts are in relation to the ground...that's not proprioception, that's exteroception.  Proprioception is a sense of where body parts like toes are in relation to other body parts.  It's original use in minimalist shoes comes from the fact that you use your toes more, making them stronger and more sensitive to where they are in relation to each other and the rest of the foot.  But the misguided "proprioception" term has run rampant, so i'll probably give in to this one day.  Just not today).  These are closer to traditional sneakers with little exteroception.  The stack height is likely too high, but there is just a little more feel in these versus stability sneakers or high cushion neutrals.  Interestingly, the foot pads act a little like paw pads on an animal's paw so the lateral force of each pad is felt when striking and pushing off in weird angles.  This was kind of cool.  Though it would be nice to get true exteroception in a future version.At the end of each run, I've noticed that the tendons on either side behind my knees feel a touch sore, as well as some ever-so-slight pain in my calves and heel.  But the real lingering dullish pain is felt around my big toe mound and my lateral plantar branches.  Even now, several hours after my latest run, I feel this feint, dullish, but noticeable "bone deep" pain along the lateral plantar branches.  Perhaps this is because the sneaker encourages a longer and springier stride, but it may not be the best idea to completely give in and commit to that temptation.CONCLUSION:I have run in maybe two dozen shoe brands over the years (buying multiples of ones that I really like), and unlike folks who prefer a single shoe type, I happily rotate in everything from minimalist shoes on up to traditional neutral and stability shoes and everything in between.  In all those years and among all the shoes, there has really only been one sneaker (another review I wrote recently) that felt right from the very first run, and while I was hopeful that the Mobiums would be the second pair to do that, they are close, but not quite there.Despite the little issues, there's no question these sneakers encourage me to run faster, with longer strides, and feel great during the run.  So to help with faster pace training in the 8-14 mile range, the Mobiums are now a consistent part of my rotation, especially for medium pace training.Given how many sneakers I've thrown away or returned (when possible), sneaker compliments don't get much better than that.Happy running!
B009SU4IDI Runs small Great looking shoe, very comfortable, but definitely a smaller fit. Haven't seen this shoe made in anything larger than 41.
B009SUAWDI Good Shoe I did not give it a full 5 star rating because my feet a wide and though the shoe would fit comfortable but after running in them for a while there is a little discomfort.
B009SUAWDI Love the colour combination, didn't realize the piece under the laces were attached to the shoe itself. It is a bit tight across the top of the shoe, but other than that it fits okay. Love the colours.
B009SVMOCO Good looking shoe but squeaks I have never seen this in any other shoe I have worn. The shoe seems to be made of good material but for some reason it squeaks with each step. I haven't been able to figure out the problem and have stopped wearing it unless I would be in a noisy environment.
B009XHPWAY This is my best shoe! This is my best shoe! Great shoe. I love this shoe. Althogh I lost it, I want to buy again.
B009ZRIJ0C Cool shoe This is a cool show at a great price. They were some what large. I'm hoping some insoles will help because this is a cool shoe at an excellent price.
B00A008HR8 Love this shoe I love this shoe. It's comfortable, love the color and style. The wedge heel is not too big so it doesn't look like a heel. They are a little narrow, I'm usually a size 7.5, but I got an 8 for this shoe.
B00A0HEKYK Great shoe! This shoe fits a little small, I would recommend ordering a 1/2 size up! Other than that, they worked out perfect for my daughter's indoor soccer season! We received several compliments!
B00A0HFKQW Nice Gym Shoe This is a well made, slim fitting shoe we purchased for our 'k' student.  Against our better judgement and advice, he was really set on a  yellow pair, which look very striking but unfortunately get very scruffy, very quickly. Also, the tongue of the shoe slides down when our young hero slides his foot in. He liked them so much, we took them to 'our' cobbler, who manufactured a nice loop for the laces to keep all in place. That had to lose 2 stars for what could have been a fantastic gym shoe.
B00AI1VTF6 Good spikeless golf shoe Except for the fact that the shoe squeaks every time I walk, it's a great shoe.  The toe box is roomy but the shoe still fits my narrow foot even though it's a medium width.  If it didn't squeak, I would have given it 5 stars.
B00AI1Z2G8 Wonderful Golf Shoe This is the most comfortable golf shoe ever.  If I had to do it over again, I would defiantly purchase this shoe again.
B00AI1Z2G8 stylish - fun, good shoe good shoe, seems waterproof to me, I like it -- get an orange shirt to go with it, looks sharp
B00AI1Z2G8 Great shoe - light and comfortable Fantastic purchase.  No breaking in required and love the fit.  The two sets of laces were a nice touch.  Would highly recommend.
B00AI222Y2 Awesome shoe! I love this shoe, it is comfortable, stylish, feels and looks great!  I would recommend this show to my friends!!!!
B00AI222Y2 Big feet can have style also Even in a 13 wide this shoe is greatMost comfortable shoe I have ever worn playing golf great grip without tearing up the grassLite weight and flexible material but sturdyMake sure you get the exact size they are true to sizeBest quality of shoe for the price I have ever purchased
B00AI222Y2 Exactly the golf shoe I was looking for... Puma hit the nail on the head when it come to a light weight breathable golf shoe that still performs like a golf shoe...kudos
B00AOAQAJG Great casual shoe! The shoe looks as good out of the box as it does on the website.  I normally wear an 8 1/2 but ordered a half a size up as I normally do with Puma.  The 9's fit perfectly!  Very comfy, love the little wedge heel!
B00AOAQAJG Good looking shoe I like the shoe and the color is exactly as shown.  The length is true to size, but the shoe is a tad narrower than expected.  It will likely give once I wear them a while.
B00AOBC4JA Comfy Shoe I am a fan of PUMA shoes.  Love the multi-colors of this ballet flat and would definitely recommend if you're looking for a comfortable sporty shoe.
B00AOCAP9A Light and an excellent shoe Love them and a great workout shoe and strength training shoe.  Would definitely recommend to my friends to wear always
B00AOCAP9A Great shoe Fits perfectly, super lightweight, internal support feels great.  I especially like the compact, thin tongue.  Love Puma's commitment to the environment.  The shoe bag box is a great idea.
B00AOCAP9A Needs more support. Great shoe.  It's super light and very flexible.  My only complaint is there is not enough support to my arch.
B00AOCCXJU Nice Shoe! I really like the look of the shoe. They're really good to do cross-training exercises in. The only thing negative I have to say is the heel of the shoe doesn't have a lot of padding and hurts my heel after I have wore them a while.
B00AOCDNJ4 I'm sure it's a great shoe, but it's false advertisement The shoe is very sturdy and feels great, but I actually bought it for aesthetics too - I thought it would look great in my dance class (where we turn off the lights sometimes).  However, to my disappointment, it doesn't at all illuminate.  I've take it into a room with no windows and turned off the lights and it's darker than my t shirt.  I'm assuming, it probably uses reflection, so I would have to probably walk in the dark in front of a car for the shoe to glow.  However, I don't intend to walk in front of a car at anypoint, especially at night....
B00AOCDUD8 A really great affordable shoe. I really like this shoe. I usually have issues with them squeezing my toes, but the toe box gives ample room and the heel fits nicely. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I like my first pair of Pumas. The only reason I don't give them five stars is that I don't give out five stars very easily. The product must be near perfect. The only thing I would change is to have a bit more arch support, however, I ran a 5k the first day I wore these and my feet felt great. I think I am just so used to wearing my Birkenstocks daily which completely hug your arch. Over-all a really great shoe. If you love purple then they are even better.
B00AOCE7IA Great dance shoe, not for everyday wear I really liked the look of these shoes so I bought them for everyday wear, but they are definitely not made for that. The sole of the shoe just isn't wide enough to be comfortable with all day wear, otherwise the shoe fits as expected and I do like them
B00AOCE7IA Comfort Great shoes to wear all day. Arrived really quick and the shoe was already broke in to be able to wear all day!
B00AOD2OQ6 Really good shoe I was looking for a reasonably priced, everyday shoe, and this fit the billet perfectly. In my experience, Puma's generally run small, but they've always broken in just fine for me. Recommended.
B00AOD2OQ6 Darn good shoe These shoes have just the right amount of cushion for me.  I gave 4/5 because no shoe is perfect but I do like them.  I believe these are a bit narrower then normal so if you do have widish feet be aware.  I find them quite comfy though
B00AOD2OQ6 Great value sneakers I wear a 9.5 in most nike shoes, I went half a size up to 10 with these.  If you notice the shape of the shoe, the sole is a little thinner than the body of this shoe, you can kind of notice it when you're walking, but it feels right.  The shoe is good looking and a great value for the money.  The laces are quality and it gets good grip in the snow.
B00AOD2OQ6 Excellent shoe, very comfortable This shoe is very comfortable. The fit was just what I expected. Clearly, it's not for running and jumping, this is a walking around shoe. It looks sporty but it's built for simply walking around and looking good. If you purchase it for that purpose you'll be pleased. The sole is very soft and quiet. It's like walking on a little cloud. So far they have been easy to keep clean but I imagine that white stripe will become a challenge later. It was en excellent purchase, I'm very happy.
B00AOD3AB4 minimalist running shoe I liked the color (bright pink). The size ran a bit large but I'm going to make do. I'll use it for short runs. The shoe is incredibly light.
B00AOD8YMO Bright Orange -- very nice ! Just a little tight, where 10 1/2 usually is just right.  Awesome shoe though !  Very thick bottom cushioning seems to make it a tight fit.  Comes with the coolest cloth shoe tote bag.  Very Clever.
B00AOD8YMO Love the shoe I bought a pair about a year ago at TJMaxx. The shoe runs small I bought these a size larger and they fit great!
B00AODTEZA nice shoe Fit well.  Look good.  After first run, rubbed my Achilles a little raw, but that is normal break in issue. Seems to be good shoe. We'll see how they wear over time.
B00AODTEZA Be careful I'm a bigger guy (over 210 pounds), and I found that after a couple runs in this shoe that the plastic webbing in the back broke. The shoes now click when I run. Definitely not even an option for someone who does light jogging. I'm just going to breakdown and buy a nicer shoe.
B00AODTEZA I would not buy this shoe I will never buy Puma again. it is just a bad shoe. The shoe hurts your feet if you wear them more than 30 minutes. I will go back to buy 3 year old nike.
B00AODVKJI Comfort and light Comfortable and light, enjoy this shoe! Have always used Mike, but this style of puma is great for jogging and going to the gym.
B00AODVKJI Great looking shoe! Very comfortable and stable shoe.  The material makes the shoe easy to keep clean.  The only negative aspect is the back cushion is stiff and will take some time to loosen up.
B00AODVKJI Falls apart quickly This shoe looks great, and if you dont plan on ever wearing it for actual exercise, you picked a great shoe to look at.  Its stiff to run in and the webbing falls apart.  Quickly.  Don't buy this shoe.  I'll give it two stars because it does look good.
B00AODVKJI The perfect Shoe This shoe is by far the most comfortable I have ever worn in my life. Its like walking on air. Get a 1/2 size higher than normal. The arch support is amazing. I walked in them all day didnt even realize I had shoes on . The comfort is uncanny .
B00AODVKJI Not comfortable My husband ordered these, looking for a new workout shoe.  He can't wear them, he says they are hard and not flexible.  Not even very comfortable when he's just standing.  Very disappointed in this PUMA
B00AODVKJI Nice and snug Fit snug. A little short but room enough. Attractive shoe. Works well as a running shoe. Has lots of character.
B00AODW9HA Shoe size I love this shoe, but it's a little too tight. I would recormend this shoe to everyone.I hope that you would get this shoe in a larger size, 12-1/2 or 13.Thanks for allowing me to shear.
B00AODW9HA The perfect fit - Puma Men's Tazon 5 Mesh Running Shoe With the level of comfort that this shoe provide, how can I return to anything of a lesser quality and standard?.
B00AOE059S Loved them! Very nice shoe, the shoe fit well and I wish I would have bought more colors of the same shoe.
B00AOE059S Very Comfortable Shoe I am having major spine surgery and was needing a slip on shoe that I could wear around the house and outside during my rehab. These Puma OSU3 shoes are fantastic, especially for the price.  They are made well, look good, and fit like a glove. I have a feeling this will now become my primary walking and all around shoe.
B00AOE059S this shoe rocks Great shoe and it's very  comfortable.I would recommended it to any one looking for Style and reliability when on the move.
B00AOE059S good shoe Good for a running shoe and easy to put on and also very comfortable I would reccomend this shoe to anyone looking for a running shoe
B00AOE059S Awesome Shoe These shoes are a perfect fit and great comfort. Nice for workouts or a walk. I would highly suggest these
B00AOE059S Puma has a great design Very nice and light shoe ideal for people working on their feet all day. First slip on shoe like this and I love it.
B00AOE059S A tickle hard to get on but....... That's to be expected for a slip-on shoe. They fit great despite some reviews that said they were a bit tight. It's the first shoe I ever wore that someone actually asked me where I got them.
B00AOE059S Quality shoe Should have realized as I am on the upper end of 12 as I age that 12 would be tight in this shoe. Returned for 13. !3 fine.
B00AOE059S Great show I love these shoes.  Based on the reviews, I got then one size up they for perfectly. Very lightweight, flexible, comfortable shoe.  I use for walking.
B00AOE059S Slip on shoe I will start by saying that this is a very narrow shoe especially in the toes... I bought it a size larger and it still narrows down so quickly in the toe it is borderline too short.  However the extra size seems to be enough room for my toes and I have noticed no discomfort from the shoe being too short.One of the main advantages for me is the ease of getting these shoes on and off.  I found myself wearing my sandals far too often and the fashion police took great offense when I started wearing them with socks.  It was a comfort and ease choice and I often found myself in sandals in situations where I was doing athletic things which can be a bit of an odd situation.  Now I no longer have to worry while they do take some effort to get on besides just stepping in them not having to bother with laces allows me to pull them on and hit the ground running.On to comfort these shoes have never been uncomfortable to me.  The main thing I would say about these shoes is I often don't notice them.  I can wear them all day and not notice that they are on my feet they don't pinch, they don't squeeze, they don't hurt my feet.  Just a nice solid shoe.
B00AOE059S Great Shoe! Just what I needed for the gym Comfortable shoe and great for the gym. I have always be a fan of puma and this was a fantastic buy.Some shoes I am a size 12 and others I am a 11.5 and I brought the size 12 and they fit nice and snug.
B00AOMV7YW Great looking shoe with good fit and style very comfortable. Great styling, Goes great as a shoe I wear with business casual work clothes or when going out on the town
B00AOMV7YW Manufacturer issue, otherwise great shoe Amazon delivered on time as usual and the shoes came out of the box looking great, until I noticed a pretty rough looking tear and scuff mark in the leather on the lateral side of the right shoe. This had nothing to do with Amazon's packaging because the shoe box had no sign of wear or damage, so the tear and scuff mark must have come from the manufacturer. Thankfully the shoes had free return/replacement, so I should be getting a new pair in within a few days. If the new pair looks as they should, I'll definitely be coming back to update the review to 5 stars.A bit of a warning though that this shoe is quite thin in terms of width, so a person with wider than average feet will have major issues fitting into these.Edit: Just received my replacement pair, and unfortunately they are in similar condition to the last. The replacement pair has a very small divot in the leather on the medial side of the left shoe, and a tiny mark on the top of the same shoe that seems as if the leather may have been repainted to cover up an imperfection. Also on the medial side of the right shoe, there are 2 small stretch marks where the leather was not securely tightened. It may sound like this pair is actually somewhat worse than the original, but I personally don't feel like replacing them again and at least the imperfections are on the medial side of the shoe so most people won't notice. Puma usually makes a great pair of shoes and I'm surprised by the lack of manufacturing quality considering this model is supported by Ferrari, but other than the few flaws these shoes are very stylish and comfortable to wear.
B00AOMV7YW Great shoe Bought this shoe for my husband for Christmas , he has the yellow  and the red so thought I should buy him the black which he loves
B00AOMYC2Q Dr. Shoes This shoe is the most comfortable shoe in the world and it has style plus it's good for running and soccer.
B00AOMZH1Q Puma Shoe did not fit well and it was to clumsy. Did fit smaller then 10.5, shoe was not strong enough look to soft where the material will bend to easily.
B00AOMZH1Q Puma ultralight The shoe was too narrow fory feet, otherwise the shoe is great, apready bought another for nephew last weekend thanks
B00AOMZH1Q good shoe but too small Its a good and beautiful shoe, but the size its too small that the normal,  i buy a 6 but its a 5.5....
B00AOMZH1Q i like the shoe alot just wish it came in a wide fit. but i love it anyway. i like the style and slickness the design, the soft and cushiony bottom makes a great wear. i would recommend this shoe but as i said wish it came in a wide fit also
B00AOMZH1Q Too small!! I normally wear a 10.5 shoe. I had to go up to 11.5 and it still is too tight. Also, the shoe is better suited for the younger crowd (I am 52 yrs old).  It is very bright red, and looks like it would not last very long. I would not recommend.
B00AOMZH1Q Way Too small The fit was too tight. So much so the shoe actually crinkled and deformed around the ankle. When you order a size 14 you'd think they would know they were dealing with a large man and beef up the shoe.
B00AONURJ2 Light weight shoe with support I wanted a light weight shoe to wear with Jeans and these shoes work perfectly.  The fit is exactly to size.
B00AONV17Y Fit is a little tight but great looking shoe.  I may have to stretch it out to be able to use it daily. Fit is a little tight but great looking shoe.  I may have to stretch it out to be able to use it daily.
B00AONVA52 Very good shoe. I like it and a very good shoe. It feels like thin leather and very soft to the touch. Like easy to damage. Only bad thing!
B00AONVA52 Good Looking Love the look of this shoe! Very sleek styling & light weight with a comfortable fit.  A shoehorn makes it easier to get into the shoe, though.
B00AONVA52 Not a great shoe, looks, fit, or comfort I had to return these shoes.  They were too small, extremely uncomfortable, and on top of that they didn't look very good.
B00AONVA52 size shoe is made very well, good quality..I purchased a similar pair and I had to get  one  size larger than my regular shoes. really liked the shoes, my advise is purchase one size larger than your true shoe size, also when I received a pair of shoes similar to these as a gift, I ran into a problem. The shoe had laces off to the side, not centered with shoe. I wore them only one time and the next day when I was putting them on, one eye loop tore. I contacted PUMA and they stated I need receipt, when and where purchased. I contacted the person who gave them as a gift and they did not save receipt, due to that I saved the shoe to wear on my vacation which were months away. It has been over a year ago, and I still have the shoes in the box sitting in my closet. Be very cautious about purchasing PUMA shoes with eye loops, if so make sure you save receipt.
B00AONVA52 Yes, buy large These fit me as expected...but only cause I read all the reviews and bought larger. Very slim shoe, zero support, lightest shoe you may ever wear!Honestly...wearing these makes me feel like I am wearing leather socks with rubber soles. The whole rubber sole flexes everywhere. This is not a shoe that I would recommend for anybody walking long distances or work on cold concrete every day...but these are perfect for what they are...a designer shoe...not to be mistaken as an athletic shoe.I don't tie my shoes, and I am not a fan of large bulky shoes...these shoes stay tight with no ties and are definitely NOT bulky! They really make a perfect driving shoe as well.
B00AONVA52 Fills an important niche I love this shoe.  I call them my &#34;house shoes&#34; but I find myself more and more making grocery runs and doing other weekend errands in these shoes.  My cotton sole kung fu shoes are now used strictly for the indoors and the Pumas are for indoor and light outdoor use.  These are excellent for driving, very light from gas to brake and on and off the clutch pedal.  While driving, the super low heel lets the foot move around very confidently and quickly with no fear that you would have with a big wedge running shoe heel getting all hung up on the floor mat.  I wear these shoes barefoot and it is nice to be able to easily kick them on and off to let the feet breath.  I wear a 10.5 in just about every shoe, but after reading the reviews on Amazon, I went up half a size and ordered these in size 11 and I'm glad I did, they fit perfectly.  I would definitely recommend these shoes for driving, martial arts, house slippers or any activity that requires a minimalist shoe.  The pros are that they are super light, have the right amount of grip, not too much, not too little, they slip on easily, don't slip off accidentally and they look to be well made.  The cons are that its strengths can also be seen as weaknesses if your philosophy of use requires a shoe with loads of lateral support, cushioning and an arch support.  If you are overweight, I would recommend a shoe with more cushioning and support than the Redon Move.
B00AONVA52 A nice shoe It's a slip on shoe.  It's pretty comfortable.  It may take a couple of days to break them in but it's a good shoe.
B00AONVA52 Good shoe but not for athletics This shoe is very svelte, and as per many PUMAs, check your size as I wear an 8 in adidas, but 8.5 in PUMA.This is really just a walking around shoe and should not be considered for athletics. The sole and upper are very thin, and while it looks great, does not provide a lot of support.I wear these with jeans and casual dress pants, and have gotten a lot of compliments on them. Be aware that you will need to use your fingers or a shoe horn, as these are tight enough that they cannot be simply stepped into, as some slip-on shoes can.
B00AONVA52 as expected I've bought puma before so I knew to add one size min.Super light weight shoe, makes a good driving shoe, nothing too athletic.Material a little plastic, but overall not bad.
B00AONVKKM Looks great with jeans! This shoe runs true to size with a normal width. Very comfortable shoe with exceptional quality. I would definitely recommend this shoe. I am a shoe collector and this is a favorite.
B00AONVVMO great shoe Son really likes this shoe. Its a nice fit and looks great.. Going to buy more in other colors. Thanks
B00AONW5CO Great driving shoe, just order at least one size higher than you wear. Good driving shoe.  Light weight and comfortable.  I found an 11.5 fit vs. my usual shoe of a 10 Wide.
B00AONW9JS Great shoe I use these shoes for practicing martial arts (Bagua, Cha Quan, and Chang Quan mostly) and they are awesome. I can turn easily on almost any surface but have great traction. The sole is soft enough that using them when sparring isn't a problem and they are really comfortable. The only reason it's not a 5 star in my mind is the sole of the shoe is a little bit small on the outside and inside edges of the foot, which can make balancing on one leg just slightly harder if I shift weight at all. If you aren't using this shoe for those sorts of position, you'll never notice. I know a lot of people are saying these are small shoes, and admittedly they are somewhat narrow, but the length is fine.
B00AONW9JS Pefect light weight shoe good for cheer leading We need a shoe for cheer leading that was light weight and durable. Puma has come through with this stylish leather shoe that weighs in at 8.3 oz. Compare that to most shoes weight of 2-3 pounds and it is easy to see why doing flips, jumps and stunts is easier in this perfect cheer shoe. Although there was some anxiety about sizing and ordering shoes online, there was no need to worry. This puma fits perfectly after ordering our normal size.
B00AONW9JS great shoe love the fit and the feeling of this shoe its like not having nothing on your feet at all. i would buy a few more pairs if i could.
B00AONW9JS The picture is deceptive The shoe has a nice style, and is very clean looking. But the picture is deceptive, it makes the shoe look larger then it really is. This is a very slim, narrow shoe. The sole of the show is thinner then my foot is. I can feel my foot expanding over the sole when I wear the shoe it due to the narrowness of the shoe itself. Its a good shoe, well put together and I like the style, but unfortunately it's not one I can wear very often.
B00AONW9JS good value Some what tight on the toes but still a comfortable shoe.  Very light and you barely know there on on
B00AONW9JS Nice shoe I really enjoy the look and feel of this shoe .I would recommend it to my friends any day. Thank you PUMA.
B00AONWIC6 A decent replacement for an old favorite For years and years, I've worn the Repli Cat line of Pumas. As an avid driving enthusiast, they are just about the best shoes I could find locally and I just got used to them.Well...Puma has discontinued that line, much to my dismay. But these are extremely similar, and while I still preferred the repli cats, these make do.They are great for driving, they are thin and flexible and offer a great deal of feedback through the pedal. The skinny profile also makes for a great heel-toe shoe. They are also nice and light, which helps a lot.As far as walking around, yes...I have always used these as my daily-driver. Would I recommend them? Well I guess that depends. The style is really hip, I love narrow profile shoes and there aren't many great choices out there that fit that bill. As far as comfort, they aren't BAD, but at the same time they are definitely not GREAT. I wouldn't suggest these if you are sensitive and need a nice supportive shoe, or if you are on your feet a lot for work or something. They also don't defend your foot at all since they are so thin (way less than a standard tennis shoe), so they aren't great for say a concert (I've lost a couple toe-nails to that).All in all, I'd recommend this shoe mostly to drivers, or people looking for this fashion. I'd recommend rethinking the purchase however if you spend a great deal of time on your feet.
B00AONWP6U Upgrade Your Style Sleek, very sharp and noticeable.  I have yet to see this shoe on anyone else.  Complemented and conversation starter.  I was surprised how many men had an interest in sneakers.  I didn't share my secret with these Puma's.  The laces sit to the left of center and offer a unique perspective to the wearer and those who view.  The material is thin and shoe itself is not very sturdy.  These shoes are for casual stepping out and not any sports activities where you will need stronger shoe.  Very satisfied with purchase.
B00AONWP6U Sizing is way off I loved the look of this shoe, sadly however I could barely get my toes into the shoe. I'm a true size 9 but these if I could guess the size were a 7. Very disappointing
B00AONWP6U Not for wide feet The shoes look amazing -- the orange really pops and the contrast between all three colors os great. They are also extremely lightweight. Construction seems good, with a very strong glue seeming to be the main component that holds everything together.That said, they are VERY uncomfortable for wide feet. Bought a half-size larger than I normally wear, and my toe still hits the end of the shoe -- they are barely long enough. For the width, at 30 years and in relatively good shape, for the first time in my life my feet actually hurt at the end of a day of wearing these, even a week later. There is almost no padding on the bottom of the shoe. Basically, you're looking at a mesh upper and a rubber outer sole. There is virtually no other element to this shoe, and it's very uncomfortable.I wanted to wear these for work, but it's going to be impossible given how uncomfortable they are.
B00AONWP6U Cool shoe, but very, very small for size I typically wear a 14, but in this shoe, I can't even get my foot into the shoe.  Style seems nice, but I can't begin to qualify the comfort since I can't even put them on.
B00AONWP6U Good Shoe I'm a walker and size 12D and I usually buy a 13D athletic shoe which typically allows for foot expansion. I bought the 12Ds because 13Ds weren't available. These Puma's are tight for a 12d and I can't wear them with socks, but barefoot they're not too bad. My toes ride right up against the toe of the shoe and after awhile they start to chafe. I'd recommend ordering at least a half size larger than you normally wear. Good looking shoe, I've had lots of compliments.
B00AONWP6U Great looking shoe This shoe is not only comfortable, but looks very sleek. The shoe does run 1/2 size small and is narrow. I read previous reviews and ordered 1/2 size larger than normal and the shoe fits perfect. If you have a wide foot, you probably don't want these. I personally loved the shoe so much, I got 2 additional pair in different colors.
B00AOOH730 First Puma shoe Nice looking shoe, well made and worth the price. Great shipping service- on time.
B00AOOH730 Great shoe for the price. Great comfortable casual shoe.  So happy with them I bought another pair to stick in the closet until these ones wear out. I probably wouldn't play sports in them, but they are a great walking around shoe.
B00AOOZ1OC . Cool shoe but they were too big for my son who is in track. They didn't have a smaller size available.
B00AOOZ1OC Irritates posterior side of heel This shoe has a lot of things going right, The color, the fit, the feel are all great, except for the back part of the shoe. Wear these shoes for a couple hours and you will have to cover your heel(s) with a band-aid.I would rate these a lot higher, but due to the rubbing of the back part of the shoe, it makes these shoes unfunctional and painful to wear.Overall i would not recommend Faas 100 r Glow Run... I would highly recommend the Bioweb type of Puma shoes
B00AOOZP3Y Great shoe This shoe fits very comfortably and also looks stylish. I've gotten many compliments while wearing the shoe and they are great to walk in as well
B00AOQ75LM Eye-Catcher The colors on this shoe are bold and stand out. The shoe runs 1/2 size small and is a bit narrow. Size-Up if ordering this shoe. The comfort is good, although it doesn't have a lot of support. Great shoe for casual wear. I would recommend this product.
B00AORB3DW Great looking shoe! Fit as expected and they look great - very happy with styling and quality of shoe from the appearance.  Haven't been worn yet so can't speak to that.
B00AORBTZY Ok shoe. Nice shoe! They do run small as other reviews stated. I'm glad I went 1/2 size up from my usual. The sole is very thin. Feels like my foot hangs over the sides. Hopefully they hold up
B00AORC57U Comfort and cool love this shoe and easy for getting around.
B00AORD1GO Bright, Bold Jeans Shoe Love the color; great casual shoe to wear with jeans. A bit snug for my wide-ish feet, but since they are soccer shoes, that's to be expected.
B00AWVS6QM Shoe is very narrow The shoe looks great.  This shoe was supposed to be 8.5 M.  I did not expect it to be so narrow.  I can not wear this shoe so I sent it back and received a prompt refund.
B00AY6107M Really Love this Shoe I love this shoe. I wish they came in size 15, but I'm able to fit into a 14 and still be comfortable. I only wear this for style purposes, but if the shoe was a bit larger I could see myself owning a few to run around it.
B00B1E4QSQ Runs small I like the look of these shoes (though I wouldn't mind if the side panels were less shiny), and the general feel of the shoe is lightweight and very comfortable. But they don't fit. I most often wear a 6, sometimes 6.5, and I ordered these in a 6.5; my big toe is pressed up against the toe of the shoe. It's not uncomfortable standing in them, but it's too tight for an athletic shoe in which I'll be going up and down hills and constantly moving around. Will try to exchange for a 7.
B00B1E4QSQ A little Underwhelmed I bought this shoe for a new work out regimen with hopes that it would have good grip since it was a cross training shoe.  I was disappointed with the performance of this shoe.  The grip was non-existence and made my work out even more difficult.  I also noticed knee pain I had not experienced previously with other shoes.  The fit is good and it looks great on but the actual performance of this shoe as a cross training shoe was lacking.
B00B1E4QSQ Nice shoe, but I should have ordered bigger. Very nice shoe. . . for my daughter who wears a 10 not for me at an 11. They are a tiny bit loose, but thick socks made the fit well enough. I am still looking for a good light well fitting shoe for walking/running.
B00B1E5NU6 Cool looking shoe. I'm a big fan of pumas, so I was pretty happy with how these look and feel.Note 1: Puma's run small, I usually wear an 11.5, but with Puma, a 12 is more comfortable.Note 2: My pair came with a smug of some kind of gunk on the right shoe's tongue.  Will contact the seller about this to either get them replaced or a refund.
B00B1E5NU6 Acceptable They fit great, the only issues I have are that the black on the right shoe came scratched and the shoe laces are extremely small. If you can to lave the shoe all the way to the top you would need to buy a bigger shoe lace. Besides that they are very comfortable, but do not do good in snow at all.
B00B4S2QUE Good Gorgeous gorgeous, I bought this shoe is nice for my sister, it's beautiful and is happy with this shoe, thanks
B00B4S5TRG Love the shoe! Very happy. Fit perfect and such a pretty shoe!Nice and lightweight also. Get lots of compliments on them!Fast delivery,too!
B00B4S5TRG comfy and stylish! Thanks Puma, this is an easy lightweight, comfortable shoe, that has a great finish to it... I will wear it well !
B00B4S5TRG fast and pretty these shoes are very comfortable, they shipped fast, I am not even a tennis shoe wear-er (if that's a word) but, I love the shoe!
B00B4S5TRG Not your average Puma I just received this shoe yesterday. This is one of the new Puma "eco lite" suede products that claim the shoe is extra light. Well, it is. It barely weighs anything. However, when I first opened the package, I really gave the shoe a good once-over because it is a cheaply made shoe. I was convinced that it wasn't truly a Puma product - usually well-made! The look of the shoe is awesome though. I got a high-five from my son and I can't wait to wear them. You can never really go wrong with Puma but just know that when you get this shoe it won't feel or act like a regular Puma suede.
B00B500BLW Good shoe Good shoe for the money. My 8 year old loved it. Wish it was made a little stronger...hope they last
B00B500BLW Wishing this model had real leather This is a good shoe. Was purchased a 1/2 size bigger because our experience with Pumas' is that they run a little small. This one fit good, my boy said they are comfortable and it's been the only shoe he wants to wear. I'm a fan of leather soccer shoes, wish these were. Still giving it 5 stars as the shoe is well made, good for soccer.
B00B500LGC Puma Indoor Soccer Cleat My daughter LOVES these puma indoor soccer shoe. She loves how the color on each shoe is different and fun. The side laces are great and the shoe fits as expected. These work perfect for her indoor soccer game on the turf surface.
B00B500LGC best indoor shoe ever I loved my indoor shoe it is very comfortable very fashionable and u can run better in them. I give a 5 stars to these shoes
B00B5ED00C Red Puma sneakers They are a beautiful red color with just enough height not to be a flat tennis shoe and not to look like a platform.  The leather is buttery soft and there was also green shoe lace in the shoe in addition to the white for extra color and fun.
B00B5EDEZI Great Shoe, but Order Them 1/2 Size Bigger I love Puma, and I wear them all the time. I am technically an 8.5, but I order 9's when ordering from PUMA and they always fit perfect. These shoes are adorable and comfortable, but I am partial. They were delivered within 48 hours with 2 different shoe laces, and they fit perfectly. The colors stand out, but they are not attention-seeking. Beautiful shoe with a lot of tread. Highly recommend.
B00B5GI762 Beautiful Shoe! This shoe is gorgeous, but i'm not sure it's true to size. I had 2 take off the pad in it for my nephew to wear it comfortably.
B00B5HUIO0 snug fit..cozy low top my son loves them....they fit was snug with great cushion on the bottom. This shoe matches every outfit which I love...he can wear crazy shirts from grandma and have a neutral shoe
B00B5HUIO0 good shoe i like it. Great shoe.
B00B5KZACC was this shoe used? I bought this shoe for my kid under the pretense that it was a new shoe (never worn). When I got it, all tags were attached, but the bottoms were full of dirt/sand.If you are going to sell used products as if they were new, please use enough common sense to clean (the shoe bottoms) before selling.
B00B5LHG82 Very nice shoe Very sporty, great priceSize runs a bit large but great for growing kidsGreat addition to the shoe closet
B00B5W0FHK Puma Drift Cat, Leather Sneaker This is an AWESOME shoe! I ordered it the 1st time around in a size 11.5 for my 5 y/o son, and it was a little snug... But we liked it so much, I turned right around and ordered it again in a 12.5! This shoe is sleek, comfy, and easy for little hands to take on & off. I really like the way the velcro closures are done.
B00B5W0FHK Great shoe Always love to buy Pumas for my kids!  They are very soft and comfortable for the to run and play in. They hold up well.  Would definitely buy again.
B00B5W0FHK Great shoe Fits as expected. My little guy can walk and run easily. Good quality shoe. I will continue to buy Pumas for my son in the future.
B00B5W0FHK Great Shoe Great looking shoe. My son loves it. Good fit and very comfortable. Looking for other styles with Puma. Keep up the good work
B00B5W0UUW So glad to find a bigger size shoe with velcro So glad to find a bigger size shoe with velcro.  My 5 year old has big feet and hasn't mastered tying her shoe laces.  These are great!
B00B5W0UUW Great shoe The shoe was Great fit and she loved the shoes for the first day of school. Highly recommend this shoe.
B00B5W0UUW Great shoe This is a cute looking shoe, but you have to remember that Puma runs small.  Otherwise, would recommend it to anyone.
B00B7LUG00 very pleased not a bad looking shoe in person and is very comfortable.  Inside the shoe it says running but on the amazon site it is listed as a crosstrainer.  Holding up well in cross training.  I would not use for anything really strenuous and expect them to last long.
B00B7LUG00 As advertised Fit and finish as described. I'm pleased with the color, comfort and overall performance of this shoe. Would buy again.
B00B7LUG00 Great shoe, too narrow. Shoe was too narrow. Light weight. Good looking, need size 14 2E. Construction of the shoe was excelent. Could not determine how durable the shoe was,
B00B7LUG00 good shoe gave it a 4 star just because plastic on tongue looks kinda cheesy, otherwise has worked great in the gym
B00B7LUG00 Great cross country shoe. Great cross country shoe and at a very good price. Good quality. Might want to consider one shoe size bigger.
B00B7LUG00 Good  shoe but not great. I'm a New Balance wearer but I've wanted to try Puma's for sometime mainly because of their style options and colors.  I got these as a cross training shoe for basic workouts and I usually wear a 9 1/2 and I'm flat footed.  I tried the 9 1/2's but were a bit snug in the arch area so I got a 10.  They fit o.k. but not great and cushioning and heel support is good but not as great as I expected.  Next time I may try the Faas series which I've read provide more support for those with flat feet.
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable Fitting Shoe I needed a new athletic shoe for physical rehabilitation, and was a little dubious about trying thisshoe sight-unseen.  I was  pleasantly surprised with the comfort of the shoe--nice width, and feels goodon the treadmill.  The is a little tightness across the top, but this should pass once the shoe stretchesa little.  All things considered, a superior product.
B00B7LUG00 These shoes are OK I like the sole of the shoe, but the top of the shoe, for me, should be more rigid. They will good for everyday around town type walking, but not for heavy cross-training. For the price, you get what you pay for.
B00B7LUG00 great shoe ordered shoe to wear on hard work surface ... great fit and comfort for 8 hour work day ... definitely recommend ... size as expected
B00B7LUG00 A bit tight, but satisfactory While shoemakers' lasts and designs differ, it's rare that a standard men's size 9 is too tight. These proved marginally so, but will probably loosen up a bit after more wearing. If you foot is on the wide side you might want to go up a half size. The shoe seems to be subtantially made, though I'm no expert on shoe construction. I agree with another reviewer who criticised the lack of a heel tab to help pull the shoe on.
B00B7LUG00 Puma Suga Cross Trainer Great looking shoe, good fit,  but disappointed in quality..the plastic type material in the tongue part of the shoe is cracking already & only had them 2 weeks for casual walking
B00B7LUG00 Shoe is OK Bought the shoe for myself to wear because it is our school colors. Took about a week of wear for it to look a little scruffy. Don't think I would not buy the shoe again. I have had Pumas before and have been very happy with them.
B00B7LUG00 PUMA Men's Mell Es Suga Cross-Training Shoe Great Cross Training Shoe. Comfortable during 2 hours of elliptical, with very little ill effects.Fits better than some of the higher priced competitors.
B00B7LUG00 Excellent Cross - Training Shoe I recommend anyone to buy them This is an amazing shoe , great price and great comfort , excellent Cross-Training Shoe. Its a 5 star shoe compare to others brand as Nike ,  Mitzuno , Assics.
B00B7LUG00 A very good shoe. A little small so I gave them ... A very good shoe.  A little small so I gave them to my grandson...he loves them!!
B00B7LUG00 Good shoe! Good shoe!
B00B7LUG00 Ask them to remove the magnetic tag! Tell them to remove the magnetic tag before they send the shoe. I had to spend a half hour breaking the tag and also my new shoe got dirty in the process. A very bad experience.The shoe was really good though. 5 stars for the shoe alone. 1 star gone for the tag!
B00B7LUKAQ Just ok I like the Puma look and style but comfort isn't good.  You can feel the balls on the sole of the shoe and it isn't comfortable.  Would not buy again but didn't want to bother with a return.  I wear them ocassionally when I'm not going to be walking a lot.
B00B7LUYFC Training puma shoe I was happy on this training puma shoe.was so light and feel very comfortable when i put on.I recommended to all buyers amazon to buy.I feel have no problems onThis training shoe.
B00B7LUYFC Great Shoe This is a great shoe so far. I look forward to seeing how long they last me and how much more comfortable they become after I break them in.
B00B7LUYFC Great Shoe Puma is really stepping up its game. Great all purpose running/gym shoe. Fit true to size and will buy again.
B00B7LUYFC Good cross trainer Great cross training shoe, I use it daily and have not had any issues. I would recommend this shoe! Actually just purchased a second pair.
B00B7LV3UC A Dream Maternity Shoe If not for this shoe while pregnant, I believe that I'd honestly be barefoot & pregnant with very few options.  My feet have swollen a great deal, so the fact that this shoe only covers my toes and heels is an absolute dream.  I came online to order a few more pair to get me through this.  They are also extremely comfortable as well as flexible!
B00B7LVTOC always loved this shoe I've bought many of them in the past, not as much for playing tennis but for casual wearing. I just like this style shoe. This particular one had a different pattern so I went for it.
B00B7LVTOC Great shoe that is stylish! I really like the fit, they are not super cushy on the foot but they are comfortable. A shoe insert would make them very cushy.
B00B9ZDQA6 Great shoe! Tight fit, though I love this shoe- very light, comfortable, and stylish. However, like other Puma shoes, I found it to be tight. I normally wear a 12, but I had to return a pair and replace them with a size 13 for these.
B00B9ZDQA6 great shoe I wear these almost every day, comfortable and true to size. Would buy these again when these need to be replaced.
B00BAXWTT6 Very stylish Great shoe. My son thought they very very comfortable & easy for a kid to put on. Very versatile shoe
B00BAZGA8A Children's Shoes. I alway's buy my shoe's here because they have the right ones I like and the half size's, That is hard to find for children her age. The price on the shoe's are good.Thank YouJoanne Sutherland
B00BAZKORS second order of this shoe My daughter out grew a size 1.  I immediately bought her a size 2.  I don't think she'll ever get sick of this shoe!lol She's flat footed, and swears they are the best.  I watch her put them on everyday, and she never wears anything uncomfortable.
B00BMCFZNM Great Crossover Shoe -- very light I enjoy this shoe as more of a crossover from training to casual.  Probably not for the gritty trainer because it does not appear to be overly durable.  I will more than likely buy another.
B00BYKA6OA Great fit! I wear a size 14 men's shoe and these fit perfect!  They reach just to the ankle and are very comfortable.
B00C5UNM0I Nice looking shoe The shore looks great. The only comment about the shoe would be that the shoe fit was a little narrow initially, but loosened up a little after the first couple of wears. The more I wear them the better they feel.
B00C5UOFS6 Have 3 pairs.... I have this shoe in 3 different colors and I wanted a yellow shoe.....however this shoe is not YELLOW !!!! It is actually more orange than anything, so basically if your looking for yellow do not purchase this pair.  I was a little disappointed after opening them but I thought the color they were was also ok....so I kept them.
B00C5UOVBC great shoe Good looking shoe.Got a few compliments from co-workers.Very comfortable and they fit great.I wore puma shoes when I was younger and ran track.
B00C5UOVBC Nice shoe I have received many compliments for these running shoes and would like to point out that the tongue is not independent of the shoe and is sewn to the upper.  This make the shoe-technically a slip-on.  I have never had a running shoe quite like that before, and it did take a little getting used to.
B00C5UPSS2 Color in picture is off, but otherwise awesome shoe! The color is orange, not yellow like the picture. The shoe still looks great and I am happy with the purchase.
B00C699NTC Pretty good shoes These shoes are pretty nice.  Before I even go any further, let me just say I'm glad I took the advice of the other reviewers and ordered a half-size larger than I usually wear, because it was definitely the right call.They are extremely lightweight, and the tread and grip is pretty nice.  They came with two sets of laces which was a super nice touch, they come with the fat black laces shown in the photo, and also came with a black/white/grey braided cord style lace, which I opted to install on the shoe over the straight black.It adds a lot of contrast to the top of the shoe, which in my opinion, make the shoe look better.  To each their own though, some may prefer the murdered out black look.As with other Puma's I have owned, the white stripe at the bottom gets dirty very easily.  The material is somewhat difficult to clean, so you need to stay on top of it.  Although the will to meticulously clean them only lasts so long, and after some months go by you don't do it as frequently, and eventually only do it occasionally.  When you wait too long, it's hard to clean.  Tip though, try to use a magic eraser on it, it seems to work pretty good.The stitching was all pretty good, very uniform and no loose threads.As for comfort... well they seem to run a little slim, make sure to loosen your laces a little bit so your foot has more room to spread out after you put weight on it.  Also, it always takes a while to break in new shoes, so make sure to consider that as well.The second day I wore these out was much better than the first, I also had to loosen the laces on my right shoe a second time though, as it was still seeming a little bit tight.Overall, a good shoe, the price isn't too bonkers, and they look very nice.
B00C6AH8J8 A very good buy Its a beautiful shoe and the fit is awesome. I am so glad that i decided to buy this shoe
B00C6AH8J8 Awesome Shoe This is a great versatile shoe. It looks good, feels comfortable and fits as it should. Definitely going to buy more Pumas.
B00C6AH8J8 Good shoe as promised I'm happy with these shoes. For under 30 dollars they were a good deal. They will make a good kick around shoe for spring and summer. The front upper is actually leather. The back half of the upper some sort of synthetic material, not canvas. They have a comfortable feel and fit well. Overall I am happy with this shoe.
B00C6AIR2U just ok. I was looking for a mature looking shoe to go with different outfits....this was not the shoe! These shoes have a very cheap looking shoe. The pleather on the tounge was horrific.Amazon is awesome though. They returned the shoes with out a problem.
B00C6AIR2U Tight I don't consider my foot to be wide, but these fit a bit too glove like. Otherwise they appear well made and are lightweight. I use as a gym workout  shoe. They would certainly not be my choice for a game shoe.
B00C6BOILS Great Shoe This shoe turned out to be great and I only hope it is durable and lasts the test of time.  The product is very sleek and I'll make good use of it.
B00C6BOILS cool shoes Comfortable shoe, and stylish. Can't put extra insoles in them, because the shoe sits low.
B00C6BOILS Not as expected The picture of the shoe looks black on grey, but that is not the case. The whole shoe is black minus the middle and they are uncomfortable.
B00C6BPP10 Very comfortable shoe, but runs small I usually wear a 8.5 but I ended up having to get a 9.5 in this shoe. Once I got the right size, these shoes have been great! Very stylish and also very comfortable.
B00C6BUJDY Great shoe. The shoe fit good and looks good on my feet. I have a pair of grey and coral color ones as well.
B00C6BUJDY The Perfect Cute Wedge Tennis Shoe The shoe is so cute, that I had a few guys compliment my shoes.  They are comfortable.  I ordered the shoe a 1/2 size bigger because Puma shoes tend to run small. But this is my best tennis shoe ever.
B00C6BUJDY good looking shoe These sneakers are fairly comfortable but I cant seem to wear them for more than a couple of hours at a time. There's some discomfort between where the laces end and the Velcro straps begin. It feels like the tongue of the shoe is slipping and bending into my foot.  I'm gonna try some inserts and see if that helps because I absoloutely love the way they look.
B00C6EVTUS arch hits way back on the foot - not at all comfortable I own two other pair of puma shoes, one of which is a sneaker not too different from this one, so I wasn't worried about ordering this shoe in the same size. i thought it would fit.  It is not one bit comfortable.  I have always thought my arches were in a pretty typical spot on my foot.  In these shoes, there is an arch support, but it is further back than in any other shoe I've ever tried. About an inch further back toward the heel than i expected.  Otherwise, this shoe is the exact right size (length and width), just what I had expected.  I ordered this hoping for a lightweight shoe that would be comfortable in warm weather.  It's not comfortable as is, and I'm thinking if i add an extra insole of some sort, it won't be as lightweight as i'd like it to be.  I'll have to return it.
B00C6EVTUS Too flat, not as stylish as I hoped. I don't normally wear PUMA, but thought I'd give these a try. I did not like the look of this shoe at all. They made my feet look huge and the shoe itself is very flat and low profile. I returned them and opted for animal print Nike's.
B00C6EVTUS Great shoe What a cutie of a shoe have a running outfit that goes with it. It's. A very comfortable shoe but it will pop on your foot.
B00C6EW87G Shoe is Incredibly Thin and Small I love the style of this shoe, but it is incredibly thin. I wear a size 9, but would need at least a 10 in this shoe. Buyer beware; I'd suggest buying this shoe in a store if you can. Other than that it is constructed well and seems like it would last a long time.
B00C6EW87G i love these shoes they are the ultimate comfy/ cute/ athletic without being over sporty shoe. im in to the thin form fited track shoe style. unfortunately now it seems u can only find that if its a track shoe and in that case it has spikes on the bottom. not exactly floor friendly. well this shoe is so far the closest to my wants as anything has gotten
B00C6EW87G Noise in the shoe They do run small. I like the laces and the lightness of the shoe. I do not like that the sole are sticky, and make a noise when training on a wood floor. I wanted them to be more smooth when working out on a wood floor. For my foot it would be good if they were cut a little wider too.
B00C6EW87G Love Puma/only Do love the Puma lace-up shoe.  Fit great, feel marvelous all day long; the only thing I would like to know is, 'how do others keep the d--- shoe laces tied?  They are so slippery they untie themselves and one finds oneself tie, tie, tie, after walking no so many miles.  Would be enough to turn me into another shoe seeker. HELP!!
B00C6EW87G I love this shoe! Love this shoe! Comfortable! Great for weight lifting! I want 10 more pairs! Runs small I bought a 10, I'm normally a 9.5.
B00C6EW87G Great shoes! I was really excited when I received these shoes. The colors are bright, the shoe is comfortable and over all very cute! My disappointment came after I realized I had chosen them too small.. The adv for the shoe does say the shoe runs a size smaller, I just didnt see it.Over all I think its a great shoe.. Just make sure you get the right size. I will be exchanging the shoe, if stock available.
B00C6FBWX6 Excellent Work Out Shoe I purchased this shoe for my Zumba workouts.  I was a little worried because of reviews complaining about the fit.  The shoe is light-weight and fits snugly, but perfectly comfortably.  I was a little disappointed with the color, though, which is not quite as depicted and much more red than pink.
B00C6FBWX6 I can't believe it! I ordered this shoe sometime before Christmas and only just decided to try it on! I could not believe that it is about a size too small!!!First I tried it on with socks then I had to take them off to force my foot in....sigh I can't believe that it took me this long to discover that the shoe does not fit! It's like a relationship horror story lol.The shoe looks awesome just like the image- actually even better! And so pleased was I with how my purchase looked that I didn't want to disturb it's newness, so put it in the cute carrying case it comes in and put it under my tree until now, to get the shock of my life! I just have to laugh at myself yes. What more can I do so very long after the fact. This is hilarious.But seriously this shoe runs about a size small so you can feel free to buy it cause it looks and feels the part, that is if it can get on your foot. Even slackening the laces will not help because it's a fitted shoe really like mock socks. So I'll try to return them for a bigger size because they are really pretty just unbelievably small. Sigh.
B00CAJT9OW Great buy!! Great shoe fits well for wider foot and a very good price for a child's shoe and very fast delivery
B00CAJUT96 Just OK... I wanted this shoe in Black and Blue, but they didn't have my size.  The shoe is ok.  Runs a little small and it looks more like a water shoe.  Very lite, so I will use it...
B00CAJUUVS Wrong shoe They were the wrong shoe. Not the shoe I ordered and they were way too large. I am sending them back
B00CAJXM0Y Low Quality, Not A Running Shoe Every athletic shoe store I spoke with agreed that this shoe was not built for running.There are a number of visual indicators that the manufacturing quality is much lower than would be expected from a name brand, $70 pair of shoes. After a month of little use, the fabric of the outer part of the shoe began to fray and split open.I don't know if this is a reflection on Puma or if this is a fake, but I do not recommend this to anyone.
B00CAJXZTM good shoe They are a little too large, This shoe should be ordered a half size smaller. What else to say ok?
B00CAJZDHY Sleek Tomato Runner Love the light weight, well cushioned feel of this shoe...Great Summer running shoe with the mesh foot design..I normally wear a 10M and decided to get a 10.5....Glad I did, because it fit like a 10.  About to go out and experience the feel of it once it hit the blacktop. Love the way all of my Puma's feel during my runs...I keep coming back to them!!
B00CAJZDHY I love this shoe I love these Puma shoes...this shoe looks great!! My wife said of all of my running shoes these are her favorite pair. They look absolutely FLY with a pair of jeans and are VERY comfortable. If you never bought a Puma or it has been a while since you have a good rule is to buy 1 size up as the Puma is generally narrow so your exact size will probably be a bit uncomfortable. This is a well constructed shoe and you can not beat the price...I promise you will not be disappointed with this shoe.
B00CAK38DY Sold in the women's shoe section on Amazon but not a women's shoe Mobiums are a great shoe. This shoe is, however, misrepresented as a women's shoe. It's a men's shoe, so make sure to order two sizes down. I didn't and it was a waste of express shipping.
B00CAK38DY Good shoe...just didn't fit. Good shoe but it just didn't fit.  I ordered my size but the shoe was too large even with socks. I would advise anyone interested to order your shoe a size smaller than you wear.
B00CAK38DY LOVE IT This is a great fitting shoe. I like the fact that fits my foot like a glove. The fact that it glows in the dark is amazing. It really shows off in the dark. Love this shoe.
B00CAK38DY Very painful pinch due to trim on shoe not size I was disappointed to have to return these shoes, because I have very high arches and the arch support was great. Unfortunately, the trim on the outer side of the shoe was so uncomfortable that I had to take them off within 5 minutes and all I did was walk a few feet from living room into kitchen. My foot was throbbing for quite a while afterwards. I have very sensitive feet, so they might fit someone else better. It was so easy to return that I recommend trying them to decide if they are for you. I it a nice looking shoe; better looking than pictured.
B00CAK38DY Not the most comfortable shoe It fits, but it is not the most comfortable shoe.  I is the kind of shoe you wear then take off the minute you get home.  I like the Glow in the Dark feature.  Main reason I like wearing it.
B00CAK5SHS Great trail runner First of all, let me get the &#34;caveat&#34; out of the way.  If you are looking for a &#34;hybrid&#34; running shoe, which is to say, one  that you can run on trails as well as pavement, this is NOT it.  This shoe is exactly what it is advertised...a trail runner.  Period.  Walking or running on pavement feels very strange.  The best way I can put it, is that it feels like a wire-bristle doghair brush strapped to each foot, and walking bristle-side-down on them.Where this shoe belongs is in the dirt, mud, rocks, grass, and gravel.  And once in any of those places, it is fantastic!  The tread grips the off road surfaces like a... well, just like a puma's claw.  You can clearly tell that the shoe's designers did their homework with the tread, and didn't just randomly throw on a bunch of lugs and deep grooves with no rhyme or reason.  The traction on ascents, descents, sharp curves, over obstacles, through wet and dry conditions, is beyond impressive, in my opinion.  It is very well-cushioned and gives a soft ride.  While not exactly in the Hoka OneOne category, it is definitely not a barefoot shoe either.  But it not a heavy shoe.  You can go all day in this, and not feel like you're wearing combat boots.  As far as stability and motion-control, the best I can describe is that it feels like a lot of Brooks Adrenalines that I've worn in the past.  It is built as well, or better than, anything by any premium running shoe company out there.In short, I love this shoe.  It has totally reenergized and revitalized my trail-running.I am kind of sad that I had to buy this shoe through Amazon.  But only because I checked the official Puma website first, and they do not offer it there anymore, which leads me to believe that they don't make it anymore.  That's too bad.  Hopefully they bring it back or replace it with something just as good.
B00CAK5SHS Shoe fits very snug I should of purchased a 13 as the shoe fits very snug. Also if you have wider feet then do consider jumping maybe two sizes. I went up one size but it wasn't enough. Despite that I took them out for two runs and felt great with them. Once I got past the fact they were tight I enjoyed the shoes.I'm hoping by wearing them daily I will break them in were its reasonably comfortable.
B00CAK67V4 Great shoe! Bought pair as a gift and was pleasantly surpised by the light weight and quality.  It is difficult to see from the on-line picture but the puma signature design on the side of the shoe has a glitter/shimmer quality to it.
B00CAK67V4 Great Quality! The shoe is as promised I just misjudged the size. I really like my purchase and would not return it!
B00CAK6FVQ Very uncomfortable This was the most uncomfortable athletic shoe I have worn. The toe box area is too inflexible, flat and tight. I will never wear this shoe again.
B00CAK8UJ6 Puma's Run Small These are somewhat pricey but they are like no other Puma shoe. There is no other design for a brown casual shoe that compares to this. I docked it one star because they are expensive.
B00COJYZXS Good fit Receive the shoe on time ,it fit at I expected .Overall the shoe fit and comfortable .Can expected more with that price!
B00CRBE7F4 Great Shoe! Snug/Perfect Fit! I've spent 2 weeks with this shoe now. NO blisters (Yay!) Also, even though my feet sweat like CRAZY, it still has the new shoe smell. Whatever size your regular tennis show is, that is the size to order. These shoes are snug, but perfect. The synthetic yellow has not peeled or scratched at all after heavy soccer use. The leather on this shoe is amazing! I have so much more ball control than I did before. Also, the ankle support is PHENOMENAL! I have weak ankles, and even when I'm hacked at, the ankle protects great. The arch support is good, but nothing special, however the cushioning is very comfortable. The shoe laces have not come undone ONCE in a game, which is wonderful. Definitley worth $45! If you're a soccer player or just looking for a flashy shoe, this is a pretty great bet.SHIPPING wise, the package arrived through FedEx a day EARLY...could not be happier, thanks Amazon!
B00CWL2EWC Love this This is a great shoe. Super comfy and it fits true to size. The fact that it's a sneaker wedge isn't obvious and I wish it was but I'm not really complaining. The puma swipe actually has a touch of sparkle in it which is a nice detail, but it's very subtle and not over done to make you feel like you're wearing a kiddie shoe.
B00D44LD7I Great shoe overall The only downside to these shoes would to there in no arch support inside the shoe so it doesn't feel a bit awkward when getting used to the shoes.
B00DHJQ39S Most comfortable shoe ever! Very comfortable playing golf the first day wearing them. Lots of compliments on the looks. Fit is true to size. A good summer shoe. Not sure if they are waterproof though.
B00DHJQ39S A comfort golf shoe Love them! The most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn. Plus they look great so you can't beat it!
B00DHJRKU4 About this shoe I like this shoe it fit's as expected the color is good and easy on the eyes the bottom grips well and once you break them in they're even more comfortable. I played two rounds in them when I first got them just to make sure that they could hold up and they did. I also like the fact that all of the shoes material is wipe able. I would recommend this shoe to a friend, but buy a different color than purple I like the thought that I'm the only guy out here playing in purple
B00DHJT5PC Painful to say, but this shoe didn't work for me I currently own 6 pairs of Puma shoes, and have had many in the past. This was my first Puma golf shoe. The fit is totally off. All of my others have been a size 13. The 13 in these was way too big. After I exchanged them for the 12, those were way too small. Besides the crazy sizing, the toe seems rather narrow compared to other golf shoes that I have owned. This may have been what was throwing the size off. Other than those two things, the shoe looks nice. I have always worn Footjoys on the course, and it looks like I am going to be sticking with them.
B00DHJU5KG Comfortable, good looking shoe Really happy with this extremely light and omfortable golf shoe.Speedy delivery as usual from Amazon .
B00DHJUCR2 Great golf shoe! They are the most comfortable golf shoe. I like the way that they fit. I would recommend them to any skill level golfer.
B00DNNO40I great once they've been broken in A very comfortable running shoe ... but a little tough to break in ... I have wide feet, so it usually takes a bit longer for me to break in a shoe ... wish they had a wide size ... still, overall one of the best shoes I've owned
B00DNNOGEW Great shoe Light weight, fits perfect.
B00DNNS6ZM nice looking shoe very comfortable, I was able to walk around Disneyland for many hours with out any pain or being uncomfortable. The shoe seems to be a bit too big. My other size 9 PUMA fit perfectly.
B00DNNUQN2 Just what I was looking for!  No bulky padding! I was looking for a shoe that didn't have lots of padding on the inside of the upper.  I have been having a hard time finding a shoe that didn't rub blisters into my heal from excess padding.This shoe is great for me!  I'm 5'11 with a wide foot.  This shoe is great.  The toe box is nice and wide.  There is no bulky tongue to slide around as I run.  The tongue has no padding on it and is attached to the shoe.  The fabric on the inside of the shoe by the heal is very soft, not a scratchy outer material.I think that if you are looking for a minimalist shoe for trail running or treadmill time these are great.  They have been great for me at least.
B00DNNUQN2 Wasnt what I expected I returned the shoe. I din't like the material, also I wanted to use them for step, corebar, body pump, and body combat. They did not give me the support I need. I'm sure it's a great shoe but just not for me.
B00DNNUQN2 Best Buy A perfect fit. Very comfortable. Excellent for walking. I bought the green and it is a beautiful shoe.
B00DNNUQN2 forever puma!!! I do a lot of walking during my day. All I wear is puma. I really don't care for the new style of the tongue. It is attached to the side of the shoe. So getting your foot in the shoe can be a pain if you have thicker socks on. But they are very comfortable to wear all day. I would buy another pair. Plus they look great! They are a great summer shoe, they really breathe.
B00DNNZYZ2 So comfy! These shoes are awesome! And so so so comfortable! I would definitely recommend this product to any one that is looking for a great shoe!
B00DNO0QRC loved the shoe. Bought these for my husband and he loved them. He liked the quality of the shoe. Would definitely buy again
B00DNO0QRC Not the quality of shoe that Puma used to be ... Not the quality of shoe that Puma used to be when I wore them years ago. If you can get them for $20, get them, that is about what they are worth!
B00DOE8S9O puma EL are the best shoes This shoe is 100% all rubber.  I was actually pleased by this because I plan on wearing these during the rainy winter months on the northeast coast.  However, one thing I did notice was that the top of the back heel felt hard against my Achilles tendon.  It didn't cause a blister or anything like that but I suspect it was just the shoe needs to be broken in after another day or two.Puma really is the best shoe out there!  The comfort band around the arch is well worth it!
B00DOEFG4Y Cool Summer Shoe I'm a Pumaholic. I own 20+ pairs in a variety of styles. This shoe is as retro stylish and comfortable as any of them.The lone criticism I could level at this particular shoe is that the formstripe is made of a fabric that easily picks up dirt and doesn't appear to be as easy to clean leather, suede or a synthetic material.All in all, I'm very pleased with the sneaker and look forward to rocking them throughout the hot Southeastern summer.
B00DOEFG4Y No complaints Good value shoe that is comfortable for walking and looks good. I had the same shoe for 2 years and replaced in kind.
B00DOEFG4Y great great shoe my favorite shoe of all time. looks cool and incredibly comfortable. cant believe they have 67 colors of the suede pumas but only a few colors in the benny. the suede pumas are brutal on your feet, in my opinion.
B00DOELNTQ I love the this shoe I wore it them in Miami ... I love the this shoe I wore it them in Miami the girls were looking at me like a piece of meat but the only thing is most of my shoes are 10-10.5 but I shud have gotten a size 11 b'cuz they are very narrow!
B00DOFYPSG NIce simple driving shoe for occasional use This is a nicely made driving shoe for occasional use. After all it is only an $80 shoe, just what you would expect from a shoe priced in this category fit was about 1/2 size more than a normal street shoe; and about a 1/2 size less than my normal New Balance size (NB runs one size more than normal street shoes)The trim outline of the shoe aids in driving small sports cars with narrow clutch/brake areas.
B00DOG1Q96 Great shoe Great shoe! Fit snug and very grippy. They do surprisingly well in the snow, expected to slide more. I would purchase again.
B00DOG55AW Puma is up there with the top shoe companies! Love the way it fits it is definitely a must buy shoe. Once you go puma you'll always be a fan.
B00DOG55AW great shoe though double think the size you order You should really consider what size you are because a 7 1/2 usually fits me. Though this time it fit a little small. I had to send it back and make a completely different order. So do your research before hand. Other than that the shoe looked good and is a puma shoe so not much more needs to be written.
B00DOG55AW For those who like Ferrari, enjoy this leather shoe confortably Nicely made good quality shoe. Needless to say it is a joy for the Ferrari fan.
B00DOG55AW I love this shoe. This is 4 stars instead of 5 because I saw a slight small rub on the black stripe part of the shoe, and a couple of loose strings at the stitching that I cut off with a scissor. I have reason to believe it was a shoe that was returned or worn, but tried to overlook it. I looked so carefully into it because I thought the shoe was beautiful and could have it in a glass showcase. I tried it on at the store first to know my exact size for the shoe because I know it runs small. I had an old pair of Speedcat's that I love, but worn only a few times because of sizing problems. My shoe size is 9 or 9.5. I got a 10.5 and it feels comfortable. Almost got the 10, but luckily I tried 10.5.
B00DOJIJMA Perfection in a shoe Inexpensive. Great grip. Outstanding comfort. I would highly recommend this shoe for anyone that is playing on turf. A lot of the reviews complain about them being too tight, but they are meant to feel and fit tighter than a casual or running shoe. I found that they were exactly true to size and got used to the shoe hugging my foot immediately. I used them in a game last night and felt an instant difference.
B00DOL32BQ Excellent shoe Excellent soccer shoe, great disign and good quality material. They are comfortable to run and shock resistantI recommend to buy
B00DQYMIQG Classy Euro Look If you are a true size 11, you may want to purchase the 10.5 as this shoe runs a little large.  I like the look of the shoe as it is not your typical top-sider, not that there is anything wrong with a that, you just don't see this particular fabric, color, nor style everywhere.  I'm very pleased with my purchase.  The hard part's going to be keeping them clean.
B00DQYMIQG Good quality shoe I spotted this shoe at DSW, but they had every size except mine. I already know what size I fit in Puma's, so the fact that Amazon carried this model made me ecstatic. It fit just as expected.
B00DQYMIQG Nice light, casual shoe. This is a very lightweight shoe.  Very comfortable.  The weight and width remind me of a 'driving' shoe.  Very nice quality and great colors for casual wear.
B00DQYMIQG Great shoe This is a great shoe. Super comfortable. Very stylish and off the beaten path. I get comments on them every time I wear them. Not a serious athletic shoe but a great casual kick. I have the beige with blue stripe and wear them with jeans or shorts. Blue stripe works with the jeans. I highly recommend them.
B00DS3QSO8 Comfortable Shoe This Shoe is very comfortable for a walking shoe but this shoe does not provide enough cushioning for a Running Shoe the insole this shoe comes with is very flat and flimsy I would recommend that the insoles that are in this shoe be replaced with a Custom orthotic insole . I would recommend this shoe for people who are on there feet all day that are looking for a comfortable walking shoe.
B00DU0L7PE very rigid shoe The shoe looks great, but it does not allow for the natural movement of the foot.  It causes my son to walk funny.
B00DUGLEYM small fit but great shoe Lucky I read the comments before ordering. got a US9 for my son who wears US8 (just) in other brands and the pumas fit the same. so definitely run small. great shoe otherwise
B00DUJ90UO easiest shoe to put on/take off of a baby! The one velcro strap holds shoe in place,  the two elastic bands stretch perfectly while struggling to put the shoe on the baby, makes it such a great convenience.  The tongue doesn't bind up when stuffing that chubby foot inside.  Granted we bought these used at a second hand store for $12, we lost one and now are buying the next size up for full price, that's how much we liked them.
B00DULUOWU Really sharp looking shoe My son had been wearing a size 1 1/2 & this 2 is a little snug.  He's a kid so he doesn't care, but I would have bought a 1/2 size bigger.  He loves the lightness of the shoes.  I hope they hold up, but we have never purchased this type of shoe before.
B00DY6160A Just a skoosh too large Not uncomfortable, but a bit loose for a shoe I am not wearing socks with. Not worth the return as I am sure the 6.5 will be too small. Otherwise a great shoe. I wish it would warm up so I could break them in.
B00DY6160A Fantastic shoe! I always buy thin sole shoes, but I needed something with a tad more umph  for work.  This shoe wears just that way.  This can be worn for light wear all the way to a running shoe.  Good job again Puma.
B00DY6160A Puma women's asha shoe They are very comfortable and fit perfect. The only thing I noticed it that the inside sole on the left shoe does not go all the way to the tip of the toe of the shoe, there is a gap. Hoping it does not get worse. Love them otherwise!
B00DY6160A Not Puma Best I love the look but the fit is not so good, it's a very thin shoe!  No support.they need a insert.
B00DY6160A Great shoe!! I have this shoe in the orange color....very comfy!! Loads of compliments.
B00DY6160A Workmanship The shoes fit perfectly. Not too big and not too small. Just the right size.The shoes are comfortable also but workmanship not very good.The stiches started to come off on the 2nd day itself for the left shoe and after 4-5 days the right shoe stiches came out as well.5stars for comfort & design.2 star for workmanship.
B00DY75DWQ Too light for cross training These shoes look great, are very comfortable and very light. However, with the amount of movement one usually does in cross training they take a beating a little too quickly. With the quick pivot foot movements you do the foot slides a little too much and you don't feel like you have good traction inside the shoe. Due to the foot sliding some of the decals started to lift after a couple months.  Still, four stars because it's a good shoe just not for cross training.
B00DY77J28 I absolutely love this shoe I was comparing the price of this shoe to other sellers and I got the absolutely best value here on Amazon!I get compliments from everyone and the style and fits is 100% on point. Thanks
B00EDOMUYI Nice Puma cases running shoe Nice looking shoe. It felt too small for me however I vary between 9.5 and 10 depending on brand. This is an attractive shoe for casual wear. Would not recommend for serious runners as there's not much support.
B00EDOMUYI PUMA I purchased this shoe for my grandson but have not given to him yet.  The shoe is really what I expected, the price was reasonable.  Since he has not worn the shoe yet I cannot rate it reliability.  The quality appears to be excellent.  I would rate what I know today as a 4 star.
B00EDOMUYI Great shoe for the sale price! The shoe fit exactly as expected and was an outstanding value for the sale price at the time.
B00EDOMUYI Great Shoe! Great Shoe! I love these. Get Complements all the time. They are comfy and look great! What else do you want in a shoe?
B00EDOMUYI Good running shoe. Very light shoe, it might squeeze your toes a bit. I normally wear a 10.5, and if I order again I'll get a size 11.
B00EDOMUYI Surprise at how comfortable this fit for a shoe of this price Years ago, I had a pair of PUMA shoes and hated it. It didn't fit my feet well and the design just wasn't attractive.When Amazon has a deal of the day with this (so I ended up paying less than $40), I decided to give PUMA another shot. With shoes costing over $100 (for a Nike and Asics loyalist), I thought what the heck, this $40 shoe will be perfect for those short walks to Safeway.Well, I will admit I am more than happy with this shoe. First, it is very comfortable. I wore it on a recent hiking trip that lasted 5+ hours and my feet felt fine. the overall design of the shoe is very attractive and the size 10 (it's about 1/4 inch longer than Nike Air).  Where the Asics can feel a bit tight on the top of my feet and the Nike can feel bit cramped inside, these were perfect..
B00EDOMUYI Nice Shoe It arrived on time and I was pleased with the packaging. No Problems. Looks and fits good. The shoe would be 5 stars but for the 'mesh' which is porous. My feet got wet in a rain storm in Chicago over the weekend.Otherwise no problems.
B00EDOMUYI Size 14 and still a good shoe I have a few pair I gave it a five star I'm a big Nike Air Max Nike Shox.  the Pumas your cheaper and  a very comfortable shoe I don't use them for running but fir casual  walking I'm a size 14 is still have a wide variety of colors and styles in my size.
B00EDOMUYI Greal looking shoe Great shoe, but fits a little too snug around the toes. I think it just needs to be broken in. I still would recommend the shoe.
B00EDOMUYI vert comfortable shoe I needed a new shoe to work out in these shoes are very comfortable and light weight I made a good choice with this shoe
B00EDOMUYI Great shoe, very comfortable Great shoe,  very comfortable!
B00EDOMUYI My son loves puma's. I have ordered puma shoes ... My son loves puma's. I have ordered puma shoes before & all the tongue to the shoe are attached. This shoe, the tongue is not attached making the shoe loose on his feet if he decides not to wear without the shoe strings in the shoe. Other than that he loves the style & fit of the shoe.
B00EDOMUYI I love the design of the shoe and it is very ... I love the design of the shoe and it is very comfortable,  but it seems a wee bit small for a size 11
B00EDOR4L2 Wrong Color in Original Picture When I originally ordered this shoe, there were two different black shoes posted, one with pink and green and one with pink and silver.  I ordered the one with pink and green and when they arrived I was shocked to have received a pink, green and silver shoe instead of the pictured black shoe.  I checked again and the picture on my e-mail was still the black shoe, but the picture on the website had changed.  Be sure to double check the color description on your shoes before you order!
B00EDOR4L2 comfy shoes pretty and comfortable!  Well made!The best part the shoe laces are not so long you can lace them around your ankles 10 times and tie huge clown bows and still trip over the laces like most shoe makers!
B00EDOR4L2 Puma Voltaic 5 Running Shoe (Womens) The shoe fits shorter than most but it is a very comfortable shoe once it's stretched out a bit.
B00EDOR4L2 great shoe Love puma
B00EDOR4L2 Great fitting shoe, not too flashy (which is a good thing!) Sorry, just can't get on that neon pink shoe trend.  I picked these up when Amazon had them as their daily deal, and they are great shoes!  Well padded, true to size, and the glacier gray looks appropriate on a 50 year old.
B00EDOR4L2 Fit good Shoe fit as expected, managed to order the wrong colors but Amazon was great with working with me and refunding my money and getting the right shoe ordered. Shoes are very comfortable. First time I have bought a pair of Puma shoes, will buy more in the future.
B00EDOR4L2 A very pretty shoe but not a good fit This shoe should have be advertised with an Extra Wide in the size description.  The length size is accurate (size 6, 7, 8 etc) but should be A "WW" included.  A very pretty shoe but not a good fit.
B00EDOR4L2 Comfy and durable! Super comfortable and they don't fall apart like every other athletic shoe I've had.
B00EDOR4L2 Good shoe true to size. The shoes are true to size. They look great and feel comfy. I would say for myself I'd use them more as an everyday comfortable wear shoe more than a running shoe. Although, maybe I haven't broken them in enough for them to feel like a good workout shoe. Doesn't seem to have a lot of cushioning.
B00EDOR4L2 Very awkward fit The shoe looks exactly like how it looks on screen BUT I was very disappointed with the fit.It is not too big or small BUT very very uncomfortable. It is not suitable for running at all and gives a very lumpy feel. Also the shoe is narrow at the toes and I lose feeling after a while there. The sole is also kind of hard. It is quite heavy and uncomfortable shoe and in fact slows me down while running.Did not expect such a poor product from Puma.
B00EDOR4L2 Good looking, but not comfortable The shoe was tight it the toe and felt awfully stiff and uncomfortable.  I had to return the PUMAs
B00EDOR4L2 looking for a daily wear shoe to give good support and deal with a heel issue This shoe fits the bill perfectly.  The heel cup which is built in addressed the issue I was having with some heel pain.  It is a comfortable, attractive, well fitting, well made shoe.  And as a deal of the day, was priced right :~)
B00EHJ2I46 inside lining falling apart I've had this shoe for two weeks, and the brown inside lining which covers the sides of the shoe is already coming apart.  Each shoe has places where the lining has broken through, and the white material underneath is visible.I've come to feel that Pumas are no longer worth buying, due to shoddy production in Vietnam.  At least they are leather, as advertised, which seems to be getting rare.
B00EJP6M9K Snazzy little shoe! Gotten great compliments for this shoe.  Fits great.  Dresses up nicely or goes with jeans or shorts.  I have another pair with a blue side on it.
B00ETHZCBW Stylish But Not Very Comfortable Puma's El Ace line has a terrific, unique look but absolutely no padding in the forefoot and little in the heel. I bought this one because of the style and returned it because of the fit. I'm 6'2", 220 lbs. and my forefoot needs some love this shoe can't provide. Two other points: they tend to run a tad narrow and this particular color - tan or "Dachshund" - is much darker than the picture represents.As for the second pair I purchased (in blue), I received a 13 in a 14 box and it was quite obviously someone else's return from a prior purchase. One shoe was laced up unconventionally, there was no paper stuffing in the toebox of either shoe and the tissue paper used to protect the shoe from scuffing during shipping was absolutely shredded. The box itself was torn/ripped in several places so this pair went back as well. Calling Amazon QC????
B00ETHZV2M Good They are a good shoe, for regular use, but I'm a walker/jogger and these are NOT athletic shoes.  They are more of a sneaker style office shoe.  They're a lil weird in that aspect but still comfy.  I will keep these for work but invest in a better pair of athletic shoes.
B00FFM13OA Super light Fits true to size! Overall good shoe
B00FJC0LZI Puma FAAS 1000 I selected this shoe because the reviews stated that the shoe had a lot of cushion and since I just had a total knee replacement I need that.  The shoe fits relatively true to size (maybe a hair on the large side but ok).  The cushioning in the shoe is good but not exceptional as compared to some other brands.  The color and styling of the shoe is good and I get compliments wherever I go (but that's not the point ).  The plastic cross lacing that the shoe has is annoying and does not allow for a tight fit across your mid foot/ arch area.  Overall the shoe if functional and is good for walking and moderate running but  if you are a serious runner I would recommend another shoe and probably brand altogether.
B00FJEONXW Comfortable and stylish shoe one of the most comfortable shoes i've ever worn.  kind of euro stylish - not normally my style.  It fits more like a shoe or sock rather than a sneaker which is what I thought it would be like.  Other than that, great shoe.  I also love the little bmw emblem (much better than the ferrari one :P)
B00FLZ02DY Great soccer shoe Great little soccer shoe.  My son loves the big puma & colors
B00HFPV44O All the shoes I ordered are worth it Puma is always a great shoe. I love Amazon not just for little things but buying shoes here, saves me money and I get my free shipping with prime. I've been to the mall maybe 6 times this year and glad I found these at the price here because the Footlockers, Shoe Warehouse, etc wanted much more. I got a great deal.
B00HHLBDF6 I LOVE this shoe It fits like a a glove. I supportive yet light. this is the BEST sprint shoe I've ever orn. The EVO model KILLS my right big toe. Puma, please bring back the Theseus design.
B00HTANBSM could be better I I like the design on the shoe and I like the shoe very light and I like the mesh on the front end but the shoe is listed as a cross training shoe on the website but the shoes says that it is a running shoe and where the white mesh ends and the pink design start the s titches on the inside of the shoe really uncomfortable on the little toe and hurts a lot, the shoe is not too small or too big it's just that design.very disappointed about that because the shoe cost way too much money for that to be happening
B00I9GTJMM Great shoe.. Size is right and shoes are very comfy..
