B00007282M Great Shoes I like these shoes very much, i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon, and these rank in my top 3 pairs. Very white, very easy to keep clean. I have wide feet, and these are not tight at all.
B00007282M good shoes BAD EXPEDITED DELIVERY those are a good shoes, but the delivery provide service is the worst, i buy the shoes dic 15-06 in expedite service 1-3 days and i recive the shoes 21  4 days more than usually delivery day, i pay 12 more dollars for expedite and theirs give it to me like regular mail, bad deal to me!
B000203LLS I love these shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!!! These shoes are sooooooooooooo cool!!!!!!!! They are so comfortable! They are also very fashionable. They match with anything. I highly recommend these shoes for people with a sence of fashion!
B0009PQ8XO Fantastic Shoes! I love Puma shoes--especially the Future Cat Low.  Puma is by far the best quality sneaker I've ever had.  The price of their shoes is a bit more than the average, but you get what you pay for.  They are great-looking and are extremely comfortable.  I am so pleased with these shoes that I plan on only purchasing sneakers from Puma from now on.  I've bought four different Future Cats: dark shadow/persimmon orange, black/white/Chinese red, white/black/vapour blue, and black coffee/white/burnt olive.
B0009QCYRW Great shoes Very comfortable, right out of the box. My daughter has tried many other soccer shoes and now that she has worn the Puma King Execs she doesn't wear any other shoes. She is currently playing soccer in her third pair of Puma King Execs.
B0009QGPPO Old School shoes I love and have fond memories of my old puma kings. These are the same as I had remembered, but the market has really changed. These shoes are heavy and bulky at 11.2 oz. Mine had a tear in them when I received them so I sent them back and ordered something else. The shoes I ordered were 8.2 oz. The extra weight was just too much since I was coming from lighter shoes. There are shoes now that will weigh 5.4 oz.
B0009QGPPO My dream shoes!!! Always wanted them. Now I have them. I can see why people pay good money for theses shoes. They make you FEEL you are a KING on the field.
B0009QGPPO Puma King Turf Shoes Love the shoes! They are perfect for coaching. They fit just like my soccer cleats from high school. Highly Recommended
B000BOCNRI great shoes I love these shoes.  They are extremely comfortable and conform to your foot with minimal break in time.  I used to play in Puma Kings and am glad to see that the quality has continued and been carried into their indoor products.Glad to see an indoor shoe that is still made from leather!
B000BOCNRI baja calidad - low quality I bought these shoes because I though that Puma only makes high quality shoes but my mistake....with only a month of use the sole began to take off.
B000EOVCYU Very versital and light weight. There is a marked difference between these athletic shoes and others. It feels as if you are wearing no shoes at all. They may not be for people who feel that they need serious foot support, because they don't "feel" supportive but they have made my workout so much nicer. These shoes make my other cross trainers feel like heavy wooden Swedish clogs. It's so much nicer to run in these Pumas.In my workouts I, run, use a cardio machines and weights about 12 hours a week and shoes are very important to me. I have now owned these shoes for around seven months.Benefits:Very light weightExtremely comfortableEasy to get on and off (without kicking them off during a run)Although not recommended, they wash right up in the washing machine (air dry)Extra 1.25" heal helps maintain proper postureFlexible soleVery durableDisadvantages:Hard to findUsually over $80Because the majority of the shoe is white or grey, they do look dirty pretty quick-because of this these are my "gym" shoes.
B000FPH5FI Puma shoes These shoes aren't that comfortable at first, but after I got used to them, they were all right. I would recommend that you only wear them for walking around, because these shoes won't be very good for anything more strenuous.
B000FPLEOG Very nice, watch out for slippery surfaces The shoes are beautiful, no doubt about it.But they are not at all deck shoes (the style they try to copy, shoes people wear on boat decks); they are very slippery when floor is wet or when you go inside after walking in the rain outside. You have to be careful!
B000FPLEOG love these! I had these shoes in about three color combinations and might reorder again since they were upgraded to a different design.I enjoy slip on shoes hate shoe laces. i've received many compliments on them
B000FPLEOG Great casual shoes. The only thing I was dissapointed about was that there was some brown markings on the white sole. It wiped off no problem. But brand new shoes shouldnt have to be wiped off straight out the package. Other then that they are great!
B000FPLEOG Great Shoes!  Classic, yet modern My husband loves these shoes and has been wearing this style since 2009.  When I found them on Amazon, I was so happy, because he had worn the soles off the last pair.  I would recommend these to anyone!
B000K7EIME Most comfortable shoes on earth I love these shoes. they are so comfortable... I have narrow feet and a high arch and they hug my feet perfectly but still are comfortable and not at all squished. I always want to own a pair of these shoes till I die. For realsies.
B000K7EIME Beautiful but a little tight I have bought these shoes before and this time they feel a little tight.They are really nice shoes and I will keep them.
B000M6CCYY Awesome The shoes are comfy, true to size and just plain awesome.  The only complaint is trying to keep the tongue in place.  Other than that these shoes rock.
B000MIPFNC good shoes shoes are nice, but the order took a little too long to ship after being placed, however once shipped it arrived fast since it was just a couple of zip codes away.
B000N524M4 Awson shoes I bought these shoes on another online site but I would like to write a review on Amazon as I am one of your customers.  These fit very nice.  They are very comfortable.  I bought the orange color and wear it to work. I am looking for a size nine in the black and pink but cant find it sad.  Ladys I encourage you to try it and you will not be disapointed.
B000N53Y1O Good shoes These are cool shoes. Look great with jeans.Sometimes they look pink from far away. And they look a little goofy with shorts if you have big feet.
B000ND0V0I Puma Turf Shoes I've been wearing a size 12 for almost 30 years, so I ordered a size 12, but couldn't begin to get my toes in it.  I have normal feet (no wide width shoes in my closet).  This shoe was incredibly cramped at the toes and loose at the heel.  I boxed them back up and sent them back to Eastbay within an hour.  I'm now out $26.90 for shipping (to and fro), and don't even own a pair of shoes yet.
B000NGUC4K Too Tight The shoes were shipped on time, but they didn't fit. It's hard to buy shoes that fit when you can't try them on first.
B000R4XHRC Good stuff I wear size 15 wide shoes normally, but they only had these in 15 at the time. I needed new running shoes so I ordered them anyways. They were only $38 and they arrived at my house in only three days. They were snug at first, but most new shoes are, they fit fine now and are comfortable to run, walk, and lift in. They look good too. Highly recommend them, I will most likely buy another pair when I need to in the future.
B000R4XHRC Too narrow. Sending back, hope for a fast turn around so I can get some others coming.  ????? This is rthe problem with not being able to try on the shoes first. I guess thats the sacrafice for getting discounted shoes online.
B000REX1DW are these running shoes? these shoes...  just looked comfy to me.  and they are.  i don't do anything in them, but walk, go to church, and pretty much just lounge around.  and they work for that!  and i believe they would work for other things.  not exactly warm of course, but you wouldn't expect that, would you?  ok, good.  i think they are pretty nifty shoes, and will replace them with another pair when i wear them out, probably.
B000REX1DW Perfect Driving Shoes I have owned 3 pairs of these shoes, and am ordering a 4th.They are the best driving shoes I've ever had.  the thin sole (which some see as a drawback), gives amazing tactile feedback from pedals, and will never catch on a pedal while heal-toe or left foot breaking.  the sole cups around the heel of to give extra padding against the floorboard, and prevents the rubber from seperating from the material, like many shoes do, after putting a lot of miles on them.  they are so good i can hardly stand wearing anything else if i'm driving anywhere.Some people have complained that they are too small, or sized small.  in my experience this is true for the first 2 or 3 days, but once broken in, they will fit like a second skin.  once broken in, they become a natural extension of you foot, and almost feel like your walking around barefoot.I recommend buying a half dozen, just in case puma stops making them one day.
B000REX1DW Puma Shoes Black & White I've bought these shoes three times in a row, I always get the black ones. The design is good and look very sporty. They are very low shoes. These are NOT running shoes and they are shoes you don't want to walk in for more than six hours. The bottom of the shoes are thinner than converse chucks shoes. You can't fit any inserts into these shoes. These shoes are not recommended if you have flat feet. If you walk on rocky surfaces you WILL feel them. These shoes are more for hanging out. They are very durable. The fabric has a velvet finish and some parts eventually fade to a light black color but that doesn't happen right away, they are very breathable. I might get another pair and they are worth it.
B000RI4NGM Awesome shoes, if they fit you right! These shoes are basically Puma's most recognizable and popular model and they are awesome. The price is a little high but the construction of the shoe is excellent so you aren't getting ripped off. I've had mine for about two years and the only problem is the white strips on the side are permanently dirty. I'd recommend getting some Kiwi shoe spray to protect these from water or snow. They are not ideal for winter because road salts leave white stains all over the suede (although the stains do wash out). Now, referring to the title, these shoes must fit you right or else they will be uncomfortable. They are rather narrow which isn't a problem for me but some people have wider feet. Also, these are actually driving/racing shoes so they have a thin sole and very little arch support so they are very ideal for pushing pedals in a car. If you require a lot of arch support then you definitely don't want these. Where I work, I'm on my feet for eight hours of the day and by the end of the day in these shoes, my feet kind of hurt. They don't make good athletic shoes either because the bottoms of the shoes don't have good grip for sports. They are awesome for casual wear though and some of the most stylish shoes around.
B000TDAZKI Snazzy Shoes As a student shopping online this seller was very helpful. Not only was the size guide extraordinarily helpful in ordering online, but the shoes themselves arrived in pristine condition and are extremely comfortable. The seller also offered free returns and exchanges as long as they had my size, but it was unnecessary. The color accuracy is much better than on most websites;I needed shoes to go with jeans and that looked casual for around campus and I was able to tell from the picture that these were exactly the shoes I needed. There was one downside to these particular pair of shoes; you had to waterproof them before wearing them. It wasn't stated explicitly that waterproofing was necessary but I went ahead and put on two coats of UGG water proofer and it worked great. It was kind of a hassle to try and figure out what kind of waterproofer would work the best, it would have been nice to know that I needed to waterproof them before I bought the shoes. Another thing to know about these style of shoes is that if they start out a bit snug don't worry they will stretch out and be comfortable in just a few days. These shoes are perfect for my every day needs, the neutral color means I can wear them with almost anything and they are comfortable for my entire day of walking on campus, they haven't rubbed or been uncomfortable since the first few days I bought them.
B000UCUR3S nice shoes, wrong description the shoes are stylish, fit very well and have an air pump, however the description is lying by saying "upper leather" it is synthetic material, which doesn't justify the price, other than that these are probably the best tennis shoes I've had in a long time.
B000UCURVU Beautiful product The picture didn't portray the shoes properly though. We purchased these shoes for our son and had not realised they were for girls. The picture never showed the true color of the shoes...they were pink and brown.  Although we were dissapointed that our son would not be able to wear them ...they are so beautiful we are keeping them for our daughter.
B000W0F10C terrific shoes These are terrific shoes--comfortable and beautiful. I wear them with dressy black pants when I want to look elegant, but be able to walk and stand for hours. They look like "gloves for your feet" as my husband says.They aren't true slip-ons; you need a shoe-horn to put on. But, they fit perfectly and don't rub.
B0014GHEGC Most comfortable shoes ever! These shoes are great!! Extremely comfortable! Tons of cushioning! They do run a bit small though. I actually wear 10.5 but always have to buy 11 since not too many shoes come in 10.5 and these were still a little snug. After a few wears they stretched out fine.
B0014Z5OEW Good shoes - good value I'm a soccer referee, and turf shoes are my preference as most of the fields in my area are hard-surface.  These shoes are comfortable and very functional, and come at a reasonable price.  What more could one ask?
B00166RR3K Excellent Shoes I went to DSW to and saw these shoes, but they didn't have any in my size. They had a number of shoes with the same design, so I tried on a few of those. These shoes are actually a few sizes bigger than I typically wear, so be careful ordering them online, it would be good to try them on in a store first.Other than that I love them! they are slick and feel really nice. Although, there isn't too much heel on them, so if you jump and land on them, it can kinda hurt a bit.
B00196D3BW My favorite pair of shoes I love all puma shoes but these are my favorite. I wish I had more pairs of them. Very comfortable!
B001AHE1J8 Comfy and Stylish These shoes are worth it for people who love low shoes and enjoy long walks. I get couple of complements on the shoes everyday :)
B001B4WUVQ PUMA Women's Voltaic Running Shoes I love these tennis shoes; very comfortable.  I could stand on my feet all day if I had to.  This seller had to be the fastest delivery I've ever had. I received these tennis shoes before the expected delivery date.  I'll definately add this seller to my favorite list!!!
B001B4WUVQ So comfortable They fit true to size.  These are the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever owned!
B001B4WUVQ Amazing Pumas...I absolutely love them! I bought these shoes in May, and I have worn them every day since.  I didn't get them from amazon.com, but I didn't know what they were called and I am glad I found them because I want a pair to run in! I have worn the cushioning out in them, but if you buy Spenco walking/running inserts (which are also highly recommended by me), your shoes feel even better to walk in. I'm on my feet all day at work and these are amazing...I literally have no pain or discomfort whatsoever. My experience with Puma shoes is that they run VERY SMALL! I wear an 8 (depending on the brand) and I purchased these in a 9.5, just to be sure they wouldn't shrink when I washed them. I worked in food service and they got dirty, and I was relieved to find that they still fit wonderfully when I washed them. Seriously though, order a size up...maybe at least (a girl I work with also has to order her Pumas a few sizes up, she finds). These shoes are fabulous, I cannot say enough good things about them.
B001B50WOM comfort are very comfortable walking shoe this model I have flat feet and the shoes fit perfectly with the way I walked and did not cause pain in the feet
B001B516CE These are driving shoes! I have found this shoes excellent for their intended purpose. They were purchased because my feet kept getting tangled in the foot controls of my NSX in normal footwear. I have found that they are comfortable enough for the small amount of foot travel I do when pursuing this activity. When I plan a day of walking/shopping/hiking I take a different vehicle and wear approprite shoes.
B001B516CE Great shoes These shoes are the best.  My second pair, the first had an unfortunate meeting with our dog.  Shoes are comfortable and a great fit!
B001B516CE Durable shoe and easy to keep clean These shoes are very durable and easy to keep clean. I immediately waterproofed these shoes upon arrival which I believe keeps them cleaner. The fit matched other Puma shoes that I have owned. These shoes are form fitting so keep that in mind if you like slightly looser shoes. I ride a motorcycle and have had all shorts of shoes ruined by black marks being left by the shifter but they seem less noticeable on these shoes(I bought the blue pair). So if you want nice, durable, stain resistant and comfortable shoes these will do the job.
B001B516CE Cool Shoes The delivery was prompt and efficient. The shoes were and continue to be comfortable and have a great look. Enjoy them thoroughly.
B001B516CE Great looking shoes and so comfy Even though these are men's shoes, I bought it for myself (girl).  They are great fit and the suede on the outside are really nice. Very comfortable too.
B001B51WGO Puma shoes! Very satisfy with the shoes. My SS loves it a lot! It was also a fast delivery and item was as described!
B001B52SDK Great Shoes The shoes went above what i expected from them. The sole has great grip, the outer layer is light and breathable, and overall the quality is excellent. They perform well as running shoes and are cool enough to wear around town. Also the shoes are extremely light which i really appreciated.
B001B52SDK My Favorite Shoes These are my go-to sneakers. So comfortable. I can slip them on and off.They look pretty rockin' too.
B001B52SDK Nice shoes I just pulled them out of the box and tried them on. The size is perfect, and the shoes look just like in the picture. They feel pretty comfortable and relatively durable. The one thing to note is that the upper is made with LEATHER in addition to textile, in case that is a concern for you. It was for me, because leather was not mentioned in the online product description.. but I like the shoes so I'm not going to bother returning them.
B001B52SDK Comfortable and Nice These shoes are very colorful, so if you don't like shoes that will stand out in public, you wouldn't like these - otherwise you'll love them. Very comfortable too.
B001B52SDK Great Shoes for walking around town Love these shoes, have owned 3 pairs of different colors.  If you can get them in your size, get a pair.  Perfect, comfortable shoes for walking around town.I have slightly wide feet, and thing the toe box works for me.
B001B52UFG Amazing! These shoes are amazing in every way!  They look super nice, and feel wonderful on my feet.  I would highly recommend them to anyone!
B001B52UFG PUMA SHOES These shoes are totally flat, they lack arch. I guess most PUMA's lack arch, but these are just flat. Not recommended for people who want comfortable shoes. They are nice, but not comfortable.
B001B52YSO Perfect Shoe! Love these shoes! Stylish, comfortable and light weight. I feel like I can run like a Puma in these =D
B001B52YSO I love these shoes but Can we get these in size 10 D (M)US PUMA Men's Roma Perf EXT Sneaker I need these shoes. but I cant find this model anywhere els... Help out.. These shoes are one of my favorites.. I used to buy them two pair at a time.
B001B52YSO Great Buy! These shoes are a steal.  I bought them for my adult nephew and he loves them.  I shopped around at several stores for shoes to send my nephew in Texas.  When I finally looked at the shoes on Amazon.com, there was no comparison in price.  The shoes made a great gift and they were delivered on time at no extra cost to me.  What a deal!
B001B55ZOE good this shoes are in long shape with a a little bit sharp front.Its a little bit like a boxing shoes. Comfortable and stylish.
B001B86AHW nice overall look, but misshapen i bought these shoes for my son, and i really like them except i am so disappointed because i have to return them - the sole at the toe of one of the shoes is misshapen/poorly made. :(
B001CHCQBQ Awesome shoes! They're great shoes. Comfortable, stylish, fun to wear, and everyone compliments you on how great they loo.
B001CHCQBQ est shoes ever coolest shoes ever i work in a shoe shop and i recomend thes shoes anyday the arch support is incredible and stylish to wear.
B001CHCT4U Not the best sneakers Amazon just keeps raising the price of these shoes a little by little. It was on sale for about $31 and then when I finally decided to order it, it was $33. Now, it's at $35. Weird! Anyway,After a day of wearing them, these shoes are so-so. They didn't impress me like the Puma Sabadellas. It's not that soft on the inside even though the shoes are cushioned. You kind of feel it in the heel. Maybe the shoes are just wrong for my feet (normal arch and width). It is also not that comfortable around my big toe because my toe nail kind of slants upward. They look okay. It's a little too sporty/soccer-ish to me (I have the black/white/blue lining. I guess I have to get use to them.
B001CHEOW0 Great shoes I purchased the shoes as a gift. The recipient loves them. It's sleek looking and comfortable fitting.
B001CHEOW0 shoes review the shipment was fast, When I received the shoes, I liked, are very nice and comfortable. the price is very economical for the quality of the shoe. I personally recommend these shoes, and more if purchased by amazon.
B001CHEOW0 Great Looking Shoes To Wear With Jeans I received this pair of Puma Usan Sneaker Shoes in white/chocolate and I am very pleased with the quality and apperance.  They look great with Jeans.  However, it's a little tight on the width.  If you have wide feet, these shoes aren't for you.  Also, I tried to dance with these shoes and I was slipping a little bit because they didn't provide that much traction on a slightly wet dance floor.  On a positive note, these shoes are very light and really worth the money you paid for....just don't use it on a dance floor!!
B001CHEPW4 Great all around sneaker Very durable and all around comfortable shoe. I wear them when im out and about or at work. I got them in black so they pair with almost anything. I ordered these in a size 7.5 mens. I am a 9 womens and they fit my feet perfectly. I like Puma brand shoes because they last longer and dont fall apart as fast as some nike brand shoes ive owned.
B001CHEPW4 Rockin' kicks I picked these shoes up at Sheikh in red, and everywhere I go I get compliments, and they are so comfortable for walking in I even wear them to work. Excellent shoes.
B001CHEPW4 Expected More I'm pretty sure I had a pair of these shoes when I was younger that lasted me a while. That's certainly not the case for the pair I recently bought.I'll start off the review by explaining that I'm a college student at a state school with a pretty large campus, so I do a fair share of walking everyday. Now perhaps it's my fault for buying a pair of suede shoes in the dead of winter, but I would expect shoes to be able to take some sort of beating. These shoes started showing signs of wear after about a month.I bought these shoes from a Puma store in a mall in about mid-January. It's now April 2nd and a) the suede on these shoes is frayed and looks worn b) the little bit of treading that these shoe had in the first place is starting to smooth away and c) the worst part is the soles are deteriorating! I can push in on the sole and almost poke my heel. This, of course, is starting to make my feet hurt when I walk, which is the whole reason I bought new shoes in January!Bottom line, I gave these shoes 3 stars because I think these shoes look nice, and they're comfy, so that's good. But if you do moderate/heavy walking (which I'd expect most people to...) they probably won't last. They WERE only $60, but I thought Puma was a good name. I guess I'm in the market for shoes again!
B001CHEPW4 Cool shoes These shoes are so comfortable. I can wear them all day. So they make good walking shoes. I recommend it.
B001CHEPW4 Great shoes overall The only shoes I buy when i want to spend money on shoes are Puma.  I got them in red, and they are really red.  They look darker in the pictures, but these things are bright.  Which is cool because i wanted some bright shoes.  The only problem i have with them is that a lot of times the sizes are off.  I have around 10 pair of pumas or so, my sizes range from 8.5 to 9.5.  I usually wear a 9.  I ordered these in 9, I probably should have ordered them in 8.5.  I think from now i will not order Pumas over the web, because I never know if they are going to fit right.  My suggestion would be to order them a half size smaller, but that may just be me...
B001CHER90 perfectly fit shoes The shoes came right on time and earlier then expected. I tryed the shoes on and they fit perfectly, the size was just right, and they look clean. There just like the ones on amazon. I would recommend theses shoes, there really great.
B001CHER90 Best Shoes on the Court and off for a good price! When I got these shoes I wasn't expecting a lot for how much I payed for them. But I got these shoes and they are the perfect go to for Fridays and Weekends to wear with jeans and a polo or whatever is your style. Bottom line great price and an excellent shoe. Would buy it again if I had to.
B001CHER90 Great shoes, but run a little tight These shoes are awesome, I prefer the slick leather shoes versus the cloth/fabric shoes that most shoes are these days. Keep in mind that like the other Puma shoes, these shoes run pretty slim. If you have wide feet like I do, they will be a bit tight.
B001CHF3SY loved it Wore these almost everyday for an entire year-they are incredibly comfortable and just great looking shoes-they are beautiful style wise and I got compliments from both men and women about these shoes. The drawback is that a few of the diamonds on the side did come off and after walking through the rain and damp weather the material got worn at the front of the shoe and become discolored. Don't regret my purchase whatsoever though because they are stylish as well as extremey comfortable!
B001CHF4GK Love these shoes These shoes are a very cute sporty flat. I ordered a half size smaller and it is a snug but good fit. On the first day my heal was a little raw. That is my only real complaint. I love these shoes and would like a pair in every color. They look great with jeans. I got many compliments on these shoes. I would recommend!
B001CHF4GK pretty This shoes are realy cute , they are prettier in person than the pic they show here , + i get a lot of compliments .  my only problem was that the first time I wear these shoes bother me in the ankle and finished with pain for two days as the other shoes bother me.
B001CHG1YY Shoes.... Shoes. Yay for these shoes You will probably want insoles. The shoes work perfect for me, and I have no problems with them so far. I have had them for about 3 weeks and I love them. So far they haven't had holes in them.I chose the bright turquoise and orange.
B001CHG1YY gangster shoes cause there my favorite shoes there comfterble and they look really nice I especially like the black and white and they look g
B001CHG1YY Just as described The shoes arrived promptly. I was nervous about ordering shoes online but thought I'd take the chance to save some money. The shoes fit perfectly and are super comfy. I'm thinking about ordering another pair!
B001CHG1YY Great Shoes, Great Price I have never been a fan of these style of shoes, but have heard they are comfortable so gave them a shot.  I have to say, these are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  You won't be dissapointed in your purchase if you decide with this item.Updated:  Won't change the rating because the shoe quality wasn't the problem.  I normally wear a size 12 in most shoes, but this one was a little tight and I know if I would have kept them, I would form blisters.  Had to return them.
B001CHG1YY Fantastic Shoes! They are NOT wide shoes, but to be expected with these kind of shoes, however for people with small or smallish feet they are excellent
B001CHG1YY Terrible! I have never had problems with shoes until I purchased these. A month after wearing the shoes, the front toe began to tear. I had to throw them away after a few months since they were hardly functional. They look cool; however, they aren't very comfortable and they certainly don't take wear well.
B001CHG1YY My feet hurt The size I got is perfect with other shoes but for this brand it seems to be smaller. Needed the shoes for work so didn't have time to return them :(
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe, a Bit Uncomfortable Puma is an amazing brand and getting these shoes made my day. I put them on and they are exactly like the picture. The only thing that I didn't like was that my feet go sideways past the sole, I don't have big feet so this alarmed me and I had half a mind to return them. It wasn't until I found out that this is what normally occurs (according to sources) that I decided to keep them, I realize that I'll just have to get used to them.I really like the fabric and I got two pairs of shoe laces (black and white). The bottoms of the sneakers are a solid white which looks really cool.I would come here to buy even more shoes because they do fit and you can break them in if they don't. **** out of *****
B001CHG1YY Good shoes They just fit like a 10 instead of a 9.5 it's happened before. Some shoes just it a little bigger depending on the style
B001CHG1YY Great shoes! These shoes exceeded my expectations and are very comfortable! I will definitely be ordering more pairs! I love them! Very nice!
B001CHG1YY Love these shoes Timeless, comfortable, great look. What more to say. They looked good on me 20 years ago and still do now! 2 lace options white and blue.
B001CHG1YY blue suede shoes my son was Elvis for Halloween.  Bought the blue suede shoes to complete the outfit.  He looked great they fit well and now he wears them to school.
B001CHG1YY Per Suede you to buy these shoes I've been wearing Puma suede for years. Having flat feet many of the sneakers I would like to wear are out of the question. These are comfortable and set off an outfit. Great price too!
B001CHG1YY Let's go back to the 90's I love these shoes. I wore them all the time in High School and these shoes are like a time warp back to those days. Fit great, look great, and the updated colors really are all that really need to be updated with these shoes.
B001CHG1YY Cozy shoes The size is perfectly match. However the width of the shoes is a little narrow.If you used to wear the athletic shoes all the time, like I do, you will need a while to get used to this.Anyway, the shoes are comfortable. And, the color is great.
B001CHG1YY PUMA SHOES: TOO COOL! Puma shoes have always been a favourite of mine due to their comfort and fit and this pair are to Puma's usual excellent standard.The colour's are way cool too!
B001CHG1YY Oh my god these suck! Alright, so I get these in the mail and I'm really excited as I need a new pair of shoes pretty bad. With huge feet finding a slim shoe to fit that doesn't look like circus shoes can be hard. They're very uncomfortable. I was told by a friend that these shoes are for the opposite race.
B001CHG1YY The best shoes ever Most confortable tennis shoes ever, even if it's raining, the leather doesn't feel as wet as others. I recommend them!
B001CHG1YY Comfortable Casual Shoes The Puma suedes are a classic look - not  much support for athletics, but comfortable and good looking casual shoes.
B001CHG1YY exellent fit and color As I respected, this shoes are comfortable(i ordered a half size lager) and look great.also its price is very affordable so it makes me buying this shoes.love this shoes, i want to buy another colors
B001CHG1YY Puma Suede I have purchased Puma shoes in the past, therefore, I knew what exact size to purchase.  Puma suede shoes are my all time favorite.  I enjoy this sneaker's style and comfort.  What really makes this Puma line above all other Puma shoes is the fact that all Puma suede shoes include fat laces and two different styles of fat laces.  Enjoy.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoes Not sure why the rating on these shoes is only 3 1/2?  I love these shoes. They are comfortable and allow my feet to breath.  great looking shoe and they come with an extra set of shoe laces.  Perfect!
B001CHG1YY Love these shoes For a high school senior I think these are the sickest shoes I ever bought. There a nice re'd and very very comfortable with the soles that are in the shoes
B001CHG1YY good Shoes were a lil small, even though all ky pa shoes are 10.5 but still good to use. This color of shoes are hard ro find
B001CHG1YY These shoes are awesome. The picture doesn't do the vibrancy of the orange justice. These shoes are awesome. Will be getting these again but in another color.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes, delivered perfectly Our only complaint is that the color is very purple--different in reality than on-line. We thought we were getting more of a blue color, but it's a beautiful purple and my husband loves the shoes.
B001CHG1YY Shoes I like the design and they feel very comfortable. They match every casual clothes you could choose. They look good!
B001CHG1YY Very nice shoes I really like these shoes, they fit as expected, and are very comfortable. Love the design and the suede seems to be of a good quality.  The only complain about this purchase is that the color in the pictures is not accurate, the shoes are a little bit lighter.
B001CHG1YY lovin the shoes Love the shoes.  They fit prefect. There very comfy to wear. they look good with my jeans. Going to continue buying them.
B001CHG1YY Retro shoes These are like the shoes from way back when I was young. Good fit, soft suede and great colors. What more could anyone want.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe for dancing I bought these shoes to breakdance in, and I wore them for over 6 months.  They are super comfortable to walk around in and seem to mold to your foot.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes and a great price. These are just the shoes I was looking for. The color is a cool shade of orange and they look as good as I remember them looking back in 1981, when I had a blue pair.
B001CHG1YY Love this shoes Bought this shoes fory husband and fits perfect my order got misplaced and they right away fix it thank you very much
B001CHG1YY Perfect Fit These PUMA Shoes are excellent and the fit is definitely fine and thin (The fit feels more like Vans, and the shoes look more like Adidas Gazelles), allowing more precision and swiftness during movement. These fresh shoes not only come with the colored laces you see in the image, but with a wider white lace if you like those better. If you're looking to dance, these comfortable shoes are more flat footed, meaning that they don't have a lump causing pain on your foot arch like the Adidas Campus II does, however if you're looking for good grip and friction, Vans are a better option; they have one of the best shoe grips I've ever worn. 5 out of 5!
B001CHG1YY Best shoes money can buy! I bought these shoes along with Adidas Gazelle. But Puma is way more comfortable and stylish! I am returning the Adidas!Love these shoes from the bottom of my heart!
B001CHG1YY Very good shoes These shoes are incredibly comfortable and they look good.  I've gotten multiple compliments on them. I really recommend buying these shoes
B001CHG1YY Order slight upsize I ordered 1/2 size more than I do for dress shoes and they fit perfectly. Not a lot of sole cushion but these are for casual wear. Overall I am very happy with shoes and they are represented accurately on Amazon.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes quick I absolutely love these shoes and they showed up in a very timely manner I wear them to work everyday and all my co workers want a pair just like them because they match our uniforms
B001CHG1YY Just like I always wanted! Fits perfectly!  It even came with 2 different pairs of laces-love the old school fat laces.  Highly recommend to anyone looking for great casual shoes
B001CHG1YY great shoes i ordered these for my brother. he was so excited when i gave him the shoes. good quality, perfect fit...i ended up buying one more pair for myself.
B001CHG1YY Comfy! These shoes are fairly easy to slip off and on, and they are very comfortable!  Inserts would probably make them even more so.
B001CHG1YY More compliments with this shoe than any others EVER! My wife hates these shoes.  She thinks I'm going through a second childhood.  I never left my first one though.  Anyway, I've had more compliments on these shoes than I've ever had with any shoes in my life.  Seriously!  They're a little 1979 retro.  I'll buy more.
B001E1EJ1U Happy feet I love these shoes.  They have been around since I was in high school.  I recommend these shoes to everyone.
B001E70R42 Comfortable Shoes I bought this shoes originally because i had seen some at another shoe store and after wearing them for a little while,i really like them.They are light and are pretty comfortable.I usually wear them with short khakis and they look good with most outfits.
B001F7AJTO Great comfortable shoe for toddlers I ordered these shoes for my 19 month old son and he loves him. He has to wear shoes at daycare all day so I wanted to get him something comfortable. I ordered him these, very exceptional quality and very comfortable. They remind me of a stylish leather sock. Awesome shoes!
B001FA1RGU Best Baby Shoes Ever I order these shoes because I could not find shoes to fit my daughters tiny little feet.  The shoes are terrific and I plan to buy her to next size up soon.  I would recommend these shoes over all others.  A terrific buy.
B001FZPOY6 Super Shoes! These shoes are absolutely incredible. The comfort and support may be the best I ever had. I am a collector of athletic shoes, so take my word for it, you can't go wrong with this pair of Pumas. The fit is also perfect.
B001G1HTDS Excellent Shoes Very nice looking shoes... kids look great with them. Only complaint is that Leather gets "wrinkled" after a few uses... as expected they get dirty very easily being white, but cleaning them is a breeze... some baking soda, water and a toothbrush.
B001H0EY2C Totally awesome shoes I got the red/white/green ones for my birthday and almost cried. They are the best shoes made on the planet, and the fact that they are even offered in Italy colors makes them that more fantastic.
B001H0EZMQ Comfortable and stylish hiking shoes I wore these shoes for the first time last week hiking in the Malibu mountains.  I'm just getting into hiking and my old running shoes just weren't cutting it.  I also have very sensitive skin and am prone to blisters.  But after hours of intense hiking, my feet were so comfortable with zero irritation.  They have the perfect amount of support.  Great traction too!  The trail was rocky and uphill and downhill and I didn't slip once.  Plus they are adorable.  They are amazing for beginner and advanced hikers.  Hiking can be hard enough without having to worry about your shoes.
B001H0EZMQ best shoes I EVER had Being a "deal shopper," I decided to finally break down and pay for some good Puma shoes and got these exact ones a few years ago. I have now worn the tread almost all the way off of them. They have been my favorite shoes EVER. They fit to the foot like a glove, and are great for the over-pronator like myself. They balanced out my back- keeping me out of the chiropractor's office so much! Can't say enough good about them. They are hard to find now, so I suggest if you wear this size, you BUY THEM!!!!
B001H0F2T6 A little different Due to one of the comments,I ordered one size bigger,the shoes don't fit good now. I'm ussually a 10 or 11,I got the 11 and the shoes are loose.I got the white/pink lady one,at the picture the stiches at the side are white,my shoes came with a red stich.I'm a little dissapointed,but the shoes still cool.
B001H0F3OA Nice shoes I got these from the puma store, really liked them. Though the seams at certain points do seem to wearing away. And sometimes the brown from the suede seems to coming on to the yellow laces. However, it can be rubbed off. Besides that I think these shoes are good.
B001H0F6QU Puma Old School This shoes are great! Personally I purchased the black style of the Puma Women's GV Love Sneaker. I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes due to the patent-like style of the front. The shoes look great and I expect them to last for a couple years.Just an FYI, there are no arch supports in these shoes. If you have a high arch like myself, I would encourage you to place arch supports in the shoe. These shoes are not so good in the cold. There are many air vents in the front of the shoe, which are great when your feet are warm, but it is a noticeable chill in the cold.
B001H0FBU6 Holey Moses those are some flat shoes I'm not too picky about shoes but these are the flattest shoes ever. They are narrow, which is fine. However there is ZERO arch in these shoes.
B001H0FFQG Awesome Shoe These shoes are perfect. They shipped in 2 days and they are the most comfy shoes I've ever had. They look great and i got a good price on them. Awesome shoes!
B001H0FFQG Great-looking shoes These shoes look great and feel really good as long as you aren't walking on hard surfaces for several hours in a day. They have basically no padding or support in the soles--one would assume to make the wearer feel more in contact with the accelerator in a car, as they supposedly are designed for racing vehicles.Because they have such a low profile, they indeed have a sock-like feel. So they're great for indoor wear or sensible outdoor wear. Don't be surprised if you end up with sore feet, though, if you wear them while walking around in a mall for six hours or something.As far as looks, they're some of the coolest-looking shoes on the market. Since they aren't bulky, they go especially good with shorts when you're like me and won't wear sandals.
B001H0FFQG the best shoes ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i think these shoes are the best shoes i ever had (and trust me i have alot of shoes) they are comfortable and very fashionable people always ask me where i got them they cost alot but i think it is worth it !!!!!
B001H0FHWI Great Ducati/Puma Shoes! I recently ordered these shoes and I must say that they are very nice. They do not offer any protection for your ankles, however so buyer beware. Personally, this does not bother me while riding and I prefer the style. I will also say that the protection on the top of the shoe for clutch lever is to far forward. I find that where I clutch is closer to the laces so this protective area on the shoe does not help. Even so, I definitely recommend these shoes.
B001H0FMQE Great Shoes! these shoes are wonderful!  they're super light and comfortable.  this is the first pair of shoes i've ever bought w/o trying them on first, and the fit was perfect - so true to size.  i highly recommend!
B001H0FMQE puma voltaic shoes very comfortable workout shoes. The tongue is attached to the shoe. I've never had a pair of shoes like this before. My feet do move around a little when i do my kickboxing class. They are very pretty shoes. i would recommend them.
B001H311HA Brilliant Colors Like the other reviewers said, definitely look way cooler in person. Before I got them I was a little unsure of the colors but they look great! The black lines and sprayed on look is really unique too, looks like my shoes are drawn on me. Very cool shoes.
B001H311HA Gorgeous pair of kicks!! These shoes are absolutely fantastic. The colors are vibrant and the pictures shown do not do the shoes justice. Shoes are comfortable and I am extremely pleased with the purchase. If you are in to wild and fun shoes, these are for you!
B001H313C8 Sweet Shoes!! These shoes are so cool! They fit perfect and are lightweight. I have recieved a ton of compliments on them and can't take them off.
B001OOMNDI Love the shoes....quality not so much I ordered these shoes becuase I needed a pair to wear for casual. The shoes came and they looked amazing...exactly like the picture showed! But, however, after wearing them for only a few weaks, major rips and frays appeared on the sides and near the top of the shoe! I loved the shoes, but was very diappointed at the quaility of them.
B001OOMT3M Poor Quality I bought these shoes for work about twelve days ago. I work 40 hours a week in a low volume retail environment and generally do a lot of standing around. The tongues rubbed against my ankles and left red, dry marks on both of my ankles; the soles were never comfortable to begin with and gradually became more and more uncomfortable for my heels; squatting down was impossible with these shoes, as the toe up to mid-foot is stiff and generally took all twelve days to "break in"; and, finally, just today, I noticed that the sole was separating from the top of one of the shoes. I filed a return with Amazon and expect to have the shoes far, far away from me by Friday. I won't pay $60 for shoes that last less than two weeks.I'm very disappointed, as my last pair of Pumas - bought from Shi by Journey - lasted two and a half years at the same job and still feel great when I wear them out biking.Do not buy these shoes.
B001OOMUDQ Wonderfully comfortable and stylish I love these shoes!  I've had several pairs of Pumas and they are consistently comfortable (and I don't find many shoes comfortable) and smart.  I feel I can wear them to the office with trousers or to the grocery store with jeans.  I try to be a bit careful because the suede is so light-colored, but these are worth every penny of the price to me.
B001OOMW20 Nice shoes Let me begin by saying I LOVE Puma shoes. However, their sizing is the worst I have ever encountered. I wear a 9 1/2 in their repli cats and these were a 9 and almost too big. Also, I ordered the black/grey ballerinas as well and there were sizing differences between the 2 colors!!! These shoes flare out a little on the top/side and any more flaring would resemble a clown shoe, so these are borderline too wide on the top. However, they are very comfy and stylish so I like them!! Watch your sizes though!
B001OOMWGG shoes We received the shoes just as described and they were just what my daughter wanted.  They made it here in less time then expected which made her even happier.  Thanks for the fast shipment!
B001OOMWIO Amazingly comfortable JSYK, I am not really a runner so I am not qualified to judge these shoes in that capacity.  I walk and walk/jog daily, plus I need rubber or non-slip shoes for work, so I wanted shoes that would function for both activities.These shoes look great, and are extremely comfortable.  The "tongue" is actually part of the inside cushioning, so it can't move out of place or bunch up.  I bought these at a puma store and tried on the all white ones and the blue ones, as well as this silver/grey/pink model (note, there is no navy blue -- look closely at the pictures).  Because I have huge feet (9.5 women) I found this one was the most complementary. While I was there I also bought some wheelspin models [...] that look fantastic.
B001OOMWIO Very good shoes Highly recommend these shoes because they are very durable, comfortable and convenient for sports activities compared to other shoes (at the time), my wife loved the overall model
B001OOMWWA Puma shoes I love them, color and style, so comfortable shoes as with all Puma's. Was worried about the size but it turned out great.
B001OOMXTW excelent shoes I have owned several pairs of these puma benny sneakers. They are very comfortable and have a very supportive built in arch. If you are used to shoes that do not have arch support and are completely flat inside the arch may seem too high but as you get used to having support you will find that it is just right. These pumas last just as long as any other tennis shoes I have owned (own one pair, wear them every day until they are worn out then buy new shoes).
B001OOMYDM Puma Men's tennis shoes The shoes were fine.  I bought them for my son and he likes them.
B001OON2BA Quality shoe This shoe is well-made, attractive, and priced at or less than other namebrand shoes. My son is in love with these shoes, they are comfortable and not as clunky-looking as most athletic shoes.
B001OONCOW Killer Shoes Looked everywhere for these shoes!!!Puma Store Puma Outlet and everywhere online Zappos to the China Boarder. Amazon not only had them in my size I received 20 off of my order.PERFECT!!!!!These shoes are fire engine red and very loud..I love them with black workout pants or dark jeans. Like dont look good with shorts at all.The shoe is very comfortable and very stylish.
B001QTDM22 Unique look and very comfortable shoe I get lots of compliments on these colorful shoes yet they still have a classic puma look and are super comfortable.
B001VH6RPS relax Tired of tying shoes, then these shoes are the answer for you. They are casual, comfortable and stylish. I wear these every where and I love them.
B001VH70GS Four months of walking and they're still going! I usually buy PUMA shoes because they are very comfortable, stylish, and I enjoy the variety of shoes. I purchased these because I generally walk about 2 or 3 miles at work a day and I need to wear something comfortable.
B001VH7FA4 Pretty good I bought the shoes last month or so.  I was cautious since i bought them online and it is a trick for me getting shoes that fit.They have a really neat fit and they're really comfortable.  Honestly, i had to break them in a bit, but they good.They are much more comfortable than the shoes i use to work in and i would recommend them.  The other nurses want to take them from me  lol
B001VH7HZW My Shoes These shoes are very comfterable.  The size was just right.  I would recommend these shoes to anybody who like fashionable footwear.
B001VH7NQ0 the're pumas of course they're good! these shoes are very nice and form fit your feet very well, although if you have wide feet these are not for you. they are very simmilar to wearing soccer cleats. they weigh half as much as my skate shoes but are very stiff, which all pumas are, until you break them in. they also take getting use to around the heel and ankle.
B001VH80JE Amazing Shoes These shoes are awesome and are high quality. They are very comfortable and look great. The shine isn't too overwhelming and looks good. The shoes are durable and dont get dirty easily. I got some ketchup on them the first day and they rubbed right off and did not stain. Worth the price, buy it.
B001VH81NO Stylish shoes.. Good shoes. Great price. They really grab people attention. But in my experience people either love them or hate em'. They also come with two sets of shoelaces. For the orange pair they come also with green laces. The one problem i have is that the inside is really plasticy. So you could get blisters if you wore them alot.
B001VH84JK Nice shoes! This shoes is not that expensive but has good quality ! its really light. I don't feel that I am wearing shoes when I use it!
B001VH8BCU Everyone loves my shoes! I love these shoes. I bought them, because I have weak ankles from arthritis, and thought it would save me from wrapping them.  Not only does it work, everyone comments on how cute my shoes are, so they are tons of fun & I got a great deal on them.
B001VH8FIA Puma's Rock! These shoes are amazing.  Puma's are just awesome.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Good sporty look.
B001VH8GRA Great Shoe - Comfortable and Great Looking!! This is one of the best looking shoes that I bought for my long time gf, who absolutely loved them.  In fact, I bought this shoe, the stone/yellow combo and off-white chucks for her this past Christmas (not "Holiday" season but Christmas is what it's called).  She loved the look of this one best of all three, and though she wears them all she really gravitates to this pair - Hortensia/Light Blue combo.  On top of that, I have the boy version of this type of shoe (different color combos - Black/Gold = Saints fan shoes, and the Dark Gray, Yellow and White combo), and they are the most comfortable shoes that we both own.  They are super comfortable right out of the box!!  Get these shoes asap, you will NOT regret the purchase!
B001VH8GRA i love these shoes! These shoes are so comfy that I bought them a few days after I had already bought new shoes. The colors are great, the fit is perfect for my narrow-ish feet, and the feeling of walking on the tread is just so cool. Seriously, the micro-villi like tread is awesome. It moves a little when you walk, so it takes some getting used to, but it doesn't slide or anything.These shoes will get you compliments and you will love to wear them. The only downsides are that if you kick them off without untying the laces, there is no way you can put them back on without untying and then retying the laces. Maybe it's lazy, but it's a daily occurrence. Other people have mentioned small rocks and stuff getting caught in the tread... that does happen, but not nearly as often as people made it sound. It's not that bad- but when it does happen, it feels really weird to walk.Overall, I LOVE these shoes!
B001VKXFTG Sweet Kicks So to make a long story short, these shoes are perfect. I was a little hesitant to order them because I had never tried them on before and I wasn't completely sure how they would look on. But the price coerced me into buying them and I was not disappointed. I have gotten so many compliments on my new shoes and I find myself wearing them quite often because they're comfortable and they help to give almost any outfit that sporty twist.
B001VKXHP8 Gift for mom I have these shoes myself in the pink and grey.  Bought them for my mother as she walks a lot and needed new sneakers.. she now swears by these shoes.Also, seller was great. Fast shipment and easy transaction.
B001VKXHP8 great 4 high impact! I work out a lot and am rough on my feet. I am currently doing the Insanity workout which is VERY high impact. My feet have been hurting in the shoes I was using. However I just bought the Voltaic 2's and my workouts have been SO much better. My feet never hurt and feel so cushioned at every pressure point. I LOVE them! Also, I had heard PUMA's ran small but I purchased them in my normal size and they fit perfectly. I would definitely recommend these shoes.
B001VKXHP8 PUMA Women's Voltaic II Sneaker,Dark Shadow/Silver This shoes are just awesome! Every body likes them and they are super comfortable. They are not too wide so if you have big feet these shoes may not be for you. I have used them for work, school or just to be home and they are the best. I really recommend these shoes.
B001VKXJ6U Great shoes! I always get compliments when I wear these shoes. Not only are they stylish, but super comfortable too. Perfect if you have wide calves since you can adjust the fit with the laces. Loooove!
B001VKXJGA good deal i got these shoes used & they were in perfect condition.these are not expensive shoes but nice to have in the wordrobe.at regular price I would not have purchased them. Ronn
B001VKXJME Rodalban?!?! At first glance these sneakers dont look like much.  I bought them solely for the price, hoping that the name PUMA will help these shoes shine.  I was not dissappointed.  At all.When the box showed up I immediately tore it open.  Giddy to see my new shoes.  I put them on.  At first they were a little narrow on my somewhat wide feet, but after breaking them in, they fit like a glove.  I am always skeptical when I buy a shoe that boast an outdoor make.  I ran cross country when I was younger and I have a pretty good idea at what a shoe needs to be successful running trails.  These shoes have it!I am the guy who would through a puddle rather than take the time to find a way around it, and I was pleasantly surprised that these shoes actually take to water fairly well.  They are not water-proof by no stretch of the word but they do offer some protection.  They handle mud like a dream.  This was my biggest worry.  I live in central Florida and from May to August it rains nearly everyday, not all day but at the least everday.  The traction on these shoes is phenomenal, they clean up easily, and the comfort provided while running through the many backwood trails keeps me in them practically all day long.  They are slippery on a wet floor, but what shoe isn't?  I really didn't buy these shoes for indoor use anyway, I have other shoes for that.Overall, I am glad to put these shoes next to all my other PUMA shoes.  Nike may be the number one shoe making company in the world, but they don't make their shoes to last.  I have a pair of PUMA Turins that are over 2 years old.  Aside from some stains on them they are still my go to shoes for sidewalk crunching.  I hope to add these to that category.I Love These Shoes
B001VKXPIM PUMA Men's Speeder Sneaker The thing I like most about the shoes is that they feel as if they were already broke in even though they were brand new. The rubber spikes on the bottom of the shoes do make a nit of a noise when walking and have a habit of picking up small rocks. Other then that these shoes are great!
B001VKXTLU Great shoes! Perfect fit for my son's very wide feet.  My son is very active, athletic, and extremely hard on his shoes.  These have lasted longer than his Nike and New Balance shoes ever have.  He's actually wearing down the sole of the shoes prior to ripping the soles away from the tops.  They are very well made.  I have been very pleased with these shoes and highly recommend them.
B001VKXX20 wonderful, comfortable shoes These shoes were worth every penny! I would buy this store again, service was great!
B001VKXX20 I fell for it so you don't have to Don't buy these shoes! Shoes fit well but the white plastic front and plastic back looked dark in color and scraped up after only A FEW HOURS of  careful wear. Nothing you can do to make them look better because its made of plastic which is easily stained and marred. I don't buy shoes strictly for the looks but it would be nice to have a pair of shoes that looked new for awhile. These won't! Ive worn them for a total of about 16 hours now and they already look horrible. Only a sucker would buy these shoes. I would know, i bought them.
B001VKXX20 Tight Fitting and Easily Scuffed If you are going to get these shoes I do not suggest going with black, as they tend to scuff fairly easily. Even the white one's scuff. As for fitting, they run pretty small. If you don't like tight fitting shoes I'd suggest you order a size up. Overall, when I ran in them I had no issues and found they offered great support. In my opinion these shoes are great for long distance running. If you're a sprinter I do not suggest these shoes, I tried sprinting in them and felt slow and a tad bit awkward. I gave these three stars because performance wise they are okay, the price is a little too much for what you get, and they get dirty and scuffed really fast.
B001VKXX20 puma voltaic II mens blk/slv These shoes would have been great if I had not recieved a pair that had previously been worn and returned!!! These shoes had white scuff marks all over the toe end and there was dirt in the treads. I can't believe they sent me USED shoes!!! I have shopped with amazon for years and have never gotten this kind of poor product. I was very disappointed as this was a b-day gift for my husband.Will probably start looking into a new shopping site since the quality seems to be going down and reaching a PERSON for customer support is impossible!!
B001VKXX20 Great shoes I totally forgot I even bought these, it's been years ago. Anyways these shoes are awesome, the only downside is that the plastic molding over the toe comes undone rather quickly.
B001YG5LZ8 Not as i expected The shoes look nice, just like the picture and quite comfortable. The main problem is that the shoes get worn out after few days near the inner shoe lace area, that disappointed me.
B0020IT25E Fun alternative to sneakers These shoes are true to size and very comfortable.  I liked my old canvas ones better, but these are nice as well.  I had to stretch the top of one of the shoes with a tennis ball, as it was cutting into the top my foot, but it is fine now.  I get a lot of compliments on them when I wear them with my workout or casual clothes.
B002C4K9QW Looks great, but not the most comfortable Puma shoes I own I have owned 4 pairs of Puma shoes, and these shoes look great, however they are not very comfortable around the forefoot. It is a very wide fit at the front of the shoe, making it feel very unsupported. It's ok for wearing once every now and then, but after taking these shoes on holiday and wearing them every second day, I started getting blisters. I haven't had these problems with most of the other Puma shoes I own.
B002C4KA9S Comfortable I've recently began getting Puma over New Balance and KSwiss due to comfort and quality. Puma makes high quality, great looking shoes, while keeping them comfortable. Isn't that the main point? One thing that buyers should remember when looking at these shoes is that they are bulky compared to many of what Puma produces. Though, these may be the best looking shoes I have ever bought. The picture does them no justice. Overall, I'd get these shoes for general every day walking. I'd look elsewhere for running shoes.
B002C4KANY Best Shoes Ever!!!!! I recieved my shoes today(the carcoal/grey ones).Great supplier, super fast delivery see that i was a customer thats item had to be shiped internasionally and to top it all off im very satisfied with my shoes. It has a comftable fit & a nice cusiony inside.Defnatily recommend  you to buy these shoes:-)
B002C4KANY Fun shoes! These shoes are very comfortable!  I really like the color, they are great with skinny jeans or sweats.  I wear a size 7 and always order a 7.5 with PUMAS, and they fit great.
B002C4KCUA stink! Too much plastic, not enough leather... within one wearing these shoes are junk.  Such a pity, they look and feel great.  I can't get the smell out.  I have never encountered this with quality shoes.
B002C4KFH0 Great shoes I'm in love.  Not the most cushy shoes ever, but the fit is PERFECT.  No laces to fuss with.  This color scheme is unobtrusive enough that you can get away with wearing them with a suit in formal circumstances.  Tons of compliments on them.  Best of all, I'm not limping by noon anymore.  Wish I could find a few more pairs in this color scheme in my size.  Best shoes I've ever owned.
B002C4KFXO hip, sporty and sexy looking perfect guy shoes these are very versatile, great feeling and long lasting shoes well made and they look amazing and are totally hip.......ive seen them at the foot locker and all of the sellers reccomend these shoes.......get em here because they are otherwise 80 to 100 at the mall or other stores
B002ECFBUQ for looks not athletics I bought these to wear with jeans not to run with, they are not athletic shoes and aren't support enough to be exercising in, but are comfy and look really great
B002ECFBUQ Excellent puma shoes!!! I bought these shoes after reviewed several PUMA models... and my decision was right! I feel very comfortable with my new shoes, Excellent product!!, look like in amazon's site. Buy trustworthy!!
B002ECFBUQ loved it I loved this shoes.  Perfect for my feet & worth paying.  The first time I wore this shoes it feels tight but after a while wearing outside, it is very comfortable.  Never hurts my feet.
B002ECFUCU Nice looking shoes, a little snug. These are great shoes: very comfortable, easy to keep clean, and they look pretty sweet. My only complaint is that when they first came they were a little bit smaller than the normal 10.5. It's not enough that I can't wear them, and they have stretched out to a comfortable level by now, but I still could have gotten away with an 11, which is abnormal for me to wear.
B002EENE3K Awesome design. Well first of all, when I got the package it was already opened . . . Then when I tried on the shoes one shoe lace wasn't as long as the other and so I started looking closer to the laces and noticed they are two totally different ones; Both black but different ones. Other than having to go the the store and buying new laces they shoes are freakin' awesome.
B002EENEDK not great for wide feet I like Puma shoes but I never wore these outta the house.  They aren't that comfortable at least for my feet which are kinda wide.  Also I found them to be a bit effeminate looking for a dude.  I feel like I'm wearing ballet slippers or something.  I'm not into soccer but I'd imagine that they are probably the type of shoes that soccer players might wear while they're running around doing what they do.  Jeans that normally look fine with other shoes end up getting stomped on underneath the almost nonexistent soles of these shoes.
B002EENFC0 Stylish and comfortable This plain and elegant looking pair of shoes is a nice contrast to the overly designed, busy looking, and bulky athletic shoes that most people wear as sneakers.The sole is thin, and it looks thinner, thanks to smart use of two colors. I love the simple design which makes the shoe look rather elegant. It is very comfortable, one of the few shoes I had that did not require a break-in period.In addition, for those who are old enough to remember, it is a subtle blast from the 80s.
B002EENI40 Cool looking shoes even for women! ;-) I've been very satisfied w/ the El Rey Cross performers. Especially as a women buying men's shoes. Men's athletic shoes run wider than women's. I was concerned that they'd be too masculine. These are really comfortable very great looking shoes! They even have an arch buit in.I am a 1st time buyer of shoes through AMAZON. I really don't have time to go shoe shopping these days. The shoes  got here quickly through FedEx. I'd consider buying shoes through Amazon again.
B002EENI40 good shoes love these shoes easy to put on, even when im on the go, awesome to us for everyday or when u go out to hit the parties
B002EENI40 great shoes these are pretty awesome shoes..I had ones that were very similar and found these which were in leather rather then canvas like my old onesawesome styleawesome fitgreat shoesgood price
B002EENI40 Great basic for most casual outfits. I bought 3 pairs of these for the last 4 years. I get more compliments on these shoes then I do on my more expensive high-end leather shoes. They feel great and secure (Will not fit wide feet). They mold to your foot and feel amazing once you break them in like a good shoe should do. Wear them with dark denim or black fitted pants.
B002EENI40 What a true disappointment I bought these for work.  The shoes are VERY tight.  My hope is that they will stretch a bit as they tend to be uncomfortable.I purchased for the PUMA name and looked carefully at the recommendations before ordering.  I now have the shoes and find that they will see limited use.
B002EENI40 Good shoes I bought these shoes cause they look great, but they're actually disappointingly uncomfortable.They fit as expected, but I also have purchased Puma sneakers before, so I knew to go a bit smaller than I normally would.  But these aren't nearly as comfortable as the Romas.  First off, the back rubs my ankles raw.  Not too big a deal, since I had the same issue with my Converse til I broke them in.  There's a cheap foam tape you can stick to your ankles to protect em til they get comfortable. The other issue is the split top digs into the top of my foot.  I'm hoping this will also resolve itself once the shoes are fully broken in.Until then three stars cause they still look good and aren't overly uncomfortable.
B002EENI40 My Shoe of Shoes I'm the type of guy who hates having to tie his shoes. In fact, I used to wear slippers everywhere I went because they were so comfortable and convenient I didn't care what other people thought. Then I think the girlfriend and some others felt it was time for an intervention of sorts.So a couple of years ago we went around town looking for the perfect lace-less shoe and it was very difficult to find. Almost none of the huge department stores carried any. Then we went to the mall and found these for about 3X the price in some alternative shoe shop and bought them.I have worn these shoes every day for the last two years and finally the side seam started to give out. I was so happy when I was able to find this same shoe on Amazon especially at this price.I love these shoes because they have style, but also because the are quick to slip on and comfortable. I have wide feet and these shoes are wide enough. They lasted two years of abuse that includes long walks, camping, fishing, lawn mowing and BBQ's.
B002EENI40 Nice Not too formal but not too informal which is what I like about these shoes.  Easy to slip on and off.  I've got 5 different pairs of these shoes.  Thanks
B002EENI40 EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED THESE R THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES IVE GOTTEN FROM PUMA YET!!!!!! I OWN 6 PAIRS OF PUMAS ALREADY, WITH TWO MORE ON THE WAY. I AM 100% DISABLED VET AND WITH BROKEN BACK,  BENDING OVER TO PUT ON SHOES IS NEARLY IMPOSSIBLE!! SO PUMA IS MY GO TO BRAND BECAUSE THEY HAVE MORE SLIP ON SHOES THAN ANYONE ELSE! & I PRAY THE DONT DO LIKE NIKE & STOP MAKING THEM.  1LOVE
B002EENI40 Great shoes The shoes were true to size.  I would recommend them.  This is my fourth pair, I wish they had a wider variety of color.
B002EENI40 Great Shoes I was somewhat skeptical about buying shoes from the Internet. But I thought that I would take a chance. I am glad that I did. These are the best shoes that I have ever owned. It feels like I am wearing socks all day long. I usually try to be brand loyal. I usually buy Nike but not always. I hope that PUMA continues to make this model of shoe forever. I will be a lifetime customer!
B002EENI40 I'd recommend these to anyone I love these shoes. I'm on my feet all day in a medical clinic and these shoes are perfect and comfortable.  In fact o even ordered more colors.
B002EENI40 Good Shoes, a tad tight 9.5 M is not really accurate. For most shoes, that is the size I wear. In these, I would have to get a W to fit correctly.
B002EENI40 Horrible The shoes are all wrinkled on the sides after 1 wear unbelievable I wouldn't purchase these shoes if it was for free worst buy ever from amazon.
B002EENI40 Lastest edition to my zoo of Pumas! Love these shoes!  They are very comfortable, provide decent arch support, no slip and are stylish.  I weear them with slim jeans or would look good with scrubs if you are in healthcare field (better than clunky, "sensible" looking shoes that most RN's wear UGH!).  I have many Pumas and have never had an issue with quality.  Shipped very fast.
B002EENIYA UNBEARABLE PAIN !! these shoes look really good and all.this is the most uncomfortable pair of shoes i have ever worn.the heel part is curved in and cuts into your heel..i was in pain after the first 4 or 5 steps i walked in them ...i have always found puma's to be comfortable, but not these..i am going to have to take buying these as a loss of [...]bucks..
B002EL3INY Great shoes! I'm a 21-year-old woman, and I own these in 7M. An adult wearing kid shoes? Crazy, right?Well, I love them. They're absolutely perfect for everyday wear. I've had these for about a year now, and they're holding up extremely well for the amount of work I've done on them. PUMA sure does make an excellent quality shoe! Definitely buy these for your kids...or for yourself, if you can fit! :)
B002EL3KQE Nice shoes.  It lightning &#128513; My sun like hes new shoes and it arrived at time also he likr the lights on the shoes. Thank you
B002EL3KQE cool shoes My son loved these shoes so we got him another pair.. Good light up shoes for an older boy (6 years old) without all the cartoon characters.. Love that they are not white and dorky!  Wish they made them in tie shoes though so I gave it a 4...
B002EL3KQE Such a COOL shoe! My five-year old son has been wanting a pair of "light up" shoes for a very long time and I thought these would make a nice treat for starting kindergarten.  I was SO RIGHT! These shoes earned me a coolest mommy award for sure.  Based on other reviews, I ordered up a size and the fit was just about perfect (with room to grow).  Pumas have a "kinder fit" system showing where the kiddos toes should hit - leaving about an inch of space in front of the toes.  At first I thought the shoes seemed a little too big, but my son assured me they were great, and I like that he will be able to wear them for a while.  We just received the shoes last night, so I can't speak to how long the lights will last...but they are super bright and work perfectly.  The solid color pumas not only light up but show the skeleton of the puma - totally like nothing I have ever seen before.  What a great effect! I promise that you will not be disappointed with this purchase. The shoes seem to be made a nice quality materials too.  (For the record, we ordered the orange/white ones in a size 13.5 - my son currently measures between a 12.5 and 13.)
B002EL3KQE Best light up shoes out there! I have never been a fan of shoes that light up, but these I could not resist for my 4.5 year old.  He and I both love the light up puma skeleton.  Other things I really like about them are that he can easily put them on himself and that he will choose to wear them (as opposed to simply wearing crocs all the time).
B002EL3KQE loved the light and the design great one good for school , My daughter liked the  light on it and the color is exactly the same  , comfortable and it made it  easier for  me to let her change her mind about the wheeled shoes and enjoy her new shoes with the light .
B002EL3KQE Bummer!!! Ordered these light up shoes for my toddler grandson and received wrong size.  When I called to report error they no longer had a size 8 so I returned shoes.  What I did notice about these shoes is that they don't seem to have enough heel support which, I feel, is needed for an active toddler!  I would not recommend these shoes because of lack of foot support.
B002EL3KQE Love these shoes!! The shoes are small so you have to buy a size bigger. My son plays in these shoes everyday and and all I have to do is wipe them down and they look brand new.
B002EL3KQE Finally shoes that both my son and I can agree to Light up boy's shoes that I can deal with.  Not too childish and stylish enough for my 4 yo.  Nice construction.
B002EL3KQE good ones (editing after 1 and half months) -its just ok These are cute shoes.adv:lightweight even with lights :) .While most other shoes with lights are heavy.disadv:Runs small. We had to replace with the next size .good for narrow feet.This might be the first set of shoes my son was ready to wear within a day.Other wise we always have to attract him to the new shoes which takes almost 2-4 days.Edit:No lights on both shoes .
B002EL3KQE not lasting I got these shoes for my 6 year old son because he LOVED the colors, design and the light-up puma on the side. I searched high and low for these shoes and payed way too much for the use we really got out of them. They lasted about a month. The materials are not very forgiving and with wear, they began to hurt and bother his feet. Big huge stiff crease and fold line on the top at the base of the Velcro where his toes bend to walk and with each step it pinched. Almost a stiff plastic feel. You cant return them unless they are not worn and still have tags on them :(needless to say we had to get another pair of shoes. Bought some $20 airwalks and they have already lasted 3x as long.
B002EL3KQE LOVE these shoes I ordered 2 pairs of these shoes and both kids adore them. They say they are very comfy and super cool. We had tried on some pumas at the store so we knew they ran small and ordred larger sizes. They are perfect
B002EL3KQE Very cute shoes! Bought these shoes for my 18 month old son, and they are adorable.  I love the light up feature, and they seem pretty comfortable for him.  The "cherry" color is more like a dark orange, or in between a red and orange, so don't let the description "cherry" mislead you - it is a nice color though.
B002EL3KQE Cool light up shoes My daughter, who is three, adores these shoes. She usually doesn't want pink on her shoes but she squealed when she opened the box. As she started to walk the Puma started lighting up. Again another exciting moment for my daughter. She can put these on by herself for gym class which is awesome for her preschool teacher.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes!!! I bought them two size bigger than I should have because there was no availability for my sons size. I figured he would eventually grow and fit the shoes, still waiting for that to happen. Eventhough they are big for my son, when they arrived he loved them right away! He wanted to try them on and was really excited because they light up! I love this shoes! hopefully he will grow to fit them soon!
B002EL3KQE Fun shoes! My son loved these shoes! The light up puma is great. The shoes are narrow and I ordered a size larger to wear later, but he is wearing them now.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes Fit and style is perfect for inside shoes at school. They do not leave lines on the gym floors and the light-up skeleton is a bonus.
B002EL3KQE Best light up shoes for kids My 4yr old wanted light up shoes and these Puma Speeder are more stylish than other kid light up shoes.  The light on one of the shoes did stop working after a few months. I still give it 5 stars because they seem comfortable for my son, they're easy to put on, decent material quality, and most importantly he loves the shoes.
B002EL3KQE Puma shoes are great! Granddaughter loves illuminating shoes and glitter shoes. Little girls like to show and tell with their shoes. Thank you very much!
B002EL3KQE Very nice shos I bought this shoes  as a present for my niece , and he sad they very comfortable and looking good shoes.
B002EL3KQE poorly made unwearable after 2 months. These shoes started coming apart 3 weeks.after we bought. The cheapest made shoes I have ever found. Ill stick with skechers and sauconys.
B002EL3KQE So many compliments! Love the shoes! A little bit hard but so adorable! It's his favorite shoes. The only con is he keeps kicking the seat in front of him when he's in his carseat, because he wants to see the lights.
B002EL3KQE Love this shoe! Love these shoes. My daughter has been asking for quite awhile for lighted shoes. The only ones I had see prior to these had princesses or characters on them. I don't like that. These were perfect! The skeleton on the Puma is classic!We've only had them a few weeks, but these seem very well made. It's too bad kids grow out of their shoes so fast bc it seems they'd last a long time.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes They light up with the Puma skeleton! After I got these for my boy I bought some in another color. They have pretty much every combination.
B002EL3KQE Very cute shoes My 4 year old loves her shoes -- especially the light up pumas. I like the welll lined straps -- most Velcro straps break down because they're not well backed and they usually break before the shoes wear out. Hopefully, these will see it last longer than the Champion brand shoes have.
B002EL3KQE Fabulous Shoes! These shoes are more awesome than we thought. When we got them we realized they light up a skeleton puma on the side. Pretty sweet!Oh, they fit well too!
B002EL3KQE My son likes them My toddler wouldn't wear anything but his crocs before we got him these shoes. They were fairly reasonable, in their plainest form, for brand name shoes, which we normally don't spring for, at least for a rapidly growing child. but he likes to put them on, has a blast watching them blink, and runs around in them like they are the most comfortable shoes in the world, so we're pretty happy with them.
B002EL3KQE Shoes fell apart within the first few months These shoes were perfect when we first bought them.  My 6 year old was so excited because the puma on the side lights up bright green.  However, after about two months, the puma stopped lighting up.  We have had the shoes for less than 6 months and the suede on the front and velcro straps has started coming off.  Also, the soles of the shoes are starting to come apart from the actual shoes.  My son doesn't play outside a whole lot, only for recess at school.  Therefore, I don't think these should have fallen apart so quickly.  Unfortunately, we are already needing to buy him a new pair.  I will not be buying these again.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes Purchased these for my 7 year old for his school shoes. I am pleased to report almost two months later the lights still work and the shoes haven't disengrated yet.
B002EL3KQE Blue Puma lights up Shoes fit my child very well and he likes wearing them.  In comparison he felt his Adidas Dragon shoes to be tight and uncomfortable and always wanted them off.  He will wear these all day long.  Everyone knows you run faster with light up shoes which is an added bonus.
B002EL3KQE Good shoes My child loves the shoes, especially the light up panther, wears them all the time. Surprisingly very light shoes but quite sturdy.
B002EL3KQE Great Shoes These shoes are adorable and very well made. The light up cat is very cool. They look like they will hold up to playgrounds. My daughter is around a size 9, so I bought a 10 and they fit her well. She has room to grow without her feet slipping out.
B002EL3KQE Perfect I received the shoes 1 day late, but I like it, it's exactly what i was looking for. Thank you
B002EL3KQE light up feature quit after one day Shoes look great, fit great (order up one size) but the thing my son loved the most was making the puma light up. Unfortunately after one day of use one puma is dead.....very inexcusable for such expensive shoes!!
B002EL3KQE good shoes Perfect shoes ,my son love's them.He likes to wear them all day,liht and strong material made,going to buy some more like this.
B002EL3KQE Good shoes Luv this shoes. Everyone was so surprised and ask where did i get this shoes . I like light up shoes
B002EL3KQE PUMA shoes LOVE these shoes almost just as much as my 2 year old does. I listened to the other reviews and sized up. My son is usually a 7W and I got an 8 and they fit perfect. Easy to take on and off and the fact that they light up is a bonus! This is his first pair of PUMA shoes and I definitely recommend and would buy again.
B002EL3KQE Cutest shoes ever!! My son loves these shoes, and I do too! We love that the cats light up on the side while most light-up shoes light up on the bottom. So we like that they are different. Plus puma has always been a cool looking shoe, and with a child that wants light up shoes, this is the perfect option. You get style and pleasure at the same time.
B002EL3KQE These shoes are just great Kids loves these shoes, are really fun, high quality made and comfortable for children, don't hesitate buy these and you'll see i'm right
B002EL3KQE the lights still work! Wylie loves his "puma cat" shoes!  I didn't even realize they lit up until we got them!  The light up is cooler than most light up shoes- it is the Puma's skeleton!  ALL his friends want some!  These kid's shoes kick butt!!!
B002EL3KQE Cute shoes but.... it is hard to tuck the feet into the shoes. the velcro on the straps are long so there is not much space you can widen the shoes to tuck the feet inside.
B002EL3KV4 kids pumas My son and I both love the shoes!He wanted light up shoes and I wanted him to have name brand.  So now we're both happy. :)
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes! I bought these for my one year old who is learning to walk. They are really lightweight and soft and still seem to support her feet well. I ordered her the size 5 and they fit perfectly. Love how they look!
B002EL3MCQ Great Shoes I love these shoes. They are very light and flexible. My son is very active, and usually the toes on his shoes get all scratched, but not these sneakers. He has been wearing them for three months and they still look great.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Shoes fit perfectly. My daughter wears them everyday.  Shows them to everyone in the family when she sees them....Now I have to get a pair for my son.
B002EL3MCQ Love these shoes! Well worth the money!! These shoes are very nice.  Basically, what you see is what you get.  They are comfortable and can last a long time my son has them and I am able to pass them down to my next one.  I would definitely recommend them to a friend.
B002EL3MCQ Great look and not too heavy My little guy (15 mo) loves his new shoes.  He still walks better without shoes, but these are light and only minimally affect his steps.  The Velcro straps don't tighten much. I intentionally bought them a little big, but since I can't tighten them much, they tend to fall off when he's kicking hard. It's a minimal issue and I still recommend these shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Soft flexible leather great for kids with sensory issues I'm shopping for Fall and immediately come back to where I have been for at least three years now.  Puma on Amazon. First of all, let me say that I try to save money, but after trying shoes from Target and Walmart for my ten-year-old son with sensory issues, this is where I go.Why?  First of all, the shoe works for him.  This particular model is nice soft leather (not every pair of Pumas are leather. . .read the description).  They don't seem to rub, he can pull the Velcro tight enough to get the fit he wants and they both protect his feet and still give him the "feel" of making contact with the ground.  He gets frustrated with laces and this Velcro seems to stay put and not start separating from the leather like some might.  And they last.  I bought two pairs last August (one to wear, one as back-up in case the other needs to go in the wash), and they still look decent many months later.  I have also passed down a couple of pairs to a younger friend and have been amazed to see him wearing them many many months later and the shoes, although looking more worn-out, were still protecting this child's feet.I don't normally pay this kind of money for shoes.  But I started searching for better shoes when my son's kindergarten teacher thought I was an inept mom at fitting my child for shoes when no matter what pair I put on him, he was always miserable.  These have been a blessing, at least for us.  But beware. .  . read the description, the composition of a shoe's parts can change from year to year and not every seller has a decent return policy.  Check on all of this before you buy shoes.  I have looked locally for these shoes and either can not find them or they cost much, much more.  Good luck on finding the right shoe for your kids.  But if you deal with sensory issues with shoes, consider these.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Those shoes are great, they are very easy to put on and off especially for kids. I think I will buy same model when we grow out of them.However, their sizes are smaller, I think I should have purchased at least 11.5 or 12 instead of 11 that I did.Pay attention to size when you order them.Other than that - great shoes!
B002EL3MCQ It's fit, and handsome The shoes are very comfortable, buckle design is very easy to wear off. I would recommend others to buy it.
B002EL3MCQ Very nice looking shoes These shoes look great and fit very well for my 14 month son.  I have a pair of adult size Pumas that look just like these.  Now we match! Highly recommend these to anyone that likes Pumas.
B002EL3MCQ EXCELLENT SHOES FOR KIDS GREAT QUALITY, PRICE, MY CHILDREN LOVE THESE SHOES, I BOUGHT THAT SHOES FOR MY TWO GIRLS BECAUSE THESE ARE VERY COMFORTABLE
B002EL3MCQ simply beautiful shoes Buy these shoes for my 3 year old, are of very good quality, soft, anti-slip soles, my son loved their new shoes. I strongly recommend them.
B002EL3MCQ I always forget not to order white shoes for a little boy Great shoes; very cute but very white! I always forget that little boys will get these shoes so dirty! But I cannot stress enough how durable Puma shoes are. They are very useful, practical and as far as I can tell comfortable. Every pair of Puma shoes I have bought my son for many yrs. now, seem to work out great and we love the brand overall.
B002EL3MCQ Favorite Shoes These were our favorite shoes for our son.  They were easy to put on and they looked great with shorts and pants.  We were sad to see him outgrow them.  We would have purchased them again for him, but we couldn't find them in his size.
B002EL3MCQ Cutest shoes, great fit, quick ship! These little shoes are adorable! The fit was perfect and they are easy on and off with plenty of support for my flat-footed toddler. Thanks!
B002EL3MCQ Awesome My 2 year old can put on and take off his shoes on his own thanks to the velcro system. Less work for me and my baby feels like a grown-up! Very stylish shoes. My son wears it up or down, depending on where we're going. They are super comfy and very easy to clean - I wash them in the washing machine. I will keep buying these shoes as my boy grows up. I love them!
B002EL3MCQ Perfect little shoe! This is the THIRD pair of these shoes my 2 year old grandson has owned.  He LOVES them and never wants to take them off.  Previous to finding these, we bought and consequently threw out several EXPENSIVE pairs of shoes.  They would bother him, or they were too clunky or not supportive enough and he fell ALL THE TIME, or they would not stay on.  These shoes stay on, feel comfortable, wear well, look good and are easy to get on and off.  We will continue to buy them.
B002EL3MCQ Love these shoes These shoes last my son until he need a new size. They are easy to take on and off and are very comfortable for him.  They are also nice looking shoes
B002EL3MCQ Light and great fit These are well made shoes and I really liked them. The velcro on alternate sides is unique. Some of the stitches in the front came off after they were worn once or twice. I wish that they some how make the thread last longer.  I had the same problem with other shoes but not this soon.  On the other hand, when the kid drags his shoes on concrete, I'm not sure anything will hold up.  Still I feel that the product deserves four stars, especially when buy at a good discount.
B002EZZRKC gross. they look great on the page but the color i chose (white and grey) look awful with every outfit. unfortunately it costs way too much to return so they will forever just sit in my closet. the shoes look like orthapedic shoes an 80 year old man would wear. should have bought them in black.
B002EZZRKC nice shoes These are very comfortable to wear and smooth to walk with.I got lot of compliments on these shoes.
B002EZZRKC Great Sneaker! When I purchased these shoes, my neighbor exclaimed, "They look just like you!" Now that could have meant any number of things, but I suspect she meant that they looked comfortable yet unassuming and softly gray around the edges. And I'd say that was accurate. I love these shoes--they fit well, support well and almost make me forget I'm wearing shoes. For my next pair of shoes I'm heading for the Pumas!
B002EZZWKW great shoes! I bought these shoes almost 2 years ago and they still clean up to look like they are new! They are super comfortable and the size is right on! Highly recommend!
B002EZZWKW nice, very afforable shoes! The shoes really looks great and its comfortable to wear too. It's clean and very neat design is quite impressive!
B002F0011G BEST work out shoes! These shoes are unreal-- comfy and light.  Promised myself I'd save them for working out--but already went hiking in them.  They are great for ANY type of feet.  Very true to size.
B002KAO9AU Fantastic shoes These shoes fit true to size and are incredibly comfortable. The slip on design is fantastic and makes it incredibly easy to take your shoes on/off. They offer a good amount of support and are very durable. I wore my pair for almost a year doing extensive walking and they held up admirably. The biggest problem they had before I replaced them was the canvas began to come apart from the bottom of the shoe around the heel, but things like that should be expected after as much use as I got out of them. I would recommend these to anyone.
B002KAOB9Y BEAUTIFUL SHOES THIS SHOES WERE FOR MY SON, HE LOVE THIS SHOES, USES THEM ALL THE TIME, ARE HAVE A BEUTIFUL LINE. ARE VERY CONFORTABLE.
B002KAOGJE Great Shoe! Until it started to fray So I got these shoes for a great deal, they have a cool design, fit well and are great for slip on shoes. Now these shoes would have gotten a much better review had they not started to fray in the area where other shoes usually form creases. I only walked with these shoes yet they began to disintegrate in less than 3 weeks and now they look a lot less sophisticated and much more bum like. Puma, great design, lousy materials!
B002KAOH4S Great Looking Shoes Shipping was timely. Correct Size. They look great. The high-tops are pretty high but that's a good thing. They're also pretty comfortable. You really don't even have to tie the shoes because of the velcro straps at the top.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes I love these shoes and they are difficult to find at any puma store. If your looking for pure white, this is the place. Exactly what I expected! Perfection!
B002KAOLGC Very comfortable shoes These shoes are extremely comfortable, and It was at a great price. I want to buy them again if the price is low.
B002KAOLGC Good shoes, but hurt  heels. I loved this PUMA shoes, they have a great quality and I really like the color and the leather, but they hurt my heels very much.
B002KAOLGC suck This shoes look cool but one thing I hate about this shoes is that on the tip top of the shoe leather is so fragile it bands so easy I can cut that part with a knife I was expecting a hard tip top leather I will never buy this type of ugly shoes :/
B002KAOLGC As expected the person who received these pair of shoes said me that they are great and really comfortable. he really likes its desing and its better that a thousand of shoes for him
B002KAOLGC Good shoes. I've had them for almost a month ... Good shoes. I've had them for almost a month now. They are great shoes considering the price. Several people have complimented me on them. I have wide feet, so my pinky toe had to do some adjusting the first week. The worst part was probably that the padding was very tough at first, but it breaks in some. Overall, I'm glad with my purchase. I paid around $30 including shipping in the end buying a size 10.5.
B002KAOLGC Nice Looking Shoe, but Doesn't Hold up Like Others To start, I like these shoes and I dont regret buying them. I bought these shoes about 6 months ago. They looked great new, and still look nice 6 months later. None of the colors fade, and the laces are built to last.The bad part about these shoes, and the reason I do not give it a 5 is because the soles of the shoes are not that good. After 6 months the soles have gotten much worse. There are a few holes and the padding has gotten much smaller. The soles are of lower quality than the average shoe.I would still recommend these shoes to anyone who thinks they look good. They are worth the price for the amount of time you get out of them.
B002KAOLGC Great Shoe I ordered a half size up because I prefer to wear shoes with a bit more room in them so that my toes can breathe. These shoes are true to size as far as I know from my purchase. They look great, and are long lasting (if you use them as casual shoes). I will buy these pairs again if I am of need of new shoes.
B002KAOLGC Great Shoe By Puma I was looking for some classy sneakers and I found them. Very comfortable,perfect fit and the first night I wore them a young couple came up to me and complimented me on my shoes.
B002KAOLGC Very nice I'm a little bit of a Puma fanboy but these are my favorite shoes. They're certainly not made for sports, running, or dressing up but as far as a casual shoe goes it's perfect. This particular line of shoes is made mostly of rubbery material which has small holes to breathe. The rubber is easy to clean, much easier than cloth or suede (I can attest to this because I have a pair of these same shoes made from mostly cloth and they very hard to clean). Overall, I highly recommend them. Comfortable, stylish, durable, and Puma is an eco-friendly company - you'll see when you get the 'shoebox'.
B002KAOLGC Buy em...I did! Great shoes! I get compliments all the time. Then when I tell em where and how much I paid for these, I get high fives and more compliments. These shoes go great with all my jeans and are really comfortable. Plus they're not your everyday everybody has em kinda of shoes. That alone was the best selling point for me. I like to stand out and apart and these do exactly that!
B002KAOLGC Awesome Comfortable shoes I bought these Puma shoes as a gift for my brother. He is a size 7 and they fit PERFECT! These shoes are extremely comfortable and very stylish looking. I would defiant buy again in another color. Great shoes a must buy don't hesitate!!
B002KAOLGC These shoes fit like a dream I got a lot of comments on these shoes when I bought them and I still like them.  They do get dirty very quickly (they are white after all) but if you can keep them clean, you'll be styling.  I need to always get 13 D shoes as they're a bit wider and I have monster feet but the fit really is great.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes for roofing I am a residential roofer and I need shoes that are flexible and have good sole traction.  These shoes off er both, yet are extremely comfortable.
B002KAOLGC Comfortable and great looking I was surprised with how comfortable these shoes are.  I typically where fully padded sneakers, and these are a lot thinner than what I'm used to.  I wear a lot of Adidas shoes, but these are light and your feet move really well in them.I've worn them in cold weather as well, and haven't noticed my feet getting cold.The black shoe with the white sole looks really sharp as well.  These shoes go with pretty much anything.  Love em
B002KAOLGC uncomfortable I really like the look of the shoe, that's why i bought it. When it comes to comfort these shoes suck. I wore them for a day and after around 30 min. of walking my heels started to bleed. I had to go back to my old shoes until i come up with a solution. I was under the impression that PUMA brand was comfortable/stylish. I guess not. I'm never buying from puma again.
B002KAOLGC I HATE IT Remember, this is just one man's opinion, but these were the most uncomfortable shoes that I have ever owned.  I wore them for about a month or two, and then threw them out. That's been 3-4 months ago, and my feet still hurt.  They look nice, and perhaps will work for young feet, but my middle-aged ones did not agree with these shoes:)
B002KAOLGC Great looking, but already shoes some sign of wear I have only worn these shoes for 1 day and they are already showing signs of wear. I work in an office but do some field work, but stil am disapointed that they are wrinkled already at the toes. Comfort is great! Please comment on the look, quality is a slight issue.
B002KAOLGC Good fit with room to spare. I got these shoes within two days of ordering them on Amazon Prime. The box these came in was a typical Puma shoe box with the red sleeve which is a plus. I typically like to leave a little less than an inch for my feet in case they grow on me and the size 10 I ordered fit absolutely perfect. The shoe itself also came halfway laced up already, so lacing them wasn't a problem.I wore them to a little party with some friends and got them a little bit dirty right off the bat, but it was surprisingly easy to clean them. I just used a paper towel with water and the dirt spots were gone. The shoes almost shine because they're so white, so it might be a hassle late to keep them relatively clean and spotless.As of right now, the tongue of the shoe is staying in place (I typically don't like the tongue slipping down to the outside of my foot). I've only worn them for a week so far so it might be a problem later, but it seems fine at the moment.Overall, for the price and the look of these shoes, I would most definitely recommend them. However, I would not recommend these as an everyday pair of shoes to wear. Since they are sparkling white, they will most certainly get dirty in a short amount of time. Unless you don't care about your brand new white shoes getting dirty, then feel free to wear them every day, but they seem better to wear a few days a week, or a night out or something.
B002KAOLGC So unsatisfied I bought these shoes about three weeks ago wear them less than ten times and they start to rip already,Plus it's definitely not the same as what it look like online, changed my mind totally about buying shoes online:((
B002KAOLGC I own 3 of these in different colors These shoes are SO comfy. To be honest, it beats converse! I have three different colors of pairs of this shoes and man I love it! It's very good for dancing too! I breakdance and this shoe makes it feel as if I'm barefooted! PUMA ROCKS!
B002KAOLGC cool shoes these shoes match every outfit i seriously recommended them.  cool color , and cool design, like i said you can go casual or sport and it will fit.
B002KAOLGC cool shoes Those shoes fit really well and they are really nice shoes. I wear them a lot and I love them. I would recommend them
B002KAOLGC Great shoes First time I have ever bought shoes from Amazon but man these shoes are great! I get compliments all the time on them and work well with jeans or shorts. Don't hesitate you know you want these shoes.
B002LH4RMM Most comfortable shoes ever! My wife swears that these are the worlds most comfortable shoes.  She has gone through one pair and now had me buy her two more.  She absolutely loves the support and comfort of these shoes.
B002LH4SF8 perfect for every occasion and comfy! This is my new favorite shoe and I am desperately searching for more just like them.I have the white and silver ones and I get more compliments on these shoes than I've ever had on any other shoe in my life. Perfect for dress, casual, and comfy enough for lot's of walking. I LOVE these shoes!
B002LVUYK2 Great Shoes I found this shoe and am a big fan of Puma, Where I live there is a very small variaty of Puma brand shoes. I received these shoes in a timely manner just as Amazon said. The shoe is very light and very comfortable. They also give great support. The only negitive I have is the plastic smell they have when I got them. They still weeks later have that smell. you can smell them standing up (I'm 6'3") and still can always smell them... No one has ever told me they can smell them. But I can...In closing I would not buy these perticular shoes again because of the smell but would buy from This Amazon Retailer again...
B002LVV0GE Tight throughout I always buy my shoes size 9.5 and fit me, what did not happen with this shoes, use several times to run and I damaged a nail
B002LVV12M Puma Shoes I love these shoes. Not only is the color awesome and people comment on them all of the time but they are very comfortable. I also thought that Puma seemed to be cheap and not good for your feet but I would buy Puma again.
B002QHW850 USED PRODUCT When I ordered these shoes I had done a lot of looking around for the best price.. and I found it here. However, I was only saving on shipping rather than a price cut on the actual product. So when my 2yr old daughter and I opened the box I was very shocked that these shoes were USED. CLEARLY USED! Both shoes had creases and wrinkles on the toes showing the wear and tear. Also, there were balls of sock fuzz inside the shoe.. as well as the worn price sticker on the insole of the shoe. Needless to say my daughter was very disappointed that she wasn't able to wear her new shoes.. and that same day I ordered a BRAND NEW pair from a reliable retail store and the only price difference was in the shipping fee. They were returned. Thank you Amazon for a huge disappointment for my daughter and myself.
B002RFQJD8 Great, but not great I bought the shoes a couple weeks ago and I had only worn them about three times between then and last week. I play pretty intense so, sure, I have to have strong shoes. With these, one of the spikes ripped off during my second game. They are great shoes, just make sure you run on your toes and try not to make too many sharp cuts! They have good grip, a good weight, and you can shoot very easily in them. My friend got the exact same pair because I recommended them to him. As of now, his spikes are wobbling and may fall off sometime soon. Use them while you can!
B002RFQJD8 Really bad! Puma is not a good brand at all, cause this shoes lose pimples sole in both pair of shoes, this is the last time that I buy this any puma shoes, I has already another shoes of this same brand, you can not wash it because starts discolour. this shoes are really bad
B002RFQLMM COOL!!!! I LIKE THE DESIGN AND COROR OF THE SHOES!!!!! HAHA I USED IT FOR MY SOCCER GAME AND I SCORED WITH THIS SHOES!!!!
B002RFSJD6 Great Maneuverability!! They fit amazing! These are the best shoes I have ever owned for soccer. I have a wide foot across the top and a small heel and these fit me very well. I am very impressed with the maneuverability I have with these shoes. I love the look, the colors are my team colors, and everyone asked me where I found them. Puma gets my vote from here on out!
B002U0KV16 Great shoes just broken too quickly I love the shoes. It works great on hard floor surface or thin turf field. Too bad the edge is broken after a year. So I guess the durability is not that good.
B002U0KV16 runs small the shoes are very good quality and look better than in the pictures. Great shoes for indoor and they provide good grip. These shoes do run very small and I actually had to return the first pair that I bought because they were too small so save yourself 5 bucks and buy at least one full size above what you normally would. Other than the sizing these are great shoes and would make good indoor shoes or casual shoes as well.
B002U0KV16 Nice Indoor Shoes. I got these for an indoor soccer league.  Feel good and snug.A couple things to remember:Order at least a half size higher than normal shoes (every review I read said that, and they were right).The sole at the arch is very thin.  If you have a wide foot, they may be uncomfortable.  I have a normal arch and average width.All in all, these are great shoes and they look awesome.
B002US8MGY Puma Men's Soccer Shoes The shoes are light weight and are holding up great for my son.  He says they have been the best wearing pair he has owned.
B002WC7Y9Y Excellent shoes! These easy rider puma shoes are fantastic! I bought these shoes for my first time almost 5 years ago. Today I received my second pair and I am very satisfied. I am a soccer player, a walking person and an adventurer who found very helpful the "easy rider puma" when climbing the mountains of South America. No words can describe the quality of these shoes. Try these shoes and no other shoes will be match for the easy rider ones.
B002WC87O0 Awesome shoes These shoes look great with jeans and are also great for gym. Very comforatable for everyday wear. They look similar to the very popular H Street which were discontinued in 2005.
B002X78OCO look great. REALLY comfortable though there is not much padding in the sole these shoes look great and are comfortable. there's not much padding in the sole, but i've found these are the shoes i'll always reach for since they are so comfortable and i can walk all day in them in the carpeted office or on short errands. they were comfortable from day 1 with no pinching or scraping.
B002Y4MAU8 great shoes Awesome shoes
B002YD8I1O Great!!! These are the best light weight shoes ever, you forget you have them on they are so comfortable it isn't funny
B002YD8KIK SUPER AWESOME SHOES!!!!!!!!! the day i got these shoes they were sooooooooooo comfortable to my feet. Ever since I got these shoes I've been able to run 5 miles in less than 30 minutes!!!!!! Thank You Puma!!!!!!!
B002YD8KIK Outstanding Pumas These shoes are great, they are comfortable, light and feel quality made, I have no doubt they will last a long time. I recommend these.
B002YD8MTM These shoes are made for walking I have a bunch of Puma shoes, because they just fit my feet very well, and they look good. They are my office and/or leisure shoes, not for running, not for bad weather. For that - I like them a lot.
B002Z12RU8 Awesome shoes! I was really pleased how fast the shoes got to me! It only took 3 days and they were exactly what was pictured. They are so cute and comfortable! I would recommend them to anyone:)
B002Z12RU8 Not comfortable I am a woman with flat wide feet and these shoes are not for me. They look good, but are not comfortable at all. I only wore them a couple of times and then I trashed them. What a waste of money.
B002Z12RU8 Cute but not comfortable I purchased these as I have wanted a pair of Puma sport shoes for a work out class and walking. They are light weight which is what I was looking for and they are also designed nicely and sleek. The down side is that they have little support and are not really comfortable at all. They rub on the heel and don't fit well. I am a ture 8.5 and rarely have issues with casual shoes. I was very disapointed and did return them.
B002Z12RU8 Meh These are my first Puma shoes,  but they aren't exactly the best purchase I've ever made. They look pretty nice at first (I chose the white/peacock color), but the shoelaces are thin and cheap-looking: it seems like they're going to snap after a few uses. The arches are pretty high and not exactly comfortable, but hopefully that will change once I wear them a bit more. My shoes don't fit too well- I am almost always an 8.5, but these are a little too long and only fit once I crank on the shoelaces. If you like Pumas maybe you'll like these, but I would check them in-store instead of ordering them if I were you.
B002Z12SV6 Puma Sabadella This is one of the most comfy yet stylish shoes I have ever worn. I couldn't believe how light it was. Yet it holds your feet and you can walk around in them all day. We have a strict 'business casual' policy at work but these shoes are no problem. Bought two pairs in different colors, and love them both.
B002Z12SV6 My oficial airport shoes I love these shoes and they have become my official airport shoes.  Easy to slip on and off for security can be worn with or without socks.  Comfortable and stylish.  Most flat shoes and especially ballet flats cut into the front of my foot, not these.  I love these.
B002Z12SV6 Must have shoes! Ok i have to admit that im a puma fanatic. I own many pairs of puma's but i reckon these ones are the best i own. They so comfortable, can wear them all day. Planning on buying the other color as well. These shoes is a must have!
B0030BFBUK Super Comfortable I can walk for miles in these shoes. They are super comfortable and my feet can breathe. They are the best sneakers I have ever own.
B0030BFF5Q The shoes are good quality, but overall not a good purchasing experience I received these shoes 2 weeks before falling very ill. I had worn them, maybe 3 times, just going grocery shopping and soon realized that they were just too narrow for my feet. My illness caused me to be immobile for 5 weeks and another 2 weeks of recuperation left me to doing the bare minimum. About 2 1/2 months after purchasing these shoes, I emailed the seller to explain the situation, asking if I could still return them. I received an email saying that I could not, because it had been too long since purchasing them. I understand that there are policies for a reason, but I am just disappointed that I spent $78 on a pair of shoes that I can't wear. I've since tried wearing them twice, but they are just too small, and I even ordered a 1/2 size bigger because I know Pumas can run small. Cute, well built shoes. Just a disappointing experience.
B0032NTGPC great shoes for a great price they actually feel much better then i thought. i bought these shoes to have as spare but I'm actually useing them as my main shoes now. they are light and very comfortable. it took one game to really get used to them because they were a bit tight for me on the sides but by the next game they fit perfectly.
B0036FT8WM Pretty rockin' kicks. I purchased these shoes through Amazon because, and I'm sure anyone with size 11 shoes will agree, it's sometimes hard to find shoes in stores.  I was not disappointed.  I've always been a fan of brightly colored shoes, and the comfier the better.  These are very slick looking, and pretty to look at, obviously.  My only complaint (and I'm sure this will fade in time) was a bit of rubbing over the pinky toe, but I think the more you wear them, the better it gets!  Highly recommended.  :)
B0036FT8WM Bought these in 2010 and still in excellent condition I have very high arches and can never find comfort shoes that actually look good. I am a florist and on my feet 8 + hours a day and wanted something cute and stylish, I tried euro shoes; ugly, boxy and tight and uncomfortable in the toe box, ( due to my very high arches) I saw these on sale and not only loved the color but the style. Fast forward to 2013 still wearing these shoes and still look good!! I washed them in a bucket of water with baking soda and dawn detergent. I let them soak to get the white part white again and they are as good as new. Love these shoes!!!
B0036FTB1A Great Shoes! These shoes are great! They are true to size and very comfortable. The colors are nice and the shoes are hot!
B0037KMNAU Do not buy these shoes These shoes would probably be alright if you stood or sat around all day, but don't ever kick a soccer ball with these shoes. I did. The toe of the shoe developed a small split. Within a week the split was 2 inches long.
B0037KMNAU I Love These Shoes. I've had these shoes before and when those finally had enough, I had to get another pair. I love these shoes they are very comfortable, breathable, and pretty stylish. The fit runs true to size. The shipping came early. All and all they are a great casual shoe.
B0037KMNCS Cool shoes, decently comfortable These shoes are definitely very cool looking. I get compliments on them all the time for their uniqueness and color. The shoe itself is pretty comfortable, I generally need to wear my arch supports with them although I usually don't and I'm fine if I don't walk for a super long distance. (they fit fine with the supports in them) There is not that much support built in and they're not overly squishy or comfortable but they are good for wearing if you're walking around for a while. The shoes needed a little bit of breaking it; they felt really stiff at first although they didn't give me blisters. I use them for outfits that needy nicer looking shoes when I need to walk a distance to get there(I go to school at a big campus). The tie-dye part is made of a different material then the rest of the shoes, it's shiny/plastic-y feeling but it doesn't change the comfort of the shoes. I would definitely recommend these shoes for someone that needs a nicer pair of athletic/ casual shoes for walking around in.
B0037KMO1S hard shoes this shoes looks so grate,BUT they are very hard shoes (almost)plastic ,after walking for 15 min i felt pain ,and i got big bloody blisters on my feetDONT BUY THIS SHOES,waist of moneyafter wearing they for 15 min now its goes in trash :((((((((((
B0037KMPVW Love it love it love it! It's worth every penny! But make sure that you choose the right size because I once read a review that she didn't like the shoes at all. She had bruises everywhere. And when I used it for my shopping a while ago, it came to my mind that maybe that woman just picked the wrong size for her. It's light, fashionable and great for walking. I bought these shoes for my oncoming vacation and I think these are great for traveling especially for the airport security. And the socks that you use for ballet shoes like these, it doesn't show up that much. I would highly recommend it for you! I promised myself to give a review when I get these shoes because it took me a lot of researching just to make sure I'm buying the right shoes. And so, I hope this helps!
B0038QP3C8 Horrid Shoes They're very uncomfortable.  Almost zero padding and are made out of cheap material.  Difinitely not worth the 60.00 i paid.  They're more like a pair of 10.00 shoes from Walmart.
B0038QP3C8 1980'S STYLE I was looking for his kind of shoes for a very long time, where I was born and race (Central America) everyone wanted those shoes back on the 80's. Something I remember is that this style had a thin black sole other than the completely white.although those shoes are very nice and comfortable. I am almost 45 year old parson and still wearing things like this I love them.
B003AU4XFK Great shoes! The shoes are terrific!! They fit very nice and are very soft! My 3yr old grand-daughters love them.  I bought all three of them a pair!
B003C0WRLK Excellent shoes The price/quality ratio could not be better.They are light, fashionable ( They had to be Italian), have an excellent grasp to the gym floor, and they allow your feet to "breathe".On the other side I had two personal issues with them, which of course do not apply to everybody. The first issue is that the shoe is too narrow and the second is the heel's support.I have wide feet,and this shoes are not designed for a "tamal shaped" feet, they fit sort of tight. Not a big deal for some, a big issue for others.The other problem for me is the support, or shape of the sole. For some reason after playing, my Achilles Tendons are reacting adversely, and are tender and sore.... this never happened to me before..... Could it be me? Of course it could, but I went jogging with other shoes recently, and my AT's were fine. Could it be a combination of tennis/ me ?, it could be too.If you are a middle age guy, I would recommend trying different shoes at the store, and then, if you can save yourself some bucks, order them on line.
B003C0WRLK sizing chart The shoes was perfectly fine and nice. What made me crazy was the available sizing chart which was completely wrong. The converting between US and UK sizes was not as on puma standard. For example: on the website, the chart indicates that an 8.5 US shoes is an 8 UK shoes and when I received the shoes I was shocked that the 8.5 US was actually 7.5 UK where it did not fit my size. This really annoyed and bother me a lot.Hope to correct amazon charts with the items standards that will be for sell.Regards,
B003EE48UM Good Shoe! I purchased this for my teenage son. He really likes this pair of shoes and has worn them for a few months now. They are holding up great and still look terrific. The fit seems to be true to size. He has no complaints.  Adding more to this review: it has been nearly one year and my son is still wearing these shoes. They have worn very well and still look good with a nice worn in look and are not torn. I recommend these for active teens and young adults!
B003EE48UM not really satisfied the shoes didn't fit at all. i ended to giving them away. i wouldn't recommend this site for shoes. i learned my lesson..
B003EE49MY Love them. These shoes are fantastic for the price I paid here on amazon which was $32. I never owned a pair of PUMA shoes until recently and now I own several pairs. These Comp Star sneakers are roomy all around the foot yet snug at the ankle. Meanwhile they're easy to slip on and off if you're one of those people that like to keep shoes tied permanently to save time. As far as I can tell they don't easily trap dirt on the bottom. They breathe pretty well and I forgot to mention that they look really sharp! (I own the dark navy ones).
B003EE6F6C great shoes for my kid It was very durable and beauty sport shoes my kid used, I will buy Pumas shoes again for my childrens i feel very satisfied
B003EE7SSQ Can't get enough I've now purchased four pairs of the Puma Speeder, and it probably won't end there. I wear these shoes everywhere: to work, to walk the dog, to casual social events, etc. I get compliments constantly on these shoes. They look great with jeans and are nicer looking than standard "tennis shoes." I work in a laboratory, am typically on my feet for 6+ hours, and these shoes keep my feet from getting too tired. My boss even compliments these shoes!
B003EE7SSQ At first I hated them,  now I love them The first day I received those shoes, I was seriously considering returning them. Then, the next 3-4 days, while wearing them, I was annoyed at myself for not having done so. The shoes felt extremely narrow (and I have regular feet) and thus, uncomfortable. If I were to write a review at that time, I would have given one star.But, chance made it that I really needed black sneakers, and so I had to live with it since I had no time for exchanges. A few days later, I had broken into my new shoes and now, I find them just lovely. They are comfortable and do not cause me any pain. Just the opposite! Sure, the beginning wasn't really pleasant, but now, I find them really nice. They are pretty, can be used with a variety of styles, and are of good quality as far as I can tell. And, it turns out, quite comfortable once you set in.I've removed 1 star for two reasons. First, the initial experience which, although it lasted just a few days, really bothered me. Second, because the lighter part of the outer fabric does not seem too durable -- I've had similar shoes in the past, and I believe that within a few months there'll be some serious damage signs on it and, possibly, tears.
B003EE7V8S Very nice shoes - Get lots of compliments Aside from being difficult to get on/off (canvas doesn't stretch) these shoes are amazing.  The colors are neutral and appealinig.
B003EE7V8S Love this shoes! I bought 4 pairs of puma recently and I think these are my favorite of them all. They come with 2 set of laces, blue and white. You can almost feel like they are 2 different shoes with them. If it helps, the shoes look way better on your hands than they do on pictures here on amazon! I got the blue/blue ones. I'm going to wear them for everyday use. They seem to be of good quality, this is my first day of ownership so I can't comment on durability but they do seem well made, though the sole is really thin, don't think they'll last more than a year but who knows. Beautiful and comfy pair of shoes, I recommend them if you like puma's!
B003EE9O4W Perfect shoes for my 3 year old to wear to Pre-school :) These shoes are very comfortable and very nice quality. I like that they are made with real suede and they are wearing well. Great color to match all of his clothes!
B003EE9O4W Good Solid Shoe We like Velcro shoes, but sometimes the Velcro doesn't last.  These shoes are high quality and can take a beating!
B003EE9O4W these look amazing I just got the shoes out of the box and they look amazing.  Sometimes when you by velcro shoes at a larger size (11) they don't look good, but this was not the case.  I know my daughter is going to love them just waiting for her come home from her dads so she can try them on.
B003EE9O4W Kids were very happy with these shoes The shoes fit great. My kids love the different colors. We'll definitely consider getting bigger sizes in the future. Price wasn't too bad either.
B003EE9O4W Great for growing, slender feet! My 3-year-old daughter is quite slender and I hate putting huge, unflexible shoes on her because as a toddler she is tripping so much anyways, I didn't want to contribute with clunky shoes.  I've been pretty picky about the shoes I put on her (loved pedipeds, but she's too big now).  I am happy to report that PUMA is a a new found favorite.  They are super light and flexible for little feet.  These ones are very stylish and my daughter can easily put them on by herself.  I did order a full size up, and because they are so well-fitted, there is plenty of toe room for growing without sliding around in the ankle.  Very comfy and cool.  Great colors for fall/spring.  They look great even after months of wear and I haven't even had to wash them.
B003EE9O4W Pretty nice shoes! My daughter loves these shoes.  She wants to wear them all the time, even when is in the house.  They fit her pretty well and more importantly, they are easy to put on and out.If there is anything negative I had to say about them it would be the price - a bit steep.  But considering the quality and ease of use of these shoes, the price is worthwhile.
B003EE9O4W Puma Shoes Theses shoes have Very nice design and look comfortable. But My son complains it hurts his feet. He refused to wear them.
B003EE9P14 Very Comfortable. Like the shoes. Size is perfect. The tongue of the shoe is a little annoying but nothing to bad. Will definitely be sticking with Pumas in the future. Very comfortable brand.
B003EE9P14 LOVE these shoes!!! These shoes are amazing...I wear them everywhere! I bough them in an 8.5 like I normally wear and they fit perfect.
B003EE9P14 Awesome Sneakers These shoes are awesome.  Feels like walking around in slippers!  I am a Phys Ed teacher on my feet all day and these shoes feel great!
B003EE9P14 Great shoes Beautiful shoes to use with jeans on everyday life. I do not recomend them to jog because the skin is really delicate.This color gray is perfect because goes with everything.The only thing not good I have to say is the size, Im usually 6, and i bought them in 6 of course, but they are a little bit bigger than other brands. This are my first puma, I usually have bought skechers for this kind of use.But in general it was a great choice, really beautiful and comfy!
B003EE9P14 i love the brand, but these shoes seem... a little off. the arch seems too high, and the back rubs my ankle. I always buy Puma, but this pair seems too big at times, except that the back is rough on my ankle. i like the shoes, they look nice, but the fit just seems a little odd.
B003EE9PBY Great Quality These shoes have held up very nicely for my daughter. She is really hard on her shoes, but these have been washed and worn ourside and still look new!They are true to size and unlike a lot of puma shoes, they are not too narrow.
B003EEBB16 Well made and comfortable I wear a size 14, and these shoes still look good even at that size. Not only that, but like most Puma shoes, they are well made and durable. They are very comfortable to wear when walking or driving in any condition. They keep your feet warm and dry when it's cold and wet outside, but aren't so insulated as to make your feet sweat when it's warm. Well worth the price.
B003EEBF80 shoes fit kind of big I got these shoes for my mom. She normally wears 7.5-8 and we bought size 8. These shoes were somewhat large for a size 8 and it kept coming off because there is no strap to hold the feet in. Not the best pumas I have purchased. The reddish color is a little darker than how it is pictured. Not the best quality.
B003EEBF80 completely not comfortable This shoes is beautiful. But it is not comfortable at all in the back, as a result you can not wear it!
B003EEBFI0 Awesome pair of shoes!! These shoes look great! Seem very comfortable and well made. I can't believe how little I paid for them.  Great bargain!!  The shoes always get complimented on!
B003EEBFI0 These are NOT leather shoes! The item description says "leather", but the top is made of synthetic materials that look like leather but are not. These shoes are also hard and do not look like the Puma quality I got to expect. The colors look nice and cheerful - but so far this is the only positive impression. Also, while most manufacturers post the info about used materials, I noticed that Puma started to avoid any reference to "man-made materials" in their synthetic shoes. This is a second pair I bought for my son that was marked "leather", while it was not. Other Puma shoes had clear "genuine leather" markings on the package. I wish there was a true detailed description or even package image on the Amazon website.
B003EEBFI0 Real shoes for kids who move fast Some kids just aren't movers, they can wear the frankenstien shoes from the department store. Some are like mine, the week she started to walk, she was trying to learn to run. We got these shoes as hand me downs, soon after she began to walk real well. They Helped Her Walk Better. Not an empty exaggeration. They fit naturally, flex, and have the tapered front and back. Where she was stumbling without shoes, she walked smoother and quicker with these right away. She outgrew that pair and we found these that were the exact style as the originals, just looked a little different. At 18 months these are her Forest Gump shoes, where ever she goes.. she is run ning. She will have them destroyed, but they get miles and they serve her well. People think you get them just to look cool, that we spoil her on fancy shoes. But we would be the last to do that, the money spent on such little tyke shoes was justified because they work.
B003EEBFI0 Great Shoes!! These are still my husband and my favorite shoes that we have purchased for our son.  Our son learned to walk in them.  They were supportive but still light.  They were well made and still look almost new.  His newest shoes are brown and white leather pumas that we love too.
B003EEBGQQ They're amazing! I absolutely loved these. I actually bought them for myself, cause I wanted something that would match all of my Husker clothes. =)But I wear them to work, wear I walk around all day for dress down days and I've also been in them while I've gone hiking a couple times. I was a little uneasy about spending $80 on shoes over the internet, but I haven't been disappointed. They're absolutely durable shoes and my new favorite.Trust me, they're worth the money if you have it to spend.
B003EEBGQQ Amazingly Comfortable and Stylish Shoes! These shoes are made for a runners foot! They also are so sexy! The arch support could not have been any more spot on! Great shoes!
B003EEBGQQ Great Shoes! These shoes look great and are very comfortable.  Too bad they are so hard to find now, I would by more if I could find them!
B003EEBGQQ Uncomfortable shoes I used these shoes for work (8 hours standing) my back and knees got really hurt from the not really recommended for work, the size is tight so take that in consideration. they just look good
B003EEBGQQ Great for casual wear Love these shoes for casual wear, they look great and are pretty comfortable.  I never intended to run in these because I need stability control and shock absorption...these shoes, in my opinion are lacking both.  But did I mention they look good!
B003EEBGQQ Good Looking, Value Shoes. Have have more "expensive" running shoes. These, of course, don't compare: heavier and it lacks air flow because it's somewhat thick. They do look nice. Good to wear if you're doing something and don't want to mess up you're better shoes.
B003EEBGQQ Great Comforable Shoes There isn't much to say about shoes beyond their level of comfort and looks. Since the picture says it all about looks all I can comment on is the comfort. These Pumas are quite comfortable and can be worn all day without a problem. I would definitely recommend these shoes, especially since past experience has taught me that Pumas are of high quality and therefore last quite a while.
B003EEBGS4 My new favorite shoes I bought these in gray and love them.  I found them to be true-to-size: I usually wear an 8.5 and that's what I ordered, and they fit fine.  My foot width is about average.  One thing to note: Pumas (specifically Speed Cats and Repli Cats) do tend to fit tighter and narrower than other sneakers, it's been true of very pair I've owned and it's just their style, so these aren't shoes you'd want to wear if you'll be on your feet for 10 hours straight.  These shoes are great and they look cool, but I've definitely had to loosen the laces after wearing them all day!
B003EEBGS4 For me! I love to order new black/white puma shoes. I will wear them later. I have my puma clothes to match to puma shoes.
B003EEBL8Y Not worth of money at all Got these shoes, and was so happy to see those, awesome colors. Next day my son(4) wears it for school and in the evening the front part of shoes looks like one year old, stitching coming out, leather from front gone.....oh my 50 $$. Expected more from puma and for $70 shoes. Better go for some other brand. True to size looks really nice...but not durable at all.
B003EECZZC Perfection does exist They have a nice longer/slender look, the colors are great, and pretty much the style is what initially sold this shoe for me.Then when I first tried it on, it was a lot more snug than any of my other shoes I had.  So snug, that I was startled to say the least.  I was a little afraid I wasn't going to be able to wear them, but after 3 days or so, I had a whole new definition for comfort.  They are now my most favorite shoes.  My other "loose" shoes are nice, but when I'm looking for comfort, arch support, and a cool style, these shoes are always there for me.I love these shoes.
B003EECZZC Sporty Look Nice looking shoes. I got the white ones and they can pretty much go with anything. Sporty look. A little snug so I had to adjust the laces so there isn't as much pressure on my foot. Really more pressure on left foot. All in all I like the shoes.
B003EEF1CQ Clown shoes! I really didn't like these shoes.  I have long feet as it is.  Given how wide the shoe is (particularly the toe) and how bright the colors were, it looked like I was wearing ridiculous clown shoes.  They were also quite heavy.  I returned it, learning that Amazon doesn't have free shoe refunds anymore and the cost of postage is quite substantial.I think the best Pumas are the Dallas, but I'm not totally sold on those shoes either.
B003EEF81U Very cute!! I got these shoes for my little guy because he was a little frustrated with trying to tie his shoes. These shoes are great for that preschooler he is ready to be self sufficient but does not have the know how yet. They are great for the independence they offer and they look good.
B003EEH7NM I wish they carried these in my size... These shoes are adorable.  And, I love that they are SO easy to put on.  My son can do them himself, but they don't look like baby shoes!  My son has always worn skate shoes because his feet are pretty wide.  These are perfect for him.  I know Puma shoes hold up well, so I'm excited that my other two boys will be able to wear them as well.  The only negative thing is that they cost more than I like to spend; but if all three boys can wear them, it will be worth it!
B003EEH7NM I want them in my size My husband wants the shoes in his size because they are so adorable and durable on our 1 year old. These shoes take a beating with crawling, walking, dragging, climbing and playing at the park. They are easy to put on and take off.
B003EEH7NM Puma shoes I bought this shoes before but I think the price was less I came to buy another one but the price differentPlease tell me why it came more??
B003EEH7NM Cool kids shoes Other than the lacing, these are pretty much constructed the same as adult shoes and of the same quality.  The colors on the images are true to the colors of the shoes.
B003EEH7NM nice shoes My toddler granddaughter has broad feet and these shoes fit her very well.  We have had them for 2 weeks and they seem to be wearing very well. And to top it all off she really luvs them too!!!
B003EEHAHA Returned Shoes looked better online.  I returned them because they were not a comfortable fit. I am sure they fit comfortably for others, just not me.
B003ES3ZWA Cute, Comfy, and soft leather These are so comfortable. The leather is so soft I can touch them all day long. Shoes are very comfortable and definitely the name JAZZ is the best name for these shoes. The metallic color is so pretty. The rubber bottom is very low and shoes probably won't last long but it's definitely worth purchasing these shoes.
B003FZ9TYA Great shoes , I recommend it Comfortable, right size (Some PUMA models runs smaller), I'm satisfied with the product. Be aware that these shoes gets dirty extremely easy.
B003FZGOC0 Always Reliable These shoes were just what I expected to get from Puma.  The size fit great and the are very comfortable.  I've tried other name brand tennis shoes but I keep going back to Puma shoes because of the cushioning support.  I have pretty flat feet so my feet always hurt when I run, but this pair of Puma shoes really support me with cushion.  I've had other shoes by Puma that had more cushion support to them, that's the only reason I didn't rate a 5.  The teal blue color is just enough color to make the shoes pop  but not feel like you have to match them with your workout shirt.  ;-)
B003FZGOC0 runs big I love the shoes but had to return them because they run big. I wear a 6 but they only had a 6 1/2 in pink so I ordered it and they were extremely big. I actually think I could fit in a 5 1/2.  The shoes are nice and very comfortable I actually got the same shoes for men for my husband in another website and he also loved them but his were true size.
B003FZGOC0 Puma shoes I found these shoes for my daughter for school, we had looked everywhere and could not find what she was looking for.  She got on the internet and there they were.  Free shipping was an added bonus!
B003FZGOC0 Amazing Purchase! I am a preschool teacher and was in desperate need for a pair of shoes that would stay comfortable after eight hours on my feet. These shoes are absolutely incredible! I purchased the black and blue pair and they work with every outfit and are comfortable no matter what I'm doing. I no longer have pressure on my heels or pain coming from the arches of my feet. I bought my normal size and they fit perfectly, a little snug at first but after a very short break in period (no blisters with these shoes!) they fit my feet like a glove. I would absolutely reccomend purchasing these shoes. From now on, all of my work shoes will be Pumas.:)PRODUCT UPDATE: November 2012I'm coming up on a full year of having these shoes and they are still amazing. They have been through the abuse of working at the preschool, running around and sliding on cement, rocks, and whatever else. These are my running shoes for my workouts on the weekends and my camping and hiking shoes as well. Even after everything I've put these through, they still look brand new! No severe wear on the soles, no problems with holes or weak spots. I LOVE THESE SHOES!
B003FZH80W Very cool shoes as iron man This shoes are fantastic i love it,its ferrari but i see that as iron man shoes very very beatiful buyng this
B003FZJWW4 Small but cool These shoes definitely fit a lot smaller than all other shoes I have worn. I had to send my first pair back to get a bigger size. Make sure you know this when you order. Also, after only a few days, a rip started to develop at the toe of the shoes. I was very gentle with them and was very surprised when I saw the rip. Aside from those things, I am pleased with the shoe, it looks great. The black is great for hiding stains in wear. Also, be aware that these may look like jordan's to most people at first glance because of the way they are colored. I give the shoe a 7/10
B003FZJWW4 Love them Great looking shoes, I like to wear then to work with a casual black or white shirt and diesel jeans.
B003FZJWW4 Happy Comfy shoes, easy to clean. Sizing is very accurate. Only gave 4 stars as they are not the most supportive shoes, but they look great.
B003FZJWW4 Great Shoes! There isnt much to say about these Pumas. They are comfortable and look good. If you like this style you cant go wrong with these sneakers.
B003FZL4YS Great shoes!!!! I ordered these as a Christmas gift for my mother-in-law. I have a similar pair and I LOVE them! They are so comfortable. I really love the sleek design and low profile. They are less bulky than typical athletic shoes. They can be worn casual with blue jeans or shorts but still be worn working out. I use them for Zumba and they are great!
B003GQ1M70 Fantastic shoes My son has skinny feet fits perfectly - great for climbing - and being a boy in the hot weather.Velcro makes my life easy. I buy them in every size. He hates trying on shoes -they never fit.All Puma's are an excellent fit on him.
B003GQ6QW6 Puma sneakers I bought these shoes for my kid and he abused them. He runs with them, he skates with them, he rides his scooter with them and I got to say, these Puma shoes are holding its ground. So far, they have been a great buy.
B003LY4NK0 Didn't last too long The tip of the shoes started to come apart after a jog on a wet field. I didn't have them for very long. Yes they are comfortable and they look nice but i do not think these are original puma shoes. There is no puma stamp at the bottom.
B003LY4R3I Love these shoes! It is rare to find size 11 1/2. These shoes fit well and have great arch support which I need for plantar faciitis. My feet do not ache at the end of the day. Best of all, they come in purple!
B003LY4VNO Excellent Karting Shoes I got these shoes for my son to replace his existing PUMA karting shoes.  He loves the design and I like the fact the dirt does not show up quite as readily and after five races they are pretty sturdy.
B003LY4VNO Perfect! These shoes are the best at what they are ment for! The shipping was great, meaning that I got the shoes before the expected time, and the price is nice too.
B003LY4WGA Just have to break it in The shoes are true to size and fit well. A bit narrow when I first put them on but they broke in quickly. Its comfortable and great to play soccer with. The quality of these shoes match up to much higher priced shoes like adidas and nikes so its a good buy.
B003LY4XLY perfect shoes for perfect price These shoes are perfect for the price I like them a lot just not for kicking with your toe but now I can curve from farther and better
B003LY4XLY Comfortable shoes, take a while to work in These shoes are comfortable for playing soccer.  My biggest complaint is that the laces don't stay tight, so I Feel like my shoes get loose quickly. I bet if I got other laces it would fix the problem.  Lightweight, and they were a great price for cleats too!
B003LY51Z6 great shoes I've been using these shoes for two months now. All in all, I'm completely satisfied with them. Not only are they comfortable, durable and practical, they are also really sleek. I like how the toe is round-shaped, and the little black thingy that holds shoelace gives a interesting vibe, making a black/white contrast.Though they are made as running shoes, I generally wear them as if they are sneakers. Maybe a little too athlethic-looking, but they work as sneakers just fine.
B003MAJWCW Women's Puma Shoes Words cannot express how comfortable, light, and easy to walk in these shoes are. They are light enough to where you barely notice that they are on with arch support that helps improve your posture and relieve your feet for long walks. The fit is spot on and stretch a little with about a month of use; the laces are easy to tie and slide through each loop with ease. The rubber on the bottom though will not stop you dead in your tracks, but will give you enough traction for everyday use. Another plus is that the leather resists creasing and cracking very well. Overall these shoes are for anyone that wants a light shoes that won't weigh you down and will help ease your feet with each stride.
B003MAJWCW Love these shoes I bought these shoes for myself and after reading the reviews I went a half size bigger. They are very comfortable and light weight. Very happy with my purchase looking forward to buying more of these kind of shoes just different colors.
B003MAJWCW zumba shoes They are lighter weight than my previous Zumba shoes.  I have worn them twice to Zumba class and like them.
B003MAJWCW Not for the price After walking through a MOIST grassy field, my shoes got soaked through. And with one time getting wet, the pressed paperboard in the bottom split along the soul such that it pops out every time I take my shoes off and feels lumpy when I walk. I've had these shoes for one month.Also, the colored trim gets beat up very quickly. Within two weeks, these shoes looked a lot more worn than they should have.I expect at least a year out of full-priced, name brand shoes. Two months is very disappointing.
B003MAJWCW like them these are just simple shoes that go along great with tshirt and jeans. I would definitely buy again when I wear these out
B003MAJWCW Very Satisfied I really enjoyed that it didn't take very long for my shoes to arrive in the mail. I love the shoes too, they fit perfectly and the are comfortable.
B003MAJWCW awesome shoes I recommend these shoes to anyone with feet problems. I have diabetic nerve damage (neuropathy) and my feet feel so much better.
B003MAJWCW love it, but...very loud shoes These shoes are very comfortable, they fit true to size and are well padded.  But the surface of the sole and the solid padding make them very loud when walking on non-carpeted/padded surfaces, even when you are tip toeing.
B003MAJWCW Very commfortable shoes These women shoes have satified all the expectatives and commfort that the user was waiting for, the only thing i can say is that the shoes are made for all around terrains with a very high durability.
B003MAJWCW very comfortable shoes my mom liked much these shoes are very comfortable and are a great affordable price! worth making the purchase! brilliant
B003MAJWCW Puma tennis shoes They are exactly what I was looking for.  They arrived early brand new in the box.  I love these shoes.
B003MAJWCW Good Shoes great shoes.. gray is a nutrual color, so they work for just about every outfit... but not much traction on the bottoms.
B003MAJWCW Great LONG LASTING shoes My family is big on going on family vacations!  One of my families' all time favorite trips, is going to the " Most Happiest Place On Earth," Disneyland!  Being HUGE Disney fans we usually go as a family, every year.  The only delma that we had is that all of the young ones would get tired of walking around, and would complain of their feet hurting.  So that's when we decided to invest in good shoes.  When we discovered Keens and Pumas we knew that they would be great shoes for us!Keens and Pumas are cute and comfortable shoes.They have laces or velcro, that allow the shoes to stay good and tight, on your feet.  They are good quality also.  We have had our Keens for about a year, and they still look bran-new!  I have also had my Pumas for about 6 months now, and they are still in really good shape also!If you are looking for good long lasting shoes, then I highly recommend Keens and Pumas!  They were FANTASTIC shoes for us, and they will be FANTASTIC shoes for you!!
B003MAJWCW Great shoes! The shoes arrived on time and fit just as expected. The leather is nice and the shoes are very comfortable to walk in. The colors were also just as described on line. Great purchase!
B003MAJWCW These shoes run big. The shoes run big. I wanted to return them, but could not reach the seller. So I had to keep them. They are just sitting in my closet. I cannot find anyone that fits in these shoes. I ordered a 6 and I should have gotten a full size smaller, like a 5. They are pretty, but just way too big.
B003MAJWCW PERFECT for Zumba I got these shoes to wear for Zumba. They are prefect for all of the side stepping, cha cha chas, and pivots. I am a dancer and I feel like I am wearing ballet slippers! The arch support is phenomenal. They are extremely lightweight with the perfect amount of traction for aerobic dance. I cannot tell you enough how perfect these shoes are for Zumba.They look so wonderful with a nice pair of jeans. I wear them often for casual dates and errands alike.For me they ran true to size. I would recommend measuring your foot and comparing it to the sizing chart. Especially if you are between sizes. I have many athletic shoes that are 8.5 and 9. I wore an 8.5 in these. A 9 would have been too big.The material is synthetic but surprisingly breathable. The material makes them very easy to clean.Great shoe!
B003MAJWCW Comfortable and supportive I really love these shoes. They fit comfortably and have fairly good arch support. The bottom of the soles are really slippery but that would be my only complaint.
B003MAJWCW Puma Sneakers When I received the shoes, the shoe string on one of the shoes was "yellowed" I took a picture and sent it in, but I never received a response.
B003MAJWCW Great Shoes! These shoes are wonderful - very comfortable, they go with almost all of my outfits, and I get loads of comments on them! My only complaint is that the other colors are different prices! I would have loved the white ones with orange/pink trim, but they were $30 more!!
B003MAJWCW I LIKE THIS SHOES I LIKE EVERYTHING OF THE SHOES, THE ORDER WAS EXACTLY THAT I WANT: I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS SHOP
B003MAJWCW Great shoes These shoes are awesome, I read where people said these shoes run small but thY didn't see to be the case for me. I find these shoes are comfortable and look great.
B003MAJWCW The shoes look better then they feel The shoes fit ok.  They're not as comfortable as my other Pumas.  They look nice but a little spacey around the top, after lacing.
B003MAJWCW Great buy I loved the shoes, real comfy and fashionable. The sizes are actually awesome. I will definitely recommend this product to others that i know.
B003MAJWCW Gotta Love Puma Once again, Amazon is able to procure Puma tennis shoes and sale them to us.  The Soleil tennis shoe is very light and fashionable.  I call these my driving shoes, they Sharp Green flows with my Kia Soul too.  Great shoes, I've had no problem with the fit, 6.5 is 6.5...there is no rocket science required. Love em'
B003MAJWCW Sleek and comfortable The soles were immediately comfortable, but the leather on the top of of the toe took some breaking in.  At first, the crease that formed was very uncomfortable.  That issue took care of itself after about a week of breaking in.The shoes are as classy looking as shown in the photos.  The one odd thing is that the the laces are very ribbon-like.The bottom line is that I'm happy with the shoes, and I would recommend them.
B003MAJWCW These shoes are the most comfortable ones Ive' ever owned. I will recommend these shoes to all of my friends and family. They are well made and very comfortable. The cost of these shoes was very reasonable and the quality is good. I would order similar shoes any time I'm in need of new shoes.
B003MAJWCW great shoe These shoes are very comfortable but wear out quickly, but most shoes that are this style do so it was expected. They fit just like other pumas and gave me no trouble.
B003MAJWCW Not happy I have worn Puma before.. I thought these were the same ones, apparently I was wrong! These are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn!!
B003MAJWCW Great shoes These Puma shoes are fantastic. They are light weight but have great support. They also run very true to size.
B003MAJWCW Great shoes I get a lot of compliments on these shoes.  The only thing I don't like about them is that they don't breath and get a little hot but I was expecting that.  Also, after a few wears, a crease across the front appears and collects dirt so cleaning is a must.
B003MAJWCW Uncomfortable, Not Correctly Sized, and Overpriced PUMA Soleil Leather shoes were returned for refund because they were not only larger than the usual cut for size 7-1/2, but the uneven construction inside the shoes were uncomfortable and would have hurt my feet when walking (the inner soles were not smooth but had some type of seam across the upper portion).  I purchased a pair of PUMA walking shoes about a year ago that I have been trying to find -- and while these PUMA shoes that I ordered looked like the pair I was trying to find -- they were not.  They are uncomfortable, not correctly sized, and overpriced.
B003MAJZWO Awesome shoes I just got these shoes the other day in the Black/Gray/Pink colors. I wear a 6.5 and the fit is perfect and feels really comfortable...and I'm pretty picky about athletic shoes. The treads grip really well and the shoe feels light. The only thing to be aware of is that the color in the picture does not match the actual shoe. My gray shoes came out to be pretty dark compared to the lighter gray shown. But I still like the shoes, so no biggie. I've never bought Pumas before but I am happy with this purchase.
B003MSMI2K great most comfortable shoes I have ever bought. The best value for these shoes. I would recommend them to my friends.
B003MSMI2K Great golf shoes These are simply the best golf shoes I've owned. So good I now have two pairs and don't wear any other brand. Very comfortable with great stability and traction when hitting shots and they look the business.
B003MSMI2K These shoes are awesome! I bought these golf shoes for my husband.  He has a wide foot and typically wears a size 11 wide but after reading some of the reviews, I got him the 11.5 wide and they fit perfectly.  He says they are the most comfortable golf shoes he's ever worn.  This is the first time he's had PUMA's.
B003MSMI2K Best golf shoes I've ever worn I was shopping shoes for awhile, and when they went on sale on Amazon, I jumped on it.  This being my first pair of Puma golf shoes, I had high hopes but had no experience.  A few rounds in, these are easily the most comfortable golf shoes I've ever worn.  Highly recommended.
B003R4ZMYK great shoes This shoes are really comfy, the finish is very cool, they are like walking in a cloud, i love this shows
B003R4ZMYK favorite shoes have purchased 3 pairs of these shoes over the past two years, they are comfortable and come in great colors
B003R4ZNJ4 Nice shoes, but... These shoes look great, however the fit is a bit snug out the box and cuts into the top of my foot. Likely should have bought them a size bigger if I'd known, but I don't typically by Pumas.
B003R4ZOKC Nice I have been a big fan of their shoes. I have had two other pairs like this one. I wear them all the time. I wish they still made the brown with yellow stripes. I much prefer that color combination. These colors are ok. The shoes are comfortable and look good and are a good choice if you are looking for a shoe that you can wear with just about everything.PUMA: think about bringing back the brown and yellow. They look much better!
B003R4ZOKC Great for race day, not everyday. First let me say that at $38.00, this is a good bargain for Puma shoes. They have great construction and are very light, hence the 4 star rating. I would give a 5 star except for a couple of things. First, these shoes are narrow. I do not have wide feet, but these were a bit unbearable. Second, make sure you take a good look at the sole. The tread looks more like a race type. There are big gaps in between the treads. Great for grip on the track, but not so good for everyday running or wearing to work. I can see these only lasting a year tops for everyday use. Too bad Amazon does not have a free return policy for shoes like a lot of other shoe websites. I can't see a lot of customers actually going to the local shoe store and trying on the exact pair of shoes before purchasing them on Amazon to make sure they fit. Oh well, back to Amazon they go...less $10.00 for shipping.
B003R4ZOSO Puma shoes I bought these shoes for my son and he loved them! Great value for the price and they look good too. Pumas are his favorite shoe.  Was very satisfied with them ,would buy them again.
B003R4ZV32 Sweet!!!! I received these shoes within 1 week after placing the order I was wrapped especially being on the other side of the world (Perth, Australia)I'm over the moon with my purchase! The shoes look amazing and feel so light it feels like you're not even wearing them!
B003R4ZVWI Great indoor soccer shoes, my first pair This is my first pair of indoor soccer shoes. I just got into indoor soccer and since my feet are huge i had to get a size 13. The grip on the bottom is good. The shoe is very comfortable. I had to break them in and for the first time playing soccer in them they kind of hurt my feet on the edges by my toes. but once broken in feel fine.The reason why i give these shoes a 4 star review is because of how much stretching i had to do to one of the shoes. My feet are pretty wide and these shoes are kind of narrow so i had to stretch them out a lot. But other than that they are a great pair of indoor soccer shoes. i recommend them to anyone.
B003U6ZTK2 Fantastic shoes My girl and I love the shoes so much..it's look better than on picture. Fit exactly for my girl.. I will buy 1 more bigger size for her. So when shes grows up, she still wear those nice shoes.
B003U6ZTK2 Great shoes, durable for my preschooler! I initially bought this style shoe last year after a winning night in Vegas - the only way I can justify spending $35 on kids shoes. Best purchase I made. The shoes were great in all weather, all seasons and lasted well over a year. Once she grew out of them we immediately bought a new pair. She gets complimented on her shoes almost every time she wears them and I get asked where I found them. This is a great product!!
B003UBTQJW The cutest crib shoes Our grandson has had 3 pairs of these. Every time he out grows a pair we get another because they are so cute. They are very soft shoes but well made. Perfect for an infant. Now he's on to the actual Drift Cat shoes with a sturdy sole as he is walking or should I say running.
B00416BUOY baby puma shoes in red Love these shoes.. amazing fit and love the soft soles... my son doesnt mine wearing these nice light weight shoes
B00416BV4S shoes for my nephew My nephew is very hard to please with shoes; however, these shoes fit the bill perfectly for my sweet 9-year-old nephew!  Soft, flexible, good fit, and velcro!
B0042AMTOE love it!!! comfy!! I got these shoes for my mom. She normally wears 7.5-8 and we purchased a size 8 and they fit well. These shoes are so comfortable and especially with the strap it makes it look cuter. My mom had these shoes for about 6 months and the sequins are all still attached to the shoes. Will love to purchase more in the future in different colors.
B0042AMTOE "dressy" and comfortable! As a third grade teacher, I am on my feet all day. These shoes are great; they have a comfortable tennis-shoe feel but the look of something dressier. I wear them several times a week with skirts and pants and have gotten many compliments on them.
B0042AMXNQ great design but not comfortable it's a beautiful shoe but the material is very hard. it's uncomfortable to wear and noisy on the street. i did not expect that because all puma shoes i have ever had where VERY comfortable and very robust. i love them all but sent this one back...
B0042AMYUS Great Shoes These shoes are great! They are comfortable and are a nice color that really go with about anything. I will definitely by shoes like this again.
B0042AN0PG Swwet Shoes! I love these shoes! They are comfortable and stylish.  I have gotten nothing but great complements from them. Well worth the money!
B0042AN2K4 I just wish I have had bought this shoes earlier! I never really have had bought a pair of puma shoes before, and during black friday I was looking for a new one just to add my new style. And I found this Future Cat Remix Puma sneaker -- black leather with the red strip on it. I knew just when I looked at this shoes that it was gonna look great on me, and it is! The design of the shoe gave a very slick, casual, and sport look that I could wear it for most occasions. The black leather part gave a sheeny but not-so-shiny look, and when that combined with the slick design of shoelaces (which is moved to the side of the front foot rather than in the center), and the contrast red strip of puma cat, this shoe turned out to be the best casual shoe that I liked the most so far. Very comfortable to take off. The inside part is embedded by soft synthetic material which yet makes me feel very comfortable to wear. Definitely recommended!
B0042AN4C0 best shoes I have ever bought These are my first Puma's I got them 1 size larger than my usual 12, normally wearing sk8ing or basketball shoes these are a completely different feel so they took some getting use to. But after some breaking in I have come to the conclusion while these are not the most weather resistant shoes they are the lightest most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased. The right shoe came with a small scuff on the toe thats almost unnoticeable and for half off I can't complain.Because these shoes are so light they feel like they should turn to rubbish soon but there's a toughness and quality to them that makes me believe otherwise. So far I have worn them for about 3 months without being to rough and haven't noticed any of the normal strain damage on the sole I usually develop so far. I'll update when I start to see some damage if I remember.
B0042ANT48 Amazing buy and beauty shoes, Happy!!! This is a excellent order that I did in this year 2012, It is really good and fit, also I like the style. This shoes was my first order made in amazon and I feel satisfied with amazon and my buy. I recommend it. :)
B00439GBOS shoes another gift purchase for my son. H said these athletic shoes were/are very comfortable, and he has gotten alot of wear out of them.
B00439GBOS Great Bought these shoes and came in a pretty fast timeframe (1 week).Came in a big box as well as the shoebox inside the big box. Thes shoes as well as the shoe box was in pristine condition.Would buy shoes again on Amazon.
B00439GBOS comfortable very comfortable shoes, look good, very blue, these are my first puma's and I will buy more in the future
B00439GBOS GOOD SHOES ! Have many pairs of Puma shoes, so I wasn't surprised at the fit or the look of the shoe when I received them.  Since I have a narrow foot, Pumas seem to fit very well in that regard, although wider lasts are available.  They have always shipped their shoes out very quickly, so I have always received great delivery times.  Their shoe graphics are always very sharp and creative, which another reason I buy them.  No complaints, just praise for Puma shoes !
B00439GCEM Love them, but they didn't last =\ Bought these shoes as work shoes as I walk around A LOT throughout my work day and I don't want to ruin my feet in heels.  The inside felt really fluffy, but didn't cover the entire inside of the shoe so my feet would actually slip to the side of the shoe off the inside cushion, which was a little obnoxious.  Nothing I couldn't deal with.  What I can't deal with is after 3 months of wearing them pretty much every day for work, the sole at the heel started to wear and squeak everytime I took a step.  Sigh, it gets really annoying as I can't take a step without that squeaking.  I love these shoes though so I may buy another pair to see if maybe I got an anomaly?
B00439GCEM Happy I ordered!! I am always leery of ordering shoes online because I am very finicky and would prefer to try them on first...but I am happy I ordered these!!  I read a couple of reviews before I ordered and was surprised the ones that said they were true to size and fit wider feet were true!  I took a chance because I have wide feet and I like a lot of toe maneuverability so these shoes worked fine not to mention they are very pretty! (I got the grey color)
B00439GCEM A very bad shoe I would not recommend buying these shoes because they are synthetic and your feet will be sweaty after 2 minutes walking.  I cannot wear them in good weather, becuase I hate stinky feet. So I regret buying them. People, do not be gready, spend 20 dollars more but obtain good shoes.
B00439GCEM Love my new shoes! So happy I ordered these! They are great quality and actually make my feet look smaller. The first day or two was not very comfy but that is the same with all shoes. Once I broke them in they are super comfy. They look great with work slacks or jeans. The quality is good too. Minus that dog hair sticks to them, but they are suede and it is expected. My only complaint would be that they seem to retain odor. None of my other shoes have smelled before a year. I have had these 3 days and I am already febreezing them.
B00439GCEM These shoes have everything. These shoes look great;are the superior quality that you expect from this brand,and are even more comfortable than i expected.
B00439GCEM Great shoes! Shoes are absolutely perfect! I run around at work a lot and was a little worried about wearing them the first day. To my surprise, they fit like a glove and were comfortable all day!
B00439GCEM Comfy I used for casual dressing, usually with jeans. They are comfortable to walk in, and they look great. These shoes are not flat at the bottom and probably would suit people with curved feet better.
B00439GCEM Nice for dance but not real comfortable... First off I love the way they look!!! That being said, I had been wearing my cross training shoes that I wear for Step & Cardio  classes to Zumba & Carido dance classes & now with these shoes I can feel the difference being able to make turns & move around easier in my dance classes. However  the reason I gave them a 3 rating is they are not as comfortable. I like to go to double classes when I can so first class is Cardio dance I tried to leave them on for my next carido step but my feet hurt to much so changed back to my cross training shoes, felt so much better...
B00439GCEM most comfortable shoes! These are one of my most comfortable shoes. They are great walking shoes. Fit so well it almost seems like I don't have any shoes on.
B00439GCEM Great shoes! I love these shoes!  I bought them to wear on vacation knowing that I would be doing a LOT of walking.  They fit well and are very comftorable, also cute!  Only drawback is that the sole is not great on wet floors. Had to be careful when walking into buildings on a rainy day when the floor was wet. Overall very happy with the Pumas.
B00439GCEM LOVE these shoes!! I had sketchers shape ups and another pair of really old sketchers shoes (since 2006) and just got sick of wearing them, they were big and bulky and heavy, not to mention that they were really out of style. My friend has these shoes and said she loves them, they're cute, comfy and go with almost every casual outfit! I originally bought a size 8 (I'm usually a 8 or 8.5), and they were too big, but I was able to return then with no problems at all and exchange them for a smaller size.I could not be happier with these shoes!
B00439GCEM Best Sneakers Ever I absoluely hate wearing shoes. I prefer the freedom of sandals or flip flops. There are time sin life that call for a good pair of shoes though. I have always hated every pair of real shoes that I had ever had/worn for many reasons. These shoes were so amazingly light and comfortable I found myself finding excuses and outfits to wear them with when I didnt have to. I will likely be a Puma customer for life now. I'm very pleased with the quality and the stylish but low-key feel of these particular shoes. They fit true to size for me.
B00439GCEM Great Shoes I love the shoes. They fit great and the bottom is slightly padded which is nice, they took some getting used to after the puma's I used to wear that had no padding.
B00439GCEM wonderful these shoes are great, are comfortable, lightweight, beautiful, easy to combine and are a mix between casual and sporty.Puma shoes are of very good quality and not expensiveworth the investment and the purchase was super easyalso to save the package arrived intact and is also environmentally friendly
B00439GCEM cute and comfortable! Just got these shoes yesterday and they are soo comfortable! wasn't really expecting that! they will make great casual everyday shoes!
B00439GCEM So Comfortable Very comfortable, and fashionable.  I absolutely love them. I will wear and order more Puma shoes again, however I was dissappointed with the price, I felt it was a little expensive, so maybe I will order from directly from the Puma site next time, or go to my mall to see what Puma shoes they have since most shoe store's offer military discount as well.
B00439GCEM Love at first step! These shoes not only go with EVERYTHING. I want to wear them ALLLLLLLLLLLLLL the time! I'm a girl that typically prefers either my boots or barefoot, but these shoes are my new favorite! So light its like you're not even wearing them. Now I just need to add to my array of colors!
B00439GCEM Confortables I never used this brand before. These fixed very well and  are very comfortable. I hope to buy more shoes Puma.
B00439GCEM Very light and comfortable. Shoes are very light weight and comfortable.  High arch support.  Only negative is the quality of the shoelaces, do not remain tied.Recommend purchase
B00439GCEM You can't go wrong with PUMA I ordered these shoes in black to look dressy for my trip to Washington, where I did a lot of walking.  They are very comfortable shoes and very roomy.  The only thing I do not like very much about the shoe is that the stripes on the side have plastic over them.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend these shoes.
B00439GCEM puma shoes This shoes fit well. I wear them all day at work and they are very comfortable. Pleased with my purchase.
B00439GCEM Great shoe, great fit right out of the box I ordered these for my wife last month. She could not be happier! She's a petite lady, and it's usually hard to find anything in a 5 or 5.5. Thankfully, Amazon had her size! I should add that my wife is (1) very picky about shoes and (2) not a Puma fan. With that being said, she absolutely loves these shoes. She always worries about new shoes because her feet are blister-prone, but these fit her perfectly and there was no "break-in" time out of the box. . She said they are some of the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn. She highly recommends them.
B00439GCEM Noticeable wear... I really love the look and comfort of these shoes. Within one month, however, the swirly lines on the sides of the shoe became very frayed. They fit me appropriately and I only used them at work wear my job is not labor intensive or outdoors. The only reason I can attribute the quick and noticeable fraying of these shoes is the quality. I would not repurchase these shoes again because the wear is unsightly.
B00439GCEM Very supportive I've owned three pair and they are, without question, the most comfortable and supportive shoes I've had in recent years. I walk on concrete floors all day, and my arches and heels just kill me if I'm not wearing the Pumas. Unfortunately, they only seem to last about 4 months before the support breaks down. However, that's 4 months of almost every day wear on concrete. The norm for athletic shoes is 4 to 6 months, so the Pumas are comparable. However, if you throw your shoes in the wash frequently as I do, be cautious. The footbed on the inside came completely apart after a few wash/dry cycles, and the vinyl on the stripe turns yellow (the dryer?)  I still love these shoes, though and will buy more.
B00439GCEM Great Sneaks! I wear these shoes all the time. They are very comfortable. They look great too! I would definitely recommend these shoes to anyone!
B00439GCEM Impressive I purchased these shoes because I really liked the styling. I wanted something flat, sporty, without the bulky look of traditional sneakers. When these shoes arrived they exceed all of my expectations. They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. The arch support is fantastic and the sole is almost slipper like. They are light weight, yet feel like supportive pillows. I am really surprised. Some reviews stated they were small, others large in sizing. I found them to be on the larger side. I typically am an 8, 7.5 only for dress shoes. I took a chance and orderd the 7.5 (guessing they would be big) and they fit perfectly. They are cut wide in the front and narrow towards the heel. This is a tricky cut to find, but just what I was looking for. They look great with jeans or shorts. I ordered the shadow color, but just placed an order today for the boffee brown version. I wish they offered a lt brown, but I will keep an eye out. Also, they don't have to be broken in, they aren't stiff, a great plus!
B00439GCEM New shoes can suck... So often you have to break them in, or they rub the wrong places - so they aren't good for wearing except for like, when you are sitting down, or the style limits the occasion you can wear them for.  This shoe cleared all but the last hurdle.On day one, I laced these up and easily walked five miles - no rubbing, no blisters and GREAT support.  Hurdles one and two clear.And look at them - nice and neutral... and stylish... they go with just about everything and can be worn in so many situations.  The only reason that they don't clear the last hurdle, really, is because I would probably not ever wear these shoes with a suit or to a wedding.I am a girl, so it is in my genetic make up to love shoes.  But these shoes... these shoes I truly adore!
B00439GCEM Puma Women's Shoes These shoes are not easy to find, so I was so happy to find them on Amazon.  The color of these shows are beautiful, a nice dark grey.  They are a comfortable walking shoe.  Very happy with these shoes.  These are a great looking shoes.
B00439GCEM LOVE THESE These shoes are so comfy.  I work retail so I am on my feet A LOT and the high arch in these are wonderful.  My back has less pain as well as my feet.  Saving my moolah to get a pair in brown as well....If you have high arches, this is the brand for you.  My feet feel soooo great in these and they are so light weight and my feet don't get all sweaty because the fabric breathes.  I wear these shoes almost every day now.
B00439GG8Y Comfy First time I've purchased shoes online and I am satisfied with the process and the product. These are very nice looking comfortable shoes.
B0049J57OM Too Small!!! These shoes are cute and are what I expected as far as style and color, which is why I gave them 2 stars. HOWEVER, my daughter needed these for track and I had to return them twice because of sizing issues. In any other shoes she wears a 6 in boys, in these shoes I had to get her a 8 O_o. Try these on in stores before ordering off of here.
B004C2FN86 Great shoes Size was as described.  These have worn very well and taken lots of abuse.  We have had no problems ordering shoes from Amazon vendors!  Thanks
B004DKPPR6 fabulous shoes I went through so many shoes for my gym work out.These have been the very best so far.Running on elliptical and bike machines at the gym for a length of time give alot of people burning sensation on the bottom of their feet.These are very light weight and because of the spikes, there is no burn the entire time.The mesh form into your feet well.Especially for people who have discrepancy in size and shape with left and right feet, the mesh and the shoes strings help to form to the shape of each foot.Fabulous and such nice surprise!
B004DKPPR6 Happy with these Shoes Grandson needed shoes for track these shoes fit the bill. He is very happy with them. I thought they would need broken in but no blisters lol
B004DKQY0I Puma's Great Design is Brought to Sprint Shoes This is a great pair of sprint shoes which have design and functionality. They make your feet look sharp, have smooth shiny surfaces, are lightweight, and come with solid spikes. Also, a variety of sizes is available so you are sure to find your exact size. If it is the first time you buy sprint shoes, you need to select a smaller size than that of the sneakers you daily wear. You may want them from 1/2 to 1 smaller in US sizes for good sprint performance. Overall the shoes are excellent. I am a big fan of Puma's sneakers since it has succeeded in producing sophisticated sneakers. If you are one of the sprinters who loves Puma, just get them.
B004DN6GHQ Excellent and Very Comfortable Shoes! These are my favorite tennis shoes! I absolutely love them! When I wear them, my feet feel amazing! They are very stylish and look awesome! Definitely a great buy for anyone that runs and is active!
B004DSNUSO nice shoes I love these shoes. Nothing like them in any store in Atlanta! I get plenty of compliments on these shoes! Got them quick! Thanks!
B004DSNUSO Puma xs 850 These shoes re great I played basket ball in them last week and they have amazing grip on the court. These shoes surprised me they re soo comfortable.
B004GB0S6U Sons new shoes the shoes looked awesome. He just wore them today for the 1st time. We haven't been disappointed so far. Came very quickly. Thanks Amazon.
B004GB0SNS the best puma this shoes are perfect!!!! soft confortable beatiful it have all I want, I recomend this shoes for all the people that want a beatiful and confortables shoes to run walk anything
B004GB0U6S great shoes love these shoes! very classy looking and looks great with a number of different outfits/styles.  the shoes are uniquely designed & very comfortable.
B004GB0U6S Don't buy for just standing I work in retail and these shoes were awesome at first. I've had these shoes for a little over a year and the tread is already almost gone..and if you work on retail then you know that it isn't possible to wear down the tread just waiting on people running a register. They lost all comfort and flip flops feel better than these do now. I don't understand the positive work related reviews about these shoes. I have ragged old Roxy shoes that are four years old more comfortable than these and they are still surviving.
B004GB0U6S ok shoes These shoes are very cute, but kill ur feet.  I can only wear them for an hour or two before my ankles blister.  I would NOT recommend buying these shoes because mine have become a $50 paperweight.
B004GB0WBQ Aweful! This is one of the ugliest shoes I have every seen. It looks cheap and not very functional for any kind of athletic activities. This was my first Puma shoes and it did not impress me very much. I sent them back.
B004GB0WBQ Fit for Comfort I wear these shoes at work, since I am on my feet often, and it's really comfortable! It is nicely padded.
B004GB0X8S Fantastic! Product was exactly as described, shoes fit brilliantly and are super comfortable. They are very sturdy and true to size. So happy with this purchase and will definitely buy shoes from this brand in the future!
B004GB0X8S COMFORTABLE Amazing shoes, very comfortable im a nursing student and a mom so i am on my feet all day long and these shoes are great! Only complaint is they run about a 1/2 size smaller than what i normally wear, otherwise completely thrilled with my purchase!
B004GB0XVA Love these shoes! These are very comfortable, lightweight shoes. I like the suede-like look of the black material over the shiny vinyl look of most athletic shoes. I wear these to work with toddlers all day and they're comfortable. I also wore them hiking once, though I wouldn't recommend that, my feet were slipping around in them a bit on the uneven ground and I stained the white portions with dirt but that's my fault. I ordered a 7.5 but I probably could have gone with a 7 (I wear anything from 7-7.5 so I never know when ordering shoes online) because they're a bit long for my feet and I have some extra room inside but not such a problem that I returned them.
B004GB0XVA Best Looking and most Comfortable shoes ever! These shoes are very very comfortable! while they are surprisingly narrow they are still the most comfortable shoes I have ever bought. They are also very easy to clean, which helps because they somehow get dirty every week (because of me, not the shoes) overall I recommend these shoes to anyone who wants to be comfortable and stylish at the same time! Comfortable
B004GB0XVA Great driving shoes for off the track The thin soles are because they are based off real driving shoes, as the description suggests. Hence why they have to say they are not flame-proof as, for example, a pair of G-force race shoes would be. Some people mistakenly think they are track safe and show up with pumas only to end up having to buy properly rated shoes from track vendors. We use them when driving autocrosses and other casual driving events. The thin soles are fine for a couple course walk throughs, but I wouldn't recommend them for workers running cones or standing for any length of time; bring an extra pair of shoes for that.
B004GB0XZ6 only three because of colors The thing is.. These shoes are very comfortable! I would like to rate them four or five, but I have a reason not to.First I ordered "White/Silver/Fluorescent Pink" shoes and I already felt like what you get is much brighter than shown on the picture, so I was a little disappointed. I was looking like a a Barbie doll, wearing those shoes. So I decided to use them only for workouts, when not many people see me and never for daily purposes.As I liked how they fit, I thought it was just a matter of one color, another option could be better, I thought, so a few months later I ordered this exact model again, but in "White/Silver/Hawaiian Ocean/Medieval Blue".And I got some crazy unexpected color layout again! Too bright and somewhat aggressive looking, no pleasure to wear in the everyday life, just as it was the case for the first pair. And again, not like on the picture.I have to say, I am a big fan of Puma shoes in general and they are usually rather hard to find in stores, so I shop then online. My favorite so far is "PUMA Women's Complete Vectana 2 Running Sneaker", I had it in blue and in violet (the violet doesn't seem to be available anymore) - those colors are calm and balanced, look decent everywhere.Both these shoes and the other I have mentioned are very comfortable, I shopped online and never had to return any of them - they fit 100%, just out of the box. I use them for both running and simply going to work.
B004GB1120 Great deal I ordered this shoes online and that's the first time I get shoes not from a store. I have other Puma shoes so I know my size. i got 10.5. Delivery was fast. Shoes are great, good quality.
B004GB11H0 Durable & Stylish Overall, these shoes are great! They're worth every cent.I normally get 9.5 shoes, but for these shoes I ordered a 10 because other reviews mentioned they were narrow. The 10 worked out perfectly for me.Also, these shoes are very light! I own other Puma shoes, and I've got to say, these ones in particular are like feathers. Don't let the weight fool you though; the heels on these shoes are solid.
B004GB11O8 Great Shoes Great shoes. I wear them a lot and get a lot of compliments. I received them as described. perfect & i will buy from this seller again.
B004GB11O8 Nice Shoes I really like this shoes, they are suitable for many occasions and they are very comfortable. Great product, I recommend it.
B004GB11O8 Great Shoes These shoes have a lot of padding and are very comfortable. Love the style and have actually gotten many compliments on the shoes. I had the Puma Suedes previously and think that these are definitely more comfortable. The only thing that they lack is ankle support but if you are just buying them as casual shoes then they are great.
B004GB11O8 Lookin Fly I bought this for a gift for my dad.  The shoes looks great on his feet and are very comfortable.
B004GB11O8 I love these shoes they are so comfortable especially when your ... I love these shoes they are so comfortable especially when your walking around campus. Plus these shoes can take some beating
B004GB11O8 it's ok the shoes are the best in comfort and style. I'm so happy with this shoes. It's the best gift too The boy's that found de comfort.
B004GB11O8 Very Comfortable Makes your feet feel very comfortable. I have had these shoes for several months and they still are very comfortable.
B004GB11O8 Excellent shoes These are excellent shoes - light and super comfortable. You won't notice that you wear them. You can easily clean them with wet handkerchief and make them look brand new.
B004GB11O8 It's Puma!!!! Nice looking pair of shoes. I love Puma so I'm satisfied with these shoes. Comfortable and stylish and draws compliments wherever I wear them.
B004GB11Z2 Get laid quick, buy these shoes! If you want to get laid, get these shoes! If you want to get laid, get these shoes!!!! Two bitches at once!
B004GB11Z2 Great Shoes - Better than the cotton ones I bought these to replace the same model puma shoes that had a cotton surface which held dirt and water pretty bad. These are much easier to keep clean, are pretty airy so your feet don't sweat as much and are extremely light.The look pretty awesome too - i wear then with jeans and shorts and both make it look pretty good.I am 23 years old and I recommend these shoes
B004GB11Z2 Puma Shoes HelloThe request time was good.The shoes is very comfortable and like very much the color.Best RegardsLiseth Linarez
B004GB1242 Puma shoes greate shoes super light, very confortable, greate look i love this shoes, the only bad think about this shoes is this dosen't have a good ventilation sistem, but for my is fine becouse i live in a cool city
B004GB1242 super hero shoes these are some dope captain america lookin' shoes. seriously though everyone tells me they look like captain americas shoes but I am my own person!
B004GB1242 Comfortable, Good Looking Indeed they are not for wide feet, the shoes are quite narrow but luckily for me it wasn't a problem. They are very comfortable and they look great. The grip on the bottom is comfortable to walk on too and it works except on wet tile. The first day i wore them i slipped on some slick tile and almost fell. Other than that they are really nice shoes, i almost forget i'm even wearing them when i walk around in them all day.Also, there is a sticker on the box that says that the "genuine suede color can bleed temporarily." However, i bought the black ones and they don't seem to be coloring my socks at all.
B004GB1242 Good for feet, not for socks I recently purchased the navy/white/red Puma Whirlwind Classic sneakers.  Great shoes with one major flaw.Pros-They look great. I received multiple complements the first day I wore them.-The low cut is cool. These are lower cut than most low cut which I like.-The are comfortable (if you don't have wide feet)Cons-Not for the wide foot. If you got wide feet don't get these shoes.-They seem to run a little small. I would suggest getting a half size up from what you normally wear.***THIS IS THE MAJOR FLAW*** After three days of wearing the shoes I noticed my sock were turning red. Not just a little red but a lot.  The insole of this shoe has PUMA printed in red on them.  After three days I would say these shoes have not even had normal use yet the ink from the insole is bleeding on to my socks. If you live in a neighborhood where 99% of people request you take off your shoes when entering their house (like I do) this could be a problem. For a name brand like PUMA I would expect more.  I am not sure if all the Whirlwind style shoes have red ink on the insoles so if you get these shoes and they have a different color on the insole write a review to let us know if your socks survive.
B004GB1242 Nice Shoes I like these shoes they are very comfortable and stylish. Only problem I have with them is that they make my feet sweat.
B004GB1242 shoes Great comfortable shoes they are made of great material seems like they will last they are very light as well
B004GB1242 Nice addition to my classic collection I love these shoes. They're not as comfy as I remember but they still look awesome. I read somewhere that you should buy a 1/2 size bigger. Not the case with these, unless you wear thicker socks.My only complaint is that I ordered "ebony" but the shoes look more "navy". I don't remember the color being off that much in the past but, oh well.
B004GB1242 Great shoes I've gotten more "cool shoes" and "where did you get those from?" comments than any other pair of shoes I own.  The blue and maroon colors look great together, and I only paid $40 for them!
B004GB1242 Amazing If you are looking at these shoes, buy them! The fit is true. Comfy as hell! Throwback and will get you compliments
B004GB1242 Great shoes. I looked for shoes for MONTHS. Having a size 14 foot is a hassle. I looked for shoes that were comfortable and couldn't find them. Look no more, these are the shoes for you.
B004GB1242 Lightweight and Comfortable These shoes are NICE!  They fit great and are so light.  I've received several compliments on these shoes and been asked where I bought them.  In the past, I have always bought New Balance just for the fit - these shoes definitely rival NB and look much better!
B004GB1242 Great shoes The shoes came quickly and in a nice reusable bag.They are a bit stiff at first but with just one days wear they break right in.They are extremely comfortable, The insoles feel like memory foam.The only think I dont like about them is when you walk it kind of sounds like velcro being pulled apart, Hopefully that goes away after being fully broken in.
B004GB1242 Good workout shoes good shoes with light weight. i belive that looks nice in summer when you wear it.  great and pretty decent shoes
B004GB1242 Tight at first, but broke in nicely I have somewhat wider feet, so wearing Pumas is a tossup.  Rightly so, these shoes were a tad tight on me for the first two weaks while i was breaking them in, but after that they have become supple and generous.Broken in, these shoes are immensely comfortable.The only area this I have experienced trouble with is the soles.  While walking in loose stone, the smaller ones tend to find themselves embedded in between the nubs.  Also, in wet conditions, the shoes are much more prone to slipping.  Keep this in mind, else you may find yourself scratching up tour wood floors, or falling ungracefully.Overall, despite its minor failings, these shoes are exceptional and have become one of my favorite pairs.
B004GB1242 Classic I can't understand the hype over modern shoes that cost up to $150 just because there's a certain name or logo on them. Puma Whirlwinds are the nicest looking athletic shoes I've seen (and they're extremely comfortable). Delivery was FAST and packaging was great.
B004GB1242 Comfy shoes I bought these shoes to wear to my nephews football games. Since it was his senior year. The Royal Blue and Gum Red are Bixby Spartans Colors. I put Red shoes laces in mine and it really made them pop. They are comfortable and I wear them all the time now.
B004GB1242 very comfortable these are my favorite pair of shoes, currently.i really like the feel of these shoes. they have a squishy insole that conforms to your feel similar to memory foam but more responsive than memory foam. every step taken almost feels like walking on a pocket of air (how nike shoes LOOK like they SHOULD feel). i dont know how long the feeling will last but i purchased these on june 6th, have only worn them sparingly, but they still feel great. i dont know if the insoles are glued and/or sewn onto the shoe, but the soles are NOT readily removable. when the insoles wear out, it may not allow for replacement insoles. adding an insole on top of the existing will work, but it wont look nice because it will make the shoes look like they're in the verge of bursting.the shoes are very light, and really hug the feet. if you wear loose fitting jeans, like myself, you may have a problem with stepping on your jeans. i have to use safety pins for my jeans.i bought a black and grey pair so i dont have to worry about dye transfer from my jeans or wearing them out in bad weather, as some other reviewers have stated.
B004GB1242 puma shoes Shoes arrived earlier than expected. Have been comfortable and durable. I'm a youth pastor who is rough on shoes. These have held up 2 months and still look and feel new. Great job amazon!
B004GB1242 Nice shoes Really comfortable when walking but don't buy these if your going to standing in them all day. They probably wouldn't last too long with excessive use, but I'm gentle with my shoes.
B004GB1242 comfortable shoes I really like this model, are comfortable and brings the bag is practical, I recommend this model, moreover, are lightweight
B004GB1242 Very comfortable (Red & white) Great fit, most comfortable shoes I've owned.Ordered 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear and fit perfectly.Replaced the white laces(which were pink after one day) with black ones, shoes look even better!
B004GB1242 Good, comfy shoes, despite quality issue Shoes are very comfortable, fit reasonably well, and are all-around very nice. Only downside is that the laces came already stained slightly red by the shoe materials. A little bleaching should fix this, but I have yet to try it. That is my only complaint.
B004GB1242 bright red, great shoes got allot of compliments at work, look great, extremely comfortable and light. wanted a pair of red shoes and on feet all day and they lasted
B004GB1242 Look good on my feet Never purchase men shoes before, but when I put these shoes on my feet; they looked so amazing! I LUV THESE SNEAKS.
B004GB1242 OK product The shipping speed is satisfying, and the shoes seem comfortable. So in general it's OK, except that the shoes are little bit too big for me.
B004GB13IM My thoughts: It's titled unisex shoes so I was unsure what size to get. I knew I was 4.5 in men and 5.5 in women. I decided to just go with a 5 to be sure. I realize after I purchased it that there was a "heel to toe" measurement chart, but basically it runs in men sizes. Though I got a 1/2 size larger, they were a good fit. The bottoms were really squeaky, I don't know why. Probably because the material was cheap. I figured eventually after some wear they'll stop. I bought the green and white ones and they came with an extra pair of laces, though the extra laces was a green that was much darker then the green on the shoes so I probably won't use them, but it was nice of them. Overall, they seem like good shoes but keep in mind I bought theses knowing they weren't going to be my main (using all the time) shoes. They're nice spare shoes.
B004GB140Y Solid shoe, but... I got this for my first indoor soccer season three years ago, and I have used it ever since.  They have decent touches on the ball, and it is easy to get used to using them.  I love these shoes, and they have served me well and put up with a lot of abuse.  I would recommend this shoe to anyone who's just starting out playing indoor soccer.  However I did find three main problems with them.  First, I think the lace placement on the shoe could be better.  This makes it easy to angle or curve your shot accidentally when you strike the ball.  A good player can easily compensate for this in a game, but when you're just starting out it makes it hard to take a quick shot.  The second problem with they shoes is that they don't have much of an arch.  If you're flat footed like I am you are definitely going to need to add an insert.  They're fine with the insert. but it can make the shoe a little bit tight.  Lastly, my shoes have recently started causing blisters on both my feet right below the pad of my big toes, and on the outside of my pinky toes. Even though I have owned these shoes for three years, I think this is caused by the fundamental design of the shoe and not wear on it.  The problem emerged when I started playing 2+ hours in the shoes.  I love these shoes, and i think that they are great if you are playing one hour to an hour and a half, but time over that has the potential to give you some nasty, painful blisters.I know it sounds mainly like I'm trashing these shoes, but believe me when I say that they are terrific.  I've played on them inside, outside, and in the rain, mud, and snow.  They are more durable then any pair of cleats that I've owned, and they are pretty comfortable.  To parents out there, I'd say get your kid this shoe.  They can't break it unless they try, and if they lose it they're relatively inexpensive.  Also, I think that they look pretty cool
B004GB14HM Best all purpose shoe, EVER! These shoes were bought for one purpose,  Walking after knee surgery.But after walking my first mile and coming home to kick off my shoes  and kick back, I realized that my feet were more comfortable with them on.  And they've become my go-to shoes for slipping on to run an erand and pretty much everything else!My knee is healing at a rapid rate and I feel great with mmy progress physically and in knowing that although I bought them for only one rason they have proved to have many reasons to wear them and buy more from Puma in the future.
B004GB14HM Super comfortable These are the most comfortable non-running shoes I've ever owned. I wear them as casual everyday shoes with my jeans, but they definitely seem snug and supportive enough for indoor soccer (though I prefer a tougher, non-suede leather for actual game shoes). They're infinitely more comfortable than the Steve Maddens they replaced.
B004GB14HM Dope Shoes I haven't played soccer with these shoes yet, but they look great and are comfortable to wear around. My foot is a little bit wide and these don't feel tight, which is great.
B004GB14HM The best!!! Just the best shoes that I`ve ever had. Comfy and stylish. Awesome...I have a problem with sneakers and I need a pair of new shoes every week. These shoes I wear almost every day and I love them.
B004GB14HM So light I am delighted This is my first purchase of Puma Shoes. Initially, I bought it for the affordable price, but I was more amazed by how comfortable and light it is. Also, they look terrific. Great shoes!!!
B004GB14HM Great Casual Shoe These shoes are great!  I found them at a retail store, but they were not in my size.  I checked Amazon, and found my size for $5 cheaper and with free super saver shipping!  I now wear these shoes almost daily.  They were comfortable right out of the box.  My one complaint is the white rubber at the toe does get dirty quickly - so just be ready to clean these occasionally.
B004GB18FK Puma Voltaic Comfort and style, what is not to like with these shoes.  Great for people who are on their feet all day and who need to move around.
B004GB18FK I love them, but there's a trick to know... First of all - these shoes are awesome. Seriously. I only have 2 bits of advice to those considering purchasing them.1) As the other reviews state, I agree that they come a tad small. I would recommend buying a half size larger.2) Be careful putting them on and taking them off. Put your finger down along the inside of the heel when you slide your foot in. The inside heels wear out FAST.I bought these shoes to wear every day. And I do. I liked them because I could wear them anywhere and never feel unprepared. I can go to the gym, walk to school, go to work, and never feel uncomfortable. However, I don't have a car, so I walk absolutely everywhere. Therefore, these shoes have probably seen more wear than expected. But it was frustrating when after only one month, the fabric on the inside heels began to develop holes. It felt silly to be buying heel backers for a pair of shoes I had only worn 5 weeks. So that's my major complaint. I started being more careful about how I put them on and took them off (the finger trick) and the holes haven't appeared to get any worse (4 months later). It probably won't affect many people to the extent that it impacted me, but it is still a downfall to an otherwise perfect pair of shoes.
B004GB195E Neat shoes, great price. I bought this shoes in red, and they look so cool!. You just need to be aware that this are meant more for fashion than for sports, they are comfortable but not so much as for walking long distances (the sole is thin).I love them, they make me feel like a modern time Dorothy.
B004GB1A8U best most comfortable puma shoes i own will buy more in other colours.. great looking and comfortable what more can u ask for??
B004GB1A8U WORTH THE PRICE I love these shoes, I've owned them for almost a year now. They are super comfortable and my regular size fits perfectly.  I didn't give them 5 stars because they do not look like the picture.  The shoes are much darker gray than this.  They're still nice looking, I just wasn't expecting to see them so dark when I opened the box. Overall, they hold up great and they're super comfy.
B004GB1BEI Good Shoes I love the color (orange) of the shoes. It's very light weight and comfortable. I was just surprised by how thin the mesh is in the front of the shoes. So, you can definitely feel a breeze in your feet when there's a wind. Very weird feeling So, I wouldn't recommend this for winter running outside. This aerated shoes would be better during summer.
B004GB1CN8 FABULOUS sneakers! I am in LOVE with these shoes!  I'd run through a long line of cheap, crappy tennis shoes on my treadmill and finally decided to treat myself to a pair of "real" shoes.  I was worried about sizing, since some Pumas I'd previously owned ran small, but the sizing was dead-on accurate.These are very light shoes, it almost feels like you're wearing air, with tons of cushioning on the balls of your feet.  After three miles (about where my old, crappy shoes would start to pinch) my feet still felt great.  I've only had them a week, so I don't know how well they'll hold up, but so far these have me wanting to buy a backup pair!
B004GB1CN8 I love these shoes! These shoes are FANTASTIC! They are feather light and very comfortable. While they don't have a huge amount of arch support they are very cushioned on the inside and make walking a joy. The silver is very shiny and the turquoise extremely bright. I couldn't be happier with them!
B004GB1E7C Descent Shoes, Short Lifespan I have owned several pairs of PUMAs over the years, and they have been great shoes for the most part. These particular shoes fit well, and were sharp looking, but they were not of the same quality as the other PUMA sneakers I have owned.  They wore out after about 4 1/2 months, and I only wore these shoes a couple times a week (tending bar). Other PUMAs I have owned have lasted 3 or more years with similar use, so I'm not quite sure what the deal was here.
B004GEAPBU Best quality The shoes are the most comfortable for now among all that I have. I even did an exhausting mountain trip in these shoes. (Chosen as the most comfy) I didn't have tracking shoes which is a must for the route we took, but these little Pumas made it possible pretty much. (Yes I had to use bandages at times, but we did over 10 miles of mountain routes every day for a week, caring a huge backpack, it was hot outside also I have super thin skin on my feet)It has enough vent, I feel.The color feels too dark to me, but this is very personal, has nothing to do with the overall quality. Actually, my favorite shoes are also Puma, but not this particular (I love it for the way it looks)I have it now for about a year and these shoes still look ok, even though I did heavy duty wearing. Very durable, so all my 5 stars go for comfort and quality.It is also worth mentioning that I bought it online, that is - without trying first how they fit. Trusting the size and the look only. And I am pleased that I did take some risk in this case.
B004GEAPBU Confused..... I bought these shoes, after a week of waiting i recieved an email stating that the shoes had been returned and my account had been refunded. I am confused as to how this happened considering i never even recieved the shoes.... :(
B004GEATZ2 Great shoes, superprice!!! Great looking shoes at bargain price, I bought them for my little kidI loved the shoes fast shipment, very cool looking
B004GEATZ2 The best shoes for kids This shoes are very good to the kids and very light, the color is excellent and is all of leather
B004GEAXO4 Great shoes These shoes really are great. They are very easy to slip on and off of because the Velcro top opens up all the way to the side of the shoe. The bottoms of the shoes are not very firm which is also what I liked so it made it easier for my little one to walk in with out tripping over her feet. We got about 2 or 3 months of use out of them with the sides and bottoms starting to wear out plus they were getting to small. I do wish they could be a little less in cost seeing how they only are used for such a short period of time but I think the pros out weigh the cost in making them worth the money. Plus they also look very cute.
B004GEAYIY She wants to wear them all the time! Very durable, good support. I got these shoes for my daughter when she was trying to master the art of walking around 13 months. She has been wearing shoes since she started crawling, but it was love at first sight for these pumas. She absolutely loved them the moment she put them on: stomped around, squealed, and took off trying to run!  Luckily, her feet seemed to have slowed down in growth and these pumas are still her favorites - she is 18 mos now. I have to explain to her that they don't go with her "fancy dresses" but she still insists.  She has 10 pairs of shoes, and the puma's are still her favorite.
B004GEAYQQ Cool Shoes My 4 yr old son has had the black version of these shoes for about 2 weeks and hates to take them off.This is my son's 3rd pair of Pumas and we've always been happy with the quality. It pays to pay a few more $$$ for shoes that will last longer than the generic brands.Word to the wise...these ran bigger than other Pumas we have had (by comparison the Puma Drift Cats ran much smaller).
B004GNQIOE Don't tie your shoes too tight! I ordered these shoes and got them just before a trip to Cedar Point.  They were terribly uncomfortable walking in them for a couple hours.  I made the mistake of tying them too tightly and the side of the shoe that holds the lace holes pulled out down near the toe.  I love the look, but they are the worst shoes I have ever bought.  Uncomfortable and cheap.  I'd skip these.
B004GNQIOE Comfortable shoes I work in the medical field and wanted shoes that were easy to clean. these are it! I am usually walking or sitting and they provide good support for it.
B004I6C730 Sexy Beast These shoes run small! Get a size bigger. Other than that these shoes have turned me into the biggest wanna be golf poser on the planet. I lost 8 balls on the first nine but I looked like a MONSTER golfer! And my tootsies felt amazing the whole time. You get what you pay for, so don't be cheap and buy a good golf shoe like this...
B004IEOCNA Best Shoes EVER! These shoes are amazing.  The first time out I could wear them for a whole game, very little break-in time.  They are very comfortable and well made.  I love Puma Kings and have been a fan for many years.  They run a little small, but I think Puma does in general.  I would recomend these shoes to anyone that is looking for a quality shoe that will last for years.
B004IPYRLG Numb Feet These shoes are a horrible waste of money. I have tried doing aerobics, outside walking and treadmill walking. Feet numb every time. I HATE these shoes! Pretty sure they will be going to goodwill.
B004J4X4TW A little clunky but overall pretty good shoe I ordered these shoes because my old Puma indoor shoes had served me well over the 3+ years that I wore them. The shoes arrivied very quickly, and I was ready to play in them right when I got them. Like most indoor soccer shoes they need to be broken-in quite abit before you really start playing marathon sessions in them, but after playing for about 6-7 hours they are really comfortable with no blister issues. The shoes offer really good grip and a lot of support. The one thing that bothers me about the shoes is the weight of the shoes. The shoes are pretty &#34;Clunky&#34; they feel a little bit heavier than the other Pumas that I play in, and it has taken a little while to get used to, but overall the shoes are solid choice for any player who plays one or two games of soccer a week.
B004J4X5WS nice shoes. these shoes are pimp.  they are so light and comfortable and they look cool, really cool.  great price and exceptional quality that comes with puma products.
B004J4X5WS Great Mud Run Shoe These shoes helped me by sustituting my other shoes and gives your feet some air and they work great in Mud Runs and are very light on your feet.
B004J4X5WS Not really as expected I didn't realize mesh meant that you could see through the shoes.  It's probably well known and my mistake.  The only way to have the shoes look like they do in the pic is to wear black socks. Anyway, there you have it.
B004J4X6LI Love, my "ole' faithful" I purchased these shoes 3 years ago and they are STILL going strong. I run half marathons and roughly 25-30 miles a week. These shoes have not only improved my posture, gate and speed but they have strengthened my calves. Having said that, if you are not an experienced runner or if you do not to strength training in your legs at all. Don't run in these puppies. They do not have any cushion, which is the idea. I am 60&#34; weigh 118 pounds and leg press 300+ pounds. And these shoes are my favorites. As long as you take care of your joints and eat your amino acids, protein and fats you'll be good to go in minimalist shoes.Sadly, while you can purchase these shoes on amazon, puma no longer carries them they have updated the version to the FAAS 100 which are awful. I just bought them in hopes that they would be equal to their ancestors, and my sock was soaked in blood after a mile because the back of the shoe wore a nice gash into my ankle.
B004J4XHMQ Favorite. Shoes. Ever. These shoes have had the crap wore out of them! My job involves A LOT of walking and these shoes have been great. They fit so nicely and are comfortable! LOOOOOVE THEM!(:
B004J4XHMQ Love these shoes! I really love these shoes.  They are stylish and fit well.  These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned!!!  Awesome!!
B004J4XMM6 Very Comfy These shoes arrived on time for a family member and was in excellent condition, shoes are not easy for her but these are exceptionally comfortably, you will be happy if you choose this brand and style. Mine was a gift for her and well worth it.
B004J4XMM6 GREAT SHOES COMFORTABLE THESE ARE STYLISH AND COMFORTABLE AMAZING!!!! MY experience was good itdoes get dirty quick but lopve love these shoes i bopught 3 one for my mom myself and my sister awesome
B004J4XNNO Super comfy and great for walking I was looking for a casual shoe that I could slip on, wear around town, wear to and from work, etc.  These shoes are quite casual (could never wear them at work) but cute and don't look absurd with dress pants when commuting.  The first day I wore them I walked several miles; I carried band-aids in my pocket expecting the shoes to rub at my heals but they never did.  Cheers!  Having now worn them quite a bit, including for 4-5 mile walks around town with my baby, I am impressed with these shoes.  The material breathes nicely but is still warm enough to wear during cold weather.  The foot bed is also nicely padded although there is not much in the way of arch support.
B004J4XNNO comfy The shoes are very comfy for work, travel, fit true size, i will buy them again anytime. I used the shoes in the spring, summer and fall, except in the rainy days.I own 3 pairs: grey, black on black and white on black
B004J4XNNO Very cute I purchased these shoes because I wear a lot jean and dark blues. Because I'd already bought the black/pink/grey shoes (in store) identical to the blue/yellow, I felt it was safe to go ahead and order the same size. Unfortunately, I had to break them in on account they were a little short. If there is anything more annoying when purchasing shoes (besides settling on a color) it's breaking them in. Advice...order the next 1/2 size up.
B004J4XNNO Great shoes! Very comfortable and very versatile shoe. I wore these on a business trip where I was walking almost all day long, no blisters and very happy feet!
B004J4XNNO Great comfy shoes! I bought these shoes off of Amazon after seeing them in a store (and finding them cheaper on Amazon). I bought the silver birch color thinking they're pretty neutral.  For PUMA shoes I've found that I have to size up have a size so I ordered a 9 instead of my usual 8.5.I bought these shoes with the intent of taking them on an 18 day trip to Europe for an alternative to bulky (and unfashionable) tennis shoes. I am SO glad I did!  I wore these shoes the majority of the trip (and still felt liked I could pull them off as flats with a blazer for a nice outfit, etc).  I never had issues with rubbing or blisters and after 10+ hours of being on my feet all day, my feet were tired, but the shoes were still comfortable.I am planning on buying a second pair for my daily walking commute!
B004J4XNNO Comfy but can wear with dress pants! As a teacher of kindergarten students it is hard to find comfy shoes that I can move all around but still look professional.  These shoes are perfect!
B004J4XNNO LOVE THESE SHOES!!! Shoes run true to size, look great with everything and are VERY comfortable.  I have since ordered in two additional colors.  Can't recommend them highly enough.
B004J4XNNO I use them for work ! It is hard to find cute and comfortable work shoes but these do the trick!I'm on my feet a lot for work and these shoes are very comfortable.I would suggest ordering  a size up.
B004J4XNNO Love them! Best ever...I work 4-5 hour retail shifts and am on my feet the entire time. These shoes didn't require any break in time. I usually get blisters on my heals the first time I wear new shoes, but not with these. I'm ordering 2 more. I usually wear a 7 1/2 or 8 so I ordered the 7 1/2...it was a bit short so I ordered the 8 and it was perfect.
B004J4XNNO Comfortable work shoes Great shoes for work! I walk around in the office a lot and these shoes help! I normally have shoe size 8.5 but I bought these shoes size 9 as I heard from other review saying that these shoes are a bit narrow.  The size 9 shoes fit nicely on my feet.  One minor complaint I have about these shoes is that it has velvet sole padding so my feets tend to get hot in them.
B004J4XNNO Great shoes! I LOVE these shoes! They are casual enough to wear with jeans (and even black socks when it's cold out) but just dressy enough to wear with skirts, capris or skinny pants. They are very light and comfortable.
B004J4XNNO Comfortable, casual sport shoes They are comfortable, casual shoes, nice for going for a walk. Front of he shoe is wide enough that your fingers are not squeezed. This model is running true to size. I could give 4 stars but there is nothing extra special about them - just comfortable, good casual shoes. If you need a pair like this go for it.
B004J4XNNO Get Tons of Compliments on These Shoes! I normally find ballet flats to be uncomfortable, but these shoes feel like tennis shoes on the inside.  I wear them with capris, jeans, and even casual dresses.  I receive compliments every time I wear them.
B004J4XNNO Go Puma! I would buy these again in lots of other colors Great shoes. Love them. Comfortable and stylish. Ordered grey ones too. They are just perfect for looking nice when leaving the house unlike my klunky tennis shoes.
B004J4XNNO LOVE THESE SHOWS!!! Absolutely love these shoes, if you want comfortable shoes that you can take out of the box and wear all day...these are the shoes!  I highly recommend them.  They run true to size so order the size you would normaly wear in a flat.ENJOY!!!
B004J4XO5Q Worst quality shoes I purchased these shoes and less than 9 months later, they were torn and I didn't even wear them a lot. Moreover, they stretched and looked terribly ugly after only a month. I would never ever buy Puma shoes again.
B004J4XO5Q Pumas are great I love wearing Puma sneakers because the sole isn't thick. They are very sleak shoes that aren't bulky. They are very comfortable walking shoes. Another comment said that it is a bad quality which is not true. Pumas is a great brand that I enjoy wearing. I have many puma shoes that last.
B004J4XQL8 Awesome shoes These shoes are simply really great. They are comfortable and they look just awesome. I've only used them for a couple of months, so I wouldn't know about their long-term durability. For now they seem very resistant to a daily use. They are very good shoes, BUY THEM.
B004J4XQL8 Great shoes, too yellow! I ordered this shoes, two pairs in different colors, and while I use the other one on a daily basis, the yellow one just shines too much...Very comfortable, really nice looking, it's just too extravagant.
B004J4XQW2 Great Pair of shoes. I Bought this shoes for my boyfriend, hes blown away by them. They look very nice and he loves using them everyday. He said that these pair of shoes are really comfortable and maybe the best shoes he has ever owned, and its only a week since i gave them to him!. He gets a lot of compliments for them. Im very happy he liked these shoes so much.
B004J4XSAW Puma is the Best I have owned several pairs of Puma athletic shoes and was not disappointed by my latest purchase.  These shoes fit perfect and are very comfortable.  In addition, they look exceptionally cool!
B004J4XSKM Puma shoes These shoes are well designed and are quite comfortable, if you like that shoes fit you maybe you should ask widths half number more, because this design conforms to the foot holding it a bit.
B004J4XTC4 Extremely comfortable These shoes came as pictured and fit perfectly.  I have had Puma shoes in the past and their quality is superb.  These shoes continue to remind me of the quality the Puma has produced.
B004JF5R1Y Fast and Exact I have always been pretty iffy about buying shoes online because when orders come home they do not look like what it was suppose to.  Not in this the shoes were the one i ordered so kudos!
B004JF5R1Y Great shoes! My 5 year old wears these shoes a lot and she says they are really comfortable. She really likes them. It helps me out too that they are easy for her to get on and off by herself and also that they can be wiped clean or washed. Our whole family is a big fan of Puma shoes in general. Definitely recommended!
B004JF5R1Y Puma shoes Drift Cat III My daugher loves them and it is hard trying to get her to try a different shoe, would buy again for her but will try to get her to try one of the other Puma shoes as the selection is very good
B004JF5TQW Great shoes for pre-teen My daughter loves these shoes. Not only for the color and style, but also for the comfort. They are cute shoes, and fit well. I was willing to pay a little extra to have a shoe that would actually be worn and used.
B004JF5WMI Perfect Fit -Light Weight -Cleats for Kids I was very careful ordering these shoes. I do not enjoy mall shopping (I have 5 kids) and do my best to get everything I can thru amazon. So I was careful measuring my daughters feet for the correct size. I used a CM size chart for the most accurate fit (soccer cleats are supposed to fit more securely than everyday shoes).These shoes fit absolutely perfect! They are nice and lightweight shoes. Even though they are a snug fit my daughter doesn't complain they are too tight (which is a huge plus). My daughter runs her little heart out at practice twice a week and has a game every weekend, so they are getting lots of use.These shoes are a great deal price wise, a good fit, and comfortable.(The laces are that dry feeling material and will most liekly have to be replaced soon, but thats the only bad thing I have to say about these shoes.)
B004LC3UIW Great looking but equally uncomfortable When I saw these golf shoes I knew I had to have them. I'm not a fan of the old school saddle shoes and these will not get confused with those. They kind of resemble skate shoes with golf cleats on them. When I received them I was as happy as I was the first time I saw them. However, when I wore them my smile turned to a frown. I played a short 9 hole course to break them in a bit and I played about 7 holes too many. By the 2nd hole my ankles started to hurt. The pain became worse over the next couple of holes and then leveled off. I'm guessing my body decided to help me block it out. When I was done I took my shoes off and both socks had Curt Schilling blood stains on them. Both ankles had developed giant blisters that eventually popped and all I was left with was two raw ankles that took forever to heal because they kept drying and cracking every time I walked for the next few days. I even attempted to buy cushions meant for high heels to put a buffer between me and the shoe. I used a cart this time, thank God, and my ankles were still sore by hole 7. Thanks to the cart it wasn't nearly as bad as the first time but I have not worn these shoes since. A great looking shoe that I've used twice due to comfort issues. Not a good buy in my opinion.
B004LC3UIW I love these shoes! I like the retro look of these golf shoes.  I wear them everywhere I go, not just to the golf course.The are comfortable and stylish.  I get a lot of comments like, "Cool, where'd you get those?" There are no negativesto these shoes.  They feel like great tennis shoes on your feet.
B004MF8ITO Good I like my new golf shoes and what is so funny is that my school colors are purple and gold so they match perfect. My foot fits well in my normal shoes size 10 M US. and my feet are almost flat so they fit great even for me.
B004MF8ITO My favorite golf shoes I absolutely love these golf shoes!! They look like regular gym shoes instead of golf shoes, which I love and they are super stylish. I love the pink laces and they are super comfortable. They are true to size and very breathable shoes. Would highly recommend for any woman golfer!!
B004MF8KW4 Fantastic Golf shoes These are fantastic golf shoes feel great out on the course. Highly recommend them to anyone looking for a pair of golf shoes.
B004MF8KW4 Very comfortable shoe! These pumas are incredibly comfortable and provide great support when golfing.  I really enjoy my purchase, and believe anyone would be satisfied with these shoes.
B004NTQ52G like people complimenting your shoes? i'm a big fan of cool shoe design. living in L.A. i need to wear lighter casual stuff that looks great with jeans, which is what i'm in all the time. i realized puma had some of the best casual/sport shoe design out there and have been wearing them for years now. i always get compliments, from sketcher-wearing bmx and skateboarders to people in the industry (entertainment).so when i needed a new pair i looked all over the web and found these. superb design. of course, amazon had the best price i could find, so, voila. and, i've had numerous compliments on them from a variety of people...compliments on your shoes are not something 40something guys expect.only issue is that these are made for narrow feet...if you're a normal D size width they will be fine, but nothing wider.but if you get, and even tho you are a guy, be prepared for people to stop you and say they like your shoes.
B004PA21ZI Quality, comfort, and good looks! These shoes get noticed; very unusual color combination that draws positive comments wherever I go.  These shoes are very comfortable, stylish, and an outstanding value for the price.  Highly recommend for the casual runner--you will not be disappointed!
B004PA21ZI Awesome Wao is a perfect shoes i m a restaurant owner and puma sorai is my shoes For work i love it
B004POEM3I Good shoes I bought these for my son for track season. I love that I was able to pick him out of the runners by his shoes.
B004RLOXA6 Good product Pumas always run a bit small. These are a great looking shoe and very comfortable. These are my current favorite shoes. I have ordered about a dozen new shoes thru amazon and I like these the best. I have since ordered then in other colors.
B004RQ30QE rad shoe! I love this pair of shoes, the blue is incredible, and the laces are really nice, surprized me! I will be buying many more pairs of these shoes.
B004SGPXVI wrong shoes in the right box...? Not sure if I got the shoes that someone else returned. The label on the box matches to what I ordered, but the shoes is something totally different. It seems to ship out from AMZN and maybe they should check the content, just like the real retail store? 1 star to AMZN and not this shoes given that they shipped it out on time.
B004SGQ1F0 Fantastic Shoes I bought these for my 6 year old daughter for her school tennis shoes.  They are even prettier in person and the pink suede is just so cute. She loves the purple touches on the inside and the emblem too. She currently wears a 12 in most shoes and we bought a 12.5 in these. She has some room to grow but they fit her foot just fine and we can lace them tighter to keep them secure. The only complaint I have is a minor one...she has just mastered tying her own shoes and the skinny round laces are more difficult for her to tie. They also slide out of a tie and won't stay tied unless you double knot them. Very minor complaint but worth knowing when I watch her struggle to tie the skinny laces. All in all we love these shoes and would buy them again!
B004SUANIC Great shoes Very hard to find low profile, nice shoes like these in my size, but this was definitely a great fit. Wear these pretty often now
B004SUANZU Puma and Amazon rock I usually buy Pumas anyway and these look and feel as expected. Love the old school look too. Now I need some golf shoes.
B004SUANZU Love these Puma's! My husband has  purchased 4 of these shoes in different colors. They fit super comfortable and true to size. He wears an 11.5 and has a very flat foot and can wear these without making his feet hurt. He is super, super picky about his shoes and as long as they keep making this style, we will keep buying!
B004SUANZU Puma Liga Suede Denim/White These were the first shoes I have purchased online, as I usually prefer actually go to shoe retailers and try the shoes on for comfort and looks. I was not the least bit disappointed in these shoes though. I'm a big fan of Puma brand shoes, and these did the brand right.I wear a size 10 in most shoes, and went with a size 10 even after reading some reviews about them being a bit tight for some people. They fit wonderfully though, all around.The shoe has a simple design, but look very nice and stylish in that way puma shoes do.Would definitely recommend this style to others.
B004SUANZU These shoes are fantastic They look great, they're comfortable, and they last. I wear mine day in and day out. They typically last me at least a year (and I really beat up my shoes). I love just about everything I get from Puma and these are no exception. They don't replace running shoes and if you spend all day on your feet they will be sore. Also my feet are a bit wide and they fit me fine.
B004SUANZU PUMA Shoes I got these shoes for my boyfriend. He loves them! They are quickly becoming his favorite shoes. They are a great price and they are very comfortable. If you are thinking about buying them... do it! You will not be disappointed.
B004SUANZU Supreme Comfort These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  The quality of the materials and workmanship is top notch.  You will be very happy with these shoes.  As a side note, I wear an 8.5 in almost every shoe but I wear a 9 in all Puma shoes.  You may want to order one half size up.
B004SUANZU Great shoes, can wear with anything If you buy these shoes, they are the only shoes you will ever need to own. I can wear with jeans (dark or light wash), kahkis, navy pants,
B004T3M57K love em, will buy a 2nd pair, but definitely got issues these shoes just look awesome. they are simple, black, and therefore could probably go with a lot of casual-styled clothing.however, there are a couple issues- don't know how much quality there is in the sole, but it doesn't seem to be a lot of foot support since the shoe is so thin. puma shoes are usually really comfortable. in that regard, these are meh.- there is no rear arch support. it's a flimsy piece of fabric looking thing. naturally that means if you need to chase anyone (or flee) for whatever reason, be prepared to do it barefoot as these shoes will definitely fall off.- mine faded... a LOT and FAST. I've owned my pair for about 6 months and they're pretty much done. they were REAL nice when I first got them, gathering a compliment and/or inquiry here and there. as a disclaimer, I do work at a restaurant and almost started wearing these exclusively at work (2-3 times a week) but I really don't know if that would make a difference or not. they practically went from black to faded black, to some weird brown/maroonishy color now. contrasted with the laces which have remained a perfect black, I really notice the difference. the soles are pretty much gone too.conclusion:so basically... for looks, these shoes are 5/5 stars. for everything else, they suck. they are not uncomfortable, but they are certainly not comfortable either. if you have to stand a lot or walk somewhere far, these shoes aren't for you - your feet will get sore. they will also wear out easily. since there is no rear arch support,  you definitely have to order true to size
B004T3M57K Awesome Pretty comptible shoes, and price is excellent, best shoes I've bought for under $25, they're are really really light, not heavy at all and they do the job for casual everyday and weekend shoes. Would really recommend these ones if you're of the ones wo uses Vans or All Star, style is great also.
B004T3M57K LOVE these shoes I absolutely love these shoes!! Great price, durable, comfortable, and best of all LIGHT. So light it feels like a thick sock on your foot. Absolutely no arch support if that is a problem for you.Durability: Wore one small hole after 8+ months of daily use. Can pop them in the washer with the rest of your clothes and they come out looking clean and new.Best Part: THEY ARE SO LIGHT!! I've had sandals heavier then these things. Also can wear them as slippers just push your foot in and crush the heel, its canvas so it doesn't matter.PICK UP A PAIR TODAY
B004T9HRAY Nice fit. Comfortable These shoes are very comfortable.  They are also very bright in color.  People will look at your feet if you are wearing these shoes, in this color.  Decent pricing also.  I recommend these shoes.
B004TAAUY8 Very comfortable and cool shoe I love these shoes. They look great and are incredibly comfortable. They are a good everyday shoe and are comfortable even if you spend all day on your feet. Even after a year of everyday use they are still in good shape and look fine. The classic puma look impressed many people and go well with most clothing. I would definitely buy these shoes again they have served me very well.
B004TLAF9W My third pair of these shoes I am a bartender and I've spent 16 hour days in these shows, climbed mountains, and hikes miles and miles in these shoes, they are great if your going to get them wet as they dry quickly and do not blister your feet. Mine finally wore out with a small hole in the toe, but we had some amazing journeys together and I would highly recommend these shoes.
B004TLARJ0 Looks can be deceiving I love Puma shoes very dearly, but these shoes were not as great as I had hoped they would be.  When they arrived I immediately noticed how cushioned they'd be and was extremely excited to wear them for the first time.  I wore them when I traveled home from Arizona to Michigan, and I got blisters on both my heels!  Normally I don't get blisters from Puma shoes and I would have never thought it would even be possible in a shoe with that much padding.  It's possible my feet were just swollen from being up in the air and whatnot, so I'll let it slide, but I'm still a little disappointed.  Just be warned these may not end up being as comfortable as you think they will be!
B004TP4OCM Nice looking shoes These shoes fitted well, but maybe I could have gone up a size if I was using them for running shoes. I purchased them for the casual environment I work in and they're perfect. I love the style and colour which I think is even better than shown in the photo.
B004TPD8II Great shoes. Usually I'm hesitant about buying shoes off the internet, but this venture turned out to be well worth it. These shoes are fantastic. Extremely comfortable, very durable and above all - stylish while still being functional. Puma hasn't disappointed me yet!
B004TPEW1K My favorite shoes I love these shoes...I get compliments all the time and the good thing is, nobody else will have them! ...
B004VL2NWC Didn't last - beware. Ordered this shoe for my 7 year old son who loved them when they came in.  However, we started noticing that the shoes were falling apart within 2 months of his wearing them and before 4 months was up we had to look into replacing them even though shoes should out last a child at this age.  The top of the shoe above his toes essentially disintegrated, the plastic on the Velcro straps were crumbling, the sewing came undone near where the tongue would be, and the Puma was wearing off from the sides of the shoe.  We tried to work with Amazon to exchange them - they would not as it was past the 30 day return policy.  We'll never order shoes online again from Amazon, we'll go to the store first.  We suspect that the shoes were fake or at the very least defective close outs.
B004VQYK4G Great shoes! I got these for my brother for Christmas.  He lives in India and had been looking for this exact pair for quite some time and could not find them anywhere.  I didn't even know this when I picked out these shoes!  He LOVES them and was SO excited that I had gotten them for him.  I got him the black/white/purple pair.  Perfect present and high quality.  They looked even better in person.  You can't see how rich and vibrant the suede back of shoe is.  And he mentioned that they are very comfortable.  You can dress them up or down.  He has eclectic taste shoes and these shoes delivered.  A couture looking shoe!
B004VR3OTM Nice shoes I loved this shoes since i saw them , the price was great :) i got them for my son and the fit very well :)
B004VRIA5A Nice design, good air exchange, anchored tongue, but did not last I bought these shoes for the fact that they were aesthetically pleasing, but thankfully, the canvas material also allows your feet to breathe. The tongue for the shoe is anchored on both sides so you don't get the tongue falling off to one side or the other. The main drawback for this - and it's a big one - is durability. The shoes started to rip pretty fast along the parts of the shoes that received the most creasing. Also, if your feet sweat, as mine do, the creased areas will build up this white stuff (salt? urea?). Once that happened, the shoes looked terrible - especially because of the color. Lasted about 6 months, which is pretty sad for sneakers you wear twice a week, in my opinion.
B004VRIA5A Pretty fashionable and comfortable. I didn't actually get these off Amazon. I got these at a local mall in Fargo. But, I am just gonna say that these shoes are very attractive. If you want people complimenting on your shoes, get these pumas. But, I have to say that they aren't very good for running around. Well, anyway, these are a great fit, very fashionable, and very comfortable.P.S.- I would get the red ones, the ones I have, if you really want to get in the fashion.
B004W2SLFS GREAT SHOES Everything ok! LOVED these shoes, they match almost any type of clothes and are modern looking! Every time I wear them they tell me how great they are!
B004W355TM Great shoes! Puma Easy Rider III has become my favorite pair of shoes. I wore a different pair of these shoes last year during a trip to Europe -- they were the only shoes I brought for the entire trip, which consisted of me backpacking from Germany to Hungary to Croatia to England. These are pretty much the best shoes ever. Tough as hell and the most comfortable things you can put on your feet. Buy them with confidence.
B004WLEF6S Bboying shoes I was looking for a fresh pair of bboying shoes and I bought these. Took a little time to break them in, but now they are perfect and extremely comfortable
B004WLEF6S Good for Big Feet I have large feet. Size 17. It is hard to find shoes that don't hurt. These don't hurt. Usually shoes for big feet look like clown shoes and people make fun of you. But these look like regular people shoes. And they haven't ripped like my old shoes. (My old shoes hurt). If you have big feet, or regular people feet, i recommend these shoes.
B004WLEF6S Fit perfectly! I liked this pair very much. Beautiful shoes. Although i was concerned about buying shoes online, they fit perfectly. I get many compliments which makes me happy!
B004WLEF6S Comfortable and very Stylish I love these shoes.  The leather looks great!  The light grey is very stylish with all kinds of jeans.  They are very comfortable and are very good quality. I bought the kiwi suede care kit and these shoes still look as good as new.  Every once and a while you might get a scuff on them or something dirty, but with a suede eraser you can get it right out.  Do not wear them in the rain or where they will get wet.  Using the suede protector by kiwi I have worn these shoes in light rain and the water slides right off of them with no damage done.
B004WLEF6S Nice comfy kicks with a bit of flash. I bought these shoes for my husband, who absolutely loves them. He has been wearing asics for years, but when he needed some red shoes for a work function I found these.They have turned into his everyday favorites. Very comfortable for him, and they are holding up nicely after a good deal of wear.
B004WLEF6S Great Shoes.. I brought these as i'm unable to buy decent casual shoes in a half size Australia so brought them off Amazon & found these shoes to be great fitting & super comfortable.Highly recommended..
B004WLEF6S Awesome After one day of wearing these I can tell they will last for a while. For the price, these shoes are really great. They come in a lot of colors so there is a color for everyone. Don't buy these if you have arched feet, these shoes are really flat. As long as your feet aren't extremely arched they are really comfortable.Pros:- Style, I got black, for me you can't wrong with black shoes. These aren't just black shoes though, they have something more to them.- Comfort. These are pretty comfortable. It didn't take long to break them in for me. The insole has nice padding so your feet won't hurt after wearing them for extended periods of time.- They look like they do online as they do in real life.- Puma is a trustworthy company. They aren't going to make some pairs good pairs and other pairs crap. Every single pair meet the standard. As you see there is only one negative review, the only bad pair out of hundreds of pairs.Cons:None. Great shoes. Buy these if you want them, you are going to get what you expect.
B004Z0G6QS Love these shoes These shoes are so light and comfortable. They fit perfectly and I have received many compliments on them. I've had them for about a week now and I have no complaints whatsoever. I've ran miles in them so far and my feet are very happy in them :) Definitely recommend these!
B004ZIP4U4 Great shoes Just got my first pumas. Super comfortable, and they look good with shorts, as many running shoes do not. Like the way the tongue is part of the shoes not separate, so it does not move around. Many compliments on how they look, a good buy, highly recommended.
B004ZIP4U4 Great Athletic Shoe I love these shoes. I bought them in orange and black and I love the way they look and feel. Some people say Adidas, Nike, etc. are higher quality but 1) they generally cost a lot more and 2) these shoes seem high quality to me and 3) they are definitely the most comfortable athletic shoe I've ever had. I have a lot of pain in my feet when shoes have poor arch support and I've experienced no discomfort with my Pumas. I've been wearing them to work instead of my dress shoes sometimes just because they're so comfortable, even though I meant to only use them for running/working out. The cushioning in these shoes is superb and the tongue-attached-to-shoe design is cool and I think makes them more durable. If you're considering these shoes I highly recommend them, they're some of my favorite shoes I've ever bought.
B004ZIP4U4 Great shoes. I bought these hoping my feet would not get wet in wet grass. They stay dry. There are comfortable. Good shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable shoes These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Bought them so I'd have an athletic shoe during the winter that wasn't my toe-shoes. Bought them as a gold box deal-of-the-day so they were VERY affordable thanks to Amazon (at almost 50% off it was an amazing deal).
B004ZIP5GW BEautiful shoes I bought this shoes for a friend and he loved them, they are exactly as described, they fict perfectly and they're colorful and comfortable! great quality through and through!
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes! These shoes are incredibly comfortable. It's a snug fit, which I like because it feels like there's more support. Ad long as you don't have wide feet, this is a great product!
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes! Very comfortable fit, wide enough to fit my feet. Love the overall look and feel of the shoes. A must buy!
B004ZIP5GW Beautiful Shoe The purchasing experience was greatI purchased these shoes on sale, so i feel like i stole them hahaI will buy shoes from here again
B004ZIP5GW Light and comfortable Fits like a sock and is built that way.  Good support and very comfortable for walking.  Currently my absolute favorite shoes!
B004ZIP5GW Great Shoes! Very comfortable shoes.  Puma consistantly make shoes that feel great the moment you put them on.  No breaking in needed!
B004ZIP5GW Very confortable and stylish I purchased these shoes for my husband and he liked them very much.  They are light and comfortable.  They are not bulky and look very modern.
B004ZIP5GW Loved them I got this pair of shoes for $55 sometime this year. It is so comfortable. I use these shoes to play basketball and it is better then my actual basketball shoes. I feel it allows me to turn and move better. They are good for just about anything. Overall I am happy with this purchase.
B004ZIP5GW Nice shoes Orders the Pumas shoes for confort, also like the air going thru the shoes keeps my feet fresh and dry. Shoe fit perfectly.
B004ZIP5GW Best Workout Shoes I've Ever Owned I was more than a little apprehensive about buying shoes online, but when I saw the lightning deal I jumped on it. Thank goodness I did! These shoes are great for general gym use, and when out for a jog/run you can't believe you aren't running on clouds they feel fantastic. The sizing is perfect, the shoe doesn't hang a tongue as it is built into the shoe, but it's so comfy. The color combos are awesome and the red really pops. I will buy these shoes for the rest of my life.
B004ZIP5GW Good Shoe I decided to stray from my usual purchase of either adidas or Nike shoes and gave these a shot. The shoes are very nice looking. They do not have a tongue like most shoes, it is more like a sock. I have had several shoes like this in the past and this one had the same slight issue I have had with all other similar "sock" like build, they are initially a little snug. They do loosen up over time however. I purchased these with the intent of using them for work, in which I spend 8-10 hours a day on my feet on concrete floors. I usually wear Nike Shox or adidas Bounce to give me support to last through work without having tired feet at the end of the day. These unfortunately do not give me the support that the other mentioned shoes give me. So I had to buy a different pair of shoes. For me personally they did not work out for what I wanted them for, but I use them when going to the gym and they work fine. All in all, nice shoe but I would not purchase another pair.
B004ZIP5GW Best shoes ever These are one of the best fitting shoes I own. If they still had my size, I will buy another one.
B004ZIP5GW nice I have to say that i Ordered these shoes by mistake  thinking they were for women, but even when i had to return them, the shoes are very cool for men! so bad they werent big enouf for my boyfriend, otherwise i would have keep them even when i order the wrong ones.
B004ZIP5GW look good in the picture I am not a fan of how these shoes look in person. They are much more bulky than they appear in the picture, at least for my size shoe (13). They're ok as gym shoes though, i just wish they were lighter.
B004ZIP5GW i have 4 pair of these shoes... love em i totally recommend these shoes to anyone, and hope that amazon puts some more colors on sale so i can gear up
B004ZIP5GW Too little... I bought this one at the same time with an other PUMA shoes, I have the same problem, the Shoes are too little . I guessed Puma shoes are differences from other manufactures in sizes.....
B004ZIP5GW damn good shoes Shoes fit perfectly, which I didn't think they we're going to because of my large 14 feet. Very comfortable and didn't need much to break in. Not like my other pumas which still fit a little funny after a couple of months of wearing them. the red is really bright I little to bright for me but got loads of compliments when I first got them. I think there one of the best pair if shoes I've had in a long while. A total good buy can't go wrong.
B004ZIP5GW worst shoes I've ever owned The soles are lumpy and uneven. The shoes is very wide and uncomfortable. My feet hurt just walking in the grocery store.
B004ZIP5GW Nice! Bought these for my husband in a size 14. it's very hard to find shoes that fit him correctly and these were perfect.he is on his feet all day at work, and says they feel great!
B004ZIP5GW Great This shoes are really soft, you feel like you were wearing sandals. I used them to walk a really long trip and I didn't get uncofortable at any time.
B004ZIP5GW Best shoes i have ever owned! These shoes are amazing. I found a black pair in a store and fell in love but of course they didn't have my size. Then searched at least five other stores and none had my size.  Then i stumbled upon this pair on amazon a few wks ago and fell in love.  I have always had to wear insoles due to my flat feet and put insoles in these but actually found it to make the shoes fit too tight which made my feet hurt so after two days with insoles i took them out.  Just to find that I didn't need them any way. These shoes have the right support, at least for my feet.  They are comfortable enough to wear at work standing for eight hours at a cash register or walking around my college campus for hours.  Not to mention how colorful they are, you will be getting so many compliments on their color alone.  Had several coworkers compliment me on them, one girl even saying &#34;Man, those look comfortable!&#34; There is only one itsy bitsy thing that bothers my feet about these shoes.  My left foot is slightly bigger and wider than my right foot.  And not often but sometimes the side of the shoe irritates my pinky toe and the side of my foot. But I do have rather wide feet and up until now have always worn skater shoes to accommodate my feet. This doesn't happen often or enough to make me stop wearing or return these wonderful shoes. They are quality shoes.  I wear them ever day that I can.  My only other heartache with these shoes was the trouble to find my size.  God forbid anything happens to this pair and I can't find another. The new Puma Voltaic 4's I tried on were way too bright, too many neon colors mixed, not as comfortable and not as well put together.  I have no need to do any more shoe shopping any time soon. Thank You Puma Voltaic 3!
B004ZIP5GW Very Comfortable These shoes are great! My fiance has flat feet, so he finds many shoes to be uncomfortable. These shoes, however, he loves. He always has trouble finding shoes, so when his old ones wore out, I ordered him a pair from Amazon. He loves them. I'm pretty sure I'll be ordering them again for him.
B004ZIP5GW Really comfortable shoes As a person with flat feet issues and wear Nike all the time those shoes are awesome.Comfortable and great fit.
B004ZIP5GW Voltaics are some of the best shoes! This is my third pair of Puma Voltaic shoes in the last 2.5 years. I wish i could find more sneakers with no tongue like these. I LOVE THAT FEATURE!! I have found these shoes incredible durable too. I often break out the sides after months of wear, but none of the voltiacs have yet (still have my first pair that are about 2.5 yrs old!). I wear these to work at the office almost every day and then come home and will wear them around the farm for basic chores. The only down side i have found is if it is wet outside - the fabric on the side of the shoes wicks a lot of moisture and my toes get wet and will stay wet for a long time.I know it is usually not recommended for shoes, but I have put these shoes in the washer and it cleans them up very nicely. I then put them on my SHOE dryer (not in the clothes dryer). They come out smelling great (especially when I use a little bit of fabric softner), and they come out looking much better then most other shoes I have washed!
B004ZIP5GW Shoes for fencing! These shoes are for my grandson and he is happy with them. I am over 13 as I have a grandson that will be twenty this year.  He is the one that wanted these shoes for fencing at the College of Wooster.
B004ZIP5GW These shoes are awesome! I bought these for my husband for Christmas. I loved them so much, I had to give them to him early! They are amazing, he loves that the tongue is attached to the shoe and says they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever owned!
B004ZIP5GW shoes shoes were for my son, pumas are his favorite, fit good, arrived quickly, no problems with order. would order again
B004ZIP5GW Conferable shoes These are good gym shoes feel nice with good Cushing it them but don't get them in this color they look nasty lol I don't really care and still were them to the gym for my workouts but if you could save yourself from getting a ugly pair of shoes then why not right. I would recommend these shoe to others just. Not in this color they would have been much better if they were a royle blue for sure.
B004ZIPPEO very comfortable This product is very comfortable, I love to walk with this shoes all the time. I received a product better than expected since this is the first time that I buy shoes on internet
B004ZIPPEO stylish shoes Nice shoes, pretty unique and stylish. Only complaint is that it gets dirty easily and the front gets dimples in the shoes in between the canvas and the rubber.
B004ZIT63U We love these shoes! Daughter needed tennis shoes -  did a little research and came up that Pumas would be great! As always with Puma, good quality, nice looking shoes!
B004ZIT63U Love Puma Shoes for my Kids! Theses shoes out last any other brand when you have a boy who goes through shoes like mine does! Thanks to the seller for the great pricing!
B004ZIT63U Great shoes These shoes are extremely comfortable! They fit well and are spacious in the toe area. I love these shoes and get compliments all the time!
B004ZIT63U Looked good, but did not last! These PUMA shoes were worn twice a week for four months and have had to be replaced. They became unshaped and stretched out from normal athletic use. The heal fabric is very thick and constantly slipped off my child's foot. The laces are ridiculously long and had to be double knotted so she would not trip. The only good thing was the color of the shoe, however they did not last and I've had to purchase new shoes. I really hate having to buy new shoes NOT because my child out grew of them!
B004ZIT63U Awesome shoes!!! Loved the shoes but were a bit expensive for a 7 year old!!!!  And took big had to send back! Oh we'll!
B004ZIT63U Puma snickers I bought this running shoes for my sun. First of all they have different sizing chart - all sizes are 1/2 smaller. Second, the shoes are extremely uncomfortable. Even a kid who loved the way they looked couldn't get used to them and he did try very hard as they are "cool". I would not recommend this product. I will have to try to work it out with Amazon (where i bought them) as they were $60 and we can't use them.
B004ZIT63U Stretched Out In All The Right Places I love these shoes now tht they have stretched out in the correct places. I wear a size 8 in woman's and bought a size 7 in big kids. length is awesome it they were only tight right above the arch for the first couple days. These shoes are now my daily work shoes and Im on my feet all day.
B004ZIT63U hate these shoes! The inside of the shoe is really small. My child did not like them at all! He will not wear them so I bought them for nothing.. this was a Christmas gift and when I received them I threw away all receipts.  So now im stuck with a pair of shoes that made my child cry just trying them on!
B004ZIT63U did not fit! I Wasted $40 on shoes that did not fit my nephew. I wish they would size these shoes more accurately.
B004ZIT63U Love Puma! This shoes have a GREAT arc support. However the color is not purple like the pic its more like electric blue, which looks awesome too! My daughter loves her shoes and I'm very happy with it too!!! We'll buy from them soon!
B004ZITHZC Comfortable and beautiful My son just loved this shoes. This product is comfortable, beautiful and high quality. I am really happy with this purchase.
B004ZITHZC Great shoes My 5 yo son loved these! I was reluctant to buy shoes online, but the fit was great. Buy these shoes.
B004ZITHZC Puma Shoes Good fit, very nice quality, shipped quickly. I would recommned these shoes for anyone. They are comfortable and my grandson is enjoying them.
B004ZITHZC Puma shoes for toddler I bought these shoes back in December 2012 and waited to do a review until my son was done with the shoe-either through wear and tear or due to shoe size. This time, shockingly, it was due to his feet growing. My son is a very athletic boy and he plays hard in his shoes. Usually a good athletic shoe lasts maybe three months, four months if we're lucky! As you can see this shoe has lasted us for almost a full six months. What I've observed while my son has roared through the house and one too many tennis courts and soccer fields is that these shoes are made of high quality. It took him four months before i saw the first signs of fraying in some of the stitching.As great an experience we had with these shoes there are some things to be cautious of: 1) if your child has wide feet or a high arch you're going to want to go a half size bigger than his true foot size. 2) As with all velcro straps they start to break down after the first few washes. We never had the velcro completely fall off-even with my son yanking on them-but they did have trouble sticking after three months and at month six they would randomly come undone while walking through a store.All to say, my family and I had a great experience with the shoe. My son loved them, received tons of compliments and was sad he had to part with them. We wouldn't hesitate to buy the shoes again!
B004ZITHZC Cool Shoes My son needed some new shoes and these fit the bill. Nice fit and he seems to like them, so all in all they are a good buy at a great price.
B004ZITHZC Perfect I bought these size 10.5 shoes for my 4 year old daughter.  She has wide feet and is very hard on her shoes.  These shoes are very durable and fit her feet perfectly.  And of course she can run faster in them.  :)
B004ZITHZC Comfortable and handy His shoes were my 5 year old perfect , the are comfortable and beautiful, when we are trh first shoes out in search
B004ZITHZC GREAT ITEM These shoes are perfect for my niece. They have wonderful support and she says they are so comfortable. Definitely worth the money!!
B004ZITHZC Great shoes, tore a little at the toe The shoes are very good for a toddler just starting to run around and jump. They would have been perfect, if not for a small tear near the big toe on one of the shoes after just a couple days of wear. Clearly our 3 1/2 year old isn't wearing through shoes the way an adult would, so I suspect it is a weak point on the shoe as opposed to normal wear and tear. It's superficial, but wore faster than I had hoped.
B004ZITHZC awesome Love these shoes and again I'm a lover of Puma. I expected no less than what it is,recommend these shoes to anyone anytime.
B004ZITHZC so confortable This shoes are great. Really like the way my boy walks with those shoes. . . Really great product. I recommend this
B004ZITHZC Puma shoes Shoes are nice looking and comfortable but the Velcro is very bad. I will buy a different shoes from now on.
B004ZITHZC Shoes fell apart very quickly! I bought these shoes in the purple/white & pink/blue. Initially, I thought these were the cutest shoes (which is why I bought 2 different colors). However, after not even two weeks of my daughter wearing them (not everyday)the sides were wearing out and the threading on the sides were coming apart (on both pairs). Amazon was great in exchanging the shoes for no cost (as I thought it might be a defect on both pairs). However, not even a week after my daughter wore the next set of pairs the same thing was happening. These sneakers are poorly made for a toddler. They are very cute but not practical AT ALL for a toddler!
B004ZITHZC Flaw in design of shoe! I bought these shoes because of their cool design and the lightweight feel of Pumas.  They came exactly as in the picture and seemed to fit true to size.  HOWEVER, if you look at the picture, there is a strap that crosses the shoe at the bottom which adds pressure to the top of the food.  In addition to this, Right under this strap, the tongue of the shoe is sewn the main part of the shoe but there is overlap and this results in even added pressure to the top of the foot.  After two days of wearing these shoes, my 3-year-old began complaining that the shoes were hurting him and when I took off the shoes and socks, I noticed redness on the top of his foot right where this strap is. The worst part is that since they've been worn, I can't return them!  Do not buy these shoes!
B004ZITHZC Long lasting shoe!! We have loved Puma shoes!! They are well made and last!! My 8 year old is super hard on shoes but with Puma he is able ti ware them for almost a year!
B004ZITHZC Runs narrower comparing to other Puma shoes for Toddler My twins have been wearing puma shoes since they were walking. This pair particularly runs a lot narrower comparing to other shoes from Puma.The Velcro strap was a bit short and overall it just does not look comfortable to me, BUT,  for some reason my twin boys just love them at first sight, so I am keeping them.
B004ZITHZC Loved the shoes My grandson loved the shoes. They were a great pair I will buy again. Since my grandson is growing fast.
B004ZITU86 Right description I think these shoes are beautiful, I have nothing to complain about except for the fact that, they are a little tight. Other than that great shoes.
B004ZIVBQK comfortable comfortable great shoes. true to size. got them in white and orange and also in grey and orange. lots of compliments on them.
B004ZIVGH4 Very comfortable These shoes are light and breathe well. That's what I love about Puma. I normally wear a 10 but the 9 1/2 is pretty comfortable. I think I should've still went with the 10. At least they don't look wide at the toe area some other shoes when you get past a size 8!
B004ZIWJL6 Wow! What a shoes! When I saw this shoes, I said to myself, I want a pair for me!. These are shoes for everything... I recomend them a lot +++
B004ZIWJL6 Wrong Shoes Bought the wrong Shoes But I gave it away to someone who needed it and it fitted fine so will still leave a five star rating
B004ZIXBAY .. Puma shoes have always been my favorite shoes.These are very nice looking shoes.They run a little small.But, seeing you cant get NON neon shoes anymore, these are great.I had another pair of these for 3 years,and then they got a hole in them, ive had these a year and still going strong!
B00502ZXR8 Great shoes for wiggly babies! Our baby is 13 months old and extremely wiggly.  Diaper changing, changing clothes, putting on socks...it's like wrestling a wet pig.  Putting on Robeez shoes have always been a big production because she would roll around, try to throw herself off our laps, and curl her toes under to make it more difficult for us.  She basically wants to be naked and shoeless.  Since we live in a civilized society, however, we've had to make some adjustments to get her into clothes and shoes.These Puma shoes are so easy to put on, I can do it with one hand while holding her in a chokehold with the other (not really, but you get the picture).  They open completely with velcro, from ankle to toe.  This means that I can have them on her before she even knows what's happening.  They are also incredibly well made.  She's been wearing a size 4 for six months, and crawling this whole time.  They get very dirty, but are easy to clean with a damp cloth.  They also show absolutely no sign of wear, even though she wears them to daycare every day and crawls all around with them.  They still look great--obviously they no longer look brand new, but still are nice enough to wear out in public.She just grew out of these size 4's and I just put in an order of size 5's.  I'm going to keep buying Puma footwear for her, because I've been so impressed with this brand.
B0050302Z0 Bought as a present. I thought the shoes were great and the little girl we purchased them for loved them.  The lacing on this side makes the outside of the shoes look nice, however the inside was a little plain.
B0050304VW COOL SHOES!! Cool shoes. Very comfortable. Excellent price. We love the fact that they have velcro instead of shoelaces (a very important issue when trying to put them on a little kid).
B0050308XG Excellent Shoes Great pair of shoes! As my child grew out of her previous pair, I had to order the same shoes again because they were so great. You can get them on with one hand, they stay on and seem comfortable. Puma's tend to be a size smaller than other shoes, but I knew this before ordering. Very please with these shoes.
B0050U20U8 wonderful my daughter was looking for 5 years but shiny shoes that was not too much. these turned out to be perfect and she loves that are beautiful and comfortable. tube with no problem size does not always ask as closed shoes two sizes more than his foot since they grow fast and the shoes fit small with little use after I have no hesitation in recommending
B0050U210C Best sneakers ever made. I wish we could still find them.  My daughter wore and wore this shoes, until she outgrew them and they started coming apart.  She put more wear into these shoes than any others.  They were very comfortable.  Thanks Puma
B0050U210C flexible sole toddler shoes i love these shoes becacuse they are so light weight and the sole is very flexible. The colors are bright they look just like the picture. i found them at a better price at burlington coat factory. they have been worn daily for 3 weeks and still look new!
B0050U7C8I Light and durable I am a big fan of Puma shoes, and these don't disappoint at all. The shoes are really light and fun to wear. My kid's favorite shoes.
B0050U7C8I awesome Shoes fit as expected my baby love them, he was so comfortable, he uses the shoes for everything, those are really good ones
B0050U874Q AWESOME! These shoes were fantastic. They proved to be very durable.  Purchased them for my 8 year old son and he loved them.  He preferred to wear them to his other shoes and he could run like the wind in them. :)
B0050UGDJC Neat shoes Everything was just as expected. Shoes look great, fit, fast shipping, and at a good price. Not to impressed with the light-up feature, but it doesn't take away.
B00517MAKK Great shoes! They are so comfortable, they fit great. One of the few shoes, or maybe the only light weight kid shoes with out velcro. I love these shoes, i have small feet and these are perfect, not looking too much like kid shoes.
B00517MAKK Shoes woreout quickly These shoes wore out in a matter or a weeks! Really bad shoes for little boys! There were two holes on each side of the shoe. Don't buy for little boys! Fast shipping though....
B00517MAU0 Huh? Huh?  My son's soccer coach said THESE WEREN'T EVEN SOCCER SHOES.  The position and type of cleats make them baseball shoes.  I had to go out and buy another pair of shoes for this season. Geez.
B00517N9DW Love the shoes! I bought these shoes for my daughter after she lost her first pair of Puma's at the mall on Black Friday.  The shoes are great, durable, and comfortable.
B00517NOTQ Resistant shoes - spots will come inmediatley Really shoes are very comfortable and nice to children. Spots have came promptly but after the first washing they will have some of original color.
B0051TJG5K Puma shoes My son loved these shoes. They lasted for 2 years and he grew out of them before they fell apart.
B0053A2M3A Great comfortable, lightweight shoe I got these shoes as a gift for my boyfriend, and he can't stop raving about how wonderful they are! He had a pair of H-street shoes several years ago that endured 3-4 years of heavy use, and he was so disappointed when they finally ripped during a soccer match. The price and the quality of these shoes are so much better than anything we could find in Turkey. He loves that they're lightweight and breathable, and are perfect for daily use or for kicking a soccer ball around with friends. The shoes look great, and are exactly what I was hoping for.
B0053A2M3A Awsome shoes! These shoes are so comfortable. They are extremely light weight. My feet have next to no arch and I can run miles in these shoes with no foot pain or cramps!
B0053YAH4M Great shoes! These shoes look exactly as pictured, they are bright, fun, and functional. They also run true to size. Not as light weight as other Puma shoes I have had, still a great shoe.
B0053YAH4M Nice shoes Pretty cool colour! comfortable shoes! quick delivery! these shoes are as I expected! I'm happy with these puma shoes for  my sport lifestyle!
B0053YB0NO like walking on pillows! absolutely love these shoes. never purchased shoes online before and i took my chance and these are perfect! fits perfect, quality is great, VERY comfortable! i even bought another pair for my daughter! highly recommend these shoes!
B0053YB0NO my first puma athletic shoes and I love them! I have never tried Puma before, usualy get New Balance, Nike. These are sooo comfy, they are softly cushioned and they fit great. i wear them for long walks with my dog, and my feet feel great in them. they are plenty wide, and hold up really well on long walks. The bright colors are fun, and they are well made shoes.
B0053YB0NO Bright and Cute I really love these shoes, mostly fir the look with the bright colors. I haven't taken therunning yet but hope to soon. I'm not sure if they will be as great of trainers but to walk around town looking cool these are your shoes!
B005438OCY comfortable When I first got these shoes they were so light I didn't think they would be comfortable but they are the most comfortable shoes I have and very attractive
B005438OCY great shoes! My daughter goes daily to swim and they excercise about 1 hour, she uses this shoes near water and they are perfect for that. Very happy with the purchase. Thanks!
B0054D2G7I Would not Buy These shoes have zero support, it felt as if I wasn't even wearing shoes the pounding on the ground made my feet sore.
B0054D2G7I nice shoes This pair of puma shoes is very light and comfortable.I liked the design. Product was as shown in picture
B005543Z5S Cool Shoes The shoes were true to their size, and are some of the lightest most comfy shoes I have worn. I was looking for some cross trainers for track practice. I do not really recommend them for long runs, only light runs or plyos. The color is as bright as it looks and definitely turns heads, in a good way.
B005543Z5S Thank you. Thank you for the fast delivery. I've purchased these shoes before from the PUMA main website, however, they seemed to have been discontinued. These shoes are perfect for me and I appriciate you having them for sale.
B005543ZHQ Amazing Shoes Sooooo confortable love it. I would recommend these shoes very highly. I just don't understand why this model was discontinued.
B005543ZHQ very comfortable and stylish look I spend a lot of time on my feet at work during a 12 hour shift so these shoes were perfect for me.  They are extremely comfortable, light weight, and look good.  I had to get the white pair for my job but I would not recommend getting the white ones because, like any white shoe, they stain easy.  If comfort is a major issue, then I would definitely recommend these shoes.
B0055440OS Great shoes and comfortable I wear this shoes everyday. I bike to work in them so I can use a strapless toe clip, as I had no intention of dropping $ 200 for pedal/shoe combination but wanted more stability. The combination works great. These shoes are so comfortable that I wear them everywhere. Can't do that with cleets. They are also true to size. Highly recommended.
B005544T94 Great comfy shoes Definitely one of the most comfortable shoes i ever have, great colour and lightweight also. The size that i ordered also just nice for me and the packet reach me very fast since i placed my order.  Highly recommended
B0055476V2 love it this shoes desirve 5 stars rate cose when u ware this puma shoes u will not feel that u ware shoes very comfortable colorful and fashion
B005547MJS Too tight for me. These shoes are overall good shoes. The usual problem with Pumas for me is that they are too tight around the sides and they don't make enough wide shoes, if any at all. I bought these for insanity and they help a lot, but eventually the sides of my feet get sore from the shoes narrowness. Definitely buy these shoes if you can normally wear Pumas without discomfort.
B005547MJS Good shoes Purchased these shoes for my brother and he is so pleased with them. They are light and airy plus nice to look at!
B0055523LE love these Wish I could find more Puma Bluebird shoes.  They are not real expensive but have a really nice built in contoured arch support.  Nicely made shoes.
B0055523UU Great Product, But there was something off... As another reviewer noted, the colours of the shoe you receive and the colours in the picture -are- different.(At least on the blue one blue option).  I tried these one in a Puma store, and the ones I tried were the ones pictured.  I wasn't ready to buy then, so I ordered off of Amazon, and when I got the shoes I noticed a definite colour difference.  The shoes I recieved are actually called the '76 Runner, not the '76 Mirage.  They are in fact the same exact shoe, construction wise.  The "Runner" series simply had different colour options than the Mirage, and the blue in the Runner is a bit darker, not as bright.  Closer to a navy blue than a royal blue.  I'm debating sending them back, I kinda like the darker blue actually.Otherwise, these shoes are exactly the same, they just don't say "Mirage" on the sides.  The insole is still the awesome new memory foam insole, and it's amazing how comfortable the new insoles are.  I always thought Pumas were the most comfortable shoes I ever bought, but they even outdid themselves!  And I do really like the cut of these shoes.  These are part of their heritage line; remakes of old styles of their shoes.  I like the old school look, cause most modern sneakers and skate shoes just make me feel, blah.So if ordering blue on blue, keep in mind colours may be off a bit, depending on the seller you get and what inventory they have.  Worst case, go order from Puma to be sure.  These shoes are awesome, and if they wear like my last pumas, they'll last you a long time!
B005552422 Amazing Shoes This item is the best! They are very comfortable to wear. You can wear anything with these shoes. I recommend everybody to get these. These shoes are very simple, nice and neat, and perfect condition to wear to go out. Get THESE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B005552422 Amazing! These shoes are absolutely amazing! They are so comfy and they look incredible with skinny jeans! Definitely one of the best pairs of shoes that I have ever owned!
B005552422 Puma shoes The men's Puma shoes were just as pictured. Arrived very quickly. And were a very good value. The recipient loved them.
B005552422 Quite big These shoes are really confortable, i wearing 2 days per week,The are cheap and nice, I recomended these shoes
B005552422 Fantastic Shoes! I would definitely recommend these shoes!Pros:- They look fantastic- They are incredibly comfortable- They feel like good quality made shoes- They were one of the only shoes that actually came in size 13 for me- The price is perfect for themCons:- The heal is a bit thin and sometimes folds or bends on itself when I'm slipping my foot in.- Shoe laces are a bit too longVery minor cons and plenty of pros to make up for them. Excellent purchase.
B005552422 Good "light duty" shoes. Really like the look of the shoes and they fit about 90% well; a little tight width-wise. Other than that, I like them just fine.
B005552422 Puma shoes Great shoes as expected from puma.  The shoe is a bit darker than the picture so take that into consideration.  Very comfortable and for a good price.
B005552422 NEVER AGAIN Simply awful - Puma label???  Shoes are cut low, narrow, absolutely no support (no arch support of any kind).Walked today around the city, came home with multiple blisters.  Absolutely does not fit like other shoes I have ordered.  These have GOT to be returned.
B005552422 Comfortable Shoes I was looking for a decent pair of not-quite-tennis-shoes for a vacation. I've been breaking them in over the past few weeks and they're comfortable and good looking. I noticed they are more true-to-size than other PUMA shoes I've gotten before--especially compared to the racing-type ones.
B005552422 Satisfied w purchase, took a bit to receive them. Very satisfied with shoes, shoes were correct size and color. Shoes look just like image provided. No complaints about my purchase.
B005552422 Puma makes good shoes Bought these for my son, he is a Ricky Fowler follower and would have everything Puma if he could.  All of his golf clothes are Puma, and we just bought some new Puma golf shoes from Amazon.  Good shoes at a great price.
B0055524JA Terrific These may be the best shoes I have ever purchased online. The arrived quickly and are VERY comfortable.  I recommend these to everyone.
B0055524JA Cool shoes! I was a bit weary about ordering shoes online at first but I'm glad I ordered these! They fit perfectly, are comfortable and look awesome! Best $20 I've ever spent on shoes.
B00555AO2E Awesome shoes I ordered these shoes for my son as a Christmas present.  He loved them and they look even better than the picture.  Arrived quickly even though it was the holidays!
B0055BZJGY Very Comfortable Love these shoes.Bought them for commuting to work on the train.  They are like walking barefoot (without the fear of picking up hookworms) but with just the right amount of support.I have worn very high heels (nothing lower than 4")for so long my achilles tendon has shortened and wearing low heel shoes is usually very painful.  So far I have adjusted well with these shoes.Added plus is that they do not look like the usual sneaker (excluding the pink or purple ones).  They have a good business casual look without looking too casual (just jumped off the treadmill).
B0055BZJGY Awesome !!! I bought this shoes for my wife. They were perfect in size. Quality is great and very comfortable. I got it for around $20 less than puma's website rate. I recommend to all.
B0055BZJGY women puma osu these are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! They dont hurt my feet! They are really like pillows to my feet. It is my first time ordering this brand and was expecting the worse. I'm so glad I bought them! The delivery was very fast,also! I'm very,very happy with everything!
B0055QR480 Good stuuf I bought these shoes trough amazon the shoes that I got are really cool the same as description I am really happy with them, they sent them on time .
B0055QRPFM Amazin Shoes I ordered this on Tuesday night and received by Thursday!!! I highly recomend these shoes, they are better in person than in the picture. Great quality, amzaing fit and they look really good.
B0055QRPFM Puma sneakers Ferrari Fashion If you want some shoes that stand out and say wow! These are the shoes.  The size is right on, and they are really nice looking.  These are for fashion, and at this price I wouldnt wear them them every day so that they last longer.  I got the white, and they look great with everything.
B0055QTOBK Easy to get into, I live in Japan, and I have to pretty much take my shoe off everywhere.That's why I got these shoes.  They re easy to put on.However my only complaint is that the toe is starting to wear a hole through,and I've only worn them for 5 months.  That's a bit too fast.It seems like the material is a bit flimsy.  Perhaps some rubber should be used toprotect the toe area.  Apart from that, good shoes.
B0055X9OO0 My Favorite Shoes Ever I bought these shoes a few years ago and Amazon asked that I write an opinion. I still love them! They still look like new and I get compliments on them every time I wear them. Great shoes!
B0055XATC6 great shoes I love the shoes . Comfortable , not to pricy and good looking.The shoebox came within a little red puma bag which was real nice.I am an 8.5 and 8.5 fits just perfect.
B0055XATC6 Do yourself a favor and do not buy these shoes! I was shocked when I received these shoes that they were so flimsy that when you stood up in them, the top of them sank in and got deep furrows horizontally across the toe.  In addition, the middle of the shoes gaped out as if you had your fingers in them pulling them out sideways..  All in all, they looked like clown shoes.  They told me to return them directly to them with a note and they would refund my shipping costs but they did not.  I sent several emails and they ignored me.
B0055XATC6 Very comfortable shoes Love Puma shoes. They give a super casual/nice look.I feel like I am bearfoot, they are super comfortable and look fantastic!
B0055XD8JM perfect fit shoes were a perfect fit, have to break into them and get used to them when you first wear them.very comfy and soft. would recommend to friends/family
B00569FWJ4 Great! These shoes are fantastic! They are super comfortable and fit nicely. They do not make me feel constricted. I highly recommend them!
B0056WZN2W Awesome shoes These shoes are awesome...I was looking for nice and comfy shoes for months...Finally, I found them. I read one review that was not the best, but I totally disagreeThese shoes are comfortable (I wear these shoes for the whole day while working), there are enough tight, and size is perfect (of course I checked the size at store, where the had same shoes but different colors..anyway size does not run small or big)This were my first shoes ordered by the internet and I am totally satisfied. The color is so nice, enough fancy but not to muchThere are lots of fancy style shoes are on the market, but honestly you could not wear all of them to work...I highly recommend these shoes...plus the price was the lowest...
B0056WZN2W Puma Pink I always get compliments on these shoes, and people always ask where I got them.  They are easy to put on while I am holding onto a baby.  Sometimes don't have the luxury of hands. :) Great shoes.
B0056YF2DU Great shoes!! I work in a hospital, so I bought these shoes for work. The shoe is amazing. It's true to size, and the leather was easily broken in. I am on my feet for 12 hours and they never hurt. Light weight, and always look and feel great!!
B0056YH1PW Sad. I absolutely LOVED the look of these shoes. I trusted puma although I have never owned a pair myself. These shoes were such a disappointment. The puma bag they came in was dirty and  the box inside that was busted up.  I had to consider for a moment whether or not they were actually real pumas. There was noticeable glue around the sides and the top looked wrinkled like they were already used. The soles, however, were brand new looking. Then I put them on. I have a bit of a wider foot, but these shoes just squeezed them mercilessly. There is no arch support either. None. I actually jumped up and down a bit to see if at some point my arch would touch the shoe. After 5 minutes or so, the balls of my feet were aching and my toes were tingling. They're going back to their maker. So disappointed. I only gave the extra star because they are so pretty. They probably don't even deserve that.
B0056YP5VE Amazing The shoes are amazing. I bought them in April and they're still awesome. I love them they're my favorite shoes.
B0056YRCTW Nice Puma's The best part of these shoes is the soft kangaroo leather.  It keeps my son's feet warm during the cold weather and is very comfortable to wear (never needs to be broken into). These are great shoes for the price, but the Puma King SL are even better!
B00583W64C Puma speed Awesome shoes. Comfortable and stylish. I recommend these shoes if you like to play indoor soccer or just for casual use.
B0058XE0GY Great shoes They fit great! I love these shoes, wear them everyday. Definitely recommend getting them. Very comfortable and fashionable! You won't regret getting these shoes.
B0058XE0GY my house shoes I like to wear comfortable flats around the house and during my workout. These shoes are perfect for me. They are a bit narrow but in turn offer great stability and support. In time these shoes will just get better.
B0058XE0GY Sole came off after less than 10 games The shoes are comfortable and fit well. I could tell that they were cheaply made but they seemed like they would work for a casual player like myself. After about 10 games the whole sole came off the right shoe from the heal to the very tip of the toe. I have read a couple similar reviews. I would avoid purchasing these shoes.
B0058XE0GY GREAT FITTING SHOES I BOUGHT PUMA ROMAS AFTER READING REVIEWS. PUMA ROMAS ARE CRAPPY SHOES. ESITOS  ARE STYLISH AND FIT I WANTED BURGUNDY SHOES
B0058XE0GY Starting to dismount after 4 months I purchased that soccer shoes on Oct 2012 and used it around 5 times between Oct and Dec. I just get them to use (Feb 2013) and I already noticed the front of the shoes (rubber) losing its glue and getting apart from the shoes.I do not recommend this product.Update: I sent a e-mail to Puma asking about warranty. They asked me to send to information (what was the defect, when I bought the shoes,...) and after a few days they provided me with a gift card of the same value of the shoe to be used on their website.
B0058XE0GY Classic leather white sport shoes , i like it Classic leather white soprt shoes , i like it .My friends like it too .few see the style on the street
B0058XE0GY Quality Shoes First off, this shoe is very good looking. I nice smooth and soft leather upper; as well as a grippe rubber gum sole. I myself purchased the black and white combo, and it was a good choice indeed. Every time I put them on i like them more and more. They may not seem very comfortable out of the box, but after you break them in, they really conform to your feet. The shoes are about as comfortable as a new sofa. Not as comfortable as your old sagging easy chair, but comfortable with support, unlike a super cushy shoe.
B0058XE334 Exactly what I was looking for Wanted a black shoe that looked nice and could be worn to events as well as just everyday. Was skeptical but I put my foot in and it fit perfectly. The shoe has a lot of heel support too if that helps you at all. PUMA overall is a very nice brand has been my go to for shoes for 5 years now and my shoes have always lasted me at least a year and if you have two pairs to wear at a time they will last you a significant amount of time. Don't think I could have got better shoes for 50$
B0058XE334 cool the shoes are some of the best i have worn. very fashionable. my friends like then more then i do
B0058XEE88 Track Shoes My daughter liked the colors and the price and quality were right on the mark.  I would recommend these track shoes to anyone.
B0058XF1KI Puma Shoes My son is happy with the shoes and the price was good. They are canvas so if you have a really wide foot it might not fit as well.
B0058XF1V2 Dirty shoes These shoes where dirty and worn. when they arrived.  Other than that they are ok. but they were advertised as new not used.
B0058XF1V2 Very comfortable and light shoes My only complaint is that the closures are a little too short and I have to over tight a little bit.The shoes are very well made and good looking and exceptionally light (makes you feel as barefooted).Recommended
B0058XF1V2 Puma shoes The shoes fit great, they are light and seem to be made really well. This is the first pair of non skate shoes I've bought in over ten years and I am glad I made the change.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes Good shoes. Very comfortable. Great quality . Very happy with them so far. The picture somewhat throws you off but the leather has quite a shine to it when you recieve them
B0058XF1V2 Great! These shoes are exactly like what they look like but even more sharp!!! The picture makes them look kind of dull but they are not at all! They are super sharp looking :)
B0058XF1V2 Comfortable These shoes fit the foot like a glove and are very light weight. Great for walking or just standing around.
B0058XF1V2 Love these Shoes!! I purchased these shoes to take with me to Sweden when walking around and they fit great!!  can't  wait to try them out in Sweden!!
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes that don't tie Got these for my brother because he needed new shoes that didn't tie and he loves them. Wish there were more cute shoes like these.
B0058XF1V2 good excellent shoes very well service and i like the shoes i recommend this shoes is very comfortable recommended for future
B0058XF1V2 Wrong sizing. Ordered 14D, received a really tight pair of shoes. The strap won't close, the shoes are too small. Nice look but not worth the hassle. I think sizing also depends on the product styles. Disappointing purchase.
B0058XF1V2 Puma Perfection! These shoes look great for either very casual wear or a slightly more dressed up appearance. They fit true to size and are extremely comfortable. They need no break in period as the leather is extremely supple. I highly recommend this product.
B0058XF1V2 Worth It I ordered for my father in law as a gift. He was happy to have the shoes. He got attention from his couple of friends for the shoes. It is nice built,, comfortable..
B0058XF1V2 Great, comfortable fit I've only had the shoes for 2 weeks now, but they are very comfortable right out of the box. Look slick, too. They do run slimmer, but they are Pumas, so you should already expect that.
B0058XF60I great One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased! Stability and comfort are noticeable more so than other shoes
B0058XF60I great shoes i really enjoy these shoes... super comfortable plus for the price i got them for it makes it all better.
B0058XF6Q2 Slip on Slip Off Easy to wear and take off shoes for every day practical uses. Tight at first, needs breaking into. Comes with a cool little puma travel bag for the shoes as well.
B0058XF6Q2 Best Shoes I've Ever Owned These are the best shoes, they're a bit skinny for most, but I have a thin foot. I can feel everything through them and i feel like i can drive 10x better with these.
B0058XF6Q2 Almost Perfect I love these shoes. For once this is a shoe that looks good both online and when I receive it in the mail. The only real downside to the shoes is that the laces don't slide well on the leather so that when you're lacing your shoes up, the laces tend to rub and squeak and move slowly. Probably an easy fix but I haven't looked into it yet.
B0058XF6Q2 not good shoes arived latewhen i tried these on im a size 10 but these shoes for some reason are very tight and hard to put oncan i please get a partial refund on these shoesthank you
B0058XF6Q2 Great shoes I have owned a pair of DC skate shoes and to go from them to these it honestly wasn't to hard to make the change, the overall comfort of these shoes are great.I do have one con bout these shoes, I could where my DC's right out the box, I had to re-lace these and loosen up the laces for them to be comfortable, they were very tight on the outside part of my feet.
B0058XFAJU I love the color!! The shoes are comfortable and durable. The shoes have lasted me until now and I wish there were more of the same shoe to buy.
B0058XFAMC Good Shoes These are great mainly because of the styling. They aren't the most comfortable shoes ever but they aren't terrible. I've always liked the design of Puma shoes. Additionally, the aglets for this shoe are surprisingly detailed.
B0058XFAOK Awesome Shoes! Comfortable shoes and they look great with jeans. They fit well and are very fashionable. I wear them to work and I'm on my feet a lot. Buy them and enjoy!
B0058XFAOK Poor design from a usually good shoemaker This is one of the few Amazon orders that I have ever returned.  In fact, I have owned several pairs of Pumas over the years and have always been pleased, but these were a let down.  The problem is twofold.  First, the shoes are very wide and roomy.  The size 14 lenght I ordered was correct, but the footbed and the uppers on the shoes were so wide and spacious that i could have put on 3 pairs of wool socks and still gotten into these shoes.  I do have somewhat narrow feet and one obvious solution would be to tighten the shoe.  That doesn't work with these shoes because the velcro contact point for adjusting the strap is only about an inch wide.  When i tightened the shoes to fit the velco didn't match up.  I'm returning them and will look for something else.
B0058XFAOK Excellent Second shoes I got from puma, I didn't like the first one, but I gotta love it this time. This shoes is perfect, comfortable, smooth, and the design it great!
B0058XFC7U Work Shoes Very Comfortable.  I bought theses shoes to wear at work.  I work 12 hour shifts in a very big Hospital.  I am on my Feet most of the day.  Love these shoes.  I would recommend
B0058XFP4A GREAT LOOKING SHOES THE SHOES ARE NICER LOOKING IN PERSON, THE PICTURE DID NOT REFLECT HOW GREAT LOOKING THEY ARE AND VERY COMFORTABLE ALSO
B0058XFP86 i have wide feet But damn do these shoes look good! If only they weren't so slim.. Oh well, they do look fantastic though
B0058XFP86 perfect shoes nice look. Comfortable. well designed. My family were amazed by this shoes and I am recommending it to friends and colleagues.
B0058XFP86 I used them a lot I've been using these shoes for about a year and just love them.  They're really comfortable and I really like the fact it does not have the shoelaces.  It just make my life simpler.
B0058XFP86 puma shoes This puma fits quite comfortably. It's very light and soft as well. I am used to wearing a heavy steel toe shoe 5days of the week so this puma suits me just fine. Great shoes
B0058XFP86 nice shoes I bought this pair of shoe for the birthay of my brothwer. He really loves his shoes. The colors and the style are totally different of a conventional shoes. The shoes fits perfectly to him
B0058XFP86 Good velcro shoe My son has a difficult time tying his shoes because of fine motor issues.  These athletic shoes look cool, and they are easy to get on and off.
B0058XFP86 Great Shoes....surprised on Olive Green Color Being that the shoes are Puma's, they will undoubtedly be comfortable. The color of the Puma's surprised me somewhat when I received them. In the Displayed Picture, Olive Green appears to be almost Lime green which I was looking forward too, However upon receiving the shoes, they Appear to be closer to a Dark Yellow rather than Green. Either way I'm satisfied with the Product other than wishing they were more Green than Yellow. I am a Prime Member, and I received the Shoes within 2 days or Ordering from KY (to WI). I purchased size 9. I shall upload pictures which may do the colors a little more justice I hope.Great shoes & I love OSU Puma's so I'm keeping the shoes regardless.
B0058XFP86 Not True Sizing! Other reviewers warned the shoe might be narrow and/or not otherwise true to size. I didn't listen...and they were right. I really coveted these shoes in Scarlet & Grey. I wear a 13D...these are advertised 13 D...but not so. I returned the shoes thanks to Amazon Prime. I meant to check to see where the shoes were constructed; I have found that running shoes constructed in Viet Nam typically are NOT true to size. I found this in Asics and in Brooks. U.S and China seem to construct the best shoe. I should have asked before ordering. I am now warry in ordering future Puma's.
B0058XFP86 Great Shoes I have really enjoyed using these shoes this past week. Great for jogging, working out at the gym and really good for any occasion (Minus being extremely formal)
B0058XFP86 Very nice shoe. All around this is a great shoe, which I highly recommend.  I did just want to note a couple of things:1.  Going from Asics to these, for me the Pumas seemed to be a little bit larger.  I normally wear a size 10, but for these I might have been a little better off with a size 9.5 or so.  Just be aware of the sizing differences.2.  My last actual running shoes was a pair of Brooks shoes, which started tearing into the back of my foot (factory defect).  These Pumas are worlds more comfortable, but the Brooks shoes did seem to have quite a bit more bounce to them, which was nice.3.  There is a LOT of padding in the shoe, so if you're averse to the idea of wearing hook and loop (Velcro) shoes because you won't be able to adjust them later, you shouldn't find it too much of an issue.  Just bear in mind item 1 above.
B0058XFP86 sore feet... althought these are some cool shoes, they do not have a removeable insole  and frankly they MUST - because we need to put in an orthotic that will actually add some support and you cannot do that if you can't take out the original, or the shoe will not fit properly.Yes, I used to be an orthotics fitter for diabetic shoes - I do know what I am talking about and for the money- these shoes are not worth it.
B0058XFP86 Awesome shoes Awesome shoes & very comfortable to wear & looks amazing with 3 4th or shorts.Would recomment it to anyone who enjoys easy to wear & comfortable sports shoes
B0058XFP86 Comfortable, and awesome! I bought these shoes not expecting much (for an online order) and they are probably the most comfortable shoes i've ever owned.
B0058XFP86 Cool shoes. I love them, I get a lot of compliments on them. They stand out because of the unique design. Easy to slip on, if you dont know how to tie your shoes (i do but...).
B0058XFP86 love these shows i bought them for gym but i like them so much that i wear them when i go out with jeans sometimes. everyone tells me how much they like these shoes. i bought the ones that have an orange inside. they look great and feel like your walking on clouds
B0058XFP86 Very good Light weight and very comfortable, solid shoes for me.  Also I like that there are no laces, some people like their shoes super tight, I don't.  I suppose this is a solid shoe for the average runner.
B0058XFP86 I was intrigued by the look of these shoes I bought these shoes because I needed new running shoes but I also wanted a shoe that was a little versatile, intrigued by how nice these shoes looked.First, I think they will pass in places that do not allow sneakers and this has been true for me including a hotel's rooftop bar at sunset with a view over Bangkok.They are comfortable but I feel like my foot is inclined slightly off the sole.  That's the best I can describe it.  It's a weird feeling but it may be intentional and it has not caused any problems after extended use.Unfortunately, I have yet to actually run in them because I like them so much as wearable, eye-catching shoes so I cannot comment if they are actually good for their intended purpose.  But they are comfortable to walk in!
B0058XFP86 Held up almost a year. I bought these shoes to wear at work. I work in the backroom of a Wal-Mart doing inventory related things. I'm on my feet and walking around for nearly the full eight hours I'm there, I'm only sitting on breaks or lunch breaks. I'm thoroughly satisfied with these shoes as they have held up to me wearing them all day at least five times a week. They're finally starting to show some wear (the rubber bit at the end is coming undone, but probably could be fixed with some super glue, and the white part lining the bottom has started to wrinkle and crack a bit, but they're still more than wearable, I'm just a tad superficial about my shoes looking nice) and I am going to replace them with another pair of Puma Osu shoes. I would recommend these to anyone who has to be on there feet all day and want a pair of shoes that will last a long time under pressure.
B0058XFP86 Great Shoes....surprised on Olive Green Color Being that the shoes are Puma's, they will undoubtedly be comfortable.  The color of the Puma's surprised me somewhat when I received them.  In the Displayed Picture, Olive Green appears to be almost Lime green which I was looking forward too, However upon receiving the shoes, they Appear to be closer to a Dark Yellow rather than Green.  Either way I'm satisfied with the Product other than wishing they were more Green than Yellow. I am a Prime Member, and I received the Shoes within 2 days or Ordering from KY (to WI). I purchased size 9.  I shall upload pictures which may do the colors a little more justice I hope.Great shoes & I love OSU Puma's so I'm keeping the shoes regardless.
B0058XFP86 Excellent Shock Absorption, Limited Durability As a long distance runner, I go through a lot of shoes.  I've tried shoes from all the major brands, and I rarely buy two pairs of the same model.  However, I am now 80-90% through my second pair of Puma Osu Nm's and I'll be purchasing a third pair when these finally expire.Many shoes leave me with ankle or foot pain after a strenuous run.  I'm also prone to shin splints, which I get from most shoes after a few days of consecutive runs.  That's why I love these shoes -- my feet feel fantastic after using them and I don't get shin splints at all!  When they're wet and muddy and I go back to my Reebok Zigs or New Balance Minimus 1010s (which are both relatively new), I get shin splints and foot pain every time.  That's when I appreciate my Pumas the most!The one weakness to these shoes is that they don't hold up as well as I wish they did.  After about 350-400 miles, I start getting shin splints and ankle pain again and I know they're on their way out.  However, they make a great sneaker at this point, given their bold style.  People always compliment me on them, although I could care less how they look.  I like running shoes to last about 600 miles, but usually shoes that last that long are more expensive than this model.All in all, these shoes are a great value.  The best thing about them is the comfort they provide during (and after) hard runs.***UPDATE***I changed the rating of this shoe from five to three stars.  Although they were very comfortable, they were the primary cause of my "hammer toe," which basically describes a bent toe derived from poorly fitting shoes.  The toes were not wide enough for my feet, and I didn't even realize it for months.  It took six months of not wearing these shoes for my hammer toe to go away.  I was worried it would last forever.  As many other reviewers have said, these shoes are very narrow.  If you do choose to buy them, at least get a bigger size than you normally would.
B0058XFPLS great shoes Great shoes they came in faster than i thought very breathable comfortable and light weight and on the plus side there not bulky like some puma shoes the only con is that they get scuffed up easy
B0058XFPLS Great shoes These shoes are comfortable and very nice look! Just small on the top where are your toes. The quality of shoes is good but they for improvement.
B0058XFPLS Good Stuff! As advertised. I'm pretty picky when it comes to shoes. I am very happy with my purchase. Very nice shoes.
B0058XFPLS VERY comfortable shoes!!! Love these shoes. Like walking bare footed. Super clean and super nice! Very comfortable. Thank you very much! Very happy!
B0058XFPLS Nice looking shoe meant for flat feet. These shoes, while attractive looking on the website, are actually quite ugly and are not properly scaled-up. While there appears to be some arch support and a clear amount of heel lift in the pictures, the reality is that there is almost zero lift and the split sole with arch support also evident in the online photos, is nearly flat.Fit wise they are exceptionally tight on the toes as they are far too pointy. (a clear sign of bad scaling) Since the shoes are nearly flat there is a massive air space between the arches of the feet and the sole of the shoes. The materials used to make this shoe are also cheap.These are NOT good shoes, but if you have flat feet and like wearing plastic garbage on them, then these Pumas are for you.Can't wait to send these back. Totally disappointed. What a waste of time.
B0058XFRLG Great look, uncomfortable fit These shoes are very handsome, but the fit leaves a little to be desired. A 10.5 is quite tight on my foot (by comparison a 10.5 Nike Dunk is almost too large for my foot). The fit around the heel is the worst part, it digs into my heel regardless of what type of sock I'm wearing. Strangely enough, it's almost more comfortable to walk in these shoes than it is to drive in them. When I wear them to work they seem to fit better than if I wear them when I drive long distances (these are driving shoes, so that's a bit odd to me).
B0058XFXA6 Great Purchase!!! I would definitely recommend these shoes; they are beautiful, and come in a cute red bag. This is the 3rd pair of Mostros that I buy for my dad, he thinks that they are the most lightest and comfortable shoes
B0058XFXA6 GOOD STUFF THESE ARE SOME OF THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES EVER DESIGNED.THEY ARE GETTING A LITTLE HARD TO FIND AS WELL. WAS GLAD TO FIND THEM HERE.
B0058XFYDC Comfortable and stylish; Poor construction & material These sneakers are definitely better looking than most (especially you wear running shoes as casual shoes...which is an atrocity). They are very comfortable and fairly true-to-fit depending on the color (oddly enough).I have own about 4 pairs of Clydes and they all have one problem in common: the soles. The soles wear out in about 2 months after regular wear and ANY moisture will get into the shoe from the bottom. They aren't meant to be waterproof, but even walking on wet ground will soak the shoes after regular wearing of the shoe.Additionally, if you buy the "leather" be aware that it is not genuine leather (even though it claims to be "real" leather). It feels like faux leather and does not absorb leather conditioners or waterproofing agents the way full grain or even cheap leather does. At the price of the shoes, this was to be expected.With proper care and light use, these shoes last maybe 6 months. I still love the comfort and looks of the shoe (and price) so I keep buying these, but I really wish they were better quality.
B0058XGENQ Very comfortable I have had these shoes for nearly 5 months and I love them. They fit perfectly. I typically prioritize comfort over style but, for me, these shoes offer a great balance between the two. They have gradually become my favorite pair of shoes for casual wear since they fit so comfortably. My only complaint with them is that due to the lower portions being nearly white, they easily get dirty. Besides that, it has been a great experience.
B0058XGI5A good shoes Not real complaint with these shoes. I gave it a 4 because the syle just doesn't have that pop effect.
B0058XGI5A I couldn't resist to the design i don't know who I'll offer this wonderful shoes to, but this shoes looks even better than on the screen. Also, its very light and you can barely feel it.
B0058XGI5A I liked them my husband didn't I love puma shoes, but for men they may actually be to slender a look. I purchased these for my husband and he didn't care for the style he felt they were like ballerina shoes for men. I would just recommend not trying to change anyone's style without their input. The return process was seamless and again as a woman I have 4 pairs and love them! They make your feet comfortable, are very light and look little. I guess all the reasons a man might not like them.
B0058XGI5A Beach Shoes I run on the beach every day.  My shoes always get ruined by the sand and salt...mess is out, heavy shoes are heavy.  When I got these they seemed so cheap, but have lasted better than any other, and I am spoiled by how light they are.  Would they hold up for other use?  No idea, but if you want great, cheap, really ugly shoes for a beach run...buy these.
B0058XGI5A Amazing Love these shoes! Great color and design. Plus they are very very comfortable for everyday use! They are very light shoes
B0058XGI5A most comfortable shoe ever. fit great. durable. lightweight. can't say anything better. will buy puma shoes again. no complaints here. I thought they may run small, but because it's leather, and flexible, my feet glide right in.
B0058XGI5A Great shoes These shoes look sharp and are very comfortable . with the thin sole you would think they don't have much support but they do.
B0058XGI5A Perfect for Everyday use Shoes fit perfectly. I was fortunate to have a pair of shoes with American size and I was able to get the perfect for me.Great with jeans for everyday work.
B0058XGI5A Love the style The look of the shoe is HOT! Like most new shoes, they felt tight the first time I put them on, but after wearing them a few times, they fit like a glove and still look great.
B0058XGLKC Top Quality Shoe and Very Comfortable I am a very picky person when it comes to buying shoes. Since I have a slightly wider feet than the norm Puma shoes fit perfect.I am a big U.T. Longhorn and I have received several compliments from other people!
B0058XGLKC "Most comfortable shoe out of the box I've ever had" I got these shoes for my husband - not for running but for work.  The shoes came in a nifty reusable red bag (I don't know if the color changes to match the color of the shoe but the shoes are black and red).  The bag has minimal cardboard supports that can be removed so that the bag can then be reused.The first thing he said when he saw the packaging was:"Seeing the red bag the shoes came in I thought the shoes probably weren't going to be much good to have to have a gimmick to sell them.  Boy, was I wrong.The shoes did not require ANY break-in time as is normal with any others I have had. They are very light (it almost feels like not wearing shoes) and fit very well.  They are supportive and cushiony. I walk and stand on concrete all the time during my job and my feet feel great at the end of my shift. And it was surprising how many people come up to me and tell me they like my shoes.I wear a size 11 wide and these fit perfectly to size.  If these are not the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, they are very close to it.  I will definitely buy this type of Puma shoe the next time I need athletic shoes."
B0058XGLKC Used for Crossfit I was a little worried that these shoes might not be wide enough or long since it was my first time buying shoes online and never purchased a Puma product but fear not it was a great fit. I always had trouble with staying on my heels while lifting but I did have worn down shoes. After these came in, I took them to Crossfit and they felt great in the run portion and noticed a considerable difference in lifting. I no longer was falling forward with the weight and that alone makes this purchase worth for me. On the wear of these shoes I have no comment, since I just purchased them. As of right now I would purchased them again in the future.
B0058XGLKC Comfortable and stable Puma 7.5's are about the equivalent of Nike and Merrell 7.0, so you may wish to increase your typical size by 1/2. These cross-training shoes are comfortable, with nice ankle cushioning and a slightly wide base for good stability. They're well aerated so are best for summer use in dry conditions. The distance from sole to tongue is slightly less than I've found from comparable shoes of other manufacturers so it fits tightly on the foot in that dimension. I found it best to use thin socks with these rather form-fitting shoes as a result. The laces hold a tie well and don't loosen over the course of the day. I tend to prefer shoes that I can wear to work without having to change, so the black/red pattern is less than ideal. However, for running in traffic, the visibility is high with the bright red portions of the shoe, so you may find that point an attraction. Overall, I find these shoes comfortable and appropriate for their intended purpose.
B0058XGLKC GREAT FOR FLAT FEET. Minimal low arch support. Got these for my son age 14 shoe size 12. Fit true to size. I was afraid they would have high arches like most, but was plesantly surprised that they have a very low (almost no) arch. For us this is great since my son has very flat thick feet. These fit true to his size 12 and with a little adjusting in the laces it accomodated his thick feet. They were very comfortable. Loved the excellent cushion soles. Felt like he was wearing nothing when walking the dog. Only noiticed a difference after taking them off. His feet were more comfortable in the shoes than out. Great shoes for flat feet, but if you need lots of arch support these do not have it.
B0058XGLKC Amazingly comfortable It's not often that I leave a review for anything. But these shoes are so comfortable, lightweight, and stable, I decided I had to. They create an extremely stable platform for both your heal and the pad of your foot. I own multiple expensive Nike running shoes and none of them hold a candle to these. I tried to find a local retailer that carried them, but almost no one carries Puma shoes in my area. I took a leap of faith and ordered them online without trying them on, and I'm glad I did!New favorite pair of gym shoes.
B0058XGLKC Very light I like this shoes, are very light and comfortable. I run every day, and since I use these shoes I didn't feel a muscle pain (Tibialis anterior), dissapeared. I recommend this product without any doubt.
B0058XGLKC pumagility Most comfortable shoes I have had in a long time.  They are great!I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for something stylish and comfortable.
B0058XGLKC Fits perfect and light as can be! I received a pair of these shoes to review and I had a choice of sizes. I wear a 13 so I got a 13, I'm not sure why other reviewers are knocking these shoes when they didn't order the size they wear, and if they didn't have the size they wore and they still ordered them it's a mistake on the users part and not a fault of the shoe itself. Order a size you wear and you'll love these!Now I never have owned a pair of puma shoes so when I got these I wasn't sure what to expect. They come packaged in the coolest red bag, they call it "a clever little bag" and I gave it to my wife and shes using it for misc stuff. It's a neat packaging concept and goes away from just a standard cardboard box, +1 for creativity.The shoes themselves are extremely light weight. I don't "run" professionally but I do have a treadmill and I do go for walks with my wife. I also mountain bike occasionally and these shoes are a perfect fit for all of those activities. They have great traction, they don't weigh you down and they provide enough support and protection without going overboard.In the end these shoes I can't complain. If you like how they look in the picture you'll love them. They are really nice shoes and Amazon has a great return policy where if there is anything wrong you can return them free, why wouldn't you try them out?
B0058XGLKC Bounce around town in style This review is coming from someone who just enjoys wearing sneakers, not anyone who's an expert on running shoes, exercise gear, etc.  So keep that in mind.  Anyway, these Puma Men's "Pumagility" (love that word) cross-training shoes encompass the best of both worlds. On the one hand, they're extremely light and comfortable (nothing heavy or clompy at all about them); on the other hand, they provide lots of traction and support during quick walks, fast pivots, etc.  In other words, they're down there doing their job without you constantly knowing they're down there doing their job.Also, they're attractively stylish.  There have been lots of times when I've gone out with clean new sneakers, but this was the first time I received multiple comments from strangers (on the street, in the supermarket, etc.) about how cool and sharp looking my shoes were!  Everyone loved the design and the striking black and red thing the shoes have going (well, the shoes sent to me were black and red).Finally, they seem to be very durable. I've had these sneakers a few weeks now, wear them all the time, and they still look good and aren't showing any signs of wear and tear.Negatives?  None, really.  Due to their lightness, they're maybe not the warmest footwear when it's very cold outside, but that's a quibble.  If I wear them in all but the coldest weather, things are fine.So, yeah, great product.  Don't hesitate to buy these sneakers if they're at all catching your interest.
B0058XGLKC Light as a feather I ordered these shoes for myself, I wear a size 8 or 8.5 in women's and the men's 7.5 fit perfectly. I recently had foot surgery and needed a pair of shoes to wear after the boot came off.  I needed shoes with flexibility, cushion and ankle support.  These shoes fit the bill.  They are magically lightweight and flexible, the ankle support is awesome - the only complaint I have is that the left shoe feels higher on my ankle - - I don't know if that is a shoe defect or my personal defect :-)If you are like me and normally don't like Puma shoes because they have a really high arch on the inside; then try these since they don't have that really high oddly placed arch.I love the color, they look great and I wore them to work after surgery and they didn't look too goofy.  I give the shoes a B+ (I'm subtracting points for the slightly higher (more padded?) ankle support on the left shoe)
B0058XGLKC Never bought shoes online before This is my first time buying shoes online and buying Puma's in general so I was unsure what to expect. My old Sketchers provided little to no support for my feet, which I only realized by wearing these shoes for about a month then switching back to my old ones to paint. These are very breathable too! (This is a big plus because my feet are super smelly after a full day of shoes on)
B0058XGLKC These are the lightest sneakers I've ever owned... ...and the lightness makes a huge difference. I'm normally a Nike guy, but that's mainly just because I buy what I know. I'd never owned Puma before, but honestly, if these things hold up to the rigor of being my shoes without falling to pieces(I'm really hard on shoes), I'll gladly make the switch for good.So far, I've played basketball and done some running/jogging in them, and I can't believe how much of a difference a lighter shoe makes.I wouldn't advise playing a whole lot of hoops in the Pumagility (that's not what they're made for, anyhow), just because the lightweight design means less cushioning against the effects of frequent jumping and landing. It wasn't a big deal, but I did notice the slightest bit of extra soreness the next day (I'm always sore after playing hoops, though). When running, however, the support and cushioning was just fine, and I had no noticeable effects from switching shoes.The appearance of the shoes took some getting used to, since Puma obviously has a different approach to aesthetics than Nike, but they look fine, and that's not really a huge deal for me anyway.The only factor left for me to consider is durability. Having only had them a month, I obviously can't speak to that. Generally, a pair of Nikes holds up for about a year before showing noticeable wear-and-tear. If these can last that long, I'll be sold.A note about sizing: I normally take a U.S. size 13, and I prefer 13-wide when I can get it. My Pumagilitys are size 14 D (D refers to the width, but I'm not sure where on the width-spectrum it falls) and they fit great, so my tentative advice to potential buyers is to consider buying large if you oscillate between sizes like I do (13-14).In brief, they're very comfortable shoes, the lightness makes a big difference in performance, and I'm very happy with them.
B0058XGLKC Awesome, Comfortable Shoes I'm not an expert in running shoes or sneakers/trainers, but I'm pretty active and love going for bike rides/walks/light hikes/jogs. The first thing I noticed about these shoes after putting them on is how light they are. They fit very snugly and provide some decent support, while simultaneously being comfortable and easy to wear. They breathe very well, and don't feel heavy on your foot. As I lift my heel off of the ground, I'm really surprised at how comfortably they stick to my foot. I don't think I've had a pair of shoes that fit so well.These shoes also seem to be fairly durable, although I haven't had them for a long-term assessment yet. I've worn them a lot over the past few weeks and the shoes show no sign of wear yet - other than some caked on mud from a spring hike last weekend!The design on this pair of shoes is not subtle, but it's pretty cool if you don't mind a little flash. My pair is black with red on the heel, and everyone who has seen them seem to think they're cool.I don't really have anything negative to say about these shoes - I will update this review if I find something out!
B0058XGLKC The PERFECT pair of shoes for my relay!!! While I do enjoy a good 3-4 mile run, I got these Pumagility shoes because I participate in the Relay for Life each May, which is one hot month to be walking for hours on end.I wear a size 14 wide, so I was expecting this shoe to be a little tight but it fit perfectly - there was no pinching on my heel or on my toes, and no chafing after a run. The wide sole added stability to my stride, which was another big plus.For me, the best part of this shoe is the mesh that covers the forefoot. Why? Because this is the first time in 9 years of relaying that I had NO blisters on my feet by the end of the event - I walked for 10 hours, roughly 30 miles total.The mesh allowed my feet to "breathe" (for lack of a better word) by letting out the heat which usually causes blisters after such a long stretch of walking.I would highly recommend these Pumagility shoes to runners and relayers alike.
B0058XGUJ4 Great pair of shoes Looks just like they do on the website.  Fits perfect and looks good on my feet.  I'd recommend these shoes.
B0058XGUJ4 Great Shoes. I purchased these shoes for my boyfriend to wear at work. He walks around all day, moves furniture, and carries things around. At the end of the day he said he feet felt great and that the shoes were very comfortable. They look really nice as well. I've always liked Puma shoes for their colors/designs and quality and these did not disappoint!
B0058XGWOC Nice Shoes Beautiful shoes!! My sister love it!! It was a wonderful gift on this holidays days!! My sister told me that it is very comfortable.
B0058XGZ94 Good product but not super comfortable I really like the way these shoe look, but they're not the most comfortable shoes I've ever had. I have plantar fascitis and even with insoles, my feet hurt somewhat. They fit true to size & would probably be fine for people without any foot problems.
B0058XH4L2 cute shoes, mostly comfortable I bought these because I'm pregnant, my feet hurt and I got tired of wearing tennis shoes everywhere.  They fit as expected, I was able to put some half insoles in them and it didn't make them too much tighter.  They bother me a little on top of the foot, towards the big toe area, but it seems to lessen as they conform to my feet.  They are pretty comfy, but I haven't walked far distances in them, or been on my feet a whole lot.  I have a good feeling about them, though.  I really like the style.
B0058XH4L2 Stretchy and Comfortable I have problem feet and these shoes are perfect for me.  They can be worn casual or dressy.If you have bunions these will work out for you.  True to size.
B0058XH4L2 Great once you break them in. I get complements on these shoes every time I wear them. They are very comfortable and sturdy. The only problem is that I had to use a shoe stretcher to make the heels stop giving my foot blisters. Once I forced them to break in, they became my favorite, most comfortable and cute pair of shoes.
B0058XH4L2 Perfect shoes in my book Most comfortable shoes I found I wear them all the time, so glad you carry the Pumas, I own couple pairs, will surely buymore in the future
B0058XH4L2 Comfy I've been on the hunt for comfy business casual work shoes. I've tried everything from $300 AGL shoes, Cole Haan/Nike, to Target shoes. I have another style of Puma slip-ons that are wonderful, but these are keepers too. I'm usually an 8.5, but sometimes wear a 9, so I went with a 9 in these. They're *slightly* too big, but are perfect with trouser socks. There's a little rub on the back of my heels that went away with a few wears. Cushy insole, but I do have to wear my orthotics with these. No arch support.
B0058XH4L2 I love these shoes! These are real nice shoes. Easy shoes when you just want to put on shoes fast and go. Very comfortable to wear when walking around.
B0058XH4L2 bought multiple pairs Great office shoes! I walk a lot throughout the office and it is very comfortable throughout the day.  My feet do swell a little bit throughout the day and so I bought 9.0 even though I'm 8.5. Also my feet sweat a lot so I often washed these shoes. They didn't shrink upon washing.  I've gotten lots of compliments on these shoes already.
B0058XH4L2 Favorite go-to slip ons These particular pair ran a little small not too sure why, as Puma's are pretty true to size. But they fit and over time they'll break in a little. I like the color , comfort, and light weight of these shoes. They're perfect for adding a little color to a dull outfit before heading out for errands.I really love them, I own three pairs. The price is very competative too, as these shoes are usually about $80-90. I recommend purchasing them.
B0058XH4L2 Puma Shoes I love Puma shoes and wish they would make the Sneakerina again - especially the black/silver ones. they fit perfectly
B0058XH4L2 Puma Zandy Mesh Ballet Slipper I love my new puma ballerina style shoes.  I received them very quickly.  The shoes look great and high quality.  They are great for jeans, yoga clothes and even a casual dress.  They are going to be worn a lot.  They're my new favorites.
B0058XH4L2 Shoes for Life I have purchased this style in five different colors. Comfortable from day one.  They are excellent for walking long distances but have a much more stylish appearance then sports shoes (which I dislike).Easy to pack for traveling, looks good casual and more dressy slacks.  A winner all around. .
B0058XH4L2 Better than Barefoot These are the most comfortable tennis shoes/ballet slippers EVER!!  I've had, and loved, Puma ballet tennis shoes before, but these are a great improvement on my previous pairs.  I have a slightly wide foot, but I fit my regular size in this style--and they were brilliant right out of the box.  When it comes to these ballet slipper tennis shoes from Puma, it can be really hit-or-miss, but these are a definite hit!
B0058XH4SA Fits perfect. I have been in the footwear industry for years, and for my foot, these are the best fitting shoes I have ever worn. I purchased three more pairs just in case they ever stop making the shoes.
B0058XH4SA Are you kidding me? I love these shoes!  This is my second pair.  I didn't expect them to be that great when I bought them, but as it turns out, these shoes are fantastic.  My plan was to use them in short runs, or just to wear around, but they are so light, so comfy, that I have worn them a lot.  I have run half marathons with these shoes.  Not for runners that really need support, nor for heavy runners.  I am neither.  I like the minimalist feel of these.  The midsole is like no other shoes that I've had.  Like pillows for my feet.
B0058XH5D4 These shoes saved my feet! I specifically bought these shoes to wear in Disneyland. In the past I've had some bad experiences walking around all day and finding my feet bruised and blistered. I spent 4 days straight running around Disneyland in the Puma Voltaic 3's and my feet felt great. They are the most comfortable shoes I own, and I highly recommend them.
B0058XH5D4 Above expectations i love this product .. i dont usually buy shoes online because they never fit but these fit perfectly. At first they felt tight but they mold to your feet after couple times you wear them. I highly recommend them.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! These are the best shoes, they fit like I thought that they would. I wear these to work everyday and they keep my feet nice and comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 not to my standards I ware a size 10 med.  I always get an 11 in running shoes because of the socks I ware with them.  So when I ordered these I assumed they would fit.  Not so, they were too narrow and my toes hit the end of the shoes.  Also, I don't like shoes I can lace up and tighten, these are slip-on with laces.  Even for the price they are not worth it.  I really need to go to an athletic store and by the correct shoes, no more on-line buying for me.
B0058XH5D4 great shoes The shoes were everything I expected..and received before the stated time.I have worn them and they were very comfortable
B0058XH5D4 Very Comfortable and Correct Size These shoes are great.  They are very comfortable and of good quality.  I bought these shoes while on sale; in past when I bought Puma's on sale they were on sale because they were sized wrong - no so with these shoes!  I ordered the size I normally wear and they fit perfectly.  I highly recommend this product.
B0058XH5D4 Puma Sneakers my wife loves these sneakers,My wife like the way the shoes fitthey are comfortable and they look great. I would recommed purchasing these shoes.
B0058XH5D4 AMAZING! I waited about 6 business days for these and I was so excited for them. The shoes I was using previously were about 8 dollars from payless so it was about time I got some new ones. I saw many great reviews for these and I absolutely loved the way they looked. When I received them, they came in a shoe box put into a larger box. I must say my initial reaction was BEAUTIFUL shoes!!! They look even better than in the pics. I can actually say they look stunning haha. They also come with a really cute dust bag to keep them safe that match and is made of recyclables as if they are representing "go green." They have an attached tongue but if you get your correct size they will fit perfect. Not difficult putting them on or taking them off. I have worn them the past 3 consecutive days going to the gym for 1-2 hours each day and I swear my feet feel amazing. Usually they are sore no matter what shoes I wear. Another plus is lots of compliments ;] LOVE!!
B0058XH5D4 Love these I get tons of complements or where did you get those shoes.  They are function and fashionable, although if you have flat feet I do not recommend these, I have high arches and like how it is snug on arch of foot.
B0058XH5D4 Fantastic, Great quality, on time! This was my first time ordering anything from Amazon.com so i was a bit skeptical, but I am happy to report that my first experience was a good one! The shoes came on the exact day as promised (i opted for the 2 day shipping for an extra $6), and they were nicely wrapped in a discreet box. The shoes themselves even came in a cute Puma bag which I now use to carry my shoes to and from the gym. The shoes are excellent quality and look exactly as pictured on the site. They are very well made and the pink/ purple coloring is vibrant and made from authentic leather and suede (purple = leather, pink= suede) I have received numerous compliments on them.**Word to wise- DO read comments and reviews on all products before purchasing anything on amazon.com. Different products come from different senders so it is well worth your time and effort to make sure you are receiving a product from a reputable source. As for these shoes, I couldn't be happier and would deal with this sender anytime and plan to again in the future. Enjoy your pink Puma's ladies ! :)
B0058XH5D4 Not My Favorite Shoes! What I like are the colors and style.  I don't like the difficulty in putting them on.  The tongue is attached to the sides and it is hard to put them on.  The heel section seems to cave in the back in my struggle and I wonder how long it will be before they break down!  Once the shoes are on and laced up, they are comfortable.  It seems to have a design flaw.
B0058XH5D4 heavy and cause blisters on my heels These shoes fit OK, but are not comfortable on my feet. These shoes seem heavy to me and a bit stiff which has caused these shoes to cause blisters on the backs of my heels if I wear them all day. They are not very comfortable to work out in.
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes These shoes are awesome. The fit was so perfect and the support amazing. I highly recommend these shoes if your work requires constant walking and standing. Super supportive.
B0058XH5D4 Well worth it The colors are awesome and the shoes are super comfy!!!! I would recommend to anyone who moves around a lot at work.
B0058XH5D4 I love all puma voltaic shoes, comfy with no seperate tongue, like a glove that hugs your foot I have 5 pairs of puma voltaic shoes, I wear them to work out and other pairs to work since I am on my feet. They have a nice no separate tongue idea that fits like a glove on your foot. Very comfy.
B0058XH5D4 Sharp shoes Really sporty and sharp looking. They're a little tight putting them on since there's no stretch at the top but cushy once they're on.  Overall nice shoes.  I've had several compliments on them.
B0058XH5D4 Great workout shoe I bought these shoes to walk/run in at the park.  I exclusively wear puma shoes and these shoes have not let me down.  I can easily do 5miles and I do not get shin splints, my feet and legs do not wear out.  I love that the tongue is connected, so there is not a need to rearrange it from time to time.  I actually feel like I'm walking on air.  Jogging is easier also.  I recommend pumas, and this Voltaic 3 is great!
B0058XH5D4 Most comfortable shoes ever My husband and I started buying Puma shoes a few years ago and have never went back. These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn, and I get a lot of compliments on them.  I don't use them for running, so I'm not sure on their performance, but they work for my day to day shoe.
B0058XH5D4 Looks cool, but it's hard to put on There is no tongue in this shoe, so you can't open it up to put your foot inside.  It is difficult to put the shoes on and take them off.They are also not very flexible soles.  I do not recommend them for dance fitness.However, they look really cool, so if you just want shoes to wear out and about, they would be ok.  I really like the bright colors.
B0058XH5D4 Puma Love these shoes! I am so glad that I bought these! They are very comfortable. I work in an elementary school and I go up and down three floors all day. These shoes have been excellent for my job'
B0058XH5D4 For my Pregnant wife...a Godsend My wife bought these last week and said that they were the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn, bar none.  This came as a surprise to me since my wife has more shoes than a beach has sand.  For someone that is hardly ever satisfied fully, I am very happy with this purchase.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe, but size not right I bought these shoes for my wife because she was in dire need of a good pair of shoes.  When we got these shoes in and she tried them on, they didn't fit her foot like the ones in the store.  Granted, those shoe were a different color scheme, but the same shoes and the same size, but these didn't seem to have the same width to them.  Anyways, ended up returning them for a refund.  Just be cautious when ordering these as they may not fit your foot normally.
B0058XH5D4 Fav Shoes Love these shoes, have them in as many colors as my husband will allow! Make sure you buy a .5 size smaller as they do stretch
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoes I love the shoes! They came very quickly. Color is vibrant add shown in the picture. My only down fall is they are hard to Gerry on! Really tight. Don't give up though because once on they are great! Very comfortable!! I would liked to get another color.
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable These shoes are very comfortable and love the colors together!  I would recommend these shoes to anyone.  The only thing is they are a little wide.
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoe They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. I stand on concrete for at least 8 hours a day and these shoes provide enough support to keep my feet from hurting.
B0058XH5D4 ?? got the shoes, and returned it.  Didn't fit well, tight on the sides of the shoes. I still like Puma shoes, but not this one
B0058XH5D4 awesome shoes I love these shoes! They are so comfy. I'm 7 mos. pregnant and there aren't many shoes I can comfortably wear all day, but these do the job!
B0058XH5D4 A bit disappointed The shoes looked so bulky and bit too heavy for my liking. It was really difficult to get into the shoes even though I had ordered one size up.
B0058XH5D4 Love the way these shoes set off an outfit! I loved these shoes, they are so bright and very airy when using them for many hours. Shipping was very fast and easy.  Only negative...the shoes take a few times to break in as they can fit a bit snug the first time! I ordered these in two colors!  : )
B0058XH5D4 Disappointed I thought for the price and appearance these would be great shoes for the gym.  They're the worst shoes I've ever tried to put on my feet.  The tongue is sewn in.  I have high arches, so trying to put them on was awful because they don't give at all.  I bought 2 pair and they're both going back.
B0058XH5D4 So pretty! These shoes were such a great color, but they were way too small. There was no give in them at all.
B0058XH5D4 Perfect Fit and Color I have been looking for a new pair of tennis shoes for a while and found these on Amazon for a great price.  I was scared they would fit too big because I can wear a 9 in some shoes and sometimes 9.5 is too big.  These fit perfectly and the color is exactly as pictured.  I get compliments on them everytime I wear them.
B0058XH5D4 luv them these shoes are so pretty and comfortable.  it's like walking on clouds.  i wear an 8.5 or 9, i got the 9's and they fit perfectly!
B0058XH5D4 upset. Although these shoes are very comfortable and have a nice style, I have only had them for five months and the cloth material is already starting to rip away from the front of the shoe. I would understand if I run constantly in them however that is not the case. I am a little disappointed in this product given Puma is my favorite brand of shoes!
B0058XH5D4 HOT! These shoes are AMAZING!! The quality is so perfect if you know Puma you will know they have great comfortable shoes. I have worn them twice and have received so many compliments each time. They are so pretty LOVE THEM!!
B0058XH5D4 My Favorite Shoes These are my favorite shoes! I own them in 2 different colors, and I would buy all the others.  They are very comfortable and supportive.  I wear them to work where I am on my feet at least 8 hours a day. They never hurt my feet! I would recommend them to anyone! Love them!!!
B0058XH5D4 Fits like a glove! I always expect that online purchases of shoes can be a gamble because you never get to try them on until you receive them, but these shoes not only fit perfectly, they are one of my most comfortable pair of shoes. Love them! Fantastic price. Happy shopper right hear!
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable and fun! I am a Personal Trainer and Fitness Instructor. I purchased these shoes because I thought the color was fun. They are bright, but makes my workouts a little brighter when I wear them. They are very comfortable. The first day I wore them, I had them on for 12 solid hours and never thought twice about them. It was like they were my old comfy shoes that I had worn for years. I really was impressed!
B0058XH5PM Very comfortable Size is right on.I wear a 10.5 in other shoes and the 10.5 fits perfect.Feels more like a glove for your feet ,rather then shoes.
B0058XH5PM WOW I love these shoes! Pumas are so comfortable and these are no exception. They look better Than the  pictures. Amazing shoes for a good price
B0058XH5PM Great shoes I bought these as a gift for my husband who loves slip on shoes that look like soccer shoes since he's obsessed with soccer. He is currently in school getting his MBA so he wanted something he could still walk comfortably all over campus in but will still look nice with a pair of slacks and tie. These fit the bill. My husband typically wears a 10 and we ordered a 10.5 which fit perfectly so I would suggest going up half a size.
B0058XH5PM Nice, clean, fast shipping The tittle means all ! I received the shoes 2 days before it was suppose, the shoes comes with the box and the paper into the shoes, Like in store with seller. Fits perfectly Thanks!
B0058XH5PM not for me. These are probably great shoes for someone. The fit is fine, and the footbed is comfortable, but they're too flat for my taste. After 2 hours of wear, I had to change back into my old shoes. No impact absorption whatsoever.
B0058XH5PM PUMA's run small If you know this, you shouldn't have any issues.  They tend to be narrow.  I own several pairs (1/2 size larger than my other shoes) and they tend to be the most comfortable shoes I own (including my motorcycle boots).  I have worn a size 10 in almost every shoe I've had for the past 20+ years.  With Puma, I order a 10.5.  It's that simpleThese shoes fit great, though you do have to break them in for a few days.  After the first week of wearing them (yes, they were tight and slightly uncomfortable for long periods the first few days), they've broken in to be the soft, perfectly fitting and extremely comfortable shoes I expected.  Now that I've confirmed that with these shoes, I intend to order the black ones as well!
B0058XH5PM Most Uncomfortable Footwear On Earth I gave this the lowest rating I could because as we speak these shoes are on my feet and it feels like I stepped in a bear trap.  There  is no cushioning so the stitching inside is grinding against my feet, the soles are paper thin, the insides are cheap as tissue paper but I'll admit that they look good so the one star is for that I suppose.  Man do these shoes hurt! If you are impressed by the way the outer design looks and want to buy these be prepared to be in a lot of pain when you walk,  I'll never buy from Puma again, the absolute worst, I wouldn't even donate these shoes to the homeless because those people have already suffered enough.
B0058XH5PM Very light weight, comfortable shoe I was very pleased with, and really surprised at how comfortable and light weight these shoes felt. I have always loved Pumas but, haven't had any for few years. Now, with disability making it difficult to bend & tie shoes, I really like an am very pleased with these sneakers!!!
B0058XH5PM Amazing Well these shoes are really comfortable, and the shape and design looks great. I really enjoy it and in a future I will get another ones.
B0058XH5PM Way too tight These shoes have a very stylish look but unfortunately they are extremely too tight. I cut the strip that's holding the top but still tight. I wore them once and never again. These shoes are going straight to the garbage. very disappointing. I will never buy Puma or recommend it to someone.
B0058XH5PM Perfect Shoes quick shipment! I love the product...my dad hates dress shoes so I bought these for him to wear to my wedding. They look just like dress shoes and I know how much my dad loves the puma brand so they are perfect. I recommend puma to everyone!
B0058XH5PM Puma Shoes one star for fast shipping (ordered on the tenth, received on the fifteenth).one star for "condition like the description" - new.one star for fitting - it just fit onto my feet perfectly (this one you need to know your shoes size ... LOL ...).one star for hot hurting my ankles - though the leather is rigid, it does not hurt my ankles when I walk. I hope the leather will get softer and more flexible after couple months of use (as long as the shoes last that long - under $50 shoes, I know what to expect).I would not recommend these shoes to those who like soft shoes. These shoes are rigid, super rigid.
B0058XH854 Nice shoes. These shoes are pretty nice. They got dingy and did not clean up well. These shoes fit just a little bit large (maybe a half size, not quite). The bottom of these shoes are slick if you don't wear thick-cotton socks.
B0058XHCDM Comfortable, little big I love how comfortable these shoes are.  However, they fit a little large and dirty very easily (what you would expect from white shoes).  Also, the suede portion is a little more of an off-white then true white.
B0058XHCDM Sleek but sophisticated FIts perfectly on my feet, very comfortable and breathable.  I've gotten several compliments on the shoes and they make your feet look small rather than bulky.
B0058XHCDM Love these shoes!! These shoes are awesome.  The fit is perfect and have great support.  I highly recommend them.  They have become my new favorite shoes!
B0058XHD86 puma I normally wear a 9 in all shoes. This is a 9.5 and it is a perfect fit. I was really concerned that it would be too big but it was a perfect buy. I will buy the same ones but in different colors.
B0058XHDX6 Great looking shoes, but low quality I loved these shoes, but they broke down within 6 months of getting them (although I did wear them every day). The fabric on the inside tore and fell apart. However, if you are less of a slob than me and own more than one pair of shoes, these might last you awhile. They look slick, and I would buy them again if they were a little better quality.
B0058XHEBM comfortable! this was worth the risk of buying shoes online,i like how light they are and the fit was perfect.great shoe.
B0058XHEBM Awesome These shoes are so comfortable. Everyone compliments them and they stay clean for a long time even though they have a lot of white on them
B0058XHEBM Look good but the most uncomfortable shoes I've ever worn. These shoes are terrible. I followed the other reviews and decided to order 1/2 size larger than normal. I have a somewhat narrow foot and these things make my foot feel huge. I thought they would get worn in and be comfortable but after 1 1/2 months of wearing them every day I am officially giving up. Also, I am fairly easy on shoes and the soles have begun to detach. I know they are cheap shoes but they are very low quality. I would not recommend these to anyone.
B0058XHEBM Not the best pair of pumas I love Puma sneakers and frequently buy them in various styles.  I know my size and order the shoes online.  I like to switch up the specific 'models' of Pumas to avoid always having the same shoes, but I usually tend go for the white sneakers with a black stripe in alternate styles or shapes.The Romas were some of my least favorite.  They are more comfortable than most pumas and have a softer insole.  They run true to size which is larger than what Pumas run because usually they fit small.My beef with this shoe is the fact that I need my white shoes to stay clean. I take good care of the shoes and usually some warm water does the color well.  That said, this particular style is made of a different material than the usual synthetic leather.  The texture almost has a semi-suede feel to it and they just would NOT stay clean.  The material looked faded and off-white after just a few days, I was never able to get back that pearly white shine.Comfort, as mentioned above is good.  Size is little larger than usual.  But the fact that these shoes would not stay white made me decide that I don't wish to purchase these again --  there are plenty of other styles I will continue to explore.  My usual winners are the Puma G. Vila and the Drift Cat.  The Drift Cat are my favorite but may be too sleek and somewhat slim for some.  The G. Vila are the best casual everyday sneaker although they lack the fashionable look of the Drift Cat.  I just ordered the Redon slip-ons and am very excited.  They look like they have the fashionable appeal of the drift cat but are a slip on with a more unique color pattern.Hope my review helps those that like their white pumas crisp and clean.  Those people should stay away from the Roma.In all, Puma sneakers offer a casual comfortable shoe that is athletic in its general feel but can be pulled off with most outfits and look fashionable.Sign up for e-mails from the Amazon Watch, shoe and clothing department and you will receive 20% off your purchase...you're welcome!
B0058XHEBM Great shoes! These shoes fit great and the feel good when  walking or standing. They are very comfortable from the first time you put them on.
B0058XHEBM New Shoes Finally Best shoes ever, I like the style and it fits perfectly with socks on. I always like the normal style puma shoes.
B0058XHEBM Perfect I really don't like to buy shoes or sneakers on the internet, but now I see I can buy shoes.
B0058XHEBM Incredible shoes Look awesome! Feels great! I've been wanting this shoes for a while.  They arrived when the email said.  And looks just like the picture.
B0058XHEBM awesome shoes! The shoes are so light & comfortable it's like you are not even wearing any! I am on my feet a lot!
B0058XHEBM I LOVE these shoes! I always wanted these shoes but as a kid I was never able to afford them. Now that I have good fortune of being able to buy them, I did and I am very happy. Delivery was superfast and the condition of the shoes was excellent.
B0058XHEBM UTB terribly artificial leather shoes UTB terribly artificial leather shoes, one size smaller, odor and sweat is guaranteed, do not buy! shame! it will be impossible to wear shoes for those who do not respect Ceiba, even give free shame, never buy Puma!
B0058XHEBM good shoe Puma is my favorite shoes, low heals, very comfortable, makes my knee feel better, I have a bumb knee so these shoes work very well for me. I'm on my feet most of the day.
B0058XHEBM great shoes Love the shoes.  Read the previous reviews. So I ordered my pair 1/2 size larger.  Fit is good.  The shoes do run a bit narrow but the leather is stretching as I wear them.  Great for working out.  Shoes fit like a pair of gloves. Satisfied customer.
B0058XHEBM snug kinda snug but just need to wear a few times to break them in. I still really like the shoes.
B0058XHEBM Nice shoes. These shoes have a great design, very light, and pretty comfortable. These shoes are perfect for those sunny and dry days, but definitely not for those rainy days, because it is pretty slippery on wet surfaces.
B0058XHEBM they are ok The shoes are not really for people with wide feet. They are ok but dont fit like my puma golf shoes do.
B0058XHEBM first time i try Amazon I really like that i come home and my new shoes where there waiting for me. It is really a great way to shop and i had no problem with my order.
B0058XHEBM Awesome It's hard to find size 14 shoes for men that is comfortable yet stylish. Never disappointed with the puma products. He loved it :)
B0058XHGRE satisfied like that brand and quality of shoes.especially I'm really satisfied with the price of that shoes.but the only problem is width is quite wider than I expected.so please check it.
B0058XHN6I Puma Diva This is my third pair of Puma shoes and I love them!  As a teacher that is on her feet all day, they are comfortable and attractive, too.  A basic tennis shoe in nature, the shoes are stylish and appealing.
B0058XHQMO So light and comfortable! Got these in red and I have to say they might be the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.Let's put a couple of things out there....1. You aren't going to perform any kind of physical/athletic activity in these shoes. They're walking around shoes, that's it. There's no arch support (I insert some simple cushioned arch support) and no real contouring of the footbed or heel cup so support your foot. Once again, they're walking around shoes, that's it!2. Some people (me included) couldn't give a crap about how light a pair of shoes are...until you put on a pair as light as these and you realise how the weight, or lack thereof impacts comfort and fatigue when wearing over a long period of time.3. Traction - There isn't any on a smooth floor. If you're on concrete you're fine. But on a smooth floor such as you would find at a grocery store or almost any retailer, you're gonna get some slippage when walking. There is also a faint sound as you walk from the tread as you walk. Not a deal breaker for me, just trying to be thorough.I work in retail and these shoes are ridiculously comfortable! I've tried Nike Free (not enough cushioning), Jordans (too heavy or overly firm outsole and many other types of shoes to be comfortable in for 8 hours on my feet walking miles and miles...the Pumas beat everything! Try them out, you won't regret it!
B0058XHQN8 Was not comfortable For the price this shoe was disappointing. Was not real comfortable so I returned it. I think in the future I will buy shoes I can try on before buying.
B0058XHQN8 Awesome Shoes Very happy with these shoes.  I was looking for some new shoes to do Zumba in and these are great!  Received in a timely manner and am very happy with the product.  Would highly recommend doing business with them.
B0058XHQN8 Not a good choice for those with wide feet My foot is a little wide; most times I am able to wear the B width in sneakers but this one didn't work.  I returned the shoes.  I also should have noticed that there is no indentation for the arch in the sole of the sneaker.  These are cross training shoes and this one not work well when using bands to do  toning exercises where you anchor the band on the sole of the shoe.  I'd seen these shoes rated as the top cross training shoe in a magazine so I suppose lots of folks find these very good.
B0058XHQN8 Good Shoes for Cardio I use these for a kickboxing cardio class at the gym, my feet are comfortable for the entire hour. I recommend these shoes. I like Puma shoes in general and know what my size is, they fit true to size.
B0058XIHF4 Great grip! But sizing is small, so get fitted correctly. I inherited a pair of these from my friend. she normally wears 8 1/2 in US women's size and got them on clearance somewhere, did not even try them on at the store (duh) so she could not take them back. I wear between 7 1/2 and 8 but these shoes fit me like a glove - a tight glove, at that. But they breathe so much better than my other sports shoes and have awesome traction, so I love to wear them hiking and when I am doing yardwork... the hill in my backyard is now fun to climb, instead of an obstacle.The only terrain I thought they would be great in (mistakenly) was mud. The spikes are useless without something to grip, and the mesh means your feet will get messy along with the shoes. So stick to grass, gravel, asphalt, mulch, concrete and indoor hard surfaces, you wil be fine.
B0058XINMG Really great shoes I love these shoes.  Fit perfectly and look expensive but weren't.  Very reasonable price for the quality.  May buy some in black also.
B0058XIVRS stylish I bought these shoes to walk to and from work (3-miles round trip) so far they are very comfy. I really like them
B0058XIVRS Bling Shoes My wife has Early Onset Alzheimer's and the color is her new best liked color. The shoes look good and fit well.
B0058XIVRS Very Cute. Not athletic wear but awesome comfort. I'll start by saying that these shoes are not exactly some heavy duty "running shoes". they are certainly not tennis shoes. they are just super comfortable sneakers that you can run in. esp on the treadmill or something( although i have never used them for that)I buy shoes that i can stand on my toes in because i am short and these are excellent for that :P they are super flexible and light.got a lot of compliments too as the colors are funkyonly thing-the white stitch on top does not look prominent in the pic but it is pretty prominent but here's the good thing about white stuff you dont want- it's gonna stop 'shining' after a little use anyway.overall, i found these to be durable enough. the velcro flap part i suppose is the most subjective to wear because of the kind of material it is.I have now had them for a month and i just love em. one of the coolest velcro flap comfy shoes.
B0058XIVRS They are comfortable shoes I had a pair of shoes like with different color, I felt very comfortable when walking outside with them. Unfortunately they were chewed by my dog. I looked around could not find anything similar in local store. I searched in Amazon and found several,however the price and size were not fit. I put them on my wish list, waited for almost a month. When I got the notice for price changing, I could wait. Glad I got a very good deal,even though I did not like the green color. They are comfortable inside,that is more important than the color outside.
B0058XIVRS Excellent shoes! These are so comfortable and I get nice comments about them.  I got plantar fasciitis and so far, with an inserted orthotic these shoes are the most comfortable I have.
B0058XJ9VK Ouch! These shoes are super cute but not comfortable! They rub the skin off my heel. I once had to stop and buy different shoes to wear because I was in so much pain. I have tried band aids, heel cushions and socks. Nothing works. I wish I could get my money back :(
B0058XJ9VK Thanks, beautiful shoes Thanks, beautiful shoes... but I need more this Puma in 6.5 and more colors, Could put back more units? thanks
B0058XJJ88 Soles too thin These shoes are comfortable, however the soles are just too thin.  They offer very little support and feel like you're walking on a thin piece of foam.  These would be okay for just casual walking around, but not for real exercising.  I walked on the treadmill in them and it almost felt like I didn't have shoes on.  Oh and they run small.  I ordered a 9 and had to return them for the 9 1/2.  Now, I just wish I had returned them - period.
B0058XJJ88 Cool and Comfortable This is the third pair of puma h-street shoes I have purchased. I have them in several other colors. They are so comfortable, almost like walking in bare feet and keep my feet nice and cool. I usually wear socks with them and they are still not too hot, like many other athletic type shoes. They seem to wear and wash well too.
B0058XJJ88 Great shoes It is hard to find plain white shoes now a days. These are exactly what I was looking for. They fit great are light and very comfortable.
B0058XJJ88 Great Shoes! These shoes are great! They are the lightest shoes i've ever worn and everywhere I go someone has something nice to say about them. They were a great buy and I would recomend them to anyone!
B0058XJJ88 Almost perfect summer shoes Love these shoes.  They are light weight, breezy, and colorful...Just perfect for Summer.  the only thing I don't like is how dirty they'll get; Hopefully they'll survive the washing machine.Also, these are listed as running shoes but to me they seem too thin to run in and be comfortable but I'm not a runner so I could be wrong.Love these shoes
B0058XJJ88 Absolutely love these shoes! These are the worlds MOST COMFORTABLE shoes. Lightweight, stylish, and beyond comfortable to run and walk in! I bought these today for $39 from Nordstrom's Rack! But I wouldn't feel upset if I paid $70 because they're worth it ...
B0058XJJ88 Amazing shoes! I love these shoes.  They look amazing are super comfortable and are the lightest shoes i've ever held.  I wear them running around with my two year old boy during the week and on casual fridays can stand in them for 9 hours without my legs hurting like all the other shoes i've tried.  Love them, would recommend them to anyone and will definitely buy them again.
B0058XJJ88 My favorite shoes This is my second pair of Puma H-Street. I love these shoes and wear them for all of my workouts: BodyCombat, Fitness Kickboxing, Zumba, etc. Very light and flexible. One note though, if you like to have a lot of padding/cushion in your sole, these are not for you. These shoes are as close to being barefoot as I was able to find without having to wear monkey-feet (Vibrams).
B0058XJJ88 LOVE these shoes! First found these at DSW and they no longer carry them so was thrilled to find them on Amazon.  Perfect for day to day walking shoes for those hard to fit feet as they do not rub and require no break in and breathe!  Very stylish too!
B0058XJS0C Puma Women's Sneakers The shoes are well-made, fashionable and fit well. I find Puma shoes to be consistently good. They arrived promptly, and I would recommend them.
B0058XJS0C Comfortable I highly recommend this shoe to all my friends, they are very comfortable and the price was right on time....the style of the shoes catches all the attention....I would like to order some more in different colors when they get them in..
B0058XJSEI generally good! This is my first time to buy shoes on amazon, it's really a pair of beautiful shoes. The color is bright and the weight is very light. The only drawback is that my heels are a little rubbed by the shoes since the back of the shoes is a liitle high. Anyway, it's a wonderful choice!
B0058XJSEI Best. Shoes. Ever I give these the full Five star rating because they are the most comfortable, flexible, lightweight athletic shoes I've ever owned. And on top of all the comfort, they are very nice to look at. I get a lot of compliments when I wear these. Puma is a great brand and I'll continue to buy them for my family and I.
B0058XKSCY it feels like floating on simple air I really love this shoes, it perfectly fits my feet, easy to wear and to take offexercising with it is very comfortableactually, it's the best training shoes I have ever boughtit holds your feet really will without slipping, and it feels like walking on air, this is my first Puma I usually by addidas or Reebok, so I'm not sure if all the Pumas feels like that.Bottom line, I love it to the max
B0058XKSCY Puma very good puma shoes beautiful, there were no problems in the deliveryI get the right size and color requestedrecommend the product, shoes are very comfortable and comfortable
B0058XLB5W Puma Ballet Flats These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. Really cute too.  I bought the black ones too.  The black ones are great for office or just casual.  Great shoes.
B0058XLB5W Great Puma womens Lily lace shoes The shoes were great for the price I got on sale. The shoes are thin but the soles is comfortable and decent.
B0058XLB5W Nice summer shoes I ordered the Rouge Red but the real colour was actually more like light pink. It's a pretty nice summer shoes and very light because the pink part is actually just a thin layer of plastic, whereas the front and back end (the grey part) are made of leather, which are not so obvious if you are just looking from the website. It certainly is different from what I thought but I think I am keeping it just because I think it'll make a good pair of summer shoes. The soles are thick but doesn't really absorb the sweat. I think I may need to buy some shoe soles just so they wouldn't turned out to be stinky and wet because I tend to sweat a lot. One thing I like is that at the back of the shoes there are actually a nice arch sticking out to prevent them from falling off. I think it's a nice design. The thread they use to put these shoes together are more like fishing lines made of plastic and after a day's walking they kind of rubbed my feet, especially on the edge of the back so I had to put some small bandages on my heels.Size-wise, I usually wear size 8 but thanks to their sizing chart which contains a cementer so I was able to get a better measurement and realized I need to order half a size larger.To be honest, I was debating with myself between these shoes and another pair of red Vans shoes but I ended up choosing these ones. I wonder if I would be better off choosing the other pairs but I am too lazy to return them even though Amazon has free returns.They are cute shoes that go with skirts and jeans though. I think I am a little pickier than most people I've met with shoes because I don't believe in break-in periods, but I guess I may need to adjust a little of my standard this time for the fishing line rubbing my heels this time!
B0058XLB5W Love these shoes I bought these shoes in ceramic green while I was in Rome.  My feet were killing me while I was roaming the city so I had to find a comfortable shoe.  They saved my feet.  They are so comfortable.  I wore out my shoes after wearing them everywhere for a year.  They are only shoes I travel with now.
B0058XLB5W Super comfy Pumas! I bought this item because I love Puma styling & hoped for the comfort that other reviewers described.  These shoes have a gel like inner sole that makes them much more comfortable than other ballet flats, & they are adorable!  I'm a big fan of shoes that I can wear to work but feel like I'm at home, & at a price lower than most Pumas, these are a great deal.
B0058ZYXFA Perfect Fit! Great shoes. Very durable and comfortable. I highly recommend PUMA. Used to only use for leisure, but now for sports also.
B0058ZYXFA Puma cross-training Shoes were a perfect fit, and the colors were just as I ordered.  The shoes shipped fast. I use these for weight training, and only in the gym.
B005901UOG Great Support and Comfort!!! I am no stranger to the Puma shoe, I was a fan a few years ago when Puma introduce the Puma shoe with the flat soles and the beautiful colors that they came in but this shoe offers more than just the beauty that the other. These Puma shoes offer great support for everyone even disabled people such as myself. The design is very practical  and the ankle and heel support that they offer is greatly appreciated. A few years ago I was in an accident that left me with a foot drop and nerve damage that has improved but, I couldn't wear shoes without my AFO (ankle-foot orthotic) brace most of the time. These shoes gave me the support where I didn't have to wear the brace and my balance was just fine.The colors stand out, but the neon green on the back of the shoes offer you a safety feature if you jog late in the evening or before dawn you won't be missed by other people or possible hazzards. The only "Con" that I have with these shoes will have to be that there is really not enough brand recognition so that people will know what type of shoes you are wearing. Many people admired the shoes but I was constantly being asked what type of shoes I was wearing. I just thing that the name or the puma itself could have been more prominently displayed and this will help advertise the shoes.Overall I would love to get another pair of these shoes in another color and I would recommend them to my family and friends.
B005901UOG Very cool and comfortable Great shoes for 14 year old medium sized girl (size 8.5). Breathable and comfortable not just for running, but also day to day walking. Unlike other athletic shoes with breathable material on the front and side, this one seems a lot sturdier. Puma is a German brand popular in Europe. I would still recommend buying separate insoles for about $20 - the ones provided with the shoe may not last that long - which is the case for sports shoes in general.
B005901UOG The shoes look and feel great, but Puma's labor policies need improvement I really like the way these shoes look and feel but wish the company treated workers overseas better because I don't want to support exploitation and non-living wages here or abroad. I understand corporate policies may not matter to many buyers, but all things being equal, I'd like to buy shoes that are American-made, and if they aren't I want to at least know the people who make them are being treated fairly. According to Wikipedia, Puma has not fully committed to a living wage overseas and offers many short-term contracts that provide little stability for workers and their communities. Greenpeace also has accused the company of working with suppliers who have polluted in China, but Puma has pledged improvements in this area.I hope the company continues these efforts because these shoes are very comfortable and I'd like to buy more. They give good support but are very light on the feet and offer some flex in the sole so you can spring off of your toes if you want to. I've used them for dancing and jogging indoors and find them as comfortable as or more comfortable than any other athletic shoes I've had. The soft gray is very attractive, and the shoe makes my foot appear `neater' and more compact that other athletic shoes do. I think these would also be good for just hanging out in yoga pants or blue jeans, and the black ones would be a great color to have. Five stars for appearance and function, less than three for the company's labor policies and environmental record, which are detailed at Wikipedia.
B005901UOG Excellent Shoes! I ordered these Puma Pumagility Cross-training shoes for a friend who had been complaining about her feet hurting after a workout. My initial observation of them was that they appeared to be well-constructed and fairly light weight. After my friend wore them to the gym a few times, she said that they were very comfortable, particularly in the area of the heel, which is where she had been having trouble. The shoes fit well, with plenty of toe room. She also said that the shoes were quite nicely balanced, giving a sense of stability which enhanced her workout routine. Over all, these shoes were a great help to her and have made her workouts more enjoyable and productive.
B005901UOG Very comfortable shoes! These shoes have excellent support and are very comfortable. They also are made of material which is very breathable which is important in hot climates like where I live. The only thing that I noticed was that the support for the arch could be better for those who have a high arch. Otherwise, they are durable, comfortable, fit great, and work really well if you are on your feet all day! Would recommend.
B005901UOG Very stylish and comfortable I have been a big fan of Puma and Adidas when it comes to running shoes.  These german makers know how to make sports shoes.  BTW, do you know that the founder of Puma and Adidas were brothers?When I got this shoes on my hand, I found that the actual look of this shoes was way better than the one on the picture.  Specifically, the bottom part of the shoes has one of the most stylish design from Puma or any other brands that I have ever seen.When I grabbed the shoes, I felt like the shoes was little stiff in terms of the cushion.  Boy was I wrong!  When I wore it and walked for a short distance, I was amazed by how comfortable the shoes was.  I just loved it so much.I have been wearing the shoes for almost 3 weeks now and have not had any complaint at all.  Excellent job, Puma!
B005902WHA Comfortable, fashionable, and overall awesome shoes These shoes are great! It is like a sigh of relief putting them on my feet - that's how comfortable they are. They seem to run true to size, and they're really well made. The color is a little less red/maroon and more purple than in the photo, which I like. These are great shoes!
B005904BRE Very Light This tennis shoes is very light on your feet. You barely feel them on your feet. Very good for zumba, walking and jogging. I love them and I will be buying more. If you have problem with your feet try them. You won't be disappointed.
B005908V0M best shoes ever! I usually wear nike shox, but these are way more comfortable. I work 12 hour shifts on my feet and these shoes make a huge difference. Also, they are very stylelish. Im always getting compliments.
B005908V0M Didn't look that good on... I was super excited when I ordered these. They look really cute. I loved the colors of these shoes, and I have always loved Puma shoes, becuase they've always fit me really well and of course, looked good. But when I received these and put them on, they were extremely bulky. I hated the way that they looked on me. I don't have a wide foot by any means, but these made me look like my foot was really wide. I just couldn't stand the way they made my feet look, so I had to return them.
B00591BYFK Great, comfortable shoes This pair of shoes arrived quickly and as expected.  They are very comfortable and look awesome.  I usually wear size 8.5 in other shoe brands, but I wear a 9 in Puma shoes.
B00591BYFK Lightweight and comfortable Bought these in a size 13 for daily wear.  Happy with the weight and fit.  I'm a longtime Puma customer and these are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.
B00591TO48 Great toddler shoes They are study and light. He trips in lots of other shoes, but these are great. Fits his chubby feet and they go on easy even when he is wiggling. Worth the money.
B00593Y7MA Puma shoes These were perfect just what I was expecting! Shoes looked just like the picture! Very satisfied I would definitely order again!
B00594CZLO One of my favorite shoes I really, really like these shoes. I have purchased two pairs. They are very cool looking and very unique. They hold up very well and I always wear them when traveling because they are very comfortable to do a lot of walking in. I am sure I will continue to buy them as long as they are on Amazon.
B00594DEB4 shoes The shoes are very pretty I love the colors and they are very comfortable it feels like your wearing a house shoe
B00594DGMQ awesome... Shoes arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  They smell so new.  The packaging was also really cool.  They came in a puma bag made with recycled materials and the shoes are really comfortable...not to mention pimp looking.Nice...
B00594EDNM Nice shoes It was a gift for my sister and she uses constantly these shoes and still looking new....very confortable shoes !!!
B00594FHRI Dress shoes you can actually wear These shoes are a fantastic compromise if you need to dress business-casual, or wear a suit, but cant stand the horrible bricks that people call "dress shoes".The styling is subtle and classy, and will pass with just about any outfit.  they are as comfortable as you would expect from any puma.  They are great for driving, and will save your feet if you are standing or walking around all day.if they feel a bit tight at first, give them a few days, once broken in they will fit like a glove.Ditch the clown shoes, get something practical and comfortable that works with any dress-code.
B00594KN9K Very nice!. Is a good shoes but I received a shoes a little large but is fine. I like the steel and the confort.
B00595HUJA Great Shoes!!! -- although they do run small. I went on a buying spree and I bought three shoes here on Amazon. These shoes turned out to be very comfortable right out the box. They also look very stylish which my wife and I like.They only caveat to these shoes are that they do run small -- which I find that problem in all three of my Puma shoes I own. Since I have experience with pumas, I knew to purchase an 11 even though my natural fit is a 10.Nevertheless, they do fit great and I highly recommend them. Don't hesitate to buy these shoes. Just know that you may need to go a size or two larger in order to find the right fit.
B00595ILDE Great Shoes! These shoes fit well and are very comfortable, especially since I'm on my feet all day long!  I love them!
B00595JCIM Favorite around town shoe! I love these shoes!  As a stay at home Mom these are the shoes I wear almost every day!  I have small narrow feet with moderate arch and they are easily the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! I've had mine over a year and just ordered a back up pair for when mine wear out as my local store no longer carries this style.
B00595JOOY Big Feet Nice Shoes? :D Ok so im a guy who wears size 15 in shoes almost  anything smaller for me doesn't work at all. I was skeptical in buying these because Puma is known for a tight fit shoe just bought these and I love them !!!!!They fit just right for me i have enough room in them to breath in and there tight but not too tight. Would recommend to allGoodluck
B00595JOOY these shoes are so confortable These shoes are very comfortable and do and do look very elegant more than they are on the picture, i love it
B00595JOOY Nice Looking Shoes Received my shoes as promised and they fit perfectly. Sharp looking and comfortable. The Velcro strap makes it easy to adjust the tightness for a comfortable fit.
B00595JOOY subquality workmanship I bought these shoes from Puma store. They looked terrifc in the store. Was very excited to wear them. But it was hurting at few points in the left foot. I also noticed that the shoes were not very symmetrical. I thought that I will give them some time, to adjust to my feet. Anyways, after few days I couldn't wear them at all.Went back to the store. They initially refused to replace the shoes with exact same exchange. Later, the store manager agreed to exchange, as the previous shoes were just useless for me. Kudos for thier customer service.Now the new pair is also showing the same pain and asymmetry at some points. Either the shoe is sub-par on workmanship, or there is some problem with my feet.Puma is a good brand otherwise.
B00595JOOY Puma Vedano V Comfortable shoes. Not for people with wide feet. The leather on the shoe is suede so judge accordingly, so far I have had no issues after owning the shoes for a month and wearing them in the winter.
B00595JOOY Top of the puma line!!!! Puma quality everybody knows it and this are just cool shoes cusse they look more like shoes than sneakers wear them with anything and you'll be looking good and sophisticated and by the way very soft and comfortable shoes
B00595JOOY Great Shoes! These shoes look great, are comfortable, and fit well! I Love the fantastic quality of these shoes.  Wonderful upscale casual shoes
B00595JOOY Nice shoes I like the shoes, good quality.They just fit tighter than all the other size 10 1/2 shoes that I have bought in stores.
B00595JOOY Great shoes I work out daily and have worn Puma for years.  I am a big man; 6'6', 230 pounds, size 14 shoes.  I have trouble getting shoes that both fit and are comfortable.  These fit perfectly.  They are very comfortable, even for my flat feet.  They look nice.  Great walking shoes. Better than expected. Recommend for anyone.
B00595JOOY Awesome shoes!! Very cool shoes! I bartend in these and they keep me compfy thru my entire shift. Plus they are nice enuff to go out in after. Solid buy :)
B00595JOOY Puma Shoes Shoes are awesome I really like them they are very comfortable and easy to put on, they somewhat look like casual dress shoes as well. Highly recommend them!
B00595JOOY Very good shoes Quality shoes. They are very nice. Maybe I would give them 4,5 star; but there is not that option. Believe me, this kind of PUMA shoes are very durable, at least for me.
B00595JOOY Great shoes I recieved them very fast! The shoes came in a nice puma box and the shoes are exactly what I expected.
B00595JOOY Great shoes, not as durable as I thought. First time I've owned a pair of PUMA's and I do love them. My only complaint is the fact that weather conditions will ruin the shoes faster than anything else. Obviously the dumbest idea is to wear these shoes outside in the ice and snow, but if you're looking for shoes that will last a full days wear, try to explore other options first.
B00595JOOY Love these shoes I bought these shoes because I wanted something classy yet simple to wear out with a nice pair of jeans. They are every day shoes that double as dress shoes and I love them. I get a lot of compliments on them, I would recommend these to just about anyone the leather will break in over a few weeks of wear and the suede gives a great accent to the shoes. I didn't mind they were 100$, the seller also got my order processed very quickly and my shoes came within 3 days which I was a huge fan of.
B00595JOOY Best shoes I've ever had!!!!! These shoes are so comfortable I am wearing them out!!! They have replaced my Adidas as the go to shoes for comfort. They could be worn with Jeans, Shorts, even business casual khakis. Fast shipping and product excellent, better than described. THANKS AMAZON!!!!!!!!!
B00595JOOY Alternate shoes for casual Fridays at work. Comfortable and stylish. They are easy to wear. I would recommend this item. It arrived on time and new as advertised.
B00595JOOY Sexy Stylish Shoes!! I love em! I searched through 3200 pairs of black shoes on Amazon and several other sites looking for the perfect replacement shoes for the cool black shoes I have that have been worne to the bone and are falling apart.  These shoes stood out right when I saw them as they have a unique design with the &#34;gils&#34; on the front sides.  I also wanted slip ons so my cat didnt have any laces to attack and these fit the bill perfectly.  These shoes like most Pumas are narrower so wide feet wont be comfortable in these.  The leather on the shoe seems to be good quality and these are constructed well.  I have already gotten several compliments from coworkers who saw them.  The shoes can be loosened or tightend using the 2 seperate velcro straps at the top of the shoe.  These straps are connected to the black horizontal straps you see going across the back ankle area of the shoe.  They are essentially pulling the top of the shoe down and back the more you tighten so you get a great and comfortable fit.  If you are reading this review then you are already somewhat interested in these shoes and I highly recommend buying them as they are truely awesome.
B00595JOOY stylish very stylish shoes. they're almost dress casual sneakers.
B00595JOOY sporty but yet casual very good comfortable puma shoes it can suit any occasion durable easy on your feet whole day great pair of shoes /sneakers
B00595JOOY Super Sweet These shoes are sooooo sweet. In fact , I just ordered the black. Make sure you get a size bigger than normal because they run smaller. Unbelievably comfortable and light weight. Definitely the most comfortable shoes Ive ever put on. A must have. Pumas rock. Enjoy!!!
B00595JOOY Not for everyday use Fancy design, but not very practical shoes. Wearing them just a few times, caused a lot of tearing on the sides of the shoes. Also, they fit my leg very tight; I should've listened to the reviewers who mentioned that the shoes a not for people with large feet. Anyway, I wish I bought better shoes for this price.
B00595JOOY A Masterpiece First, I would say I like shopping at Amazon because my purchases were given attention professionally. But more important to me was the quality of the PUMA sneaker's I bought. It was a masterpiece. The design is edgy and the shoes are fashionable. The style is reminiscent of the PUMA Brand name in sporting attire. It was a good fit and the shoes gripped my feet as desired. A good value for money!I would highly recommend this shoes to anymore especially those who like the gym or walk for exercise. You would even walk freely in the moon with these PUMA shoes.
B00595PMRM Great looking shoes, not so great material... Theses shoes look slick!, got plenty of compliments.BUT!!....In about a couple of weeks, the tongues will start getting lob-sided, sticking to one side of the shoe (looks kind of weird when wearing shorts) The welt and out-sole will begin to detach from each-other...I suggest getting some shoe-glue, the material actually causes them to get stained and dirty pretty easily.Overall good shoes if you're a Puma fan, but they do require maintenance...lol
B00599E1GQ fast ship & great shoes very good shoes and excellent price, these shoes are ideal for a play futsal, very quality leather and nice model. i recomended 100%.
B00599EBHK Great work shoe I'm on my feet most of the day and have to say this is one of the most comfortable and best looking shoes I've worn. I don't think I've ever gotten so many compliments for my footwear.
B00599EKWQ Comfortable and light I do not run much in these shoes, but do wear them to walk and stand.  They are very light, but do not have a lot of support.  I even wear them to school where I teach.
B0059A04A2 Great shoes These shoes are great in many ways. They are comfortable and your can dress them up and down. I plan to use them for both dressier events and city walking/traveling. I am usually a 6.5 but I had to get a 6 on these as my size was loose. They feel a tad bit tight but I hope I'll break into them soon. I'll update my review once I come back from my trip and will know whether they are as good as they seem for traveling and walking around a lot.
B0059B4WV8 Great My daughter complained about her gym shoes that they made her slide inside the gym. I bought her these and no more sliding. She is a size 8 in woman's shoe. This are boys shoes so I got her a size 6 and it fit perfectly. Great soccer shoes.
B0059BE484 wonderful shoes - out of production I feel lucky to have found this shoe still available.  They are great shoes. Not sure why Puma quit making them.
B0059BE484 Nice looking shoes I got this shoes in 4 I normally wear 6 or 6 in ladys size and they fit really good. They're very comfy.
B0059BI3Z4 I love these shoes. These shoes are great. I was a nursing assistant and I bought them for lots of walking and lifting. They fit perfectly and did not rub my feet! I have had them over a year (which for a nursing assistant is phenomenal due to the amount of walking) and they are fantastic. These shoes have been through walking, running, lifting, exercising and tons of water, and they are great!(:
B0059BJES4 Pumas I bought these shoes for a Christmas present for my daughter. She hasn't seen them yet but I like them, wish they weren't so much more expensive than other shoes but they are nice shoes and suede.
B005B2H1FE My husband's favorite My husband's favorite shoes fit as expected; he had similar shoes before and these are like those he liked before.
B005CAVWLY GREAT SOCCER SHOES EXCELLENT FIT I LOVE THESE SHOES , AT FIRST A LITTLE HARD BUT WEAR THEM A COUPLE TIMES AND NOW GREAT SOCCER SHOES,  I ALREADY RECOMENDED  THEM TO MY FRIENDS..  THEY LIKE THEM TOO..
B005CAYLM6 Poorly Made Shoes, Already Falling Apart... I received these shoes for Christmas for my indoor soccer league and have played in about 10 games.  As of now, the rubber sole on my shooting foot has already partially detached from the leather and will likely get much worse.  I only wear these to play games in, so I have not spent much time in then.  The shoe is fairly comfortable otherwise, but the shoddy construction means these shoes won't last much longer.  I would not recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a long term investment.
B005CAYYOQ Do not buy this shoes, size incorrect! I bought the Puma Powercat 3.12 size 9.5 d (m) and this shoes looks like 8 so I could not put them on. I recommend not to buy this shoes.
B005CCHJEQ Soccer shoes These shoes are beautiful and well made.  I purchased them for my granddaughter and when they arrived, they were well packaged and they arrived the exact day I expected.
B005CK7W3Q Disappointment My granddaughter was so pleased with these shoes since they are pretty and light up, but this quickly turned to disappointment when the right shoe quit lighting. Since these shoes are not cheap, I cannot recommend them.
B005CKB0WA Great Shoes True to size and very light weight!  My daughter is in first grade and is very excited about her new purple shoes.
B005CKB0WA Awesome shoes! Shoes look just as pictured in photo and fit just like a toddler size 8 should. Great shoes!!!! Highly recommend the PUMA brand for shoes. They hold up well.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes very cute These are great shoes Great fit fun colors The shoes are Holding up well Hi Ravi shoes and I'm 30 years old the shoes are not too old and not too young I take ace very small shoe Everybody asks where I have gotten the shoes I used to get very frustrated shoe Shopping I could not find shoes that fit The only shoes that I could find that would fit had cartoon characters on them and when you're 30 years old that is not cute anymore Now I have the shoes everybody talks about I love the shoes
B005CKB0WA Great shoes. Bought them for the 2nd time. These shoes are great! Very comfy and easy to put on. I bought them for my daughter who just wanted something simple and comfortable to wear. They run a little big.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes These shoes are adorable and super light weight. Loved them! Would definitely recommend these. My son wears them for soccer and they work great.
B005CKB0WA Cute and practical shoes These shoes are better looking up close. I got them for my 6yr old daughter for her sports activities and she tells me they are very comfortable, she was happy with them running around everywhere. I tend to buy velcro shoes for sports rather than shoes with laces, so that I don't have to worry about her laces coming untied. Great buy!
B005CKB0WA Love them so much I cried My son loves the shoes! Every other shoe he tried on he cried over! He will wear nothing but these shoes. They are the best shoes I found and hold up amazingly
B005CKB0WA Cute shoes...not for long We love Puma shoes.  We bought these for our 2.5 yr old son.  He wears them to school only...they lasted only 3 weeks and there were holes in them.  I was greatly disappointed.  Our $10 shoes from Academy lasted much longer than this!  We should have made these church shoes instead.  So...bottom line: look great, but don't have the durability needed for a child this age.
B005CKB0WA really nice tennis shoes This tennis shoes are very stylish and comfortable as told by my 6 yr old son. Great color and would definitely buy these again.
B005CKDW76 Fashionable shoes It is a very nice urban shoes for my son. He loved it very much and it fix perfectly well
B005CKHBP0 Perfect for Toddlers Thee shoes are amazing and so easy for toddlers learning how to put on and take off their own shoes.  They are so well made and really can stand up to a beating- plus they match everything! A good buy!
B005CKHBP0 Love the shoes The shoes fit and look great.this is just filler for the 14 minimul word requirement. I don't agree with it
B005CKHBP0 Darling shoes! These shoes fit as expected and have been more than durable for my little girl.  She wears them day-in-and out.  Once again Puma surpasses expectations!
B005CKHVKK I sent the shoes back had to send the shoes back because they were to tight for my feet. Other than that the shoes were cute.
B005CKJWW0 Puma for my Kids Puma for my Wife its a Puma good life... Puma does a great job on their shoes design I can see why they are still in the industry.  So far no complaints from my daughter but then again I never complained about the shoes I had as a kid when I got the shoes I wanted either.  Still from a non wearer perspective the shoes look good and seem like they'd be comfortable.  I am thinking about getting a pair or two myself.
B005CKPONQ Very very poor quality shoe My daughter wore these shoes twice.  And she is not my son, who runs all day and I do expect his shoes to wear off fairly fast.  The second day she wore these shoes, the cloth around the ankle had 2 cracks, and the stitches holding the front rubber broke and part of the rubber came off.I have not had such a lousy experience with kids shoes that I have bought at Walmart!  Puma brands itself as a somewhat "luxury" sneaker brand, but the quality is really bad --at least for this model.  I will probably never buy Puma for kids again.
B005COYRD0 Puma Tekkies Jam the most comfortable sneaker I purchased these shoes in anticipation of something comfortable.  I have some foot problems such as Morten's Neuroma and flat feet.  These shoes are without a doubt the most comfortable I own.  I ordered a 5.5 in men's shoes to keep them wide and they are perfect.  I normally wear a 7.5 or 8 in women's shoes.  Previous reviews commented on the lack of support of these but that is exactly what I find to be so comfortable.  They arrive in a small box, are flat but the canvas used to make these shoes is so soft and pliable they feel like slippers.  I have white, navy, black, and pink pairs.  The colored shoes do not come in men's sizes so I ordered 7.5 in womens and find them just a comfortable.  A great shoe and I can wear them all day without problem.  I highly recommend these for everyday wear.  No....I am not a runner and would not recommend these for that activity.
B005CPBU2K EXCELLENT FIT EXCELLENT FIT MY KID LOVE THESE SHOES , HE PLAYS SOCCER EVERY DAY AND HE SAYS ARE THE BEST SOCCER SHOES  I HAVE EVER BOUGHT HIM...
B005CPEUG8 EXCELLENT FIT EXCELLENT FIT MY KID LOVE THESE SHOES , HE PLAYS SOCCER EVERY DAY AND HE SAYS ARE THE BEST SHOES I HAVE EVER BOUGHT HIM...
B005CVWYPG The best! My son wears a 4 in shoes. When I go to local stores to shop for shoes, I always have a hard time because the shoe is either too tight or not wide enough. With Puma, his foot goes right in.
B005CVWYPG Best tennis shoes for my toddler These shoes are great! Easy to put on! Our 2nd pair we've ordered. They are adorable too and go with everything!
B005CVWYPG Great shoes These are the Only tennis shoes I like for my daughter! They aren't too stiff and stretch a little. Love them!
B005CVY9RW Cutest shoes ever! These shoes are SO CUTE! They are also nice and soft, and look to be quite comfortable. They have a removable insert so you can get the proper fit for little feet, which I found very helpful. My daughter has very skinny feet, and the velcro is wonderful at keeping them on her feet. Highly recommended.
B005CVY9RW Great shoes to young toddlers This is the second pair of puma I had purchased for my daughter.  The velcro straps make putting the shoes on quick and easy.  The velcro also allows her to participate in the dressing and undressing process because she is able to work with the velcro.  The soft sole allows her feet to feel the different surface texture while protecting her feet.  They are definitely great shoes for early walkers!
B005CVY9RW Best first shoes! I loved these shoes! They were the first shoes I purchased for my daughter and she wore them until they had holes. They were perfect as first walking shoes, flexible and light. The fit was great, she has really small feet and the size 4 (at 1 yr old) was perfect and left a bit of room to grow. The sole is cloth though so I don't recommend them for winter or wet areas. They are even cuter in person and we always received a ton of compliments!
B005CVY9RW Cutest shoes These are the cutest shoes my daughted loved them. They were easy to take on and off anfpd they stay in their feet.
B005CVY9RW Love them My daughter doesn't want to take this off and she's been falling a lot less wearing these shoes I always hate spending so much on kid shoes but well worth it
B005CVY9RW Shoes Love the shoes. They were all clean and I'm overall very happy! Definitely would purchase another pair of shoes thru here.
B005CVY9RW Comfortable and sporty looking I bought these shoes thinking they would be comfortable, well made and cool looking and it was. I'm so happy I bought these as her first walking shoes. She is 11 months old and walks comfortable in them. The Velcro is awesome feature for these shoes because its easy to put on and take off. I will buy again when she grows out of these.
B005CVY9RW Great Shoes! Love them and they fit but their on the smaller side. Compared to other size 4 shoes they are a little shorter in the foot bed.
B005CVY9RW I loved thses plus they are adorable I loved these shoes for my daughter. They helped out a lot because they were very light weight for when she first started walking. I recommend these shoes.
B005CVY9RW Best first shoes It's my daughter's first shoes. Very soft and comfortable. She was very confident walking with it! Recommend to all parent with young toddlers.
B005CVY9RW Happy baby...happy mamma Pick those shoes because my child not quite walking but is interested and there soft enough to take steps in and crawl around in. I also like the look of the shoes!
B005DTLFG6 I wear these everyday I love these shoes, I walk my dog everyday in these shoes. They are very comfortable and I also work out in them.
B005DTOIF6 Crappy I wore these shoes one time and then threw them away. They were terrible quality. Very disappointed in these shoes.
B005DTOIF6 Don't buy this!!! The worst Puma shoes ever! I'm not even sure if they are Puma. They look incredibly cheap. I bought them for my husband's birthday present and I was so disappointed. He said they are very uncomfortable. The logo is already fading and the material makes them look like a five dollar or less pair of shoes.
B005DTR72W Sad because of the fit!! This was a gift to my dear husband and for what it is worth, it was a cool looking pair of shoes. And that's about it.Product looks like the image. But as with most puma shoes, the width was a terrible problem. Though I ordered a size bigger by 1.5, the fit was horrible.Had to return it.
B005DTR72W This shoes ain't made for Walkin'!! But BOY can they Drive! Love 'em!!!! I am glad I bought these shoes for driving and not walking because with my bad back and knees, they were killer on my shopping spree to buy my daughter a new pair of shoes for school. One thing is for sure though, they can definetly drive fast!! Have a great sense of touch with the gas and brake pedals. The handy little red bag that they came in is great for holding my shoes while I am at the office as well. Recommend these for those that love to drive and love Ferrari!! Now I just need to get a Ferrari to drive while I am wearing them......
B005DTS9SS Great pair of sneakers I bought this shoes a while ago. They fit perfectly, the quality is excelent, the feel really comfortable and light. I really recommend this shoes.
B005ER4BS6 LOVE THIS SHOES! i don't have words to explain how good this shoes are!... this shoes are beautiful i really recommend this to everybody...
B005EVOPBK Cute and comfortable! I've owned these shoes for a few weeks.  They are one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes that I own.  They give good support, do not rub anywhere and the elastic band across the top keeps them from slipping off easily (like many other flats do).  They have non-skid rubber on the bottom.  The shoes are bright red, exactly like the picture shows.  They are a well-made and good quality. I have found that the suede toe does show a lot of dirt and scuffs, but they do wipe off easily.  I have found that Pumas do run a bit on the small side.  I wear size 8 1/2 in most shoes and I buy size 8 in Pumas and they fit perfectly.  And if it matters to you, they are made with Eco OrthoLite, which is an environmentally friendly material :)  These are a fun pair of shoes if you want something that is a cross between a flat and an athletic shoe!
B005EVP6UE great! Sometimes pumas are small in the width on my feet, but these shoes are not tight at all. great shoes!
B005FWV85O good model I like This shoes but unfortunately they fell apart after 3 month ...  I guess it was my bad luck. The shoes look nice and comfortable to wear.
B005HEJHYO Great shoes These are the first golf shoes that I've owned that did not require any break-in time to be comfortable. Fit perfectly and had great grip.
B005HEJHYO Highly comfortable and functional. Love these highly functional and comfortable Puma golf shoes. Stylish, light, and fit so well. Great for walking the course.
B005HEJHYO My favorite shoes. I have more golf shoes than all other types of shoes combined. Off the top of my head...I would say over a dozen. Sometimes I get wide shoes if they are available but depending on the shoe it may not be necessary. I got these in regular.  The shoes I have that are comparable to the Puma Roma are the Adidas adicross, Ecco Men's Street Premier and FJ Street.These are the lightest and most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn. No question. They have replaceable spikes however you could easily wear them without spikes.
B005HEJK3W Great Price Shoes I love these, their comfortable, my golf game got better since I got golf shoes , more stability in the swing now.
B005HEJK3W Great golf shoes These are my 3rd pair of Puma shoes and I love them; Puma golf shoes run big for me, I normally wear 10.5; two of my Puma golf shoes are size 10 and fit much better than the pair that is 10.5.  I also have a couple pair of Dryjoys which are awesome nice feeling golf shoes but they feel bulky compared to the Puma's; still an awesome shoe just a different fit.  Going with a half size smaller in Footjoy doesn't fit my foot and still feels bulky.  I'd describe Puma golf shoes has having a more athletic fit, more like a tennis shoe.
B005HEJK3W Periodic Golfer I golf about 10-15 times a year and was in need of some new golf shoes.  I've enjoyed Puma brand shoes on other occasions and liked the style of these.  I've worn them out once already and really enjoyed them.  The cleats on the bottom dig into the grass/sand/etc very well for stability on each shot.  You can also remove each cleat for easier cleaning or repair.  These shoes run a bit narrower than other golf shoes I've worn, but that's pretty typical of Puma.  I broke these in pretty well on my first round of golf and my feet were not sore at all, even though they are new shoes.  Fairly easy to keep clean after the round as well.  I was complemented on these a few times while on the course.  Would recommend to anyone looking for some style and stability in their golf shoes.
B005HEK2J8 Puma Golf Shoes very comfortable, great grip on the course and great for walking all 18 holes, i recommend them for anyone who likes playing golf.
B005HEK2J8 Sore feet As a lot of other reviews have uncovered, there is zero to no padding in the heel.  I wore these shoes 2 separate days, 9 holes each day and couldn't stand them.  Granted they do look very cool and I really wanted to like them but I generally walk when I play golf, and wearing these shoes make it impossible.
B005HEKWM0 Most comfortable golf shoe I've ever worn These shoes are very, very comfortable.  Usually it takes you a few times breaking in shoes.  I never experienced foot ache.Shoes have great grip, and they are really sharp looking.I would suggest buying some extra shoe spikes just in case.
B005HEKWM0 great golf shoes best leather i have ever had in a golf shoe, including my adipure and all my footjoy shoes.  Would recommend these to anyone
B005HEKWM0 Great golf shoes Great shoe just match the sizes with my Normal puma shoes. there really comfortable also like the tool that came with it and the bag
B005HEKWM0 excellent Golf shoe that turns heads! I purchased these shoes for the 2013 golf season and love the look and feel of the shoe. the quality is top notch and comfort level is amazing. I shot my lowest round to date wearing them. I own 2 other pears of golf shoes and coincidentally all of my lowest rounds of the year were played in the shoes....hmmmm... Love em!
B005HEL4W2 classy The shoes are beautiful and eye catching on the course. My husband has had plenty of compliments. The shoes are a tad too large, but an innner sole solved the problem.
B005HEL4W2 Nice shoes These are nice shoes and they look great.  Got them before a couple of outings and all I got was compliments.  I wear 12 EEE for dress shoes, ordered 13's and they are wide and big and comfortable.  These shoes run true to size, maybe even a little big.  They are comfortable and broke in within the first round (I was in a cart too).  The only thing I don't like is that they have Puma's spike system, so all the qlock spikes I have lying around are no good.
B005HEL4W2 Great product These golf shoes are perfect! They run true to size and look fantastic. I will be purchasing these shoes again and again.
B005HELTCM Style and Comfort in One Great Golf Shoe Really love what Puma has to offer for the golf world.  These shoes are fun, stylish, and incredibly comfortable both on and off course.Don't let the street style fool you - these shoes have a lot of traction and hold up just as well as other golf shoes I've owned.  Furthermore, they easily allow me to walk the course for hours without pain.Note that the "white/red" combo actually looks more like hot pink in person, which was actually an unexpected and happy surprise for me when the shoes arrived.
B005HELTCM Puma Women's Golf Cat shoes size 11 Very pleased with the comfortable fit & soft soles.  I am looking forward to wearing them during our Summer months here.Normally I have to buy Mens shoes as it is not easy to get the larger sizes for Women.
B005HELTCM I love my new puma golf shoes. Wore them for the first time yesterday , and they were so comfortable. Normally golfshoes.  take about 4 times of wearing them, for my feet to get used to them, but not these. And of course,I loved the price
B005HEN3GW Puma Jigg Golf Shoe (soft spikes) I have used these soft spiked shoes the last few golf outings - and have been impressed with the overall quality of fit, arch support, and my ability to feel fresh after 18 holes.  The only drawback to these shoes is the proprietary soft quill spike system may not be supported as long as other "off the shelf" soft spike systems.  However, for the price, this is a good pair of shoes - and I plan on stocking up on replacement spikes so that I do not run out before the shoes wear out!
B005HEN3GW Great shie Very good looking comfortable well made shoe. Ive owned Puma golf shoes before and they never disappoint. I never buy anything but Pumas now.
B005HEN3GW Puma Golf Shoes Great fit, exceptional quality.  Will only buy Puma golf shoes and clothing from this point forward.  The price is usually in the ball park.  Thanks Puma!
B005HEN3GW Comfort AND Looks... These are the most comfortable golf shoes I have ever owned in 22 years of golfing. Comfort right out of the box.
B005HEN3GW Great shoe for the price Chose the Puma for low price, but am extremely happy at the comfort and quality. Comfortable from the first wearing. The spikes are firm and provide good stability, where other shoes I have are are rubbery. All in all I am quite happy with the shoes.
B005HEN3GW Love these shoes I'm not going to complain about the sizing because I know when you buy something online it's not a gaurentee, but if you buy these I would go a half size smaller than what you normally go.  I'm not a good golfer by any means but at least it looks like I know what I'm doing with this pair of shoes.
B005HEN3GW Great for the walk and carry golfer I have four pairs of these shoes - not all the same color.  They all fit well, have good arch support, look good, and hold up to a lot of walking.  I walk and carry my bag and these shoes make the walk a pleasure.
B005HEN3GW Puma Golf Shoe This is very similar in design and foot feel to Bite shoes - no longer available.Comfortable right out of the box.  I'm very pleased with them.
B005HEN3GW great shoes the shoes are great very comfortable I would highly reccomend anyone who walks the course when they golf to order these shoes
B005HEN3GW First time in Pumas. The shoes are most comfortable and seem to fit all needs while I am playing golf. Only thing that I am not sure of is if they will help me to improve my score. GREAT BUY!
B005HEN3IK Great shoes Have to break them in a bit. I love the look and feel of these and even though it wont help your golf game, They sure look good!
B005HEN3IK Wrong item Got shipment in and received shoes opened them and they were nice but keep looking at them and noticed they were not the same shoes I had ordered they were the cheaper ones in the box and when I called to try to get new ones they were not in stock so I was very disappointed
B005HEOEYC Now I can play like Rickey Fowler Great shoes. I've been buying Puma shoes for 50 years and have never been disappointed. The bright blue is a great change from boring black, brown and white golf shoes. I also have a red pair on order.
B005HEP57C Chicken soup for the feet You must have heard of "Chicken Soup for the Soul" Well, these Puma golf shoes shoes are chicken soup for the feet! They are a joy to wear, not to mention not too bad on the eyes. I love them, they are stylish plus comfortable enough to wear all day without any discomfort. A lot of golf shoes are stiff and a pain to the feet after eighteen holes of golf. Not these Pumas. I liked them so well I ordered another pair in a different color.
B005HEP57C Good Golf Shoes I bought these shoes for my daughter for spring golf.  They fit her well and kept her feet dry in this wet spring!
B005HEPKLS Slender and comfy I love these shoes because it is so hard to find running shoes that are not bulky.  I tend to hit my ankles when I run with bulky shoes so these work perfectly for me.
B005HEPXDI my shoes that i saw on the golf channel I loved my shoes they are so sexy I wantto wear them all the time. Im a big fan of ricky fowlers
B005HEPXDI Great shoes The kid loves the shoes. Fit just right and look just like he wanted them too.  Looks good out on the course.
B005HEPXDI Very good shoe but size seems small than other shoes. Shoes were as expected but sizes smaller than other shoes.  The red color isn't a deep red it could be closer to pink.
B005HEPXDI I ordered red and they Came pink!!! My 8 year old chose these red Puma shoes and when he san them he said he won't wear fuscia girl golf shoes :-(
B005HEPXDI Perfect Golf shoes I was at a local golf shop and the gentleman told me that a kids size 6 was equal to a woman's size 7.5. Saved me a ton of money and they're super comfortable. I like that they look and feel like sneakers, even though they have "spikes" on the bottom. Puma always makes a solid shoe, but these golf shoes are perfect.
B005I19DH2 The Best Shoes in the World these are the most comfortable shoes i ever gotten that arent athelic shoes. they got great support. the grip is really good and overall i am very happy with the shoes and the price
B005I19DJU Poor Construction I really like the look of these shoes. However, the backs of both shoes dig into my heels (even with 2 pairs of socks). The material is stitched and very rough around the heal. It doesn't have any padding or comfort material in that area. I can't wear these shoes for any length of time. I don't recommend them.
B005I36VEI Walking shoes These shoes are a perfect fit. The only problem with it, is that it only comes in a D medium. I hope maybe they will run in either D or E wide.
B005I6YAU2 Fantastic! My son really wanted these shoes, but we could not find them in a store. We ordered them from Amazon. They are wonderful! The size was right-on, and the quality is fantastic. I highly recommend these shoes.
B005IKILF8 SWEET LOOKING SHOE I bought this shoe in pink.  I don't usually buy shoes on-line, but these look so good, I bought them.  I was not disappointed.  When they arrived and opened the box, my husband was even impressed.  That says a lot since usually, he just grunts when I show him any new shoes I buy. LOLDon't expect to go running or speed walking in these shoes.  The soles are not made for that kind of wear.  But, I knew that when I bought them.  I love these shoes.  They look so cool.
B005IKJ2D8 Great Looking Pair of Shoes! I love these shoes! I was looking for a feminine/fashionable pair of athletic shoes that I would be able to walk around all day in and these do the job. Within the first couple days of wearing them I got several compliments.  I have large feet (size 11) so I find it hard to find feminine looking tennis shoes so I loved that the design/style of this shoe is sleek which I think makes my feet look a bit smaller.I also have flat feet and found these shoes to be very comfortable without having to wear arch-enhancing insoles that I normally wear with my tennis shoes. Overall, I'm very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend to other women looking for cute but comfortable shoes.
B005IKJ2D8 So comfortable! I got these shoes a week before Amazon said they would arrive in the mail!! Besides being overjoyed from the fast delivery, the shoes fit perfectly and feel awesome! They have great arch support and look super cute. Thanks Amazon!
B005ILKHCC Great shoes... The shoes are better in person than in the picture.I cant wait to put them on my godson.  Would reccomend to anyone.
B005LCD60I Great shoes I've owned a few pair of Pumas now and have always found them stylish and decently comfortable but these might be the most comfortable yet, and I think they look really cool. After buying my last 3 pairs of shoes from Amazon I've decided you simply cannot beat buying shoes from them for the selection and price.UPDATE:  One of these shoe's soles started peeling off slightly after 2 and a half months of wearing almost exclusively in an office.  May have been a fluke but warrants an update I thought.  More importantly though, Puma did make things right when I emailed them with a copy of my Amazon invoice and a photo of the defective shoe.  They gave me a gift certificate for a little more than what I paid for the shoes.  So if you do have an issues with your Pumas, contact them and they will most likely do the right thing.
B005LCD60I Excellent These shoes fit great.  They make no sound when walking around, it feels like you're gliding on air.  I would definitely recommend.
B005LCD60I Comfy, Light Shoes Shoes are as shown. Very comfortable and light on the feet. On top of that, they are stylish and go well with essentially anything I wear. Highly recommend.
B005OKF984 Trendy shoes These shoes look great off the leg, however the padding in this shoe makes it look bloated when worn. Is not very contoured. Shoes are comfortable otherwise. Great color combination.
B005OKFLLE Extremly pleased I'm usually skeptic about buying shoes without trying them on... But the deal was good and I gave it a shot.  They are very comfortable, and have great support. I've gotten several compliments on them.  Not too bad, but the only thing I could say somewhat negative about them is they don't breath as well as some of my other shoes.
B005OKXALW Two Stars The quality of these shoes was not as good as other shoes I've gotten from Puma.
B005OKXALW Love Em Love these shoes!  I needed a pair of sneakers that looked good with jeans for the winter.  I searched all around the malls and shoes stores in my area and was told that Puma's were fading out so nobody carries them.  I found a place that had the Suedes in blue and my size but they were very, very blue.  These shoes are dark enough that the stripe stands out but the shoe isnt flashy with old school style.  Looks great with jeans are and pretty comforable.  Ordered my usual size and fit was good.
B005OKXIC8 So I'm color blind I actually thought this was red and navy blue.  It's red on red.  I get a lot of comments about the shoes, not my eyes..........and they're mostly very good.The quality is outstanding and they're the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.5 stars.
B005OKXOBI My new favorite shoes I've always had a thing for red shoes, and these dont disappoint. They match most of my red tshirts and go very nicely with most of my dress shirts for a casual look. The material theyre made of is a nice texture, and theyre relatively easy to keep clean. Very comfortable too, I'll be buying these again when this pair wears out, which might take a while as I've had them for almost a month and they still look brand new after much wearing.
B005OKZ600 Very comfortable and lightweight. I purchased these shoes for my husband and he uses them most of the time.  They are very light and comfortable.  The material allows the feet to breathe and stay cool.
B005OLK5QO QUALITY The QUALITY of this shoe is amazing! My son has received so many compliments on these shoes. They are classic, simple, sleek shoes! LOVE them!
B005OLVDCO Love how it looks and how it feels What can I say - I wear these shoes mostly on weekends and so far it seems like they are of good quality. To my taste, the shoes look awesome and I especially like the red color. Everywhere I go, the first thing people notice is my shoes.
B005OLVDCO Like it, over all If you have wide feet it will be uncomfortable, should order 1/2 size bigger, the style of the shoes is very nice, I like the shoes over all,
B005OLVDCO I guess all PUMA shoes run small I bought several different pairs of PUMA shoes, and they all are small.  These are tolerable, but a little tight on the toes and toebox.  Others are not as forgiving.  I caution anybody buying PUMA shoes to verify their size at a shoe store.  I did not have that ability, since I did not see any of the shoes I purchased at any brick and motar store.
B005OLVDCO Red Shoes These shoes came in really fast and they just look great. Not too tight but just right Ha. Well I would recommend these shoes if your a Puma fan. The price is kinda high but aren't all Puma shoes.
B005OMEGTA Puma I bought these shoes they are great they keep me cool and good in summer time heat!  Very stylish and light weight.
B005OMFAYK Unique, fashionable, beautiful and still functional!!! I love unique shoes that stand out but are definitely wearable. These shoes fit the bill. These are amazing shoes. the are very comfortable. I have wide feet so they still do not hurt and the adjustable strap easily accomodates any foot size. I bought the red & black ones and the red really pops. I get noticed and compliments all the time. I'm on my feet all day and these shoes do not hurt and my feet don't get sweaty. They are extremely light weight so they are great for running. I highly recommend these shoes!
B005OS7VPA amazing walking shoes! these are super comfy and roomy. they are very light and loook stylish. The elastic that goes over the top is designed for skinny feet, so buyer beware! my feet are skiny and the elastic always marks my feet. it is not uncomfortable, but again, my feet are skinny... anyway, i still love these shoes!!!
B005OT1FQA Comfortable, Nice, lightweight I like the look of these shoes. They are comfortable to wear daily but I can't use them to work out... not enough support for my feet.
B005OT1FQA Cool shoes! I love these Puma sport shoes, they are very colorful and fashionable.They would not be suitable for high impact sports, but for doing pilatesor strength training they are great.
B005OT1FQA Great shoes!! Very confortables, light and nice style. I have plantar fasciitis and this style does not bother at all. Great shoes.
B005OT1UI8 LOVE these shoes! This is my second pair of Puma Faas Femme Shoes. They fit a perfect size 8, while being slightly narrow, but not tight. I have even machine washed these with success (although, I wouldn't use the dryer). Your feet do not get sweaty (or stinky) in these shoes. I wear them almost daily - shorts, pants, casual skirts - they're great!
B005OT25G4 Not Puma usual quality I have worn Puma's for years and love them&#8230;these shoes are well below my expected quality from Puma.  The white area on the shoe is like iron on tape&#8230;.really tacky.  The shoes are super lightweight but offer no support to your foot.  Not sure what these are really good for, not exercising or walking long distances for sure.  Very disappointed!
B005OT8608 Puma fast cat I ordered these because I needed all white shoes for school. They're nice shoes my only complaint is they're a bit small I think. Once you break them in they get a lot better. Otherwise no complaints! Quick shipping!
B005OT9Q98 perfect shoes. I needed running shoes and I bought these shoes. It's been a year since I've purchased them (Jan 2013) and just NOW i have seen that they have started to tear from the inside. That means they last at least 1 year. If I took better care they probably wouldn't have ripped. Definitely will buy again, and just because they ripped doesn't mean I can't wear them because it doesn't stab my foot or give it blisters.
B005OTA9R6 Comfy, but not very durable I needed black simple shoes to wear at work. For people who have worn pumas before, they fit just as expected. The shoes were very comfortable, but they are not made for everyday use. After I got them wet for the first time they started to deteriorate rather quickly. The inner sole started to fall apart until they became unwearable.
B005OTA9R6 Don't expect these to be comparable to other dance sneakers like capezios/blochs/sanshas I bought these shoes because I have narrow feet and found regular dance sneakers to be very bulky and sometimes difficult to move around in. I've used jazz shoes that are much more fitted but don't offer the same level of support. These shoes sleek but still reenforced in the arch. I like the way they look and the fit, but these shoes are only flexible at the toe and do not allow you to turn or pivot on the balls of the feet at all. The rubber sole is a sticky-soft rubber like on most tennis shoes and not the hard rubber you expect on jazz or dance sneakers. They are very light weight. As they are out of the box, they're not suited for dancing at all. However, I've attached suede soles onto these shoes and the result is a shoe that fits much better than any of my dance sneakers. For the dance I do, having a strong and supported arch is nice, but I would certainly not recommend this for anything that requires pointe.As a side note, there is a tag on the underside of the shoe tongue that will be itchy for dancers who don't normally wear socks.
B005OTA9R6 Ouch is what i am saying After three months of going to Zumba class twice a week, i wanted to buy shoes that would be meant solely for Zumba. I have several different types of Puma shoes, I really love the brand and the fit.These however suck! And that is putting it nicely because during the class i was not saying suck in my head.I got them early because i figured being all leather i would have to really break them in. I have no intention of wearing these outside so i walked around my house in them, put on big socks, and tried to stretch them out. By Zumba time today, they were getting nice and comfortable so I took them for a try out. I did the warm up fine but there is not much going on. By the second song my feet were really hurting and i wasn't able to move more than i could in my tennis shoes. In fact, as the room became muggy it got worse on the not moving well part. It wasn't the bottom of my feet hurting ether, it was the top mostly around the toes. The shoes fit well until i guess you start to dance. Only one move i was able to perform better than in my tennis shoes.Tomorrow, is my Zumba tone class so i guess i will wear the shoes around my office with big socks on stretch them out some more and see how it goes. I really am disappointed with how these turned out. Based on the majority of the reviews i thought they would be better.
B005OTA9R6 Love these shoes b They are very comfy!! I wear them to Zumba class.  I felt a difference right away. I had knee pain from not wearing the proper shoes. These help.
B005OTA9R6 Zumba here I come Perfect fit and flexible as I hoped. Looking forward to Zumba in these great shoes. Thanks I love Puma shoes
B005OTA9R6 Puma dance shoe Item came very quickly.  Quality is excellent.  These shoes feel great when I'm in dance class.  I love these shoes.  Glad I brought them. Puma has done it again!
B005PVNAT2 Kool Shoes I get lots of compliments on these shoes. From friends and strangers. fit well. I always buy a half size up online and stuff a foot pad in them and they fit perfect that way.
B005R506IO Sole is falling off My 8 year old has had these shoes for school for less than 2 months and the turquise rubber part of the both soles near the heels are coming off the rest of the shoe! Kids tennis shoes should be somewhat more durable than that
B005R506IO Boys for a girl! Bought boys shoes in a size to fit my teenage daughter. Not only does she love them but now she doubles her shoe wardrobe by stealing her younger brothers shoes as well!!
B005R506IO Quality of the shoes I always buy these shoes but the ones I received, after the few months I had it, the glue on the sole is coming apart I'm very disappointed.
B005S0PF1G Love the shoes on kids not so much the price Shoes do run small. Buy one full size up. ALthoght these are the collest looking pair of shoes on the kids, they arent cheap and so I really take care of them. They are easy to clean as long as they arent scuff/scrape marks.  SO I rate 4 for the style and not a 5 due to price for kids shoes.
B005S0PF1G Love these shoes I got these for my 4 year old son and we both love them. The shoes is soft, almost like infant shoes. But they are still really cool and he says they are really comfortable. I will definitely be buyin him another pair next summer.
B005S0QEXE Stylish Shoes These shoes are slim and very stylish.  My daughter really likes them. The only problem is that the bottom rubber part of the sole on both shoes started to peel off after about a month of almost daily wear.  My husband fixed it will a little Gorilla Glue.  No biggie! These are great for preschool playgrounds.
B005S0QEXE ehh i love puma shoes but these run small and the shoes are very dark gray and purple, not pink, they need longer shoe laces too kids this age need it to be knotted
B005S0QEXE great shoes My daughter loves them, she is very picky about hershoes it surprised me that she like these shoes since she is so girly, but she needed a good pair of tennis shoes for gym class at school that look real nice
B005S0QEXE Great looking shoe, but color isn't accurate. These shoes are super cute and will work just fine, but I wanted to alert future buyers that the color you see online does not accurately match the actual color. The shoes are actually grey and the puma stripe is PURPLE, not dark pink, which is what I thought.  The laces are orange, which is accurate.  Again, they will work for us, but I thought the shoes were grey and pink - not grey and purple.
B005XS4BQI Beautiful shoes Good seller, the shoes are confortable and beautiful, this shoes are for my father and he is very happy with the gift
B005ZFCUIA Great Sneakers This shoes is very comfortable and looks even better than the picture.  I usually wear size 8 but bought 8 1/2.  Highly recommended.
B005ZFCUIA FABULOUS SHOE I am thrilled with these shoes.  FIT:  I have what is called a &#34;combination last&#34; foot--the front of my foot is a B width and my heels are A width (allegedly an American indian trait--thank you 10th GGM Pocahontas).  These Pumas fit me perfectly, so many athletic shoes are too wide in the heel and the heels slip, leading to blisters.  COMFORT:  very, very comfortable shoes, the cushioning is superb--I feel 10 years younger and have 100% more energy, amazing what a difference the right shoe makes.  Also, I had begun to have swollen ankles and that problem is now solved too.  Obviously, with my old shoes my feet were taking a real pounding.  APPEARANCE:  The shoes are beauties, I wear a 9.5 but they don't look like boats.  The colors black, rasberry pink and a neon blue green are very attractive.  Couldn't be happier.
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable So comfortable and fit great and looks niceprobably my favorite pear of tennis shoes i have ever bought i love thm
B005ZFCUIA like the shoes it is the right size...comfortable to wear...i like the color coz it is my favorite......like like like like like it
B005ZFCUIA Love my new shoes The delivery was really fast and fit perfect. I enjoy working out in my new shoes. The shoes are perfect for cross training.
B005ZFCUIA luv the shoes I really am thrilled about my pumas. They are very comfortable and styling. I highly recommend pumas period of any kind. Pumas are fast and very awesome.  I luv my shoes pumas rock!
B005ZFCUIA They fit ! I was weary of buying shoes online. But knowing that I could send them back if they didn't fit , was comforting. They fit nicely and have been great new shoes for all the crossfit workouts ...
B005ZFCUIA I LOVE these shoes!!! I have purchased Puma shoes in the past and loved them!  It had been a few years since I bought my last pair and I had forgotten how great Puma shoes are!! They fit my foot like a glove and are super comfortable!!  I may seriously give up buying Nikes (which I have worn for years) and buy Pumas exclusively!  I cannot say enough how much I like these shoes.  And also, I LOVE the design and colors!!  I highly recommend these shoes!!
B005ZFCUIA Shoes Very nice, fit as expected going to buy a purse also to match my new shoes product is well made
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe for bootcamp workouts! I have been doing bootcamp workouts (cross training) in these shoes and they are perfect for the varied motions they support me through.  These shoes are very supportive and have good arch support so my feet feel secure and I'm not worried about slipping out or injuring my arches (bias: I am not a fan of minimalist shoes).  They are true to size in my experience.  The only reason I didn't give five stars is that I don't love the coral/pink color.  Totally personal preference though.
B005ZFCUIA Comfy enough for a Nurse! I am a Nurse at a hospital and bought these shoes hoping they'd be more comfy than previous tennis shoes. They are pretty great! 12-13 continuous hours on my feet and these shoes keep my feet feeling good. They are also very stylish and cute! One con to these shoes is they make my feet stink really bad but I guess that can be expected with what I put them through.
B005ZFCUIA Comfy These shoes fit perfect and are very comfy! I will defiantly recommend these shoes to everyone I know! Best shoes ever
B005ZFCUIA These Shoes &lt;3 Can I just say I'm not one of those people who spend a lot of money on expensive shoes. I get 90% of mine from thrift stores or I receive hamydowns, which is always fine by me. But when I saw these shoes I couldn't help myself. I read the reviews stating they run small and narrow, and I'm not a small narrow footed gal, but I thought I'd give them a shot anyway. When they arrived I totally feel inlove with them, they're way more gorgeous in person. They're actually brighter colored than they look, the puma and the blue colors are sort of reflective, and they look amazing. The fit, yes, they're a bit snug BUT I happen to like my shoes snug. These weren't just bought for looks, they're for the gym which you should keep your shoes tight anyways, these are perfect gym shoes. They don't make my toes hurt and they're quite supportive, and my husband actually told me they look really cool..let me just say THAT NEVER HAPPENS. So when a man actually notices your tennis shoes, you know they're winners. So in my rating I said they fit as expected, but in my review I said they are a bit snug, well if you read the title they're cross-training shoes and you should wear them tight anyways. I wear a size 9 on a good day, but usually 9.5 or maybe a 10. I got these in size 9 and they fit very well, they're comfortable and supportive while I run, they're light and very colorful. These are by far the best gym shoes I have.
B005ZFCUIA Good shoes Very nice,  I love the color, the shoe is comfortable and the shipping is prompt. The shoes run a little small.
B005ZFCUIA Worth every penny! As any new shoes are, they required a little breaking in. However, it only took a week of wearing them four days in a row to become comfortable enough to wear everyday and run for a short period of time. Definitely my favorite shoes
B005ZFCUIA Amazing!!! The shoes are seriously the most comfortable and fit true to size. I was a little scared after reading that some people thought they were too tight. But they're perfect! I seriously forget I'm wearing tennis shoes. I get so many compliments on the fun colors!
B005ZFCUIA Nice shoes, but get dirty easily I know... I know... they are white, what do I expect? Because they are mesh, they stain a lot easier than regular tennis shoes and are harder to clean off, so if you're going to buy them I would recommend only wearing them when you're on man-made surfaces, lol. I love Puma and they are very comfortable shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Nice shoes!!! These shoes are cute and comfortable. I haven't spent much time in them yet but, I think they will be very good for walking around town.
B005ZFCUIA Excellent Very comfy shoes and no blisters. Nice looking shoes and the color is true to the picture.  I would recommend them.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoes! These shoes are awesome!  I run, walk, do cardio, weights, so wanted something that would fit all those brackets.  These shoes did!  They are also super cute.  I am usually a size 7.5 or 8.  I ordered the 8 and they were a little tight at first, but after a few wears they were broken in and fit well now.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe Shoes fit true to size, supper comfortable and light. Im seventh months pregnant and I can can still run in these shoes.
B005ZFCUIA too stiff The look of these shoes was great but wearing them was not pretty.  These shoes were so stiff and hard that my feet hurt in just 10 minutes of use.
B005ZFCUIA Walking on air These shoes are so comfortable and adorable, I just love them.  They look better in person, too. They provide cushioned support and don't make my feet hot like most shoes do.
B005ZFCUIA Noticed The shoes were not exactly the color I was expecting, but I still like it.  The fit is good, but I am unable to take out the liner to put in insoles with arch support. I wish it was removable or there was more room in the shoes to add an insert.I got a lot of compliments on the shoe. I think people really liked the noticeable color.  I like it too. It gets me motivated when I am getting ready to work out.
B005ZFCUIA These shoes are awesome : ) I bought these shoes for work because I'm on my feet all day and always on the go. These shoes are soo comfy. I am constantly up and down stairs on a daily basis and I can say my feet have not hurt since I bought these shoes. They look exactly the way they are shown and they weren't too badly priced. I would definitely buy another pair.
B005ZFCUIA So comfortable I forget I'm wearing shoes! The last tennis shoes I had I threw away because the bottoms were too built up and it just felt they were wearing me instead of me wearing them.  I love this shoe because you wouldn't know you're wearing it except your feet don't hurt like they certainly would if you were barefoot.  I love the mesh for the comfort and because I like any feature that wards off the dreaded athlete's foot.  Not good for rainy days due to the mesh, of course, but I still wouldn't change it.
B005ZFCUIA favorite shoes. I love these shoes! They are my favorite shoes ever. Very comfortable!  I always get complements on them! :) :) :) :)
B005ZFCUIA Puma - Riaze Cross Training Shoe These shoes are beautiful as well as quite comfortable.  I love Puma shoes and I feel that you will be satisfied if you are in the need for this type of shoe.  I am going to wear them out today.  I have not had a chance to wear them out in public before today, but I am sure that they will do nicely.  You can't go wrong with Puma shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Comfortable! One of the most comfortable pairs of shoes I own! I really like the way they fit and the gray color is great.
B005ZFCUIA Beautiful color! The shoes are true to size. They are very comfortable. The color is beautiful!!!
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable and light! I had never ordered shoes online before and I was kind of skeptical. These pumas are amazing and I am very impressed by the comfortable fit and how light of a shoe it is. Everything I was hoping for. I will definitely be buying more!
B005ZFCUIA my shoes The shoe is very comfortable and colorful for my line of work (daycare) it is a form fitting and comfortable
B005ZFCUIA worth the money I normally wear a 9 in most shoes but in puma tennis shoes I need a 9.5. Puma, especially voltaics and riaze are super comfy, I plan to keep buying puma in the future, well worth the money
B005ZFCUIA You won't be disappointed! These are the best shoes I've ever owned. They are sturdy, durable and best of all, they look really good! I wear them to the gym about 4 times per week, they feel great on all the machines and especially when walking/jogging. Highly recommend.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes and nice looking too! I bought these shoes for my girlfriend for her birthday..  She loves them and says they are comfy and fit nicely.  Very happy with this product.  Puma has always been a good brand of shoes for us.
B0064IPTA8 good shoes bought this running shoes 5 days ago and couldn't be happier. this is my first pair of running shoes cause normally i just wear sports fashion shoes. the shoes are very beautiful love the color, black and a little bit of yellow and they come in a modern red clever little bag instead of the old fashioned shoebox. the shoes at first seemed a little tight but after 1 day of use i got used to them. i can tell you that this are the most comfortable shoes that i've have ever owned. i do a lot of walking in new york in the weekends and decided to try them on for a stroll in the big apple and after walking for around 5 hours, 2 of those hours in the 2012 nyc auto show to my surprise at the end of the day my feet didn't hurt and were not swollen. if your looking to buy a pair of comfy shoes and look nice i suggest you buy a pair of this puma shoes, they are a very good buy.
B0064IPTA8 good shoes First shoes i bought online.. there very nice. soft.  delivery was late cause of weather but its ok.  my shoes were recycled material as it says on the bag. but they felt sturdy.
B0064IPTA8 New shoes Puma shoes have been a personal favorite for the last few years.  I bought these when i searched for green shoes.  No problems, solid construction and no issues with the first 50 miles already walked.
B0069RLF8Y 50-50 COMFORTING SHOES.. THESE SHOES LOOKS GREAT, BUT NOT VERY VERY COMFORTABLE,.. ALSO FEELS LIKE THE FEETS HAVE BEEN TIED FOR ALONG TIME.. I MEAN THEY ARE OK.. BUT IF U WANT TO WEAR THEM ALL DAY.. THEN THE FEETS FEEL LIKE SUFFOCATED. NOTHING COMPARES TO NIKE, ITS JUST THEY DONT LAST FOR THE PRICE WE PAY..
B0069RLG4W Puma Fox I love the shoes but part of the teal color is already peeling off of the toe and I have only wore the shoes for about a month.
B006IY2Q2C PUMA - Indoor Soccer Shoes My daughter LOVES these indoor soccer shoes. She had the blue and white ones before and now chose black and yellow for the next size up. By far her favorite shoes. She says they make her super fast and make her kick bigger. Plus, they are puma...so what could be better, right?
B006J7WSEY Very good products and it looks very beautiful on my kid Every things about these shoes are great except the price. it was a bit sad knowing that the same shoes are available in the neighborhood for cheaper prices. other than that, everything was fine.
B006JCTRDO shoes I'm a mother of a 5yr. Old little boy who I purchase shoes for because you have a LARGE VARIETY, and the PRICES fit into my BUDGET, AND I WILL CONTINUE TO ORDER THROUGH YOUR COMPANY:-)
B006OEGJO2 Just like the pros. These shoes are just what we expected.  My son golfs 5 to 6 times a week and these have been the best shoes he has owned.  I would not hesitate to order them again.
B006OEGJO2 Best golf shoes ever!!! Wow, these shoes fit perfectly, are so comfortable and I swear I am hitting the ball straighter and further since I started wearing them this year and shooting lower scores. My season is off to a great start and I am going to say it is the shoes. These are unbelievably good and at a great price. Highly, highly, highly recommend them.
B006OEY2NC puma faas golf shoes i love the shoes, however i found the ad misleading. free shipping and free returns was listed in the ad. i found out after receiving the shoes that i had to be a prime member to receive this benefit.  not fair.
B006OEY2NC Puma Golf Shoes Most comfortable golf shoes I've ever worn. Good grip on the course, as good as shoes with spikes.Love them.
B006OEY2NC Well made The best golf shoe for the money I will be buying Puma golf shoes for a whileGreat comfort and Im a walker
B006OEY2NC Perfect This is my 2nd pair of Puma Faas Grip. for me are the most comfortable shoes. good balance, great grip. not slippery. I recomend this shoes.thanks
B006OEY2NC golf shoes a bit small 10.5 was the size of my previous F J golf shoes, so i was a bit disapointed to finde that my new Puma golf shoes were a bit tighti hope they will stretch with a bit of use,
B006OEY2NC Very Comfortable. These shoes were a Christmas gift for my 21 year old son.  As a young man, he likes the style and the comfortable fit.  He was very pleased and happy with these golf shoes.  I bought them because I felt they looked like a golf shoe for a young man.  He wears a 10.5 & 11 depending on the shoe and these were a perfect fit for him.
B006OEY2NC Excellent product Excellent product, perfect fit, I love these pair of shoes. Nice shape and so confortable and light weight, not hot shoes.
B006OEY2NC Hey, they fit! The shoes are comfortable. Anyone with wide feet knows the hassle of finding shoes, golf shoes especially. These actually fit. The toe box could be a bit wider but then they would lose some traction on damp courses. I had to up them from a 4 star to a 5 star because they came in S.F. Giants colors--perfect!
B006OEY2NC Great shoes and service The shoes fit great and the package came on time. I would recommend these shoes to every golfer. I live to tennis shoe feel for walking on the course and on pavement.
B006OEY2NC GREAT GOLF SHOES...! At last. I found a very comfortable golf shoes, pretty nice and fashion. I gonna buy in white pair. Thakns.
B006OEY2NC Good golf shoe The shoes are great. They grip well, comfortable, and have lots of appeal.Several people have asked me if they are golf shoes and have inquired aboutgetting a pair. Great pair of shoes at a great price.J
B006OEY2NC Very comfortable for walking the golf course These shoes are very comfortable for walking the golf course.  They are also waterproof, low profile and look very good.
B006OEY2NC A Very Solid Golf Shoe I have now played a few rounds of golf with these shoes and am very happy with the purchase. Shoes are very comfortable. I never have to think about my shoes/feet during a round of golf, so these shoes are doing their job and doing it quite well.
B006OEY2NC PUMA Faas Grip I have played once since I got my new PUMA golf shoes and they were very comfortable and easy on the walking.  I really liked them and hope to enjoy them for the upcoming golf season in 2014.
B006OEY2NC golf shoes was looking for a spare pair of golf shoes and these should work just fine. like any shoes little tight to start but as I wear them they will loosen up.
B006OEY2NC Puma golf Shoes I don't golf so this was an adventure for me.  My husband needed a new pair of golf shoes.  I took a big chance and he loves them.  He wore them  and the first time out in them he had the best score he has ever had!  Good shoe, good golf game.  One happy golfer..
B006OEY2NC great looking shoes shoes fit comfortably and will try on the field over the weekend - so far so goodthey do look good
B006OEY2NC Puma Men's Faas grip golf shoe My husband tested the shoes on the golf course during a Florida rainstorm. The shoes were comfortable and dry inside. A good buy.
B006OEY2NC Not too good in the snow. I am looking forward to using these spikeless shoes as soon as the weather warms. Snow severely limits my distance and these shoes are not tall enough to keep the flakes out - oh. maybe I am the flake; who knows. It is a bonus that dealing with two pair of shoes at the course in a non-issue.
B006OEY2NC Great Golf/Walking shoes Perfect Golf Shoes - Great for walking, very good grip, Very comfortable compared to regular Spikes ones.Size fits perfect.
B006OEY2NC Excellent Wore these for the first time today.  I always walk when golfing and had worn tennis shoes in the past for comfort.  These shoes are just as comfortable and there was no break in period.  Highly recommend!
B006OEY2NC Comfortable & Nice Looking Have worn these shoes for 4 rounds. They were comfortable out of the box. They do have a high back and I got a small blister on one ankle because my socks were too small to cover that area. No problems with my feet. This is the first golf shoe I have owned that did not have some kind of spike so I was concerned about the grip. It has not been an issue. In fact, in the rough, these shoes grip better than my traditional golf shoes with plastic spikes. I have also seen golf shoes with this type of sole that I thought were flat out ugly. These shoes I think are attractive and look like a golf shoe. I am extremely pleased with the shoe and consider it a good value for the price.
B006OEY2NC golf shoes I own several pairs of Echo and FootJoy by far this shoe the most comfortable ever right from the first wear
B006OEY2NC Really Comfortable, Really White Golf Shoes! Got these new shoes as my old golf shoes were falling apart.  Was looking forward to going spikeless.  Shoes were delivered two days ahead of estimated date.  Wore them around the house for the next two evenings.  Played a round of golf in them on the third day.  Extremely comfortable!  Good purchase.
B006OEY2NC Puma Golf shoes I liked the color they corrdinate with my cart and bag. They're comfortable.  I like the sole design good grip.  I would recommend this to others.
B006OEY2NC this is the best golf shoe I have ever worn I usually look for sneaker like golf shoes because I walk all the time but of those none has fit as comfortable as these. Usually Puma run way too narrow for my big feet but they make their golf shoes in E extra width sizes??? I always like the style of Puma but can never wear them. The soft spikes grip very well, as good as regular shoes but when I played golf with a kid the other day that hits the ball 300 yards with untied skateboard shoes it makes me question the validity of golf shoes in general. Very comfortable and supportive, they only took one round to break in for me and they were still more comfortable than any golf shoe I have worn.
B006OEY2NC Nice Golf Shoes My husband says these shoes fit perfect. They are comfortable and look good. He walks a lot when golfing and these shoes have good grip and seem to be well made. He expects that from Puma. The shoe strings are somewhat spongy (stretchy) so he's going to get a pair of regular cotton laces.
B006OEY2NC Best shoes out there These golf shoes are great!  The nubbies on the soles grip well while protecting the greens.  A must have for any golfer, at any level.  I'm seriously considering a second pair!
B006OEZTU2 Golf will never be the same The Puma's Faas Trac golf shoes are stylish, they go great with my lime green TaylorMade RBZ; however the key component is the comfort and spike placement.  So, I only hope I play as good as the shoes look and feel.Highly recommend -
B006OFK01E Comfortable and look great These are most comfortable golf shoes I have ever owned.  I like the style and color as well.  Would highly recommend.
B006OFK01E Very comfortable golf shoe. I bought these shoes to golf in the winter months in the Bay Area. They provide enough coverage and are very comfortable. Run to true size. A winner!
B006OG0FA4 grat shoes Nice shoes, my girlfriend love it, It have high quality it is how expected this shoes are recomended for amateurs golf people
B006OG0FA4 Wifes Shoes She loves the look of the shoes (have not played in them yet), however they were a little more snug than expected at the center of the shoe.
B006OG0FA4 Review Best and most comfortable golf shoes I have ever owned.  Been playing golf for forty years.  Have them in black and white.  Get a lost of compliments and questions on who makes these shoes.
B006OG0FA4 Golf shoes Shoes look very nice ,very comfortable and true to size!&#128512;the color match was perfect for our new inter club shirts&#128563;
B006QNQUH2 Comfortable I've read elsewhere that these shoes run small.  I wear a 7 1/2 to an 8, so I ordered an eight.  They are a little loose. Other than that, the shoes are comfortable and look nice. I've gotten lots of compliments.
B006QO2XP4 Velcro Wears Out Fast The shoes were great at first. However, the are fastened with velcro. The velcro has weakened after three months of wear. I can not find a way to make the velcro sticky again. Am no longer wearing the shoes, since they come undone all the time while walking or driving.
B006QOI30I Love these shoes These shoes are absolutely gorgeous. I have been using for several months now and they still feel as great as the first day I bought them. They are perfect for long walks and are just stylish in general!
B006QOI4L6 Happy with these shoes Very happy as can not find shoes that fit in any of the sports shoe stores where I live, reasonable price also.Thanks.
B006QOI4L6 I highly recommend Puma sneakers. The shoes fit perfect, true to size. They look just as I expected them too, I would highly recommend them. I have received many compliments on the look. I am going to buy more.
B006QOI4L6 Love the look - the fit is a little tight. I love the look of these shoes.  They are also cushioned nice.  But along the little toe area they're a little tight.  I do not wear wide shoes so I was surprised at the fit on these.  I'm wearing them around the house to break them in to see if they get more comfortable.  But this is why I usually don't buy shoes online.  :/
B006QOIEY8 Great Built in Cushion Fit as expected just like last puma pair, I was really skeptical about this model until my order came in.My feet style - Narrow, normal archWalk Style - Pigeon ToeDifference between model 1 infinity and 2 infinity (for people who wore out there shoes can't see the name)Model 1- M2d Idecell- Soft Leather Toe Covering- Individual Cross Rubber Sole~~~~(More flex)- Mesh is breathable softModel 2- dUoCell Idecell- Hard Leather Toe Covering- Connected Rubber with a circle line pattern~~~~(Less flex)- Mesh is texture and little hardI already wore the shoe a few times and can tell these are going to be my new running shoes. I can run down hill and not worry about the tip of my toes hurting because the fit was right. Now I wear a 7.5 and I range from 7-8 through tennie shoes depending on the brands.The amount of cushion built in the sole right under my heel allows these shoes to give me the added cushion for the miles and work on my feet all day long. (Now this very important because I wear the inside soles of my shoes apart and have to buy replacements like Dr. Schols active or something else with the added cushion so that I can keep my shoes longer). The rubber in the Idcell usually takes me 2 years to go through so I went ahead and order a second pair in a different color.The cushioning amount is more noticeable in impact of exercise compared to first putting your foot in a gel sole compared in glycerin brooks. There is just more room to flex your and allow your stride the length to be more natural (more barefoot run).As I had a very hard time getting a 7.5 in the last month and had to venture on ebay. And will continue to update base on shoe mileage and length.
B006QOIEY8 Love them!!! They are so comfortable. I can always count on PUMA shoes to fit my wide feet perfectly. I have gotten several complements from my friends. I know they fall on the cheap side of the shoe spectrum but they are good sturdy shoes.
B006QOIEY8 I bought the shoes color Steel Gray I bought the shoes color Steel Gray, color of the shoes and comfort is what I wanted. The shipment arrived just in time- excellent
B006QOJ3HK Puma Voltaic 3 nm shoes I love these shoes.I am a postman and walk all day long and these are the most comfortable shoes that you can buy.
B006QOJ3HK I loved them!!! I purchased this shoes as a present for my boyfriend's birthday and he loved them, they are really comfortable and fit perfectly. He has kind of wide feet and they fit so good! besides they look amazing!
B006QOJ8PM PUMA Tazon 5 cross training shoes. Excellent Deal of the day purchase. Needed new casual but functional tennis shoes to replace my other Puma tennis shoes that I have worn out and the Tazon filled the need perfectly. Comfortable, light and durable with the distinctive PUMA style and logo to compliment the whole workout ensemble.
B006QOJ8PM great shoes! I bought these shoes for my husband and I got them a 12, and he wears a 12.5 (I thought he wore a 12).  I had to return the shoes, which was fast and easy!  I exchanged them for a soze 13 that fit him perfect....they are sharp looking pumas.  And my hubby is picky when it comes to shoes.Abslolutely happy with everything!
B006QOJ8PM Puma Tazon 5 Sneaker I love these shoes, especially the looks of them, which about beat anything on the market as of this writing.I would buy more of these shoes if there was a greater choice of sizes.  I wear size 12, and many of the Puma shoes available on the Amazon website are in smaller (sometimes larger) sizes only.  Is it possible to remedy this?
B006QOJ8PM Great looking shoes These shoes look great. I mainly got them so I could have some shoes that looked nice to go to bars in. There purpose is just for walking. Comfort I would give these a 3 out of 5,but they are light weight and a little on the narrow side. Looks I would give 5 out of 5.
B006QOJ8PM Shoes look cool I like these shoes.  There is not much of a sole if you are looking for cushioning.  But my workouts are in the gym and these shoes are great.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome shoes!!! These shoes are very very comfortable. They have a great look. The shoes were gleaming white out of the box.
B006QOJ8PM Really great & comfortable shoes Really great & comfortable shoes! Makes my power walking w/my dogs much easier on my feet. Very good support! Glad to have found & bought them!.
B006QOJ8PM Really comfortable, supportive shoe Back story:I'm middle aged, so I'm probably not the target audience for these shoes BUT I broke my foot a couple months ago and had to wear a "boot" until it was mended.I'm not great with doctor's instructions and after about a month, my foot still wasn't feeling right, but I wasn't going to wear that darned boot any more.I purchased these cross trainers intending to use them at the gym for additional support as I worked back into a workout routine.Funny thing...these shoes are so supportive and well padded that they feel better than the boot did AND I don't limp when I'm wearing them.I'm told it will likely take my foot another six months or so to get fully back to where it was and I intend to wear these sneakers as much as I can to help me do the job.Review:These PUMA's are good looking, but most importantly, they are practical, and effective.Cross trainers should be useful for a variety of athletic requirements - particularly the gym.These shoes are very supportive laterally as well as from the sole. There is good cushioning.The shoes run a bit on the small size, so you may want to order up a half or whole size from your street shoes.The quality seems to be quite good.I highly recommend these shoes.
B006QOJ8PM I LOVE Puma shoes - but they don't make EE size I love these shoes.  The shoes look great and are very good for running.  However, I have feet like a Hobbit and almost always require extra-wide shoes.  If I could get these in EE I would give them 100 stars.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes I don't run, I box/cross train, but so far these shoes have held up nicely with all of the pivoting involved in boxing. (something Nike has failed to do. The bottoms of the soles will peel.) These shoes are light and well made. So far, so good.
B006QOJ8PM cheap!!!!!!!!!!!!!! these shoes were made of plastic, i know 69.00 is not alot of money for training shoes, but plastic REALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B006QOJ8PM NICE SHOES!! I USED THESE SHOES FOR THE GYM - THERE GREAT, LIGHT, COMFORTABLE, IN OTHER SHOES I RUN IN SIZE 9 SOMETIMES 8 1/2  -- IN ALL THE PUMAS I EVER OWN IM 8 1/2 -
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes Great shoes, got them to wear at work where I am on my feet all day. Would recommend as work out shoes as well.
B006QOJ8PM Shoes These is tha besets shoes I have ever done had.  I ran my first 4 minutes mile today and am oh so happy.  Wha, wha??  If'in you buy these shoes, then you are OK.
B006QOJ8PM i love the shoes are very nice, comfortable, size is accurate, I loved the colors.thank you very much for selling shoes as good
B006QOJ8PM Too small Too busy to return them I found the shoes to tight across the top of my foot near the toe, with no way to loosen them there. The shoes feel snug when I first put them on, but after 30 minutes to an hour I want to take them off. I'll likely keep them because returning is kind of a hassle, but they don't make me happy like a shoe that fit well.
B006QOJ8PM exquisite The shoes are exactly as pictured.They are true to size but just a tiny bit tight, however, that is expected for all Puma shoes which is why I like them so much.Shipping was exactly as posted. I ordered 1 day shipping and they indeed arrived the next day. (I like that in a seller)
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable shoe for the gym and walking Spent a long time looking at options to buy through Amazon.I chose Puma because I have other Puma shoes and like the fit. the Tazon 5 did not disappoint, fitting exactly as expected, and after  wearing twice to the gym they became very comfortable on my feet.Blue Aster laces are rather bright, but I am getting used to them....I have ordered a pair of 48 inch oval black laces to tone the shoes down if I want to.
B006QOJ8PM Wonderful I really like these shoes! I normally get new balance New Balance or Adidas.  But with the lightning deal, i went for it.  I took out the factory insoles (like I always do) and bought some Dr. Scholls inserts and made my shoes even more comfortable. I highly recommend these.
B006QOJ8PM poor fit These shoes ran short and tight on my husband who I have been buying shoes for without any problem for years. They were well made and good looking but we felt if we sent them back for a larger size it would only solve the lengthy problem and the shoes would still be too snug. No more Pumas for us
B006QOJ8PM Sporty Look these shoes have a sporty look however they have poor Ankle support. If you need that then avoid. They also feel to be of a lower quality than previous Puma shoes I have purchased in the past but for the price I consider them 1 year disposables. The look is catching and I would buy again for the price.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes Thanks to all who said to order a half size up!  The shoes are good for cross training, or where a flatter sole is needed.  Happy with purchase so far.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoes, good fit, not as flexible as other Puma's I've owned one other Puma brand shoe that I paid similarly for in the store. I decided to go with this one as it was the same price, but obviously I don't pay for anything other than the cost of the item like I do in the store, making this a bit cheaper than the in-store option.The shoes look great. They're a leather or faux leather material, and visually you can tell this. My previous Puma's had a mesh-type front. Because of this difference, these are a bit inflexible and not nearly as comfortable as my previous shoes. The plus side to this is they're easier to clean, and a bit warmer on the foot in colder climates.I bought these as an alternative to dress shoes. They're a bit more colorful than a normal dress shoe, but even with the above issues they are still much more comfy than dress shoes. They're pretty darned stylish looking, too! I have received many positive comments since I've start wearing them :) All in all I still wish they had the mesh toes like my previous Puma's, but they still are pretty good shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Im happy with this purchased I'm happy with this shoes because they're fitted perfectly on me and are comfortable.Y really like the design and colors combination.
B006QOJ8PM Comfy shoes! I like these, I got them because they were a Gold Box Deal on Amazon and were cheap.  I was needing some new gym shoes.  They're really light and comfy!  I've worn them to the office two days now to check them out.  I ordered a size bigger after reading the reviews (usually a 13, got a 14), and they fit perfectly.  I have about an extra quarter inch or so in the toe.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes I love how the shoes have a cushion on the front part of the sole. The reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the cushion not being on all of the sole. Nice shoes overall for the lightning price.
B006QOJ8PM Looks fake My husband wore it once and already started to have lines on the sides of the shoes, it is the same look of the knock-off/fake shoes around...If I could just take it back to the seller I will, so that he/she could see what I'm talking about. I was dismay with the shoes!
B006QOJ8PM GREAT SHOES My son loved them , he was thrilled to find his size ( 14 ) . They are very comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM Nice looking shoes that don't fit. The shoes look great, but unfortunately they don't fit so I will be sending them back. Buy a bigger size then you normally ware.
B006QOJ8PM Very light and comfortable shoes! Pros:The shoe itself is very light compared to what I had imagined.My feet does not feel hot or stuffy when I wear these shoes.The size I ordered was accurateCon:My feet are kinda wide and the shoe opening kinda bends in a weird way when I walk, as if It will break open due to my wide feed. Maybe I just need some more time with it though I don't see how that will make it stop bending weirdlyStill for the price I paid I'm very satisfied with it
B006QOJ8PM Embarrassingly handsom shoes! Embarrassingly handsome you say? Yea, I'm the kind of person who likes to fly under the radar and don't like a lot of attention being paid to me. I bought these shoes because I've been a fan of Puma since I bought my first pair in Germany in the early 70's. They're just flat out great shoes: comfortable, supportive, light as cotton candy, and yes extremely good looking! That's the problem---for me anyway. Be prepared for tons of attention and complements! You will get noticed--and you may (or may not) like that, but I'm sure you'll love the feel of the shoes!
B006QOJDAW I choose this rating because the material of the shoes ... I choose this rating because the material of the shoes is very hard and has bruised my feet and I wear a 9 and I bought a size 9.5
B006QOK6TY Good Shoes for Zumba! I wanted to get a pair of shoes for my Zumba workouts that's cute, functional, and not too expensive. These fit my requirements, except I'm not a big fan of the metallic silver swoosh. Like the other reviewer mentioned, the outsole/platform of the shoes is designed weird that I find my feet sliding off to the sides sometimes. Or maybe because the shoes are too big? If only the shoes didn't form creases after an hour of dancing, I would've returned and got half size smaller. The bottom of the shoes have some friction at the beginning, but gets smooth over time, which allows for better sliding and gliding. Overall, these shoes are great value.
B006QOK6TY These are the  best shoes I have ever owned. My new Puma shoes give me the perfect support for my feet and are so comfortable to wear.  I recommend Puma to all my friends and co-workers.
B006QOK6TY Good fit I purchased these shoes anticipating them to be narrow fitting as most Pumas in this style are.  The fit is great for me.  I do not recommend them for anyone with wide feet or chubby toes.  I would have given five stars but in the front some stitching came loose where the toes bend and a hole developed quickly.  I purchased some shoe glue and put a drop in there, now there are fine.  The shoes being made from some suede like material seem to not like being sewn to some other fuzzy material.  For the price, I couldn't complain.  I get a lot of compliments on the cool colors.  I can work out in these shoes, run in these shoes or just wear them out on casual days.
B006QOK96Y puma Very comfortable. Bought these shoes for work and I love them. I wear them almost everyday. Definetly would recommend  to anyone that stands or walks for a long period of time.
B006QP1URU Not a fan If you have the narrowest feet in the world, these are the shoes for you! They shipped quickly and I had no issues with a return, but the shoes themselves I didn't like, they don't fit like other Puma size 9's.
B006QP1W0U Really nice looking shoes - Loved it I loved these shoes. They are comfortable and you can wear it to any go any place. The only thing I changed on it was the shoes lace. I thought it was too pink for me. So I changed to a black one and it gave another face to the shoes.Thank you.
B006QP38XY Great shoes!!! I ordered these shoes after seeing them in a store and I fell in love. the price however was a little steep and I found these online and they were outrageously cheap. I got them within 4 days and they were as comfortable as I remember. One thing I love about these shoes is that they wont crease. you see, the gray strip acts as both a design to the shoe AND a premade line. I take great care in my shoes and one day, I looked down to see if I creased them yet. I usually test my shoes and I purposely tried to crease them but upon inspection, no crease was made! I love these shoes and they look great and feel extremely comfortable! Puma definitely knew what they were doing here.
B006QP38XY amazing shoes !!! I get looks ALL the time in these shoes , the gray part looks like you have on ankle weights but your jeans cover that up (wear jeans with these !)
B006QP3CCQ My Daugther love this shoes This Shoes are beautiful, my daughter love it and she said that feel good and look great and the price is better . this shoes arrived on time.
B006QPLSZ4 Great shoes I normally have to get a EEE for some shoes I wear, but these fit fine and cause no discomfort. The style is great too, subtle enough to represent my favorite F1 team without being bright and super gaudy.
B006QPLVA6 Great shoes It fits perfect, I like the design I like the weight i got to get me a black. Go Puma!!!
B006QPN75I Love these shoes I love puma shoes I've always had big feet for my size (I'm 5'3 wearing a size 9 1/2) and everytime I buy puma shoes they always make my feel look smaller that what they are! My only problem is they may not be the most comfortable shoes ever...they could use more padding...but for the price I am still a happy customer!!
B006QPND1G Great shoes Perfect shoes for a wedding photographer.  Formal, yet stylish.  Please note that if you want these shoes, get a half size larger.
B006QQ0QWY Beautiful Beautiful shoes, excellent price...my son love this shoes and this brand, the color and the style are awesome.Arrived on time.
B006QQ0WYG Great shoes, double check sizing Fantastic shoes, great quality, look awesome, really stand out. Just double check the sizing or the might be a little small, the sizing isn't very clear. They aren't very wide.
B006QQ11H8 Beautiful shoes... Excellent design, I am very impresses with the style of this shoes...really are equal to the picture, are comfortable and light.Arrive on time.
B006QQ11IM Pumas i really like the shoes and really happy with the price, so I got my moneys worth, and the shoes were dilveired faster than I expected too. Thank you!
B006QQ129K Fun Shoes! These shoes are both pleasing to my eyes as well as my feet. I would buy this brand again as long as they are in the high top.
B006QQ14NY Beautiful Shoes! I received these shoes today, and they, by far, exceeded my expectation!  They are a beautiful color, and VERY confortable.  I was concerned about buying shoes site unseen, but WOW!  I love them!!!
B006QQ1B3W Incredibly comfortable, lightweight, low-profile, but easily scuffed I love these shoes, but I did buy them during an Alaskan winter, so I suppose I have no-one else to blame. The suede is a wonderful finish to the shoes, but attracts dirt like flies to flypaper.I tried some other Puma shoes locally to get a feel for Puma's sizing, and it does run small. I usually wear a 12, but a 13 Puma fits just right.They're soft and flexible, but the right shoe did start to fray at the top right lace loop after six wintery months.I'll be buying a replacement pair, but only as a summer shoe.
B006QQ1B3W Pretty Comfortable but ripped with 2 days of regular use I am really disappointed with this shoes. I think that was an exception and I want to rely on Puma`s quality. I received the shoes on Friday and used Friday night and Saturday. Sunday I noticed that the shoes started ripped on the left side near of the lines details from the outside.It looks really fashion and it is comfortable. For that reasons I have decided to try change for the same model and give another chance.
B006QQ1C5E Great shoes! Despite the reviews saying the shoes fit somewhat tight, I didn't really have that issue. The toe box is, indeed, narrower than a regular athletic shoe. However, it's part of the shoes' design and their intended use: driving. I think it's not that big of a deal, though. Great looking shoes.
B006QQ1C5E These shoes can take a beating. I've been wearing these shoes nearly every day for about 5 months now, and have put at least 2,000 miles on the bike with them commuting 5 days a week.  At first they were very tight, especially around the ball of the foot/toe area.  Now that I've broken them in, they fit like a glove!  So comfortable.  I like the thin sole.  If you are looking for a lot of support, or a loose fitting walking shoe, keep looking.
B006QQ1HZ4 the best This is by far the best, puma shoes I had ever bought before!!!! highly recommended this white ones a really cool.
B006QQ1HZ4 Awesome shoes! i'm loving this Puma shoes, they fit perfectly and the design is really nice too. i'll be getting the M2 soon...
B006QQ1HZ4 Amazing Comfortable, Low Price, Great shoe, glad i bought it here rather than paying $110 at the puma store, saved me $336 month update : Shoes are still in amazing condition and absolutely no tearing or bad wear on the shoes
B006QQI3ZQ Nice pair of shoes I like these shoes a lot. I was surprised when they got here they fit snug but after awhile they don't bother you at all. They're well designed and the package they came in was pretty cool. Overall good buy and would recommend for the price I paid for them.
B006QQI76Q shoes are ok one of the shoes came with a problem in the point of the shoe I am not sure if I will return it yet
B006QQI76Q Very nice shoes My hubby loves his shoes. They are perfect for cold and hot weather. Best purchase ever, they arrive quickly. The colour looks exactly how it looks online.
B006QQI76Q Great shoes for a girl or a guy :) Great shoes for a girl or a guy :) I bought these for myself (I'm a girl) and I wear these everyday to class. They are great. I did buy some protective spray and I don't wear them when it's muddy out. I like them b/c I can wear them with dressier clothes and they look good but they are still sneakers and super comfortable! I did have to buy a 1/2 size bigger than what I would normally buy. I have big feet for a girl and these make my feet look smaller, which means they are the best shoes I have ever owned!! Couldn't ask for more :)
B006VESI5I These shoes are my grandson's favorites These shoes fit great - my grandson wants to wear them everyday.  We love them.  They are perfect for school and for walking.
B006VYXJ52 Nice shoes I was looking for puma shoes and I saw does one. They are not flashy like the ones wered by ricky folder but they are pretty classy!! I did nt were it for a all 18 holes because is winter here, but i were it for a while and they are really confortable. That s the first time a will were a shoes whit so many spike.
B006VYXLHI Most stylish Golf shoes ever made Talk about getting something in the mail.....only to find out it is MUCH BETTER than you had ever imagined. Pictures do not do these shoes justice. They are fantastic. Can't walk into a Pro Shop without someone having something to say about your shoes. Oh - added bonus - they are extremely comfortable and have great traction for wet days. Win win.
B006W1DT1I Love the shoes The shoes are a perfect fit for my active two year old. They are well made, so my little one cannot take them on and off by herself.
B006WBB4D8 Better than expected I have tried on many shoes that look similar to these ballerina slip ons; but none were as comfortable as these Puma shoes. I wanted them for a trip to Europe which will require lots of walking. I put them on as soon as I got them and walked around for 3-4 hrs. in them . They are very comfortable, true to size and cute.
B006WBB4D8 Awesome shoes These shoes are so comfortable, they have very good support and are now some of my favorite shoes now.They stay comfortable even after working in them for 8 hours.
B006WBWD6A Perfect fit These shoes r so cool, very comfortable and plenty of compliments. Not tight fitting at all....I would recommend this shoe u won't regret it
B006WCN6QK Puma Martial Arts shoes Very nice shoes. Exactly what I expected at a decent price!!!! The shoes are comfortable and light easy to put on and fit like a glove.
B006WCN6QK Really nice sneakers, perfect fit Recently ordered these shoes and was really pleased with them once they arrived. It took only 3 days for them to be shipped (using the Free Shipping option) so that was a definite plus. This was the first time i ordered sneakers over the internet so I was a bit worried that they wouldn't fit or would look a lot different than the pictures online. Also my first time buying Pumas. I was very happy because these shoes fit perfect (I mean like a glove) and look exactly like the photos. The Velcro straps seem to make the shoes fit better on your feet. They are also very comfortable to walk in. Only had them a few days but so far I am VERY happy with the product. 5 stars for sure!
B006WCN6QK Awesome these shoes are awesome i wore them yesterday for the first time and everyone wants to know where i got them  the fit is right easy to clean looks and feels good  these are my new shoes to go here and there
B006WDOIEI Those are a great looking pair of shoes The shoes look great. The back of the shoe above the ankle is a bit high and the first couple of times wearing them felt weird and a bit uncomfortable around the ankles. I'm still breaking them in, so maybe that issue is attributed to the shoes being new. They're comfortable in the front and there is a lot of cushioning.
B006WEI3BQ Comfortable, light shoe I initially bought these shoes to wear for exercising, however once I received them and tried them on, I wear them all the time now! The fit is true to size, I have very wide feet, and bunions, which are incredibly painful in certain shoes. They don't hurt me at all in these! No pinching! The fabric is very breathable, and cleans easy. My only problem with them was when I received them I was expecting a slightly heavier shoe. It has a foam-like sole, and if you've never had any shoes with a similar sole, it takes a little getting used to. Otherwise, quality product from Puma!
B006Z66MTQ Dont Be Fooled!! I do parkour and martial arts, these shoes are great for both as they have a pretty good amount of grip and inner padding, the mesh holds up extremely well and makes the shoes breathable.
B0071BVJ10 Very cool shoes If you want shoes that are very sleek and stylish, comfortable, eye-catching, unique and different than what most people are wearing, and very cool like something a formula one race car driver, a super spy, or perhaps a ninja would wear, then get these babies. I love mine. And a pair of shoes with this kind of quality and style for this price (currently 65 bucks on sale!) its a no-brainer. I have worn pumas before and anyone who has worn pumas know they always run small. Buy them at least a half size to a size larger than you normally wear. And as a few have mentioned they are a tiny bit narrow (they're very form-fitting overall) , but they fit me fine. Unless you have exceptionally wide feet or maybe bunions you shouldn't have a problem. The seller also included with my shoes a free Nike sport armband for the iPod nano...which would be okay except I haven't used an iPod nano (first generation nano at that) in years. Thanks anyway. Still love the shoes.
B0071BVJ10 these shoes are way too cool they are comfortable which is the most important for mefit well , in puma, im always a size up , which is a 10 1/2 regularly im a 9 1/2they are good in the when it rains and for the cold too . the price was great toothe only thing the shoes arent black , they are more like  a solid gray , which is till pretty nice
B0071BVJ10 Cool Pair of Shoes! They're a replica of MAMGP F1's 2013 racing shoes, and at sixty five bucks, they're a steal! Thing with these (like most Puma shoes) is that you should order a size bigger than you'd usually wear. They're quite snug so if your foot is wide, I'd suggest you think twice because they might be too tight. And the seller also threw in a Nike+ iPod Nano arm band. I welcome freebies, especially those that just might be used :)
B0071BVJ10 Nice Shoes & Fast Delivery! Happy to find these in my size. The only concern was the posting showed the shoes as being black; however, when received, the shoes were gray (that's why rated 4 stars).
B0071BW9KK Love these shoes! My new favorite pair of shoes. Looks good, feels good, I never want to take them off!If you like Puma shoes, You'll like these!
B0071BW9KK No traction, not too comfy. This shoes have absolutley no traction to them, and they back cuts into the back of my foot and gave me blisters the first two times I wore them. Not crazy about these shoes.
B0071BW9KK Runs small I normally buy a 9 in open toe shoes or they are too big and a 9.5 in closed toe shoes or my big toe touches the end.  I ordered the 9.5, as I normally do, but they just barely fit.  Other than that, the shoes are fine and a good buy at the sale price.  I will pass them on to one of my girls rather than return them.  I do not feel that they would be suitable for any kind of a workout but will fine to wear to school or running errands.
B0071BW9KK Uncomfortable shoes! It cuts into ankle and gives me blisters. I bought this shoes for my ZUMBA class but cannot wear more than 5 minutes. It needs to go back.
B0071EAEFO Great Shoes These shoes are great.  Light weight and comfortable, the make great soccer or workout shoes.  I ordered a second pair I liked them so much.
B0071EAEFO Good Shoes Nice shoes, They fit comfortably. I enjoy the look, but they are also quite functional as shoes. Overall good for the turf or street
B0071F0IN6 Great Shoes I ordered my normal size for these shoes not knowing if they would be bigger or smaller. I tried them on with my soccer socks and they fit really well. They fit my feet more snug than normal shoes but I would expect that's what you want out of a soccer cleat. First time wearing them I only had one spot on the inside of my left ankle get raw from the shoe rubbing against my skin. Other than that these are a great pair of cleats and they arrived at my door on the day expected.
B0071F1H9A perfect fit this pair of shoes is very comfortable sport and looks great, I love puma shoes because hi have all of these qualities
B0071QJ2PK Love it I got these shoes for my daughter. This was the first time I brought shoes online and I was very pleased with what I got. She loves her shoes.
B0071RGGYY The best infant shoes! I loved these shoes and would recommend them to anyone with an infant or toddler that curls their toes up whenever you try to put shoes on them. One note, once my son figured out how to undo the velcro, the shoes didn't stay on long. They also aren't very good for walking outside, as the bottoms are very, very soft. Great fro those crawling or just learning to walk.
B00721FXXE Puma Fast Cat V Kids Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),White and Purple I bought these shoes for my 5 year old granddaughter, and they are the correct size.  However, she says the shoes pinch and I haven't seen her wearing them.  I'm thinking it's something about the design that causes the shoes to pinch.
B00721GPCW Puma drift cat 4 shoes black! Fit great! We love these shoes for our son. They are true to size and fit perfect! We bought the black colored ones.
B00721GPCW Great shoe for infant/toddler I love Puma shoes because of how lightweight and easy to wear they are.  These shoes did not disappoint.  I bought these for my 1-year-old and they fit true to size.  They are also not too flimsy and not too bulky.  The single strap across makes it easy to put on and take off.  Also, the thicker velcro strap makes it more difficult for him to take his own shoes off (a problem I had with his previous shoes that he constantly liked to remove).  A really good buy!
B00727EVWM Great Shoes My daughter loves these shoes. We were excited to find a pair like she had when she was first learning to walk. Only difference they were soft soled. These are awesome and now she takes her shoes off and puts them on all by herself.
B00727EVWM Fast Shipping I was very satisfied with this order. However my son had skater shoes which seem to run a little larger, so the shoes were a little smaller than expected.
B0073FQRHA Mens pumas I ordered these mens pumas for my fianc&eacute;. He has not yet worn them due to the fact he is not currently home but I sent him a picture and he loved the look of them. I was a little concerned about the material of them because they almost feel like swimming shoes but started thinking they will be good for in the summer time as mens feet tend to sweat and they will be able to breathe better than in most shoes. The shoes are way to big for me but I put them on and they do have a comfortable feel to them. My reason for a 4 star rating is because I just don't yet know the overall quality of them since they haven't been broken in yet.
B0073FRPX0 Excellent I was excited to see this shoe come out and it hasn't disapointed. I have an old pair of Puma running shoes that are about 7 years old and, while they are worn out, are still the most comfortable I have ever had. This shoe is just as comfortable and my feet are loving it. Now, I am a big guy (6'2" and 205 lbs.) and shoes are different for everybody, depending on your feet, but the only shoes I would put up there with Puma for comfort for me are Brooks.The only problem I've had with Puma is finding one that isn't ugly.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes. Fit perfectly.  Super fast shipping!! Great shoes. Fit perfectly.  My son loves them. Shipped and received extremely fast!! I love that the spikes came unattached from the shoes and came with the attachment tool.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes Very happy with the out come. I would buy this shoe again. The size 14 shoes is very hard to find.
B0073GAUC2 puma shoes I love these shoes, they are like walking with nothing on they are so light weight and the air flows through to keep my feet cool.
B0073IO2VK Perfect for Me I've had them for a little over the week and already they're one of my favorite shoes in my wardrobe. They are very comfortable and attractive shoes and for the price they were a steal. I typically wear a size 6 and these shoes fit true to size. It should be said that I am not a serious runner and the most physical activity they see are marching band practices, but for my purposes they work perfectly and I am incredibly happy with the purchase.
B0073IO2VK Great runners These shoes are comfortable, light and effective in controlling pronation, as well as being stylish kicks in their own right. Would highly recommend them to anyone!
B0073IO2VK Very light shoes These shoes are so comfortable to exercise in.  I will order half a size larger next time, but overall these are great shoes.
B0073IO2VK Comfortable shoe! When I tried these Puma shoes on, I was shocked at how comfortable they were. I felt like with each step I took, I was walking in soft sand. Very comfortable footwear and I recommend them. The price was right, too and I paid under $50 for them on Amazon.
B0073IO2VK My favorite work-out shoes ever!! I have slightly wide, medium to high arched feet. These shoes feel amazing. However, I am not a runner. I wear for walking and Zuma.However, when I did run after the ice cream truck, they got the job done!
B0073IR6PE Puma I love these shoes. The price was right on the spot. The color is very nice. The style is the best I've seen in a long time and recommend that you buy these shoes.
B0073IR6PE Recomended I have to say these shoes are more than I was expecting, comfort, reliability and fashion all in one pair of shoes, I'm happy with them.
B0073IR6PE Loved wearing them, but in my opinion the design is flawed, EXTREMELY hard to put on, but amazing to wear. I loved how they feel, and are super light as well as stylish, but I returned them because quite simply they will frustrate you to no end the moment you are attempting to put them on. You will plan your day according to that frustration. You will put them on and go out of your house all day. Come back and once you take the shoes off, you will not leave the house again wearing those shoes. But if you do plan your schedule 10 minutes ahead just knowing you will be screaming at the shoes and squishing your finger trying to guide your shoe on. Either that or my feet are super fat I don't know.
B0073IR6PE Outstanding! I bought this shoes for my husband and at first look they look a little heavy but once my husband wore them he said that they are light to wear and the fit is perfect from the sides as he has issues with shoes that must of them fit tight from the toes. ...not this one! great item to buy.  Thanks.
B0073IRJOW I have the shoes and everything about delivering is fine. There is only so I'm not happy and is that one of the shoes on the sid I have the shoes and everything about delivering is fine. There is only so I'm not happy and is that one of the shoes on the side handles to tighten the foot is broken without sewing. If you have any questions for me, I have photos if you want me to send you whenever you receive this message I took those pictures before wearing them, but I can't use the shoes because they not good! :/
B0073IRJOW Notmally I use 10. In this shoes I took ... Notmally I use 10. In this shoes I took 10.5 and it stil too small for me. I am very disapointed.
B0073ITVP2 perfect shoes I order this shoes to walk, and to go to the gym, they're confortable shoes, the zise is perfect. i have nothing bad to say about those
B0073ITVP2 True to Size Hello Everyone!I ordered a size 10 pair of these awesome Pumas and they fit true to the U.S. size 10 that I universally wear. These shoes are very light on your feet and look very sleek; you will feel like a Puma. You are going turn more heads than you expect when you put these on. I would suggest this product to anyone sitting on the fence about it. I would take special care to ensure you do not break the backs of the shoes by not untying them before you put them on. I have not had any issues with blistering on my heels like I normally do with new running shoes. Overall, a great product for a steal of a price.I hope I provided an unbiased and helpful review. Good luck shopping and as always, have a great day.-CollegeGuy
B0073ITVP2 Comfortable. These shoes are very comfortable and flexible.They're very good run for its great flexibility. They also allow a shift very smoothly.
B0073ITVP2 Puma! These shoes are so light and comfortable. Size runs true. I wear a 12 dress shoe and a size 12 puma. If u have to wear different shoes for work then you put these on it feels crazy. Great shoes, puma is the best!
B0073ITVP2 sweet shoes These shoes exceeded expectations. They are like wearing socks with soles! Great cushoning cool design just an all around great purchase for about $40
B0073ITVP2 Love these shoes These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I injured my foot and these were the only shoes I could wear without intense pain. Very comforting.
B0073ITVP2 Light weight Bought these shoes for outdoor sport, cause I needed something light and comfortable. I will definitely recommend these shoes to others.
B0073ITVP2 Great shoes The first time i wear it, it's as comfortable as a pair of old shoes. It's lighter and more comfortable than i expected,
B0073ITVP2 comfortable So far i used this tennis shoes for a month they feel so lite and comfortable and they durable they still look like new
B0073IUO62 Finally found shoes without mesh! Most tennis shoes today are made out of mostly mesh which is not good for me going to college in a town when rain is very commonplace. My last pair of shoes were Pumas as well and I really liked the shoe. So after looking around for weeks and coming up empty handed I gave in and started searching the internet. I found these shoes and was a bit skeptical at first on purchasing them without being able to try them on, but everything worked out well. They fit great and keep my feet dry when walking through all those puddles.
B0073IW118 Nice looking shoes These shoes look really good.  When I use them for actual exercise, though, they hurt my feet on the outside bottom of my foot.  I think there is a lack of arch support.
B0073XDY6Y Perfect Casual Flats! I'm use to flats not having much support so I didn't think these shoes would be any different. When I got them and tried them on I was so surprised about how comfortable they were!I absolutely love these shoes! Cute, casual, and comfortable!These shoes are also good quality shoes.
B0073XEDDC Wish they had my size I love these shoes.  Just the right mix of cute ballet flat and sneaker.  I am between a 7.5 and 8 in Puma shoes and I needed an 8 in these, but when I returned the 7.5 the 8s were sold out.  If your achilles is sensitive these shoes may rub the back of your heel.
B0073XIITC Will get them over and over I will be buying these shoes in bulk. I work on my feet sometimes 12 hours a day PLUS have 5 kids and a house to take care of. These shoes are so comfortable and easy to wear all day. I have bad feet and bunions and these shoes made them feel much better! Easy to clean and no mesh for my toes to break through! Love em!
B0073XIITC Hard and unyielding shoes! I am soooo disappointed.  After the reviews I read, I expected comfortable shoes.  These are hard and unyielding.  Maybe they need a break-in period but I'm not willing to risk it.  I would not recommend these shoes to anyone.
B0073XIITC highly recommend I love these sneakers. I had 2 ankle surgeries and was told sneakers would be hard to wear due to tenderness of ankle. These shoes are amazing comfy as hell!!!! If you are on your feet or going to gym these are the shoes you need!!!!!!
B0073XIITC Really nice shoes I love these shoes. They look great, they feel great. I love puma shoes in general and these are probably the most comfortable so far that I have had. I listened to everyones recommendation to go up 1/2 of a size, so instead of geting an 81/2 I got a size 9. When it came, I looked at the shoe and thought no way is that big thing gonna fit my foot. But it did! Perfectly too. It even a bit snug and I was almost worried but after 15-30 mins of walking in them, they formed to my foot a bit better and felt awesome. I would def. recommend these shoes to anyone, and YES go UP 1/2 of a size!
B0073XIITC Great shoes! These shoes are amazing!! As a nurse finding shoes that you can work 12+ hour day it is hard to find shoes that are comfortable. These shoes have worked wonders for me. I recommend them to anyone!!
B0073XIITC Its so uncomfortable I really really hate these shoes, so uncomfortable, too small. Doesn't feel like you can run anywhere with these on.
B0073XIITC Awesome Shoes and Perfect Fit I was worried a little after reading the reviews about the sizing of these shoes, but if anyone knows Puma's, they are a thinner shoe. I could see how this would confuse some into believing the shoe was too small, when in fact it is just too skinny for some. I love Puma's though and the fit. Beautiful Shoes.
B0073XIITC love these shoes I reviewed comments and saw these shoes run a little big, I wear a 9 so I got a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect!!!
B0073XIITC Very comfy It is true that these shoes run a half-size too small.  I wear a size 8 and ordered an 8.5 which fit nicely.  At first the shoe feels stiff, but the material quickly molds to your foot.  I have been wearing my pair at school and after work to walk my dogs.  The shoes do not smell at all. The reddish desert terrain has stained these shoes a faint reddish-brown.Because of the thin sole, I would not recommend these for long day hikes or long road walking; they will wear down fast.  The white also dirties fast, but these shoes can be tossed into the washing machine and come out looking near-new.  (Just don't place them in the dryer!)
B0073XIITC Love Puma Shoes These shoes are super comfortable.  I have tried other name brand shoes for years and finally seen a pair of puma's I loved and they are all I have bought since then.
B0073XIITC Great Shoes These shoes are a great pair of shoes. They were a little small but I've gotten them worn in so now they are great. They are comfortable and great shoes to wear when you are up and running around all day.
B0073XIITC Great Work Out Shoes Wife was looking for Cross Training shoes for home workouts with good support. Helps that the shoes look great and fit well. I would buy them again.
B0073XIITC Cool and Comfy Get lots of compliments on these shoes, they're good looking, and comfortable.
B0073XIITC I love these Shoes I love these shoes. they are so comfortable. I have worn them almost everyday since i recived them last week. My feet do not hurt and my knees dont hurt, which in almost all shoes i have one of the two issues accure. I will buy these shoes from know on.
B0073XIITC Great supportive shoe. 5 stars I've been trying my share of women's athletic shoes this year and every year. This one is tops. The support the comfort is superb. I really love the colors and the big bonus is the classic look they have. I have had extreme injuries and these are the best shoes for me I have found to date. Just look at those clean lines. Just step inside them. You'll see. They are wonderful.
B0073XIITC I love them, but.... These shoes look awesome, but the man-made materials just do not look like they are going to last.  After wearing them a few times, they are starting to crack.
B0073XIITC great shoes and comfortable pleased with these. thank you
B0073XIITC Love these shoes! Perfect fit. I get tons of compliments on these shoes.  Shipping and packaging was great. I recommend these to anyone considering buying these shoes. As a Puma fan, I feel like they have stepped up their game on their shoes as far as comfort is concerned.
B0073XIITC Poorly Made I bought these shoes less than a month ago and they're already ripped in TWO spots. The shoes are adorable, but they just don't hold up.
B0073XIITC Puma Received my shoes promptly before estimated delivery date. Shoes run true to size I think but the sole seems really thin on toe of shoe I hope they hold up for a while but kind if doubt look cheap made
B0073XIITC too small Awesome design, comfortable, highly recommend well ventilated if you are about to choose this shoes do it! you wouldn't regret it
B0073XIITC Awesome shoes! I love these shoes I am a massage therapist and I needed some sneakers and someone recommended puma so I bought these to try and they are very comfortable and they fit awesome! I am a size 9 1/2 and that's what I ordered and they are perfect! Definitely recommend them!
B0073XIITC Wonderful fit! I often have trouble finding shoes that fit so I previously avoided buying on line. I took a chance and found functional, good looking shoes that fit perfectly! I work in a hospital and after a 12 hour shift my feet still feel good; lots of support and comfort. I've gotten dozens of compliments on the look of the shoes, too.
B0073XIITC very beautiful the shoes The package was correct and just shipped, safe and perfect, the package arrived in good condition and in perfect condition. Filled my expectations, the very beautiful shoes, comfortable and soft.
B0073XIITC New Tennis Shoes I ordered these because I needed some new shoes that weren't stained up from mowing the lawn! These fit just as I had expected and look pretty awesome too!
B0073XIITC LOOK GREAT! I love way these shoes look. I bought them for work. Unfortunately, they are not the most comfortable shoes for 12 hour shifts, but they work to switch on/off with other shoes. They are very easy to clean. I've already received lots of complements :)
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Tazon 5 I absolutely love these shoes!  They are the coolest color and super super comfortable!  I walk alot at work and these are the perfect shoes that support my knees and back!
B0073XIITC GREAT FIT! These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes i have tried.  They fit true to size and the color is awesome. I would buy this style again and recommend to other active people looking for comfort.
B0073XIITC Great shoes Not only are they comfortable, but they are very stylish. They are also true to size. I highly recommend them.
B0073XIITC Gift for my daughter!  She loved it! My daughter had been wanting a pair of Puma's for quite a while, but they have become difficult to find.  Was thrilled when these became available, just the color combination that she wanted.  They arrived quickly and were packaged nicely.  The fit was true, she normally wears a 7 in tennis shoes and slightly smaller in dress shoes.  The size 7 fit her perfectly and they look really nice.
B0073XIITC Nice Shoes I really like the shoes but as some other people have said in their reviews, my heel slips up and down when I wore them.  I think I am going to have to return them even though I really like them.  If I used thicker socks then they would be too small.
B0073XIITC great shoes I absolutely love these shoes. They look exactly like the image and fit as described. They are very comfortable. I recieved them right away and the packaging was appropriate. They were not damaged at all. Very satisfied with this purchase.
B0073XIM5W Returning to Pumas was a good choice My favorite brand of shoes, and my first shoes to buy in a couple years. I am ecstatic about them! They are a perfect fit, they feel great to wear all day, and they are super adorable.
B0073XIM5W So mad! So I wanted the white and green shoes shown in the picture, but I got these grey and green shoes. I'm extremely pissed. I called Amazon and after talking to a woman who couldn't really speak English, I had to repeat myself 5 time to get her to understand the shoes in the picture are not the shoes I got, finally she seemed to understand, come to find out they don't have the shoes in the picture.
B0075KKHVU Shoes a big upgrade over previous shoes. I purchased these for my son who plays on our high school soccer team.  He was thrilled (He picked them out.) with them.  He said he hadn't realized how poorly his previous shoes had been until he got the new ones.  He has better traction on the field and feels that he has a better kick now.  One problem is that there is a small bump on the inside of the heel on one shoe.  THat has resulted in a sore place on his heel.  We expect that to clear up and  callous there, tho.'  Overall, they are great shoes!
B00772NHWW Recommended Excelent soccer shoes, whites and elegants, it's a great shoes for play soccer, very good, i recommend this shoes :)
B0077BWNFA Smart shoes with poor fitting Shoes look very nice, but the fitting is poor - they are too tight for the forefoot. Comfort compromised for style.
B0077BXRKK What a nice shoes When you determine to purchase this shoes, consider to go lager.I think that this shoes runs small about 5~10mm.and extremely comfortable, light and colorful.However, it looks like somewhat filmsy.
B0077C0KYA Amazing shoe! I always enjoy puma sneakers. Always comfortable, long lasting and feels great on the foot. These shoes fit me true to size, and are very unique and different. I get great compliments anytime I wear these shoes, wether I'm dressing sporty or with a nice day to day outfit, and amazon's price is unbeatable!
B0077C1BN4 Retro Feeling I bought these shoes to get in touch with my inner teen. The shoes fit great love the feel of the suede, and really dig the color combination.I would recommend this style.
B0077C1BN4 BBOY SHOES! I bought the blaze red/grey&black.; The shoe fit perfect and it came with 2 laces (fat&skinny;). Good qaulity suede, I did notice a few loose stitches but I easily cut them off. Packaged and ship by amazon directly. Came very well protectect and new. Super comfortable and light shoes. Perfect for casual walking, looks, and of course, BBOYING! Haha. Will look foward to order again!Note: I would recommend buying shoe water/stain resistant spray protection, because suede shoes are pretty hard to clean and you want them to look good and last as long as possible. PEACE!-Bboy kob
B0077CLH3I Great shoes, a little tight on the sides. AS the tittle says, the shoes are great but a little small on the width. Other than that, good shoes.
B0077CLM2E Like I like this brand and recomend you for all your products, shoes, sportwear, etc. It a shoes confortable and nice.
B0077CLM2E Sick These shoes are pretty sick. Look cool and is one of the most comfortable shoes I have worn due to the amazingly comfy insole.
B0077CLM2E Puma Baby!!! Love the shoes!!! I love the streamlined look to them, and they fit very comfortably. This was the first pair of shoes I've ever ordered on line and now it's the only way I'll shop for shoes!!
B0077CLM2E These are dude shoes Even though the color says princess blue, these are men's shoes. The first number in the size chart is mens.  These shoes are lightweight, flexible, lots of cushion, and comfortable.  Puma shoes have come a long way since the ones I had in high school.
B0077CZ5UO Great shoes! I like em. Use your money and purchase a pair.These shoes fit my feet great! My stupid lonely feet.I think whatever material the fronty bit is made of won't like, you know, last forever... but whatever the shoe looks cool enough.Shut up and buy it already!
B007ER7SDE FANTASTIC Shoes When i received these i was quite amazed. They're very solid shoes and  and they have a sexy look. I break a ton and these are awesome, they provide good traction and they're extremely light for my size (Size 11). I'd highly recommend to buy.
B007IJ3DRI great looking  shoes. very  uncomfortable to  wear,,,, i  love the look  how ever  you can't  wear it for a whole day  ,  way to uncomfortable
B007IW7LLE Puma shoes I fell in love with these shoes the moment I put them on. I think they run very true to size. Nice walking shoe with a sleeker look.
B007IWKBK2 I love it!!! The shoes have all the features described, my sister loved them. She would look great and are really beautiful. The shoes are comfortable and lightweight.
B007IXCZZU Cute but no cigar!!! These shoes are the strangest fitting shoes I have ever come across! The heel is weird!! And, your foot, while inside the shoe is unlevel. UGH... returned immediately. I read the reviews and wished I had listened. I just loved the way they looked. : (
B007J4AP0A Amazing shoes for a great price!!! Got hooked for the price but they were as nice as they seemed on the pictures. Fit perfectly, very comfortable shoes. Arrived quite fast as well.
B007J4B1QM Comfy shoes It's hard to review shoes, either they fit or don't or either they are comfortable or aren't. These shoes got two thumbs up. Fit well and look great. creative idea using jersey material, goes with a number of styles. Jean or yoga gear they look great.
B007J58WA4 Great Shoes I just love the Puma El Rey Shoes. I already own a few pairs, but they are canvas, so, I bought this pair because they are perforated leather and they are blue and black which is difficult to find in Canada. The shoes are very comfortable and well designed, fit perfectly and were a very reasonable price.
B007J5A6OE awesome I love these shoes. I am a big fan of Puma. I have sneakers of this brand too. Puma fits me perfect so i was looking for a pair of shoes that I can wear in snow too. These shoes are really comfortable and ultra light compared to other winter boots.
B007J5AFKO Awesome shoes Got these shoes yesterday afternoon and wore them to a party. I tried them on as soon as I got them and they fit perfectly, the design is great and they are very comfortable. I will recommend to anyone who wants to buy them, they are worn the price mentioned.
B007JAN1I2 A gift for my brother I bought these shoes because my brother wanted them so bad. He says that these shoes arfe so confortable and he is very happy with them.
B007JAN4FM Very cool, funky shoes These are great shoes.  they fit like all Pumas, which is very fitted but comfy.  these are a little hot to wear when the weather is hot though, they don't breath very well.  I wear them about every second day and they seem to be holding up really well.
B007JASSKI Don't buy The shoes are mislabeled they are not D(m) width as advertised. As soon as I opened the box I knew they were wrong. Puma makes great shoes, but pick a different style
B007JASSYO comfy One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! Wore them all day on christmas when I could of took them off. Plus a lot if comments on how cool they look!
B007JAT2EY Love Puma Shoes After finding out that all Puma shoes run small, sized up and they F I T perfectly.  Great Shoe, good quality
B007JAT2EY There's something to be said about paying more for shoes The shoes were quite inexpensive.  I have size 14 feet and it's quite hard to find shoes and brick and mortar stores.  Unfortunately, the shoes, while looking pretty rad, are really tight around the toes.  The material used to make the shoes feels less than durable as well.Shipping was fast, price was spot on and style was a bonus.Quality of shoe was a downer and fit on my foot is frustrating.
B007JAT2EY Shoes My husband loves these shoes.  He does have skinny feet so they fit great and look nice on him, just cant get them dirty.
B007JAT2EY Great shoes Great shoes, only the thing with Puma shoes (My 5th Puma shoes) is different sizes. I am 8.5 and these shoes are 10. they fit almost perfectly, it's a bit tight.
B007MAYD2C LOVE these shoes I'm a big fan of these shoes.  They arrived quickly, fit perfectly, she can walk in them  + I get compliments on her "style" often.I
B007MC1CHE Look nice but NOT meant for kids I bought these for my very active toddler. He has average, medium sized feet.  These shoes have no arch support, and almost immediately he complained that they hurt his feet.  I didn't want to waste my money so I tried to get him to keep wearing them, but after a solid few weeks of daily complaints, I had to get rid of them and buy new gym shoes anyway. From now on, I'll stick with Stride Rite or Saucony.
B007MF7IRY Terrific Shoes I love these shoes. They fit perfectly, they look really sharp, and they feel great to wear. I have slightly narrow feet and a high instep/arch, and these shoes fit me like a glove. There is a perfect amount of arch support (which I was not expecting from these shoes), and the asymmetrical lacing provides evenly distributed pressure across the instep which makes the shoes feel more like socks. These are possibly the best pair of sneakers that I have ever bought.
B007MF7IRY awesome design the shoes fit perfectly. it is very comfortable and light. they look very nice with jeans and also with my athletic pants. I like them so much I order same shoes but on black. What else can I say? This are worth the price.
B007NQC2OQ Love the shoes Awesome shoes! Very comfortable and feminine which is what I've been looking for. Thank You very much. OK. I'm done.
B007NQC2OQ lovely shoes Puma has been my favorite brand for many years. The shoes are light-weight, and flexible sole makes my walking comfortable.
B007PK5T0Y order 1/2 size up & you'll love I read the other reviews and followed the advice to get 1/2 size bigger. That was perfect for me. As far as people saying they are narrow - well maybe they are, but for me that means snug and supportive, not uncomfortable. Just don't get if you have wide feet. I did not get these to use the spikes at all. Fortunately they are detachable and the shoes are very normal without them. I got the shoes to walk around all day at work in. Sometimes when I have bad shoes I have arch pain, so I wore these every day for two weeks before posting this review. The answer is, for me, there is NO pain with these shoes. Bonus features is they are super lightweight, totally breathable, and even cuter in real life. I already bought a second pair for when I wear them out, because the price is completely wonderful. In face it was such a good price and not available through Amazon Prime, so i was very suspicious. But the product arrived quickly and without issue. I couldn't be happier!
B007PK5T0Y great pick! I bought these shoes for work. I know that they are running shoes that's why I bought them. I'm on my feet all day and I needed a pair of shoes that can hold up too that type of abuse. At this price you can not go wrong. they did hurt my feet at first breaking them in but that lasted only a few days, very form fitting and supportive.
B007PK5T0Y Better order "HUGE" This is the time of year for great bargains online at Amazon.  I've probably bought two dozen pairs of shoes on Amazon over the years, and they have always fit perfectly.  Now these shoes are the exception.  I cannot believe how TINY they are.  It says on the box that they are size 9.5 (I ordered larger after reading reviews).  However, I took a good look and never even tried to get a toe in them.They look like they might fit an eight year-old child.  Never seen such itty-bitty adult shoes.  Since they were so cheap to begin with, I'm not going to bother to return them.  I'll just hand them over to the next female child I see.
B007PK5T0Y Puma Women's Complete Haraka XCS Track Shoe I was surprised at how fast I received the shoes.  It was proably within a three days.  I ordered the shoes a size too big after reading other reviews.  I have only run in the shoes once, but they do feel comfortable.  I have no complaints.
B007Q36ALC puma looks great! this shoes looks even better as pictured. Not heavy and size is perfect:) My son enjoy wearing this puma shoes.
B007SLGLX4 Little Kids Puma shoes stylish! This looks great on my son.  Its comfortable for him.  True to size.  Nice color. Stylish, price is right  Little kids shoes
B007SLGLX4 Great Shoes! These shoes are well made and look great.  The best part is the criss-cross velcro straps.  They make it super easy for my son to put his shoes on himself.
B007SLGLX4 great shoes These shoes fit perfect to size. The velcro stays put and we have zero issues with these unlike the other pair i bought. These shoes fit him comfortably and he runs around with no problems.
B007TH1UYC Comfortable, but not for everyone First off, I do not run in these. I bought these shoes purely for casual wear, since I wanted a laceless sneaker to slip on. Therefore, take this review with a grain of salt as I have no idea how these shoes perform when used for their intended purpose.As casual shoes, these have several strengths:1. They're extremely light and comfortable.2. They breathe very well; they're perfect for hot weather.3. For laceless shoes, they fit quite securely.However, there are definitely some negatives that you should be aware of if you're considering buying these:1. If the weather is cold and/or wet, do not wear these. The same ability to breathe that makes them so comfortable in the summer will absolutely soak your feet within minutes in the rain. These are not water resistant in any way whatsoever.2. They are not incredibly sturdy. I've worn mine for about nine months now and there is quite a bit of wear. They're about halfway between a solid, sturdy shoe and a disposable paper slipper.3. The colors are just ridiculously loud. I opted for the blue ones, thinking they'd be a more solid blue, however they're very light grey and baby blue. I can't wear these with jeans without feeling utterly ridiculous. Actually, I can't wear them with shorts either, unless I pretend that I've just come from a run. Then I don't just feel ridiculous, I am ridiculous.I do like them, overall. I just don't find them to be very practical for day to day wear.
B007TI75MC Love them! I have a lot of shoes and these are great.  I know they are indoor soccer shoes but I wear them for every day,  They are different and get the looks but are also comfortable to wear anywhere.  I have been really happy.
B007TJMGKM puma shoes nice looking shoes and very well what it looked like on the sight as i thought they would be like
B007UM6PAK Cool shoes These shoes are great. I love the red and black styling! I do not know what else to say. Bye
B007UM6PAK Great gift for my boyfriend! I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend. He has large feet and I always struggle finding shoes in his size (14), but these fit him perfectly. They are very light weight and looked great. I have bought him other Ferrari shoes in the past, but these were very different due to the high top design. We both really like how unique they were. These were also Prime eligible and arrived quickly and with no shipping cost!!
B007USEG6E Cool design but the material suffocates my feet I really like the design and loved the packaging the shoes came in. The only problem I have with the shoes is that the material seems to suffocate my feet. My feet get hot quick in these shoes.
B007USEG6E Cool Shoes arrived on time and in perfect condition. Haven't worn them much yet though because I broke my toe the day before the shoes came in... Murphy's Law.
B007UTW8ZY Okay shoes I need good shoes for walking my dogs  these were okay but my feet stil hurt some in these. I have foot problems.
B007VL5X80 Beautiful shoes I saw these shoes on a French fashion magazine and decided to buy them immediately! I was not disappointed, they fit well and the color & dots are fun and original!
B007WQDYQM awesome deal Awesome shoes! Great price. Doesn't get any better! PUMA shoes are my favorite . I have never seen better deals.
B007WQH3GE puma shoes The shoes is very good also comfortable for foot.I thank you for your service it is very fast also you are cooperator with the costumer.
B0080LMQ58 Good shoes My son liked the look of these shoes and I bought them online. They fit as expected and he says they are comfortable.
B008A64J6M Sweet Omg this shoes is awesome I must Hv another one but like d other reviews buy a size up I wear 10.5 in puma shoes n I bought a 11 it fits just right little room for a thin socks if u wear any but it soft n comfortable I'll buy in other color
B008A64UCU great  shoes These shoes are my favorite  the  are so comfortable.  I  got  in  blue and  black  too thats how much i  like them
B008A64X0Y Do not buy I got these shoes for my daughter for school.. However, she sweats in her feet .and these shoes we had to throw them out because they smell horrible. They are cute and comfortable .. But the inner material of the shoe is the problem .. If you have sweaty feet as well . Do not buy. Waste of money. The scent is awful even after when you take the shoes off. Your foot smells..
B008A6BA64 Man, These Are the Best These shoes are so comfortable and they look great on!  I'm going on a trip and these will be perfect... for the plane ride... I needed shoes that could handle a lot of expected walking... AND look cute at the music festival... AND look great with a dress... and these ballerina style pumas are perfect.  I even wore them to work on Jean-Friday and got compliments ALL DAY from BOTH sexes... That's what I'M TALKING about!  I'm buying them in every color :-)
B008A6BB9U Best shoes I've ever owned These are the most comfortable shoes I've had the pleasure of owning. Super breathable, very light, I honestly think they're more comfortable than going barefoot. The nubby bottom helps when I'm doing workouts on my carpet and when I'm out and about on grass.planning on buying a  second pair as everyday shoes.
B008A6BB9U These shoes are like a hug for my feet! They're a little big, but thats good for fitness shoes, as the feet need room to spread out. Also, they look pretty weird on me. I'm 5' 2&#34; with size 9 feet anyway (huge in proportion to my size), but somehoow these make my feet look even bigger. However, they are not for looks for me. And they are extremely comfortable.
B008A6BB9U comfortable Puma is going to be one of my favorite shoes to wear this summer....these shoes made me feel like I was walking on clouds....but after several hours in them, my foot started to hurt....they only need a little more support...but other than that....I would recommend this shoe to family and friends....plus the price was excellent....im going to keep ordering PUMA's different styles and colors.....Amazon.com keep prices right...I will be ordering until I cant order no more.....thanks again...N...Watson.
B008A6BLMW Pretty comfortable The shoes are pretty comfortable and perfect during warm weather. I did change out the shoe laces as the ones come with the shoes are uncomfortable and rubbed the top of my feet when I wear them all day long. I do get lots of compliments whenever I wear them.
B008A6BLMW Comfort and fashion These shoes are very comfortable and fashionable. I bartend and can wear these shoes for 9 hours straight and.my feet feel wonderful.
B008A6C4RS Love these shoes These shoes are really comfortable.  The synthetic material on the uppers and the tongue of the shoe feels funny to the touch at first, but when the shoes are on they feel just great...I've gotten lots of complements on them. Everyone is looking for these neon colors and the colors are very true to the way it looks on the page. In most shoes I wear a 10, but having had experience with Pumas before, I find a 101/2 in their brand fits me better.
B008A6CBUI tennis shoes cute design, comfortable, light weight,  fits like I expected, which is a little smaller than regular shoes, would recommend to a friend
B008A6CIL0 I have never ever had so comfortable shoes I love them. While walking they as if massage your feet. I do not walk I fly with these shoes
B008A6CIL0 Okay look, but cheaply made. The shoes looked fine, even though I'm not a big fan of the nylon shoe.  However, the nylon made a loud swishing sound when I walked and didn't offer much support.  The shoes were super cheap (under $30), so I guess you get what you pay for.  I sent them back and bit the bullet for a nice pair of $100 walking shoes that will last me a long time.
B008A6JOWQ puma shoes they fit alright its not the shoes I wanted but the nike shox for women didn't have my size.but next time I hope they will
B008A6JOWQ Puma women's - great First Puma shoes I have ever bought online and, although pricey, I thoroughly enjoy them.  I would go a half size up if you don't like your shoes snug, but, beyond that, I am very happy with the fit and coloring.
B008A6JWU0 Perfect shoes Simply divine, comfortable, they look exactly like the picture, perfect to wear with jeans, cool on hot days. I love these shoes
B008A6JWU0 Prefect! These shoes comfort me! Love it! So light! Beautiful color. I like style shoes. I never have buy puma shoes. I thought it was not good for my flat feet but actually it did support my flat feet wonderful!
B008A6JWU0 cute shoes, no arch support These shoes look cool and they fit well, but if you need arch support, perhaps they aren't for to. There's nothing there. If I wear them for an entire day, my arches are in pain.
B008A6JWU0 so narrow I purchased these shoes after reading the reviews from others.I normally wear a 7 in shoes, but in the Faraway Field and the Faraway Fell I needed a 8.I therefore ordered a 8 in the Faraway Beach but it was too small. This is much narrower than the other shoes.
B008A6JZG6 These shoes are wonderful Not only do they fit well and are comfortable, they're gorgeous! I've gotten many compliments when I wear them.  Really pretty!
B008A6JZG6 Love these I had bought some shoes from Walmart, but they made my feet fall asleep as I was working out for some reason haha, and the soles came out eventually anyway.  These shoes are bare minimum, they're super light and don't have a bunch of things inside that add to the structure that could possibly come out with wear, like the soles from my Walmart shoes.  I have fat feet and weigh *a lot*, but these fit fine.  I'm not sure about the cross training though, I mean they're great for walking/running and on the elliptical or something, but anywhere with loose dirt I wouldn't wear them.  I wore them to the grand canyon and didn't feel safe, and I wore them walking up a small mountain and didn't feel secure, and it was pretty terrifying coming down actually haha, so these are definitely flat, man-made ground shoes.  I didn't like the color in the picture, I try not to stand out, but they grew on me, I'm happy with the purchase overall :-)
B008A6K4HU These Shoes Online these shoes look awesome,unfortunately for me the shoes I received were not what I was expecting,I have no idea how there was a mix up,but in the future I'll stick with ging to my nearest Marshalls or TJMaxx
B008A6K8XU Great Shoes I have never purchased the Puma brand before.  I needed them to go with a Halloween costume, but wanted to buy something that I thought I might wear again with Jeans.  These are most likely the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever owned.  And, I have pretty severe knee issues which is why I needed black tennis shoes with my Halloween costume instead of a nice pair of heals.  They are high quality and I have already worn them with Jeans.  Great look for casual day at the office because it's not so obvious that you have tennis shoes on
B008A6K8XU Well fit Shoes fit well and are comfortable, they work well for Zumba dancing. I would recommend for anyone that has problems with comfort.
B008A6KHRC Comfy and light I received these and couldn't be happier! I have a wide foot and therefore it is always hard for me to find shoes that aren't uncomfortable. These shoes are not only comfortable, but they have the arch support I need and are the most lightweight shoe I have ever owned. .. high five to Puma!!
B008A6KHRC Great gym shoes! These are comfortable, fashionable, great color (pinkish red).  I wear an 8.5 to 9 in gym shoes (8 or 8.5 in heels/sandals).  I ordered a 9.5 because of the warnings that they run small.  The 9.5 is a tad large but will work - 9 would have been too short and tight.  Totally recommend these.
B008A6KIZS Nice Shoes These shoes are so light and airy when you walk in them.  They feel like you have nothing on and that's what I love about them!
B008A6KTKC So glad I picked these I've been needing new shoes for work but I'm pretty picky about it.  After being disappointed with local stores I decided to check out what amazon had to offer.  I compared a couple choices but a review I read on these shoes helped me narrow down my choices.  Someone said that they also work on hard concrete floors all day and that they liked these shoes.  Great recommendation!  I'm so glad I decided to give them a try.  They are even more comfortable than the last pair of work shoes I got.
B008A6KTKC Puma Power! I love this shoes! I do an intense step class and these shoes are great for that class! Plus, they're a great looking pair of shoes! Going back for more,
B008A6KTKC I am satisfied with shoes. Thought trim color would be more red, but is really pink. They are a comfortable fit and I am satisfied.
B008A6KTKC shoes I wear these shoes a lot , really enjoy the look and fit!! I love to workout in these shoes
B008A6KTKC Not as expected. I like the look of the shoes. However, they are tight and narrow in the toes and the ankles feel weird because the tongue of the shoes doesn't pull out like other shoes.
B008A6KTKC So far so good. Shoes are comfortable and I have no foot pain.  Actually kind of fit like a glove.  I was pleasantly surprised.
B008A6KTKC ... as they were too small and I did not like that the shoes did not pull apart at the ... I returned these shoes as they were too small and I did not like that the shoes did not pull apart at the tongue. It made them hard to put on especially with arthritis in my hand.
B008A6KTKC good it so nice ,simple I like training shoes  , it very soft .I recommend to everyone who like training shoes to buy it.
B008A6KTKC Holy shoes Shoes are a little on the tight size around the top of the foot. Might just be because they are new but we'll see. Love the shoe otherwise.
B008A6KTKC Grandma loves these shoes! I bike or walk in these every morning.  No need to wear socks because the nylon uppers breathe.  The soles are reflective.  Best fitting athletic shoes I've ever owned.  I usually wear ladies 11 M and these are true to size, no blisters or break-in time.  I changed the shoelaces to orange for even more color.
B008A6KTKC Great shoes...a little sloppy in the toe box. I really like these shoes, they look and feel great. I would prefer a bit more arch and definitely a toe box that had more adjustment, but for stylish walking shoes these work just fine. They are long haul runners, perhaps 5K would be as far as I would take these and not often due to the lack of arch support which for me is pretty important.
B008A6KTKC perfect work out shoes As soon as I put on these shoes I knew they were perfect they are wide and no working in necessary. I just love them. Super comfortable and very stylish. thank you amazon and puma!
B008A6KTKC colors don't match They fit to my expectations. Puma shoes are good quality shoes. Wish the color would have matched. Picture shows red and blk and they were bright pink when they came.
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes!!!! The main reason I bought these shoes was because they are adorable.  I have to say, I am SO happy with this purchase. The shoes fit great, they are very comfortable, and very supportive.  The only thing I don't like is the tongue of the shoe is a little different, but that is just something I'll have to get used too.
B008A6KTKC Absolutely awesome shoes I have purchased many walking and running shoes in the past that were good , But this pair of Puma shoes not only look GREAT (the color will knock your socks off) , but they are the best fitting shoes that I have ever put my feet in.  These shoes feel like they have already been broken in.  I would recommend these great looking shoes to anyone that wants a high end shoe at a reasonable price.
B008A6KTKC difficult to put on I like the color and shape of the shoes but find them very difficult to get on. I may need to spend more time trying to make putting them simpler but I think shoes shouldn't be that difficult
B008A6KTKC Puma tennis shoes great buy I just loved this tennis shoes.  It's very comfortable to wear on to walk and dance.  Also it's very light weight which helps a lot when you are doing any activities that requires fast movements like dancing.  I am definitely very happy with my new Puma tennis shoes.  I do recommend it is a good buy, it's worthy to have  those Tennis shoes.
B008A6KTKC Returning Them These are really cute shoes, but they have a really unusual fit.  The part that fits around your ankle hits very low on the ankle and is not comfortable to me.  I do like the look but obviously tennis shoes need to fit comfortably!!!
B008A6KTKC great shoes! These shoes are really comfortable. They felt a little tight at first, but after a good bootcamp class they loosened up and are perfect!
B008A6KTKC Great product Awesome shoes I have never had this brand before and I have gotten so many complements on how good these shoes look
B008A6KTKC Comfortable, Eye-catching shoe! I always love the contoured fit of Puma shoes and this is probably my favorite color combination. I've switched to using more minamilist running shoes but wanted a pair of athletic shoes just for going around town or playing with my son. These are very comfortable and just what I wanted!
B008A6KTKC Really cool shoes The shoes are really nice and look great. They fit okay with socks but there is no wiggle room at all. They do slide on and off pretty easliy on my foot. I use the shoes as my walking shoes for my wellness break at work. I get a lot of compliments on the style and color. I really like the shoes.
B008A6KTKC These shoes are awesome They fit snug and great.  I like how light weight they are,  I have gotten so many compliments on them,  they were a hard shoe to find but Amazon as always comes through.
B008A6KTKC Beautiful shoe I have had so many compliments on these shoes. Absolutely beautiful shoes. Love them so much and they feel so go.
B008A6KTKC Looking cool isn't enough! I was so excited about these shoes. They looked so fun and were a good price, unfortunately they fit really weird. These shoes were long enough but really pinched the toes. So much that my toes started going numb.
B008A6KTKC great shoes Great shoes. they fit perfectly. They are light and they are just cool to wear.Colors are exactly like the picture
B008A6KTKC I don't wear these and have ordered other shoes These shoes got really good ratings from others but I did not like them at all. They are too small and uncomfortable. I didn't want to have to return them so I thought I'd wear them and try to break them in. I should have returned them. The Solomon's I bought were awesome right out of the box. These were not. This is also not the first time PUMA's have disappointed me. I think the brand is just not a good fit for me.
B008A6KTKC like shoes! Only gave 4 stars because the shoes do not have a normal tongue. Difficult to get on. however, I got used to it. Very comfortable and cute.
B008A6KTKC Great Looking Shoes These shoes are very cute, just a bit bright for me so I sent them back.  They are comfortable and very well made.  The tongue is actually part of the shoes, that was something I thought might take some getting used to.  I really liked these shoes but didn't love them, mostly because the color was too intense.
B008A6KTKC PUMA SHOES I LOVE THE LOOK OF THESE SHOES BUT THEY JUST DO NOT HOLD UP. I WORE THEM DAILY FOR 3 MONTHS AND THE MESH IS WRIPPING AND THE ARE FALLING APART. TOO MUCH TO SPEND WHEN A SHOE DOES NOT HOLD UP. THIS SEEMS TO HAPPEN WITH THIS SPECIFIC SHOES. THIS IS NOT THE FIRST PAIR THAT HAS DONE THIS.
B008A6KTKC Awesome shoes! These fit as expected.  In some brands, I have to get a lil larger size.  These are typical fit.  They are awesome looking.  Colors are bright and vibrant.  What I expected.  I've never owned a pair of puma tennis shoes so wasn't certain of the fit or comfort.  Thumbs up for both.  I usually put insoles in all of my tennis shoes, including the most comfy I can usually find.  Not these, comfy as they are.  I didn't have to break them in or anything.  Felt like slipping on my old comfy shoes or slippers. I love them!
B008A6KTKC love Puma shoes fit perfectly!  I've never owned a pair of Puma shoes before, but they are great for everyday use and working out!
B008A6YAFW Stylish shoes, wish they would breathe better Love how they look, get lots of compliments.  Stylish, casual shoes, the red band is eye catching. Wish they would breathe better and were a bit lighter.
B008A6YCRI great for my cousin who was looking for comfortable brand name affordable shoes for soccer at school.  she loved them, will highly recommend to others.
B008A6YRP0 Great shoes These shoes fit just as a normal 8.5 would!  They are very comfy and non-chaffing.
B008A77SH8 Awesome shoes I bought these shoes for half the current price and have not been able to find them this cheap since. They are great shoes, I have over 60 pairs of sneakers and I always go to these first. They are extremely for working out in as they are a cloth material, feels like suede.The color of them are unique also, kind of an eggshell white, if I can find them for under 40 again I would buy 5 more pairs of them.
B008A77TYK Comfortable and Stylish I get complimented on these shoes and they're definitely one of my most comfortable pairs of shoes. 10.5 fit exactly as expected!
B008A77TYK This shoes are awesome I really liked the color and they fit perfectly, although i wish they had it in color white in my size. I recommend this shoes to people from late teens to early twenties.
B008AILKZ8 Puma Zanthem These shoes are true to size.. I really like these shoes a lot.. Very cool looking.. I've got a lot of possitive remarks.. Great buy!!
B008AILQJI shoes fit and comfy ordered these as my spare pair of shoes, secondary, what have you. they've been very efficient, comfortable, and acceptable. I do rate them as a secondary style, not my primary shoes. the tongue does sometimes poke my ankle wrong n cause discomfort, if tied too tight.
B008AILQJI My sons new shoes I bought these shoes for my son after he saw them at the store for double the price. He didn't get to try them in because they didn't have his size, but when they got here, they fit him perfectly! They are very light weight, and look really nice!!
B008AILQJI For show not for B-boying/B-girling I do consider these shoes for looks, very fresh.  What I like about these shoes, they're the lightest shoes ever.  What I dislike it's not for Breaking, the soles of the shoes are slippery.  But other than that if you don't B-boy or B-girl, then you're good to go.  Otherwise I'd rate these shoes out of 5 if I didn't B-boy.
B008AILZZI Amazing Great Shoes!!! Very light weigh,comfortable.better than the picture.Combination black and blue is perfect,recomend the shoes to everyone. Good price ,for exellent quality
B008AILZZI Quality with Style Whether wearing this for fashion or for training this pair of shoes can satisfy either need. As usual for a Puma shoe it does run somewhat small. I probably could have worn a 10 more comfortably but the trainer style shoes fit more snug on me at 9.5. A 9 would have been impossible. I love the style and breathability that comes with this shoe. The mesh upper keeps it feeling lightweight and roomy yet snug. I feel I have more stability when wearing these shoes as well. I highly recommend them to those interested. I got mine for 34$ which is the more reasonable price point.
B008AJ5B4S awesome!! Love these shoes! Fit great light weight and look fantastic!  I wear an eleven and these shoes fit perfect so would say they are correct to size
B008AJOHXO Great Shoes! I bought these as a gift for a Puma lover and BMW owner. These shoes sold out on Puma's website and this is the only place I could find them. Congrats to Puma for teaming up with an automobile maker that most people can actually buy a car from. I mean, who wants to wear Ferrari shoes when they cant even wear them while driving a Ferrari. Pumas are the European DRIVING shoe right? Anyway, these shoes are great and the Future Cat style is sleak and sexy.
B008AJZ5OO Exactly what I expected I tried a different model to get the size which was the same as my usual size for which I've brought my previous shoes on. Design is great, material is great. The shoes can make your feet feel confined as there isn't much wriggle room.As you would expect with white shoes they will get stained quickly, I notice the shoelace has a dirt mark already but partly due to me not having the shoelace perfectly tied.
B008AK6Q8C Great Shoes !! Arrived on Time Great shoes, funky, fashionable and defintely get's the attention of others. I love these sneakers.My advise to all. Buy a size larger. They are designed for normal atheletic feet.
B008AK6Q8C Comfy I recommend to anyone who wants a every day shoes to walk with or to just wear for walking, really comfy
B008AKOFGW Beautiful Shoes Beautiful Shoes. Order a larger number. My waist is 10.5 and 11.5 was the best purchase decision. They are lightweight and flexible.
B008AL2UCC wrong color I ordered the attack shoes online with the above picture in mind. When I got the shoes the stripes were dark grey instead of white. The whole reason I ordered the shoes online is because I don't have the time to go and buy them at the store and now that I have them I don't have the time to return and wait for the right color. also you can't wear these with shorts and its summer
B008AL2UCC Started coming apart up after a couple of weeks I like Puma's style, always have so I tend to but alot of Puma shoes - mostly casual or smart casual.These shoes look good, fitted me well and felt comfortable for walking in the street/office/home.Within a few weeks 2-4 the stitching started to open up on the right hand side of the left shoe..this is not what I am accustomed to for Puma products in general and I am very disappointed, i do not think it is acceptable for non cheap shoes to degrade so quickly.I will have to re-evaluate my loyalty unfortunately as this is not the first Puma footwear to disappoint.Be sure to keep and eye on the shoes in first month so you can return them if you catch it soon enough.
B008AL33QE Great product I loved the shoes because they fit as I expected, the size was the correct, the shoes design was as I expected and they are really comfortable.
B008AL33QE Great looking shoes, but a bit stiff to walk in I've only worn this pair of shoes a few times and they look great. My only complaint is that the heel bit that rubs against your Achilles tendon is a bit stiff and rough so I definitely recommend wearing socks that covers your ankles when wearing these shoes.
B008AL33QE Very nice shoes, perfect fit. Before buying these go to your local shoe store that sells Pumas and try their other shoes. It seems like Pumas use different measuring scale or something so the size might different from Nike shoes or Addidas.  I've been wearing Pumas for the last 3 years and I never had problems with the size when I buy online.The Future Cats themselves are amazing, although I would recommend to only wear them for looks. I wore them for a full work day (mostly walking around) and my feet got really tired by the end of the day. That doesn't happen if I wear my casual pair of shoes.* Fun bonus: If you're in the dark room with black lights (like a club), neon orange glows really bright and it's really noticeable.
B008AL33QE cool and very cool Love Puma shoes, everyone wants to know where I found them! Great fit and quality, cool to work out in and just walk around in!!!
B008AL33QE Great looking shoes I usually wear an 11, and these (US size 11) fit perfectly. The materials are fantastic, the black along the rear is actually a textile replication of carbon fiber, giving the shoes an especially racy appearance. While not particularly comfortable, the shoes aren't UNcomfortable; that just comes with the territory with a driving style shoe.I had previously owned an earlier version of the future cat, and loved the way they looked, and I'm very happy with the new model.
B008AL36G6 Comfortable I can easily slip my feet in these shoes. Very comfortable and would definitely wear these instead of some flip flops.
B008AL4BLU I love these shoes These shoes are super comfy and stylish.  I wear them nearly every day to work.  They seem more durable than most other shoes I have worn.
B008ALI936 Come on, dude, they're flippin' Pumas. I was looking for a work shoe that was professional, yet allowed me the ability to commute on my bicycle. I didn't want to end up with 'dad shoes' like Sketchers. These shoes are incredibly light and comfortable. They make my large feet look smaller on my thin body. Having worn Puma racing sneakers for a while, I knew what to expect sizing-wise (pretty much order a half size up). I'm on my feet at the front desk of a hotel, and these kicks feel really good after having worn them for a few weeks. They are faux leather, which means that the seemingly cramped toe will quickly mold itself to your foot. Also, i wanted something that would look good on the streets, with expensive jeans, which they certainly do. I don't expect much durability, as I'm rough on shoes in general, but they are a good value.-Delivery was prompt, and easily tracked via the interweb-These shoes look more like the Drift cat than the picture communicates-Buy these shoes, and stop searching your life away.-Expensive jeans are awesome too.-Come on, dude, they're flippin' Pumas.
B008ALI936 Bab shoes very weakvery hard to walkI like the looksI bought several pumas shoes but they disappointed mesweat too
B008ALI936 Nice Shoes... I have been looking for a pair of Puma's and found them on your site.  I am very pleased, the shoes (Puma's) met my expectations!
B008ALI936 Beautiful shoes. I bought these shoes from Amazon because, despite visiting a Puma store at the mall, and 2 Puma outlet stores, I have never seen these shoes before.  I have wanted a pair of stylish, black Puma shoes like these for a very long time.  And, I found them exclusively on Amazon.com.
B008ALJ8S6 Shoe purchase This is the first pair of shoes I have purchased on line. I have trouble finding shoes that fit right because i have a wide foot and no arches. These shoes  are wonderful. They fit well, are very comfortable and easy to get on and off. This is important because I am handicapped and have a hard time getting shoes on and off.I would give them a 5 star rating
B008ALWBFS Good looking Shoes! A fine looking pair of shoes. I'm normally an 11, but I needed 12s for Puma, so be sure to try some on at a store first!
B008ALX6SO Really good They are really comfortable, they fit just fine and they are perfectly suited from soccer. I was getting bored of not being able to score because the aim with running shoes is so bad... These solved my issue. And I got them very cheap (30$).Last but not least, I got them faster than expected. :)One of the best ratio quality/price for soccer shoes
B008ALX6SO It's cool I loved the shoes ! Years ago I had Puma running shoes and those were very durable, I wore them 3 years permanently in active sport. So I hope these ones would be good too. Shoes fit well, but still, my advice is to buy a half size bigger.
B008ALX6SO Perfect fit These shoes don't need to be bought in a larger or smaller size since they are true to the fit. Be prepared to break them in, as needed with all shoes, but after the first two hours, mine were comfy and good to go. Probably best to tie a double-knot since the laces come apart easily.
B008ALX6SO Nices Shoes This shoes are really comfortable and have a very good grip and great value for the price! I would recomend
B008ALXEBS falling apart after 3 months I bought these shoes in April and by the beginning of July the sole of the shoe is coming off. I play at least once a week but my last turf shoes held together for a year and a half. Just disappointed in the quality of the shoes
B008AWU21W Looked good online Looks a lot differnt in person, almost just seemed like rubber shoes, didn't actually seem like a normal pair of shoes and there was no way to make them tight, so they were extremly lose
B008AWUB54 Very Comfortable shoes This shoes are by far the best shoes I have ever owned. The sole is not too thick so it won't bother your heel or the arch or the foot. You might have to use them a couple of times to make the sole soft and be more comfortable during a run or even walking everyday.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice comfortable shoes I really like these shoes. Very comfortable, stylish and fun. I'm using them to train for a 5K in the winter.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome shoes These shoes are awesome they fit great and look amazing. Not to mention that the shoes have all of the Seahawks colors .
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect fit for my life I purchased these shoes because I needed a new set of athletic and running shoes.... These Pumas fit perfectly on my feet and they're very comfortable, too! I chose this color because I figured it would add more visibility to me because I like to ride my bike at night, plus they're pretty snazzy looking, too.I really like the mesh that they used to make the shoes because it allows for better breathability and more comfort with less sweat. I like to wear the shoes I run, hike, or ride my bike. They perform well in all environments and have never let me down, I've even worn them into work before.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma shoes rock I love these shoes. They felt a little snug when I first started wearing them but now they feel just fine and that's coming from a guy with wide feet. As far as the look, I've already gotten many good comments from strangers who like them as well. Puma athletic shoes are about the only ones I care to buy these days because they look and feel good.
B008AXTOQ0 Lightweight and Comfortable When I first put these shoes on I didn't think I would like them.  They were tighter and stiffer feeling than my previous shoes. However, upon using them they are comfortable with no break-in period.  Never a blister or any rubbing.  I highly recommend them.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome This is the best fitting athletic shoe ever, they are so lightweight it's like walking on clouds!Over the years I have tried so many different brands and they have fallen short in so many ways: Reebok, Asics, New Balance etc. They were either too tight or too loose fitting, fell apart after the first couple of trials at the track, or they just didn't have the style and pizzazz of these new Pumas. With today's Puma shoe, and the many color combinations that are available everyone is sure to find the right Puma to fit their style; not to mention the fact that they are so affordable you just might get a second, third, so on.... Just remember these shoes tend to run a little on the small side, so when ordering them, please order them a half to a full size larger.Believe me these shoes are so comfortable, that I have told my friends and a few of them have purchased them. I do and I will always recommend these shoes to everyone!And remember life's too short, enjoy it to the fullest.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable shoes The shoes are very, very comfortable. It fits like a glove. I am definitely glad I invested money on these.
B008AXTOQ0 GTG It took to long for the shoes to get to me only because I was deployed and the address was hard for the sender to understand so it went to the wrong address.  I still received the shoes which I do enjoy while I am out here.  It was a good purchase, this is my first time wearing puma's shoes so I am happy with what I have.
B008AXTOQ0 Good Shoes A little tight, but comfortable! I rally like them for exercise! Not a bad pair of shoes! As always Amazon sucks when it comes to returning!
B008AXTOQ0 Really like these shoes I really like the way these shoes fit with the stretchy material on the inside instead of the typical shoe tongue.  I wear these to work out.
B008AXTOQ0 Where is the tongue?! It was not mentioned that these shoes do not have an adjustable tongue. It annoyed me at first, but the shoes fit fantastically! I love the color! The shoes are a yellow-green color, but not as bright as shown on the picture.
B008AXTOQ0 nice shoes they feel comfortable unfortunately its a bit tight on the ankle part and snug on the toes 13 runs a little too small compared to other shoes
B008AXTOQ0 PERFECT GREAT SHOWS AND STYLE. GOT A LOT OF COMPLIMENTS AND ALMOST 6 MONTHS OUT OF THESE SHOES! go puma go
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome sauce Shoes shipped fast, and fit perfect to size. Color, and design look awesome and it was on sale when I bought so it was worth it. I've always been a Nike man but the last two of three pairs where cheaply put together and fall apart in two months despite dropping $80 for one pair of shoes.So far these Puma shoes are the highest quality shoes I have bought in years.
B008AXTOQ0 COMFORTABLE !! ONE OF THE MMOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER BROUGHT AND ONCE I PUT THEM ONE I FELT LIKE I WAS WALKING ON CLOUDES !!!!!!
B008AXTOQ0 No arch support Pros:- if you order half a size larger than what you normally wear, they're pretty nice- The shoes breath pretty well; however, my feet still stink at the end of the day ;)- Pretty stylish- no tongue design is kind of like having a sock built in- feels high qualityCons:- Unfortunately for myself and this review, Arch support is very important to me and this shoe simply does not have the support that I need. The pair of shoes I wore before these are Nike shox.Other thoughts:In reality I would give these shoes a 3.5, and if I did not have high arches more like a 4.5. I definitely suggest these over the regular voltaic 4s.
B008AXTOQ0 ?don't' know what you mean I would like to buy purple Mens golf shoes.  l need your help 8.5.  l have never used puma shoes lam so happy to have bought them great shoes
B008AXTOQ0 beautiful this shoes are beautiful and confortable as I expected. I really like PUMA's Products especially their shoes designs and variety
B008AXTOQ0 orange puma shoes I have never bought or wore brand Puma, but was very pleased with them.I would recommend them for looks and comfort
B008AXTOQ0 must buy Most comfortable shoes I've got I have 3pairs of these shoes. Will buy more.  If you font have any of these than you must buy some.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes I like the style of the shoes. This is what I was looking for. I feel comfortable with them and they are awesome!
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes....Awesome Price! I have been wearing the Puma Voltaic line of shoes for 10 years now and have found nothing more comfortable.  Thank you for providing such a wonderfully affordable buying option
B008AXTOQ0 Very comfortable shoes I love Puma shoes and sports wear.  I brought these shoes because of the price.  I also, for some reason really like grey running shoes.  I wear a size 13 and the size 13 that I ordered fit me perfect.  They look great on my feet but the one thing I would change is the color of the shoe strings.  The shoe strings color should either be light or dark grey.  For the price, I think the shoes are a good deal.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable Comfortable. But just a little snug around the toe area.  Great color (dark blue) works perfectly for my job that requires black shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Shoes I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes! Felt tight at first but after a few wears have become a very comfortable shoe. Love the no tongue feature!! Shoes fit like a glove!!
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA Voltaic Love it!! I bought the shoes for my husband as a gift and was worried they might not fit, but they were true to size! Very comfortable, so comfortable in fact that I am going to buy the female version ASAP! My husband has plantar fasciitis and he said that they didn't hurt his heel as where most shoes do. I highly recommend these shoes!
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes I use these shoes for exercise, gym and everyday uses. That being said I really like these shoes and find very comfortable. At first I really didn't like them, but it didn't take long before I found myself wearing these quite often. I really like the no tongue feature. They breathe very nice, which it like because my feet sweat a lot. One problem, I got white color and got a nasty rust stain from work that can't get out. Why did I get white!Seem to be well constructed and hopefully last me awhile.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes that fit perfectly. I am always pleased with Puma shoes. I like the colorful styles and the fit is always comfortable for me.
B008AXTOQ0 The shoes are okay. The length is great but the sides fits too snug. This is because there is a elastic liner that holds the shoe in place. But after a while of wearing the shoes, the fit has improved. The shoes are not heavy which made my feet feel good at the end of the day.
B008AXW9PI Shoes for a young track star? These shoes are great.  Inexpensive and yet of good quality for a 13 year old to start his track career in Junior High sports.  Thanks!
B008AXW9PI Track shoes These track shoes were perfect and very light. They were exactly as I expected them to be. I would definitely recommend this product to others.
B008AXW9PI Great shoes The puma shoes fit perfectly and are of great quality . I highly recommend these shoes to any parent who doesn't want to spend a $100 @ the sport shop !
B008AXW9PI Nice track shoes so far. They fit to size, but remember that track spikes should be snug. The shoes are light, look good, and come with low-rise spikes and a standard wrench. These are sprinting to middle-distance shoes for a fast pace that uses mainly the front of your foot.
B008AXY38Y Love theses shoes. I love these shoes. Very comfortable and stylish. Got my shoes right on time. Can't beat the price for these nice shoes. I'm very satisfied with these shoes.
B008AXY38Y Super fly for a white guy These shoes are super fresh! may be one of the coolest pairs of shoes ive ever owned. on top of that you cant beat the $80 price tag which is unbeatable.
B008AXY38Y love it Awesome so far so good I will need more time to wear out the shoe but so far its filled my expectations, very stylish and I feel comfortable enough to take this shoes to the gym as well as going out to a casual occasions.
B008AXY38Y Poor quality I had these shoes for less then 3 months and the top eyelet broke while I was tying my laces. I would expect more from Puma on how their shoes are made.
B008AXY38Y perfect shoes This a something I been looking for. I really like this style of shoes and I would recommend to a lot of people.
B008AXY38Y nice shoes These shoes do run a little small like the other commenters said. I like the style of Puma over Nike these days. They are really comfortable and stylish. I have bought 6 pair so far.
B008AXY38Y Great Shoes I am a woman who wears a size 11 shoe and I am very picky about my shoes.  I was looking for a nice pair of black athletic shoes and just wasn't finding anything in women's that didn't have pink in it.  I love pink but I just wanted mostly black.  These fit that bill perfectly.I have to have a specific fit in my shoes for them to be comfortable.  I don't mess around with uncomfortable shoes - and I don't normally buy shoes online.  But I have owned Puma's in the past and found that they are comfortable on my feet and they run true to size.  Both applied with this pair of shoes.  I don't like the shoes that have inside arch support - these don't.  I don't like shoes that have outside arch support - these don't.  They just feel like great regular shoes for those of us who can wear flip flops without any support at all.The fit is great and the width is perfect.  The shoe doesn't hug my foot (which tends to make it tired quicker) and it is the exact right size.I am very happy.
B008AXY38Y Not really happy Great looking shoes.  However, the width is a bit tight.  Not near as comfortable as my New Balance or Gravity defeyer shoes.
B008AXY38Y Shoes are new box is really old Shoes were a gift and they were  great but the box was really tore up, therefore I need the sender to send me another box besides that everything else was good
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes Look good, fit well. Shoes were priced fairly. They also go very well with my Detroit Tigers gear. What else can I say?
B008AY1ZNY very nice product i love this shoes,they look special but is a little big,maybe a half size doawn was better but for 67$ amazing shoes
B008AZD5ZE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SHOES I OWNED FROM PUMA!!! The shoes have a beautiful design, very fashionable, they are comfortable and every time I go I GET THEM MANY POSITIVE COMMENTS ... 5 STARS!
B008AZD5ZE These shoes get compliments everywhere I go! Living in the Seattle area these shoes go perfectly with Sounders and Seahawks colors so I'm always getting compliments about them.  However, the material their made of, while very lightweight, is very easy to get dirty.
B008AZD5ZE These shoes are amazing! Not only do they look good they feel great! I think I haven't owned a more comfortable pair of shoes in God knows how long!I absolutely love them, if you're in the fence about getting them, I really can't recommend them enough.
B008AZD5ZE Most comfortable shoes ever I love how these shoes fit. One of my favorite pairs of shoes that I have ever owned. Buy them
B008AZD5ZE These shoes are great! The shoes fit perfect and the colors are awesome! The shoes are very comfortable and I may buy another pair!
B008AZG59W New Puma Fan I was very skeptical about ordering shoes online and, honestly, I was expecting to have to send them back for a different size. These shoes are awesome!! They fit to size in comparison with my everyday gym shoes. Worked out in them last night, and they are very comfortable and lightweight. Running a couple miles after work, looking forward to a smooth ride. And the price? AMAZING!
B008AZLCBI The worst shoe for a 10 year old boy My son picked these out from the images on the product page. They looked great of of the box. He liked the feel of them. Well after 6 weeks they have almost fallen apart. Where do I start. Well after 2 days of school I asked him why his shoes were so discolored. He said that he had just worn them around for recess and class. They fabric turned an ugly brown-orange and they did not come clean even with oxyclean. Next are the laces. I understand that laces fray and need to be replaced but after 6 weeks? That is not the worst... it is coming. After I washed them, I removed them to dry from the washer and noticed that on one of the shoes the entire front sole has worn so much that there was a hole big enough for my thumb to fit. The other shoe had some wear but nothing like the other one. I have never seen that on casual school shoes (have seen it on shoes for tennis). These might be good running shoes but they should not be bought for young boys. I thought Puma was a good brand these days.
B008AZLCBI Low quaility shoes These shoes are light and comfortable, also very stylish. However, they ripped after one use. I would not recommend these shoes.
B008B0MGQ2 Great they are GREAT shoes for the price, I am glad I bought these shoes because they are comfortable. I RATE THESE SHOES 10/10
B008B0MGQ2 amazing! The shoes came in perfect condition, have incredible grip and are more comfortable then my other shoes that have insoles in them. this pair of shoes are a perfect example of why puma is one of the best shoe brands in the world. I will definitely be buying more pumas in the future. A++
B008B0MGQ2 Best pair of shoes I have bought in a long time!! Fit like a glove!! These shoes not only look great they fit awesome!! I have heard Pumas run small but I wear an 11 1/2 and thats what these are. They fit like a glove! Very happy with my new shoes
B008B0MGQ2 great shoes, perfect fit I bought the shoes in June 2013 and they fit perfectly.  I wear them everyday for work and to workout.  They look as good today (15 Feb 2014) as the did when I bought them.  This is my second pair of Puma's and I'm going to stay with Puma's from now on!good shoes!
B008B0MGQ2 Cool Shoes These shoes are really good looking and the size (12) was accurate.  Haven't run in them yet but they are comfortable for every day shoes.
B008B0MGQ2 Fell apart after 3 days. Fell apart after 3 days of wearing.  The bottom rubber started to peal off... I like Puma and have 2 other shoes so its not the brand, just the shoes.
B008B0MN9M Puma Shoes ok I love Puma brand because of products are differents and unique! This shoes have a unique style and good looking but they aren't so confortables and get dirty quickly. The rest is ok
B008B0NSKU Feels so comfortable! I actually got these shoes for an outfit but turns out I love wearing these normally! It's really comfy and bends when you walk. It's hard to describe but it's definitely the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn!
B008BXRZ9W Very comfortable shoes - my daughter's favorite! My daughter is picky about shoes and he has lots of them.  Ever since she got them, she has been wearing these shoes almost exclusively. They still look good and they work great as casual and dressy shoes.
B008BXRZ9W Go to shoes. These are the only shoes my daughter will consistently wear.  She has mild sensory issues and struggles with shoes and socks, but she will wear these all day every day.  Buy a half size up.
B008BXRZ9W Mu daughter's favorite shoes My daughter just love these shoes! They just slip on her every morning and does not make her feet sweaty like other shoes. Highly recommend it!
B008CG0YW8 It was a gift Excellent leather shoes, original period 90.'s Recommend for people who play arena football fields.The packaging did not like, but the shoes came in good condition
B008EXQBU8 Great looking shoes The only reason why I did not give it a 5 stars is because it feels very thin and not very heavy duty. Otherwise, I love these shoes.
B008EYO4TW great  shoes Love  these shoes.  I got in  blue  too  just  comfortable shoes  I would  recommend them. Being  Puma is  great too
B008EYO4TW Hard material These shoes are definitely NOT for walking - Unfortunately, I live in New York City and I walk A LOT and stand on the subway train during rush hour to and from work! The synthetic leather is so hard and I got 3 blisters after using the shoes for one day :( They murdered my feet...
B008EYO4TW awesome I loved these shoes, I have been looking for comfort and I will get comfort from theses shoes, thank you
B008EYO4TW I Love Pumas but HATE these shoes I own Puma sneakers and consider them to be the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn, but not these Pumas.  They are absolutely miserable.  I bought them at the beginning of the summer and they have shredded my feet twice to the point that I couldn't wear any shoes at all for weeks (thank god it is still flip flop weather).  SO upset at Puma for making these miserable torture shoes.  And boo to $50 down the drain too. >:(
B008EYP1K8 Comfy Fit Ordered these for my daughter off of her wish list.  She is a big fan of Puma's shoes.  That fit her well, and are comfortable during her long work hours.
B008EYP1K8 Comfortable shoes but.... These shoes are comfortable , but the size which I usually  wear seemed a bit loose to me in this shoe....
B008F063BM Very nice colors. Quality construction.  A slim fit. I very much like these shoes.  They are true to size and colors just as pictured.  As you may realize, with the thin sole these shoes are not for rough terrain or jogging. The ball of the foot does ket protection. They are great on a track or causal walking and wear. If you like a slim fit and support you will like these.  I do tend to wear sandals or clogs so I like to take these off by the afternoon if I have worn them all day.
B008F063BM Great pair of shoes I like these shoes a lot.  Not as much support as I would have liked, but very comfortable.  I wanted to wear them to work every day, but I decided I wanted to keep them looking nice and new.  Colors are wonderful.  Hope to find more in different colors.  You cannot go wrong with these shoes.
B008F068WQ Love these shoes I had been looking into getting some running shoes and saw these at the actually Puma website but they were a little too pricey even on sale. Looked on amazon and saw the price and ordered them, they are very comfortable and very easy to run with. Loved these shoes
B008F06A5Q Great shoes, love the color, support my feet I bought these for work shoes that would be a bit more fun to wear than my old gym shoes. they fit great and support my feet during long shifts, and i've received many compliments on their bold colors
B008F06A5Q Nice New Kicks I try not to buy shoes online just because each brand fits differently, but I took a chance and I was glad I did!These shoes fit perfectly, form to my feet well and are overall comfortable. The contrasting colors are very bright and fun and the shine of the black on the toe looks pretty cool~I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a spark in their step!
B008F06C7C hold up really nice. i chose this rating because the shoes look amazing and have lasted me a long time. My only con is that they are tight around the toes and hurt my ankles when i run. They have been great walking shoes tho.
B008F06C7C Great shoes!! I wear a size 6 I wasn't sure if it was going to fit the right way but over all it fit perfect.I'm so happy with the quality of the shoes.
B008F06KB0 Sharp looking, comfortable shoe I ordered these shoes because I really think Puma's look nice and they were very reasonably priced online (35 dollars). I am a size 8.5 (anywhere from 8 to 9, but in sneakers - especially the sketchers I usually wear - I'm an 8.5), so I ordered 8.5 B. They fit perfectly. The shoe looks as pictured...shiny, nice bright teal/mint green and pink stripes - main color a little more of a lighter grey than pictured. I ended up actually walking like 10 miles the second day I had the shoes. They did not need to be broken in. Although my feet were tired, I did not get any blisters, rubbing, or other discomfort. The soles are not heavily cushioned, but they were good enough to keep my feet comfortable walking. I can't do heavy exercise, but for walking they are great. I have not had a chance to see how the tread is in the rain, but in good weather, they are fine. My feet did not get sweaty or smelly in these shoes, they breathed fine. For a snugger fit, I laced the laces all the way up, but if you like it a little more loose you can skip the top eyelets (the ones without the green loopholes. The one thing I did not like so much with the shoes was the laces. They were thin almost paper-like ribbon material and I was not happy with them and they seemed flimsy. This was not a major problem...I went to a store and bought thicker normal rope type pink laces, which actually look really sharp with the shoes as they bring out the pink. This shoe is a great deal, looks great, matches a lot of my wardrobe, is very comfortable. Their durability remains to be determined, but they seem well made. They came in a shoe box in a little Puma carrying bag. Very nice!
B008F17R2K great looking shoes i like the price and the look is better than i expected since most of the shoes nowadays are ridiculous looking.
B008F17R2K Good so far. I've only worn the shoes a few times, but they are comfortable and very light. I'm usually pretty tough on shoes so time will tell to see how we'll they stand up.
B008F17R2K Cool look I am an avid runner and have liked the fit and ride of the previous Puma shoes I have owned.  These are pretty flashy shoes.  Although they seem true to size, the fit is different from my previous Pumas.  I would consider the fit similar to Nike, with a noticeable heel to toe drop.  The back of the shoe comes up a little high which digs into my Achilles (causing blisters) if I don't have socks that cover that region.  Despite these minor issues, I am overall happy with the shoes.
B008F17R2K Make your feet really hot I got these shoes for my husband.  They did fit but they made his feet so hot that he will not wear them so they wew a waste of money.
B008F17R2K very happy with this purchase This was my first purchase of shoes online and I was somewhat hesitating as I am never sure about my size.But the shoes fit perfectly, very light and soft. They seem to be strong enough to survive many miles :)
B008F17R2K Bright, yet extremely comfortable These shoes fit like a glove. The step in these is so soft that I can walk around for hours in them. I have lower back issues and feel amazing after a day of wearing these. A great buy!
B008F17R2K Good Looking Shoes I thought the shoes looked great & as advertised . Not so sure if the quality was up to the normal reebok shoes I have purchased in the pass. I think the price was a little high compared to the past shoes I have bought.
B008F17R2K Great Workout Shoes Got these shoes to workout in.  These shoes have performed great.  The BioWeb design looks awesome.  I will purchase Puma again in the future.
B008F17R2K Not that impressed I had high hopes for these shoes as I've been extremely happy with Puma in the past. First of all, these shoes seem to run about a half size too big and seem to be made of cheap material. I would definitely look to other Puma shoes in the future.
B008F17R2K Light, Comfortable, and the Price was right! I love the look of these shoes.  They are light and comfortable.  I purchased them for a fraction of what they sold for initially.  I use them while working out.  They feel good on the treadmill.  Jury is still out on durability, but they are fine after a week or so.
B008F17R2K Look fantastic, poor fit Didn't necessarily buy these shoes to work out in, however once I received them I really didn't have the option. They look fantastic and have received several compliments, but the fit is very poor compared to all other shoes I own and they did not feel correctly balanced (padding felt different for each shoe).  Additionally, the webbing on the side of the shoe is very flimsy and started falling off after two weeks. I would not pay full price for them and likely would not buy again regardless.
B008F17R2K Nice Shoes Shoes are very good, light and the bright yellow color is perfect, the only cons is due to your foot it will be a little tight in the front, I'm 9 in regular shoes, so I order 9.5 and fit pretty good.
B008F17R2K really like them... I order the shoes for new running shoes.. receive them very fast however sizes run a little small I wear a 10.5 in most brands...had to exchange them for 11.5 love the new shoes very comfortable and great to workout in and run... Exchange was simple and worry free super fast shipping....best price I was able to find great transaction very satisfied and that's what matters the most when dealing with online shopping
B008F17R2K great deal i love it and i am happy with my shoes. i like the feel of the shoes and it is very confortable
B008F17R2K Hurts my feet Got this online against my better judgement. The shoes were a little tight right out of the box and expectedly, walking soon gets my feet numb. I usually buy shoes in this size 10.5 D. it's not the manufacturers' fault though, the shoes are well made and have an excellent feel when walking; its just that some things you try in person before you buy. This is one of them. I think I would have had a better experience if I had tried a wide width shoe instead.
B008F17R2K comfort I have chronic pain and these shoes are extremely comfortable helping relieve stress in my knee's and feet. Not just comfortable but look great as well.
B008F17R2K Track shoes Shoes fit tight rubber feels like old tire inner tube tied up with laces. Have not ran in them yer
B008F17R2K Shoes are used I received the shoes and they were used already.They had dirt and pebbles stuck on the sole, the plastic was already damaged. I certainly didn't want used shoes, but I don't know if I missed something and I ordered used shoes.
B008F17R2K Too small; no breathe-ability whatsoever My normal size is a 13, but probably should have gotten a 14.My previous pair of shoes were Adidas running shoes with ClimaCool, so I think that I've been spoiled by those because of true 'breathe-ability'. These shoes say they are breathable, but I would not consider them that. There is nowhere within the sock enclosure for hot air to escape. When I took the shoes off after 20 minutes of simply wearing them around the house, there was a large amount of hot air within the shoe already. The materials feel extremely cheap (what can you expect from China, and for a $50 shoe). The 'bioweb' is simply a look, and doesn't appear to have any real effect on the shoe itself, which is disappointing.Needless to say, I am returning the shoes.
B008F17R2K Design unique and attractive The design of these shoes not go unnoticed. These shoes meet the expectations he wanted. Do not use to run just to walk
B008F17R2K great deal, cool shoes I've worn pumas before so the size was exactly what I expected.  These shoes are a good bright color without being obnoxious or offensive (to me at least).  I assume they were on sale because of the color but they match a lot of things I have.  I wear them almost daily and they're very comfortable as well as stylish.
B008F17R2K Unimpressed I don't normally write reviews, but am making an exception.Shoes run small and are too narrow. I shouldn't have to read reviews to find this out. The materials look and feel cheap.  How are these rated so highly?  ...Not sure how people find these shoes comfortable.  To each his own, I guess, but I would rather spend a little more a nd have something that wears and looks a lot better than these shoes.Easily the most disappointing purchase I have ever made through Amazon, and I buy a lot of stuff sight unseen on the internet.
B008F17R2K Puma Athletic Shoe Great Shoes!  Fit perfect and like walking on clouds!  This is the first time I have bought this brand but it won't be the last.  If you thinking about buying these shoes - stop thinking and get them - You will not regret it.
B008F17R2K the shoes looks very cheap the shoes looks very cheap, ithought Puma is good brand ,  too small, I am 8.5 but i  got 9 to be comfortable and still very small, returned it next day.
B008F17R2K Product looks & feels cheap These shoes were not very comfortable at all to me. I own several pair of puma shoes and these were certainly my least favorite. Faulty designed from the company in my opinion. Shoes aren't as vibrant and distinguished as shown in the picture. They look rather cheap.
B008F17R2K Constricting web. I really like these shoes. They have a lot of support, look great, and seem well made. Unfortunately if you are use to wearing Pumas you will have to go up a half size for these ones. I have worn size 11 Pumas for years and they have been exceptionally comfortable. With the bio web I should have gotten an 11.5. I thought they may break in and be more comfortable but now I just have a pair of shoes I don't like wearing. Better rating would have been had if not for inconsistent  sizing.
B008F17R2K Sick Shoes Love them fit great look good and have held up so far(month).. i tear through shoes normally ha ha ha
B008L74P0A Comfortable Shoe I ordered this shoe because it looked neat and clean.  I have run in it, walked in it and have worn them all day long.  They are comfortable with a stable base and solid construction.  I am not tough on shoes so I mention the solid construction because I have had others fall apart on me.  The top portion allows my feet to breathe and the leather sides provide support.  All around, very happy with the shoes.
B008M0TTH0 A Pleasant Surprise I ordered these shoes for their looks, as much as for any other reason, but feared that they might be too tight and therefore uncomfortable, as Puma shoes often are in my experience.  But this pair not only looks great, it is also quite comfortable.  I am very pleased with this purchase.
B008PEJOKK Shoes I love the colors of these shoes!  I bought them for my almost 3 year old for Christmas so he hasnt worn them yet.  But they will be great for the winter time in Washington with all the rain!
B008QX8VWM Must Have Not only are these shoes extremely comfortable, they look good as well as I receive compliments about them at every course I've been to this year.  Also I have not noticed any miss grip when I have bad form that keeps my ankle planted to the ground like I have with other golf shoes.  Highly recommend!
B008QX8VWM Awesome Golf Shoes! My husband loves these shoes. They fit great, just like his other Puma running shoes. He really likes the look of the shoes and they're pretty comfy.
B008QX8VWM very nice looking shoes I don't golf, but I loved the looks of these shoes enough that I bought them with the idea of having the cleats removed and a 1/4 inch thick sole added by a shoe repair shop.
B008QY0KMK Very Sharp Looking Shoes! Comfortable Shoes, and very sharp looking, Exceeds my expectations! Don't hesitate to buy these shoes!  You will not be disappointed!
B008QY0KMK slightly larger than expected Between my dress shoes and running/athletic shoes I can wear anything from an 11.5 to a 13.  I tried on several Puma golf shoes (not the Zero Limits) for &#34;puma&#34; sizing and found the 12s to be too small and the 13s just right.  I was unable to try on the Zero Limits before purchase as my local shops only carried the lower priced puma golf shoes.  In my opinion, the fit of the Zero Limits shoe seems a tad larger than the lower Puma models.  But - with the right socks (padded) these shoes fit great and are truly comfortable.  Played a round in them last week and loved them.
B008QY0KMK Great shoes for walking, riding I love these shoes, pretty comfortable and comparable to my adidas tour 360 shoes. Highly recommended. Definitely worth the price.
B008QY0KMK Between a 10 and 10.5... I always have a little problem getting the sizing to be perfect, but these shoes are very comfortable and they look awesome.Recommendation: don't go walk 7,000 yards without getting part of a round in with these shoes first or else you'll find yourself with blisters on your heels like I do right now.
B008QY0KMK Love them! Absolutely love these shoes!  I waited a year to buy them when the price dropped below $100, so I'm very happy to have them finally.  They are the coolest golf shoes I have seen.  I have 2 other pairs of Puma golf shoes and these seem to run a bit big, but Pumas are all over the board in general. I have 7 pair overall and they range from 11-12.  I ordered a 12 in this shoe and would have probably ended up with a 11 1/2 if I had been able to try them on.  Highly recommend these if you can find them in your size!
B008QY0KMK Too big I have three other  pairs of Puma shoes that fit perfectly at a 10 1/2; these golf shoes ran larger than my normal Puma shoes
B008QY0KMK Great shoes The shoes fit very well and are extremely comfortable. I would put them on the same level as the Adidas Adizeros. Considering how cheap these shoes were, they were a steal. I'm very satisfied.
B008QY0MWS PUMA GOLF SHOES Received these shoes in Australia within 8 days and am very pleased with them, they fit my husband perfectly.  I ordered 1/2 size larger than normal as advised by your reviewers of this shoe and am extremely pleased that I did.  Very happy with product and excellent service Amazon.  Thank you
B008QY0MWS Good inexpensive shoes Just played my first round in them and are quite comfortable. The caveat is new shoes don't always enhance your game.........
B008QY0MWS Good shoes Very comfortable shoes, wore them for 18 holes the day after I got them and they felt great.  I'm not sure if these are water resistant, but the course was soaked and my feet were dry.  Very happy with the purchase.
B008QY0MWS Nice shoe, grip well These golf shoes grip well, look well, and fit well and at a  very decent price. These are  comfortable golf shoes.
B008QY0MWS Casual shoes I really like this shoes there a little flat but for the most part are comfortable nice looking puma shoes!
B008QY0MWS Great afternoon shoes Very comfortable, good grip when dry outside. Not the best for early morning golf when dew is on the ground.
B008QY0MWS Golf Shoes Fit great!  My child loves them!!!!  I would recommend these shoes to any golfer.  They meet/exceed his expectations.Great shoes.
B008QY0MWS Great shoes! Really like the shoes, have worn them for 18 holes and no problems so far.  Very comfy and fits perfect.
B008QY0MWS First time  today Shoes are fine just need some wear to break in for real comfort. Looking forward to the next round of golf.
B008QY0TJO comfortable These shoes are comfortable and fit as expected. Might be a tad bit wider than nike golf shoes, but that is preferable for me.
B008QY0TJO Great Shoes! Very good looking and comfortable too! Theses shoes fit as listed. After two rounds of golf in one day, my feet feel great.
B008QY1N9O best fitting golf shoes ever best fitting  golf  shoes  ever
B008QY1N9O PUMA Men's Spark Sport 2 Golf Shoe,White/Black/Puma Silver These shoes are great!! They are very comfortable and support my foot well. After a long day on the course my feet do not hurt.
B008QY1N9O Great for the price! These shoes are comfortable, they have a good look. I have had these shoes for a little over a month and I have no complaints, I recommend these shoes to other golfers!
B008QY1N9O Great Shoes! I needed to replace my old pair of Nike golf shoes and decided to try Puma's Spark Sport 2 golf shoes.  The shoes do run a tad large. I typically an wear 11.5 or 12, and had to exchange the 11.5s I ordered for 11s.  Other than that, these shoes have been fantastic!  They didn't need to be broken in, I played 9 holes with them straight out of the box.  They're extremely comfortable and have great grip.  I've now played 4 rounds with them and they feel great.  For the price, you can't beat this shoe.
B008QY1N9O Excellent golf shoes These are high quality golf shoes.  They look expensive and are comfortable as well.  Would recommend these for serious golfers.
B008QY1X0S Nice shoes for the price I haven't bought golf shoes in 10 years, so maybe they're supposed to be big, but I wish I would have bought a half size smaller. I wear a 10.5 in puma soccer shoes, but probably need a 10 in these golf shoes.  Otherwise they're very comfortable, and great grip on the golf course! I've worn them for 2 full rounds during my first week and wouldn't exchange them at all for anything other than sizing. I recommend!
B008QY1X0S Nice shoes I went to Dicks sporting goods and couldn't find any golf shoes for under $100. The orange Pumas I wanted were $150. These were $50. I've worn them a few times, they seem water tight but haven't been tested. They're pretty comfortable. I did already lose a spike so tighten up.
B008QY1X0S Great Shoes I recently started playing golf and I needed some shoes. I bought the vibrant orange shoe on sale for 50 dollars. At that price point the shoes were a great deal. The shoes fit well and they were extremely comfortable. The shoes have performed well so far and they allow me to have good posture on the grass. The soft spikes also seem durable and they can be replaced if the need arises. I will definitely experience enjoyment from these shoes.
B008QY1X0S Very comfortable shoe These shoes are comfortable and have a classic look to them gets attention from other players around me, many compliments on these shoes.Thanks,Eddie
B008QY1X0S Like the shoes. Shoes look good and fit well. Perform as desired. Easy to replace the plastic spikes. Would recommend them to any golfer.
B008QY1X0S Amazing shoes I love these shoes!!! And so did the foursome I played with. I wore them for the first time at a tournament the first weekend I had them.  They are very light and sharp looking.  They feel as if you're not wearing shoes at all. I'm planning to purchase another pair in a blue this time. Buy these shoes and you won't regret it.  They run about half a size bigger than normal but that is no problem at all.
B008QY1X0S Great Shoes I went out shopping for golf shoes and came across them and immediately like them but the color was ugly and they had very few sizes. I scanned the bar code on my phone and they came up on amazon in many colors and sizes and not to mention they were about $30-$40 dollars cheaper. Great quality and very comfortable.
B008QY1X0S puma golf shoes the puma golf shoes were priced excellent, the design is uniques and different than the designs i have seen in the local pro shopsthanks again for the quick processing of the order
B008QY1X0S Puma golf shoes Nice shoes just a little snug around the sides! Other than that great shoes! Very comfortable other than that try on a pair before you buy just to make sure!
B008QY1X0S My husband favorite golf shoes!!! My husband loves his new golf shoes. The look is outstanding...He said they fit perfectly and they are very comfortable shoes!!!
B008QY1X0S Great pair of golf shoes. Golf shoes were extremely comfortable and fit well.  Couldn't have asked for a better shoe.  I am going to buy them again.
B008QY1X0S First experience in Puma shoes The shoes are stylish. I wore them to walk 18 holes right out of the box. While they were a  little tight  on my toes overall they were comfortable
B008QY1X0S Very comfortable I love these golf shoes. My feet never got tired during my 2 day 36 hole golf trip. Very impressed.
B008QY1X0S puma The shoes came in as the date expected. fit perfect, like the color and style. I recommended the shoes to my co golfer.
B008QY1X0S Finally! It took a long time to find golf shoes that fit. Now I have them. They feel good and work well. Thanks Puma!
B008QY1X0S Great shoes. Very comfortable and the cleats are easy to take off and put back on. I still suck at golf, but at least I look good doing it.
B008QY1X0S I get the good wife award! I bought these shoes and a matching glove for my husband for a fun golf gift.  He was in desperate need of new golf shoes and these fit him perfectly and had a matching glove.  Perfect!
B008QY1X0S Great fit and comfort. I purchased these shoes to replace some old Foot Joy's and what a difference.  The Puma's are extremely light weight and very comfortable.  No discomfort after walking 18 holes.  It's like wearing a good pair of tennis shoes.
B008QY1X0S Puma AMP Sport Golf Shoe I was kind of iffy about ordering golf shoes online but the price was right. When I received the shoes in the mail I tried them on and was blown away by the comfort. They even feel better on the golf course. Highly recommended!
B008QY1X0S Awesome shoes Great golf shoes.  I have used these all summer, and they have held up very well.  In my experience, Puma products always are very quality and these shoes did not disappoint.  Save some money and buy these instead of overpriced Footjoys.  The cleats are great, and I have not had to replace any yet.  Very comfortable, and the break-in period was very short.  Time will tell on the durability, but I am very satisfied with these shoes.
B008QY3N5Q Comfortable shoes Great price and comfortable for four hours on the golf course.Slightly too big, otherwise they are fine. Would definitely buy again.
B008QY3N5Q No arch supports needed! Best shoe I have used. I usually take a riding cart when I play golf. But, I tried to walk and the shoes helped a lot. I walked 18 and I had no pain and it feels like you are walking on a sponge. I have low arches and the shoes helped. I didn't have to use my arch supports and I had no pain. Really good product and looks really nice.
B008QY3N5Q Awesome !! Awesome shoes . Very comfy . Took the spikes off to get a spikless feel and it's just as grippy (will put them back on eventually) . Played in the wet an dry and have no problems . I rate these shoes an. I certainitly will be buying from the puma range again !
B008QY3N5Q True Grip Golf was never my passion. Once a week at the local course in tennis shoes.However, after my purchase of these shoes I did notice a remarkable difference in comfort and stability. Well worth the money.
B008QY3N5Q Men need wide shoes Beautiful pair of shoes, however the medium width just didn't cut it.  The wide width shoes, if you can find them get sold out very fast.  I don't understand why manufacturers just don't get it!
B008R9Y0V6 The Best Sneaks I own These are one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes that I own. They fit like a glove from the first wear. Even though you have a wedge you feel like you are walking in flats. They aren't heavy and they are very cushioned and supportive. I've worn these to to the mall, stood in them for at least two hours, walked a few miles and experienced no feet/ankle fatigue. I've worn them with the ankle straps closed and open and they the ankle support is great either way. Since I got these I've ordered the gray pair and I'm looking to get the blue and white ones. Some of the reviews said that they run large but they were perfect for me. I usually wear an 8.5 in sneakers and the 8.5 fits perfect with a little toe room. There is no toe discomfort that you may feel with some heels or wedges you get from your feet sliding to the front of your shoe. My feet don't slide in these shoes, they just sit perfectly in the footbed. I think this is what makes them so great. They fit perfect, feel great and they are super stylish. I had been watching them for about a year before I got them and I'm so glad that I did!
B008R9Y0V6 daughter was very happy with shoes got shoes for my daughter. She  very happy when they came. They were very well made , they  fit very well and look  great.
B008R9Y0V6 Great Shoes I love these shoes. Have had them for a few months now and am still a big fan. I don't usually wear high heels (and these are high!) but sneakers instead - these are a perfect combination! Ideal with shorts or short skirts / dresses but I also have a pair of Jeans these look great with. Super comfortable!
B008RAGKBS Perfect shoes These shoes are super comfortable and look amazing. Quickly became my favorite pair. They look great with my Dortmund jersey!
B008RAGKBS False advertising I filtered my search to find stability shoes and found these among just a few choices. They are described as stability shoes, but they have one major flaw. There is no arch in these shoes.Other minor flaws include the upper tongue. It is stifling with some pressure points.As for what I like about the shoe, the material feels of good quality. The front part with the navy blue felt does not show scratch marks as with other shoes where a single stroke of the finger nail will leave a streak.
B008RB3A1A Great shoes These shoes are really stylish and comfortable and I'm glad I purchased them.  I feel that they were worth the money, which is something that I was initially afraid of.
B008RLXJCK Perfect fit!! I bought these shoes as a first year golfer and I find them to be very comfortable. I would highly recommend them to anyone!
B008RLXJCK Women's Golf Shoes  Puma The purchaser is a man.  Kirk is a male name. These shoes were purchased for my wife, not for me.  She loves them.
B008RLXJCK My favorite PUMA golf shoes!!! Very comfortable and versatile.  I have this in white too.  Since I live in two separate countries, I own two (black and white pairs) of these shoes at my other home too.  It is the lightest and airiest pair and feel like I'm walking on clouds.  I'm a PUMA girl and this style shoes are my favorite.......so far!
B008RLY7NK Nice golf shoe but it's HOT These shoes are cute and do their job but they are very hot! They are made from man-made materials with no breathability. Even with the thinnest socks they are still hot. They might be better for cold weather since your feet will be furnaces. I still like them and and they are the least expensive golf shoes I could find, plus I love Puma.
B008RLY7NK Fun & Comfortable Golf Shoes These shoes are awesome: fun, comfortable fit, and great traction while golfing. Instead of switching to golf shoes at the course I can put these on at home!
B008RLY7NK Love the shoes! Love the shoes, comfortable and fit as expected.  I love the soles for golfing.  Now I don't have to change back and forth from street shoes to golf shoes.  And the soles stay so much cleaner than the spike shoes.  I would recommend these golf shoes.
B008RLY7NK Love these shoes! I was so glad I purchased these shoes! They are very comfortable to play golf in and not to mention, I get tons of compliments on them!
B008RLY7NK Great Golfing Shoes! This is my first year as a golfer and these are my first golf shoes.  When I saw the picture, I though that they would be perfect and they are.  Very comfortable and easy to clean!
B008VQ14T6 Durability issues I wear these shoes to work only and they fell apart.  The only abuse they take is me walking to lunch from work and they still fell came apart.  The shoelace buttons popped out and the sole wore down really fast.  I do like the style of the shoe as an alternate to more formal dress shoes.
B008VQOGQ4 Great shoes! These shoes were a wonderful purchase - good price, comfortable, and unusual/stylish. Definitely recommend them if you're looking for something trendy but special!
B008VUJBLA My daughter private school shoes my daughter is only allowed to wear red, white, or blue shoes for her private school and these have fit her all year. Love them!! VERY durable!!
B008VV1KZE Great shoes Really lovely colours , soft fit , gentle on my girls feet, we often have trouble getting shoes that don't hurt her feet, these have been great from day one!!! And she loves them too!!
B008VV1KZE Pretty shoes Nice shoes, they look good on my daughters feet.  Bright and lovely colours and comfortable shoes, bought these in size 13 for my 6 year old daughter.
B008XAUJB4 Beautiful shoes and very durable I chose my rating because this vendor deserves it. These shoes are made very well. They are also an amazing value and I would recommend these to anyone who likes the colors
B00903XD6Q Pretty but bad termination This shoes are really cool, casual. They're comfy and all but didn't like that the white band doesn't have very good termination in comparison to other Puma shoes.
B0098IBSTM Fitted to my feet as am expecting. Every time I buy puma shoes for my self, I am satisfied coz its always fitted to my feet and it was lighter than other shoes, I like also the design and I am comfortable on using it. One reason also why I like it coz the tounge was connected to both sides. I like also the combination of the colors.
B0098IBSTM Love MY shoes I couldn't wait to get these awesome shoes ....all is great and I will be order again and will also advise others.
B0098IBSU6 NOT RUBBER SOLE, but slippery I just ordered two of these pair, one in the coffee with purple, the other with varying browns.  THE SOLE IS SLIPPERY, NOT RUBBER, but rather just like those cheap Chinese soles you see in Walmart sneakers.  I didn't even have to fully remove the shoes from the box, just felt alongside one sole, to know these shoes are NOT good.So, I tested one of the other pair.  The sole might not slip on kitchen lineoleum.  I found good traction there, when placing one shoe on the lineoleum, with my hand.  But I wouldn't trust it in a Walmart or other store.Why this concern?  I was replacing good Reeboks and Batas which had genuine rubber or gum soles, which due to age had hardened and become slippery.  I slipped in the store with those aged shoes.  So if once-good soles become hard and slippery, what then of soles which already feel slippery?Thank you Amazon that these shoes are eligible for Free Returns.  For that's exactly what I'll do with them, RETURN.The shoes are advertised as rubber-soled.  NOT.  So no point, in even trying them on.  I can't therefore comment on anything else about the shoes, except that they are very light, and look cheaply made.
B0098ID10G Comfortable, Lightweight Shoes, But Slippery Original review, 2013-12-31:These are nice shoes - very comfy. The sole is one piece of foam-ish rubber which coats the outer edges and bottom of the shoe. There's a small fuzzy insole layer inside the shoe where your foot touches it. It's quite comfortable and everything has held up well (I've worn them a lot since July [2013] when I bought them). The shoes themselves are also very lightweight (weigh about as much as my phone?) and the soles aren't wearing down much (as they tend to do around the heels and balls of my feet, usually). One thing: the shoes are slippery on the soles. Complete non-issue on asphalt or dry concrete, but in the rain or on smooth concrete (or on smooth tile floor) this can be an issue if you make abrupt turns. Also, the soles make a suction-cup sound when you walk on these kinds of smooth surfaces. Not a huge deal, but non-trivial if you've got poor balance. I have yet to slip significantly due to this, so I say it's fine, but I could see it being a problem for some. [Duration of ownership: ~5 months]Update, 2014-03-04:The shoes are still in pretty good shape (I wear them almost daily, but I have 2 pairs which I alternate). The soles have faded somewhat (mostly at the heel and the ball of the foot). The outside of the shoes still looks to be in quite good shape. [Duration of ownership: ~7 months]
B009DUWCEA Well, They're Pumas I love these shoes and would recommend these for any puma wearers. They're an interesting style, but that's kinda how pumas are.p.s. I think the sizes might be a little small. I have 9 1/2 feet and I got 10 shoes, but they're still really tight.
B009FD25EC Good shoes, not quite like the picture These are good shoes, fit like any other pair of Pumas.  The orange color is a lot more shiny and neon than it appears in the picture though.  these shoes basically glow.
B009FD2LM8 Great Fit an Style.. These shoes R AWSOME.. When I got these VIA FedeX. Couldn't wait to get the package open to try them on an see if they looked as KOOL as they did on AmaZons web sight. And was pleased that they fit and looked Awsome. They R true to size with almost a sock like fit. If your looking for a nice an stylish pair of Tennis Shoes these would fit the bill.. Very Happy I chose to get for myself.Thanks AmaZon !!!
B009FD2LM8 good shoes The shoes do not have that great of arch support. They also had a pretty long break in period. Other than that they are nice shopped.
B009FD2LM8 shoes I like to thank u for the shoes the fit perfect it  is hard to fine my size in shoe so I was glade to fine
B009FD2LM8 Very confortable This shoes looks really good and feel real confy!I love the colors. inside they feel cool and I can wear them all day without feeling my feet wet.
B009FD59H2 Great Shoes!!! I bought these shoes for my husband and he absolutely loved them!!  He said they are very light weight and comfortable.  The picture does not do them justice!! They look even better in person.
B009FDO3U6 These are so cool. I was looking around for some new, sort of unique, running shoes and I happened upon these pieces of art. These are some cool shoes. Each strap moves around a bit freely, so when you flex your toes the strips in the front move around. I think that's pretty cool.My only concern when I purchased these shoes was whether they'd be a problem in the rain. So far, no problem, and I live in a very rainy environment. The straps do a good job of protecting your feet/toes in the shoe.The hook and loop strap on the shoes makes it very easy to adjust them slightly, but I have no problem with just slipping them on and off with a little push. With that said, I have no worries of them flying off. The ended up fitting my feet very well, and I'm very happy with that. They are extremely comfortable and they are my dailies.It has been a while since I've been this happy with a pair of shoes, and willing certainly pick up another pair when the time comes.
B009FDO3U6 &lt;3 These shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever in my opinion.  I love the look because nobody else has the same style.
B009FDPVRK Puma shoes This show is great. Very light weight and breaths very well. These are workout shoes I use at the gym for about an hour and a half 5 days a week. I wouldn't wear these on a regular basis. I feel these are made more for the gym. The treads on the bottom aren't very thick so I don't think they're really made for rugged or outdoor use. Very comfortable, fits well, and stylish.
B009FDPVRK Shoes for the beach These shoes are terrible for the gymn, bad soles and they fit terrible,, Waste of money .. Use them at the beach
B009FDR416 perfect shoes and light I ordered 11 based on previous ouma shoes already owned and they fit well. Really good colors! I ordered the gray and yellow and green. They are some way light and tend To look cheap and willing to torn apart off the glue. but I hope they dont
B009FE8HE8 My Puma Shoes I like this shoes very much, they fit and look great on me. I also like the color a lot like the day they look dark navy but at night they look black i think its very cool.They are very comfortable to wear. I definitely recommend them to anybody who likes slip on shoes. I have not worn shoes with shoes laces since like 2009, slip on shoes all the way.
B009FLJKWY Shoes are great but at first Amazon sent me used shoes! The shooes feel a bit tight but not small....... I was very disappointed that amazon first sent me used Pumas... the exchange process was pretty painless though...Overall I like my new Pumas
B009FM4BCW WAY COOL SHOES! Comfortable shoes to wear and the colours? . . . Way cool!  I would recommend them to any one considering them.
B009FM4BCW Bought as a gift I bought these shoes as a gift for my fianc&eacute;e and he is extremely picky about his shoes.  He said these are so comfortable and he wants to order more!  They have more padding than the traditional all-suede pumas.  These are true to size.
B009FM4GK4 Love these shoes! These shoes are super comfortable, look great, and go with many casual looks. I have a few pairs of Pumas in suede as well, and will be buying more.
B009FM4GK4 Good looking shoes I get complimented on these shoes regularly and they fit true to size. Wouldn't bother going up/down a size for this purchase, as the shoes are pretty spacious and fit like a dream.
B009FM4GK4 Great lightweight shoes I ordered a size 13 ,which fit me fine in the Puma Suede style,but in this style these where too big.I replaced them for a size 12 and it is a petfect fit.They are nice lightweight shoes and the black/white version is a great everywhere shoe.Also come with two sets of laces one black other white for a different look.Better than other cheaper canvas shoes ,can't compare to higher end shoes cause $50 or so is the most I pay for shoes.
B009FM4GK4 Need more support.. I brought these as i'm unable to buy decent casual shoes in a half size Australia so brought them off Amazon & found these shoes to be great fitting but lack padding/support. They are great summer shoe but i wouldn't want to go for a long walk in them as your feet would pay for it.
B009FM5NTM Excellent Fits perfect, and is extremely comfortable. I'm not used to wearing shoes like these because the soles aren't comfortable but these feel great no matter how long I wear them.
B009FM5NTM Awesome shoes I've been waiting on a pair of shoes from puma that looked like this for awhile and I'm not disappointed.
B009FM64EK My shoes excellent tennis, the use each day, are very comfortable, just get dirty very easy, that's what I did not like at all, everything else is great
B009FM64EK Nice, eye catching shoes I've gotten comments on these shoes by several people. It's definitely different. Love the color combo too. My only complaint is wish it was about 20 bucks cheaper..hahah.
B009FMQXLE love these shoes, puma future suede great shoes got them fast and easy..:) love how fast i got these shoes and there really lite thanks a lot
B009FMR6D8 larger than I expected, real nice shoes like the shoes however they were much large then other size 12M I had worn, style was great got a return for a 11.5M
B009FMR6D8 Comfortable shoes. I bought these sneakers for my son for his birthday. He really likes the shoes except for the flap that goes across the top. It hangs out over the front of the shoe. It does not velcro down.
B009FMR6D8 Great shoes These shoes are very comfortable and look even better in person. I'm very satisfied with them.  I highly recommend them.
B009FMR6D8 great shoes For the price these shoes are definitely worth it. I am satisfied with these shoes as it fits week on my feet.
B009FMRIS6 cool My son needed shoes that would brace a broken / healing ankle. These were perfect shoes for the support he needs.
B009FMRLQU Good looking shoes Nice slick looking shoes for casual wear! Not meant to be worn playing sports or any heavy activity. Shoes are light weight.
B009FMRLQU Cool classic shoes Great pair of shoes, they look cool and they are EXTREMELY light! Serioulsy, you won't believe how light these are until you have them in your hand. They are made mostly of fiber, and rubber on the bottom, wich explains the weight.I got the blue ones and the color is just as the one shown on the picture. If you find them at a reasonable price, I reccomend them.
B009FMRLQU Good Skate Shoes. I'm really OCD about my shoes. The whites seemed to be a bit off in the picture. They're not in all actuality. These shoes are really light, they have a grip on the toe and the heel. Can't complain. Recommend them.
B009FMRLQU Excellent buy I've owned several pairs of puma's and these are great. They're very light, yet don't feel cheaply made. I highly recommend these shoes!
B009FMSK1A Awesome! These shoes are way more than I expected! They are ultra lite in weight but extremely comfortable on my foot!! I do a lot of walking around at college so I needed something comfortable, but didn't know these shoes would be it. I bought these for the look and was pleasantly surprised! If your thinking about it I'd say get them!
B009FN614C Great shoes! These just came in a couple of days ago and I'm so happy with them. They fit perfectly, true to size. They look amazing and feel so comfortable. I went on a 3 mile walk in them and these shoes were so comfortable.
B009FN614C Daughter loves her Puma shoes She wanted Nike, but now that she's played B'ball (7th grade) in her Puma shoes, she's happy as a clam. These shoes add 3/4&#34; to her height and she had to get used to the fact that the heal is higher than the ball of her foot in them. However, that turns into an advantage on the floor. She wouldn't trade them for anything.
B009FN614C Great shoes! I have never bought shoes online before and I usually have a really hard time finding shoes that fit but, these shoes fit great.  They don't feel like you're wearing wedges at all. I love these shoes.
B009FN614C True to size I'm normally a 7 in tennis shoes and 7.5 in wedge shoes so I ordered a 7.5 and they fit perfectly.
B009FN614C lots of compliments i dont wear gym shoes but the wedge puma is a must have! So many little girls approach me about how nice my shoes are. Adults too but the little 1s make me smile lol. Great shoe!
B009FN614C Love this wedge Puma! Comfortable, cute, fashionable, and stylish! I've gotten several compliments on these shoes. First saw these shoes on someone in the airport and had to have them! Amazon had the best price and, of course, the fastest shipping!
B009FN614C Very Pleased I really like my shoes. They came so fast and I am happy over-all. I've gotten a lot of compliments on them as well.
B009FN614C Love these shoes! I really like these shoes but the quality of the leather is not up to my standards.  The shoes are cute, comfortable, and classy.  You can dress them up or dress them down.  There are great, I just couldn't give them 5 stars because of the leather, it looks cheap.
B009FN614C I love these shoes Even though the yellow is a little bright (it was the only color offered in my size with Prime) I am loving these shoes.  All previous reviews were correct - they are so comfortable and do not feel like you are wearing heels.  I wish I could wear them to work - but they look a bit odd in the office!  Would highly recommend
B009FN614C Better than expected I'm a girlie and usually wear pumps all the time.  I don't wear gym shoes often, but I seen these in anoter color at the DSW store but because I don't wear tennis shoes other than to work out normally I felt it would be too much money.  So while browsing on line I seen these they are awesome.  I have not worn them out yet because it has been so warm, but watch out when I do. Great job PUMA
B009FN614C Comfortable Shoes I ever Had!!!!! These shoes are so comfortable! They are an eye-catcher and everyone wanna know where I got them from! I still thinking if I should tell them! Lol! Great shoes
B009FN614C i like it the color of this shoes like to red&#65292;but it's till very butiful. i like it very much! The shoes are comfortable to wear
B009FN6IEK Love! These shoes are great! Way more comfortable then other slip on shoes.  The mesh fabric helps with ventilation for hot summer days.
B009FNMVBY Feels like slippers! These shoes are so comfortable and easy to slip on, I am very happy with my purchase!  For ballet flats, I highly recommend these shoes.
B009FNMVBY Comfortable Shoes Nice shoes that wear more like slippers. I usually wear between 7 and 7 1/2 but these shoes in a 7 1/2 barely fit. I will keep them but wonder if I would have been better off with the 8's.
B009G1T35M PUMA shoes I have many pairs of athletic shoes as I am a fitness & wellness trainer.  These are great, fun and fit comfortably.  My clients love the bright color.
B009G1T35M Eye-catching Shoes Great looking shoes.  Received many compliments on them at my granddaughter's softball tournament.  Just be sure to buy a half size larger.
B009G1T5YG An okay purchase I love the look of the shoes but they aren't very comfortable.  They are not cushioned and the ankle area sits much higher than most tennis shoes I own.  That causes the shoes to rub against the ankle bones and back of the angle until the shoes break in.  They could use more support for my soles.
B009G1T5YG Great design/comfortable shoes I work in retail so comfortable shoes is a must. They did hurt a little breaking them in but now they feel good. Its very hard to find a pair of shoes that will allow your feet to breathe but isn't cloth mesh which breaks down over time. I'm hoping with the plastic mesh & a half size slightly larger, these shoes will last longer than a year.
B009G1T5YG puma shoes I am very happy with the Puma shoes I recently ordered through Amazon! I love that I can track my orders and things always come so quickly and are always as pictured and in perfect condition!
B009G1T5YG Awesome! I love these shoes! They fit wonderfully and are so comfortable to walk or run in. They are also really cool looking on your feet.
B009G1T5YG Perfect color These shoes are very comfortable and easy on and off. The pink is the perfect pop of color. The shoes came earlier than expected. Great deal and perfect style.
B009G1T5YG great walking shoes these are the best shoes i have worn in a long time.  i feel like i am walking on air
B009G1T5YG Love it These shoes are very comfortable and works for any of the work outs I'm doing. Fast shipping! The only thing wrong was I thought the shoes were black and they turned out grey.
B009G1TV1S i love this shoes the shoes are very nice, comfortable, size is accurate, I loved the colors.thank you very much for providing such good quality products
B009G1U2XE Puma shoe I love the puma.... I have never worn puma before nor ordered shoes on line.  Very comfortable these are my kick around shoes.  Not using them to exercise.
B009G1U2XE Great shoes... I've been a long-time Puma fan (don't ever buy their headphones), and these shoes are as expected, and I got them at a good price. I walk far to reach work everyday, taking PT...also my job requires me to stand and walk a lot, so I needed a good shoe to walk in. I know Pumas run small, so BEWARE, and I recommend ordering a size-up, but if you get your size it's gonna be a bit tight, and if you go a size-up, it's going to be a bit loose...so you kinda can't totally win w/Puma shoes IMO, nevertheless, I love them, and I've rcvd several compliments on these (I got the purple and pink). These have been comfortable and helpful for my daily commute, and trying to maintain foot and posture health (esp after a recent lower-back injury)... Happy shopping!
B009G1U2XE love these shoes These shoes look really awesome. There wasn't even a breaking in period. They fit great right out of the box . I have rheumatoid arthritis and have developed plantar fasciitis and I would definitely recommend these to anyone with these problems or even if you don't have them.
B009G1UD2E Love! I gave a four because I don't remember seeing that the shoes were not actual lace up shoes but that the tongue is all attached and its like a slip on.. so its a little bit tighter than what I would like but with each wear they get looser.  They are comfy and fit great! I normally where a 10 but went a 1/2 size up just in case plus I have to put in different insoles and they fit perfect!
B009G1UD2E don't buy I wore these shoes less than two weeks and I have wore out the heels. Very poorly made shoes.I will not by PUMA again.
B009G1VXJG BETTER THAN I THOUGHT! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE SHOES! I love the fit and went on a walk when I got them and then later turned into a run. I am completely satisfied with these shoes and it was such an affordable buy! I definitely recommend to any seller out there looking for a great pair of running shoes.
B009G1VXJG Fashion and comfort I wear a size ten, so it's hard to find shoes that make my feet look llke a normal sized feet and are comforable too. These are those shoes! They don't look like clown shoes on my feet and feel like I am wearing house shoes. After a day of shopping with my daughter they still felt comfortable. The turquoise blue and black look sporty and eyecatching. I'm glad I took a chance and purchased these shoes.
B009G1VXJG Love these beauties. I got these for my  11yr old. They look great on her but more importantly they fit comfortably and are nearly indestructible. They are more pricey than your dollar store shoes for kids but it has been my experience with Puma shoes that they last the entire school year and then a second school year when they pass on to my younger daughter and can be used beyond that still looking great and looking darn near new.
B009G1VXJG like i like this shoes . was to hard find in your priceand i dont run  but for use this shoes i do it  from righ now ejjejej
B009GZS6OW Good shoes, order a size up. I usually wear a size 12, but I had to move up to a 13 at the behest of the comments, other than that these shoes are fairly flawless in the first week that I've had them. They fit my wider feet and I've been nothing but pleased with the comfort. I did play a pickup game of soccer in them, and they held up well and were very comfortable. All in all, aside from being a tad long on the end, these shoes are very good.
B009GZS6OW Fantastic shoes for anyone who likes soccer style shoes without all the bells and whistles of a comp boot. I am very satisfied with these shoes. They fit well, look nice and if there's ever a time for a bit of footy, they're with me. They're fairly thin, especially on the sole, so anyone with wide feet or a high arch may find them uncomfortable. I've had these for a few weeks and they're already losing some rigidity and molding nicely.
B009K9OTJA Nice shoes I ordered these shoes for my 2 yr old son. Shipment was fast and the shoes look great . Would definitely recommend for your toddler!
B009KRMGFQ Very attractive, fitted, nice shoes. Happy with these shoes.  fit seems slightly small, but my daughters feet grow very slowly (age 7, only just barely into a size 13) so I am not worried she will grow out of them.  The grey color is very light, but attractive.  Daughter says these are comfortable.
B009KRMGFQ High quality shoes My little girl is happy that's all that matter to me she love the shoes very cute shoes and it fitperfect .
B009KSDDUM Awesome deal These shoes were exactly what we wanted. They were priced just right as well. When you can pay under 20 bucks for name brand shoes...I call that a win! :) They fit well, and I haven't had any complaints from my daughter.
B009KSDTL0 Good shoes fits a bit small for an 8 Good shoes fits a bit small for an 8 my little guy is wearing a 7 right now so was hoping to get an 8 to last until next summer but it seems these shoes are tight for an 8.
B009KSDTL0 So cute but hurt the bottoms of her feet My 3 year old and I both thought these were great looking shoes, and she couldn't wait to wear them.  But after about 15 minutes, she told me that her feet hurt.  I asked her to show me where, and she took off the shoes and pointed to the bottoms of her feet.  They were all red from the little nubs in the shoes - it looked like she had polka dots on the bottoms of her feet.  Once she's decided that a shoe hurts, she's not going anywhere near it again.  We had to return them.
B009KUFSIK Birthday Present I bought these shoes as a gift to my step-niece.  She plays volleyball and has been needing new shoes.  She absolutely loved them!  Great buy overall :)
B009KW027A They are a bit tight They are a bit tight, my son liked the shoes but apparently grew a little tightened foot and shoes. I do not understand, I ordered the size he wears., my son liked the shoes but apparently grew a little tightened foot and shoes. I do not understand, I ordered the size he wears.
B009MNYG1U nicest shoes ive had the shoes fit perfectly, look great. i couldnt be happier. They came with white laces and black laces too for those who want the option.
B009MNYG1U Awesome shoes Colors and style is exactly like the picture describes, fit is to size of any of my puma shoes, very comfortable and like that fact that it comes with both blue and orange laces.
B009O49UBS I love PUMA shoes These shoes are awesome even though the color is a little off.  To me, the shoe looks black and purple online but when I received them, they are black and blue.  Either way, these shoes look great.
B009SCY9AI These shoes are awesome. I have 11.5 feet and that is the size I ordered.  These fit perfectly, although I should point out that I have narrow feet.I love driving with these shoes!  Whenever I wear anything else I feel like I don't have any precision on my pedals.  Heel-toeing is so easy with these shoes on.  They are also really light.The materials are very nice and the colors look amazing.  I wear these all day, every day, and even though they have a super thin sole, they have held up very well.  I did get them soaking wet while watching a football game and they were discolored for a week or so, but they bounced back by just drying them and wearing them.Just buy these, they are stylish and great driving shoes!
B009STI9NO Not Very Comfortable These shoes look great and I was hoping that they would be really comfortable. However, they are not. After four days of walking extensively (I bought them to wear while working a PGA golf tournament), they are still very stiff and not breaking in. In fact, they are starting to give me blisters. They are acceptable, just not great.
B009STI9NO very good i like this pumas shoes, are very confortable, and i like all pumas shoes are very beautifull thanks puma. i love pumas stores
B009STI9NO Great Deal Bought these on cyber monday and got them for 50% off. These shoes are amazing, took me about 3 days to break them in where i got shin splints (get them every time i have new shoes) but they went away when the shoes were broken in. Amazing cushion for my feet. Highly recommend
B009STNEF2 A Bit Heavy These shoes feel a bit large to me, and very well padded. If your looking for very lightweight shoes I would look elsewhere.
B009STNEF2 Pain is gone Bought these shoes because they were recommended to help with Achilles Tendonitis.. I now wear them everywhere all day long teaching and then long walks.  The pain is gone.Great shoes.
B009STNEF2 Ok The shoes fit well Look good. One thing, The shoes has yellow p&oacute;&#322;ka dots around the heel. That something the pictures don't show.
B009STNEF2 Great buy. Comfort and support are the highest with these Cross-Training Shoes.Casual wear is easy with this stylish look. Will buy for my sons.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes!!! I purchased these shoes about 8 months ago, and I loved them the moment I took them out of the box! The shoes were incredibly comfortable, and had a nice, supportive sole. I am not a runner, but when I do go running, these shoes keep my feet feeling great afterward! Used in the winter and summer, I found that it was a great year-round shoe.  It even does well in the snow, since it is perforated, well, whatever material it is!  There is also some nice coushining around the ankle, which I much appreciated.My only complaint is the tongue pulling up lip thing.  It is a very thick rubber type material, and isn't very smooth.  With that being said, if you ever bend your foot up toward your shin - be it putting your feet under your chair, or tying your shoe - the lib pushed hard into your skin, and kind of hurts.  I have gotten used to it (even built up a small callus there), but it would be a factor to consider if I were buying these shoes again.
B009STNEF2 I love my pumas shoes great shoes ,nice colors and fit  and feel good,and the best the price from amazon,thanks, I will keep looking for more offers on puma
B009STNEF2 Great shoe These shoes were Comfortable, bright and light. I've work them to the gym once and have already gotten asked many times where I got them
B009STNEF2 puma shoes really like the style and they are very comfortable. they are great for everyday wearing or for working out in the gym, going on a run or simply wearing them casual with shorts or jeans
B009SUP00S shoes with stains not visible to the eye very nice and sturdy shoes, expected colorshoes have little visible shadowcarving tight but coorrectaI recommend putting the darker gray
B009V3NJR8 good looking and feeling shoes I really liked the shoes, they're light and feel very comfortable.I would also give it five stars But the red color is bright like almost pink but i managed to make it work.
B009V3NJR8 Great color I was looking for some cheap comfortable shoes. To my surprise, this is everything I wanted. When I run in these shoes they don't put a strain on my feet which is a necessity for great shoes.
B009XHPWAY Nice fit I was a little concerned about buying shoes over the Internet, so I took a tape measure to see how long my feet were, and it was exactly 27 cm (US 9), so I checked the size chart  to see what size would match. So I ordered it, worrying about if it could be a larger or an smaller for my feet. The shoes arrived in time, regarding the fact that I live outside US. It was the perfect fit and the shoes are very comfortable.I'm a beginner on soccer, so I was looking for universal shoes where I can used them on any field, and for the price  I think these will make a good job.
B009XHPWAY Good shoes, nice fit I was a bit nervous about buying shoes on-line as sizes vary slightly and I have wide feet ( e.g I never wear Adidas as any Adidas soccer boots I've tried on are very narrow for my feet). These Pumas arrived in 2 days, much quicker than the promised delivery of 3 - 5 business days and were a very good fit, size was exact as promised. The only negative is that the product description details they are kangaroo leather ( and other mixed materials). The shoes feel very plasticky, if there's any leather content it's not immediatly visible to me. Good fit, look good and I may swap out the blue laces for red laces, that's just personal taste. Of course I've only worn them twice and usually my soccer shoes split along the outstep, especially if they're not well made. I've had boots last as little as 3 months up to approx. 18 months of playing twice a week. Maybe I'll come back and let everyone know how long they lasted, but for $50, they're really budget soccer shoes for astro-turf IMHO
B009XPROWU Supeer Like this Puma shoes. I love them very much. They look very lovely. Are too comfortable for me. Everybody like them.
B009ZRI9NY I'm reasonably pleased I previously owned a pair of FAAS 300 shoes which I loved, and I thought I would try the new FAAS 500 V2.I prefer the 300.  Both the look and feel is better on the 300.  Now they're calling this a V2, I don't see any improvement, to be honest.There is this black plastic lining along the side of the shoe (between the soles and the body of the shoe).  It's peeling off, and I'm not sure what it is.  It looks like black electrical tape.  Very silly thing to do to a shoe that's almost $100.Background of my use of the shoes: I've never worn these shoes outside.  I've walked/ran about 40-50 miles on a treadmill.  I can say that they provide pretty good support.  I haven't had any foot/arch pain.  The shoes are holding up pretty well.I feel as though my experience with the FAAS 300 shoes may have marred my view of the 500 series.  It all comes down to a matter of opinion, but I would say the 300s are perfect. Just the right amount of support.  With the 300s, they were incredibly light.  These feel slightly clunky.  Almost like Adidas basketball shoes LOL.  They're definitely heavier than I expected.  With the Puma FAAS 300, I felt inspired to run.  They were so comfortable and light; almost springy.  I know I should have expected for the shoes to weigh more and be thicker, I just feel like there could be some improvements.  It doesn't come together all that well.  Hmm...maybe the "V2" (is this short for Version 2?) is bad period?  I personally like the original FAAS 300. Although, I will say... it's hard to go wrong with Puma.  I'm definitely a fan.  They make the best running shoe.  And I've tried almost every brand (everything but Vibram, those shoes with the individual toe interfaces).
B00A005X4S Cute shoes I ordered these shoes to carry on vacation this summer.  I wanted something I can use around the hotel and to put on in case my traveling shoes bother my feet.  Love the color and they appear to be very well made.
B00A005X4S best shoes ever I chose 5 star rating as shoes are awesome, fit perfectly and so soft to wear and walk in. Feel like slippers onWe live in New Zealand and I have never had a problem with service or anything from Amazon, I highly recommend and thank you Amazon
B00A005X4S cute comfortable flats Love these shoes! Feels like I'm walking on a cloud. I did read the reviews and bought a half size up, it was a good move. These shoes are airy and not hot. They work either as flats to wear w jeans, shorts or to slip on to yoga. The only thing I wish I'd done, was bought a darker color. I have a feeling the pink won't stay clean looking.
B00A008HR8 Shoe too tight Bought theses shoes mostly for leisure. Very nice looking shoes, but found them extremely tight and uncomfortable. Had to return them.
B00A0HD28U puma girls indoor shoes Shoes look good, but look a little cheaply made, but will work for the money and purpose. Shoes where also sent in a good timely manor (took about 5it days).
B00A4I84TC Beware of the picture I bought these shoes a week ago, and just received them. The picture shows red shoes, but they are orange. Be careful if you wanted red shoes like I did.
B00AI1V2B2 Puma Golf Shoes fit great. I'm a new golfer and bought cheap golf shoes which started to hurt my feet.  I tried the Puma golf shoes and love them.  They are so comfortable, I bought a second pair so I can wear them all year round in Arizona and Vermont.  The mesh keeps your feet cool too.
B00AI1VTF6 Great shoes These golf shoes are light and supportive. They are also ok when the grass is wet and my feet have stayed dry. I find these to be much more comfortable than other Nike or Adidas plastic spike golf shoes I have had. I don't notice my feet slipping because of the spikeless style, it works great.
B00AI1VTF6 These are very uncomfortable I didn't realize from the description that these shoes are hard plastic.  They immediately wore blisters on my feet.  Would not recommend.  My fault for purchasing shoes based on a description,  I should have checked them out in the store.  They are unwearable and, as such were a waste of money for me.
B00AI1Z2G8 Really comfortable shoes This is my first pair of spikeless golf shoes. Probably the most comfortable golf shoes I have owned. Feel like tennis shoes but perform like golf shoes.
B00AI1Z2G8 Good shoes for the price paid. Worn only once and is my first pair of this brand. Comfortable with looser fit in the toe than I'm used to. If this does not increase with wear, I'll be very happy with these low end model shoes.
B00AI1Z2G8 great shoes Great fit, I wear a 10.5 in all other shoes including FootJoy, UA and other Puma shoes and these fit fine. I've played about 5 rounds and they've held up nice even in some wet conditions. Not as much traction as spikes in the mud obviously but they work. Very comfortable and light. I feel the best amount of balance in these vs my spiked dryjoys and it results in more consistent ball striking. Its not going to make you a better golfer but it makes me feel more comfortable.
B00AI1Z2G8 Awesome These have to be the most comfortable golf shoes I have worn, they are very light in weight and are cushioned well!
B00AI1Z2G8 loved it I have already played 10 rounds wearing these and these shoes have made playing golf a joy. i could feel my legs getting tired after playing in my spiked footjoys but not in these shoes. will recommend to others and will also get more for myself.
B00AI1Z2G8 comfort The most comfortable golf shoes yet. It feels like your floating due to its foam soles. I use it on and off the course.
B00AI1Z2G8 Comfy Really light shoes ... I have worn them for 2 rounds ... Very comfortable golf shoes..I'm gonna buy a second pair
B00AI1Z2G8 GREAT GOLF SHOE these shoes are light comfortable and stylish.  highly recommend.  well cushioned and easy to clean.  also no spikes to break off and they work just as well.
B00AI1Z2G8 Super light and comfy! First, a reviewer stated that they last 3 rounds...I'll have to call BS on that.  I've worn these for 6 rounds, and no wear seen, other than some creases in the uppers.  It's flexible and the most comfortable golf shoes I've ever worn!  I'll never go back to soft spikes again.  I've eve n ran with my stand bag down a fairway to catch up with the carts.  I walk when I golf-never use a cart.  The orange colorway is perfect-expressive but not to crazy.  I like brands that pay attention to aesthetics as well as technology.  Puma knows how to design great looking golf apparel.  These may not be the best in the rain, but who wants to be miserable in the rain? Again, these are the best for walking around the clubhouse or driving your car to and from the course-no more having smelly shoes in the car!  Just wear the Pumas and get compliments from everyone.  Hey, even if your not swinging your best, at least look your best!
B00AI222Y2 light and comfortable They look a lot like soccer turf shoes.  And that's not a bad thing.  Super comfortable and unbelievably light,  these shall make a great pair of travel golf shoes.
B00AI222Y2 Great golf shoe, crappy golf game By no means am I a good golfer so I went for these golf shoes because of the price. They were $40, good enough for me. I read other reviews saying they run big but I took a chance and purchased my normal Zoot running shoe size 12. These shoes fit great. I have played horribly in them twice and have loved wearing them. Can't blame the shoes for my terrible game on and off the course. But hey, I looked good searching for my ball.  The spikeless shoe has great grip, they are extremely light weight (similar to my running shoes) and they breath good. I live in Florida so shoes that breath good are a huge plus but then again, I am as cart rider with beer so I just cruise to the ball....hardly any walking involved. I will be buying more of these should I wear them out. Guess I gotta play more golf or maybe I should walk.....nah, more golf.
B00AI222Y2 They look awesome on me! They look and feel great. They have to be the lightest golf shoes out there. I just wish they had a little more grip on the bottom.
B00AI222Y2 Awesome shoes. Theses are by far the most comfortable ... Awesome shoes. Theses are by far the most comfortable golf shoes I have ever purchased. I will definitely be getting another pair when I wear out mine!!
B00AJ3WXYO Great shoes Great fit, I'm a puma fan these didn't disappoint.. Excellent shoes.. Nice feel no problems good shoes don't hesitate to buy.
B00AOAQAJG Puma shoes Love my shoes they are the most confertible shoes ever will recommend themThank you very much love shoes lol
B00AOAQAJG Love these shoes The shoes area tad bit shorter than most 9.5 shoes that I order, but it's still very comfortable and stylish. Love them. I just wear a thin pair of socks and I'm good.
B00AOATXAO My favorite pair of shoes WOW! I wear these a lot. Sometimes even just around the house. They're comfy like tennis shoes, perfectly padded, and with a wedge that really looks and feels great without hurting your feet. I can't say enough about these. I wish I could wear them to the gym without getting odd stares.
B00AOATXAO Fantastic Shoes! Great shoes, comfortable and stylish, I have them in a size 9 as well, hardly any difference between the 9 and 9.5.  They are very high though so just keep that in mind - beautiful colour, love them!
B00AOATXAO Cute & Unique I am so satisfied with these shoes!  They are comfortable, I got my tennis shoe size, not my boot size. People of both genders compliment the shoes.  I wear them with slim (not skinny) jeans and I can dress up or casual.  I am in my 30s and they suit me well without looking too trendy for my taste.  I really appreciate the simplicity and style of these shoes.. I am ordering the pink/gray ones now.
B00AOBC4JA So many Compliments! I get told how cute these shoes are every time I wear them. I also love wearing them because they are so lightweight and flexible. I like the inside of the flats since they are cushiony and breathable. I usually wear 6 1/2 but went a half size up since I wear the footies a lot with flats. Great pair of shoes!
B00AOBFEC4 Excellent! Pretty shoes, very bright and well make. I love Puma's classic shoes and got exactly what I wanted and expected with these. Also came with dark purple laces that match the sides and to me, look better with the shoes.
B00AOCAP9A Nice comfortable work out shoe. Light on the feet, too. It's comfortable for the treadmill and that's the main thing for me. I never really enjoyed the treadmill because I never felt I had the right shoes. These fix that problem. Very light on my feet but strong and I feel supported.
B00AOCAP9A Lightest shoes ever!!! These shoes are super comfortable and the lightest shoes that I've ever had.  I would highly recommend the to anyone.  Just waiting to see how long they hold up.
B00AOCAP9A Great cross trainers These shoes are extremely lightweight and fit true to size. The color is amazing.  I would highly recommend these shoes
B00AOCAP9A Nice shoes I really like these shoes. They are super lightweight and very comfortable. Great color too. They also have pretty good cushioning for how lightweight they are.
B00AOCAP9A Great shoes: light and comfortable The first thing that I noticed about these shoes was how light they are. I honestly thought there was nothing in the box they sent me! I bought the blue/purple color and absolutely love it! I have worn them jogging, biking and during workout sessions: these shoes are great across all platforms! I'm very pleased with them and Puma can consider me a customer in the future.
B00AOCAP9A Very comfortable shoes!!! Excellent walking and gym shoes! Fit perfectly with cotton socks. They feel very light on the feet and generally offer excellent support to the arch and the whole foot.
B00AOCAP9A Love the shoes For the price, these are super shoes.  Roomy in the front so toes can spread, yet the foot slides into a sleeve inside the shoe, so there is plenty of support.  Lots of cushion in the tread and the color is very trendy.  I've bought athletic shoes that I've paid a whole lot more for, and are not as comfortable as these Pumas!
B00AOCAP9A Superrr These shoes are really strange to me but in a good way. They are the lightest shoe I've ever owned. I guess I'm used to clunky, heavy athletic shoes. These are about the weight of a small flip flop sandal. They really are fuschia rather than pink, which I am happy about. When I first put them on, I thought they felt small. Then I realized it's just because there's not padding on the sides or top of the shoe that it feels different. They fit perfectly, and there is some padding on the sole of the shoe, but not much. I have not yet tried to yog in these shoes; I hope I don't get shin splints, like in my crappy kmart athletic shoes gave me previously. We'll see, I guess.
B00AOCCXJU Love these shoes! These shoes are really comfortable, fit as expected, have great traction and are nice looking, too. I'm really glad I bought them.
B00AOCDNJ4 Bright & Spunky Comfortable, bright, and I just love them. These shoes arrived on time and I would recommend them to anyone who loves Pink shoes. A lot of chics have asked me where can they buy some like this.
B00AOCDNJ4 Great work out shoes! I've been teaching fitness for 13 years, so I've owned many, many fitness shoes.  I almost always buy cross trainers, and I really loved these.  They seem so hard to find these days.  More support than I expected.  I will buy them in every color!
B00AOCE7IA I LOVE THESE SHOES! Most comfy shoes straight out of the box I've bought in some time.. I walk A LOT for work and these did the trick, they are flexible, and comfortable and my feet didn't get tired even after being on them all day!
B00AOCE7IA LOVE THE SHOES I really like the shoes. So comfortable and look and feel nice. I would highly recommend them. I know I would buy these shoes again.
B00AOCE7IA Won't do for me! Shoes do not appear to be made of real leather.  They are inflexible and the heel rubs up and down on my heel despite the shoes being too short .  These are totally unsatisfactory for dancing.
B00AOCE7IA My daughter loved the shoes. Puma is what she requested My daughter loved the shoes. Puma is what she requested, but they were too big. I bought her size, but this shoe must run large. will need to return them.
B00AOCE7IA Look good, but not comfortable The shoes are not as flexible as expected and hurt the arch of my feet. Otherwise they look great and appear as if they are pretty sturdy(will not fall apart easily). Unfortunately I will probably be returning them.
B00AOD2OQ6 Awesome shoes These shoes are awesome. I have been looking for something similar to the Faas 300's and these are extremely close. Very comfortable. I bought a 10.5 which fits a little snug but I expected that with the way my other Puma's fit (an 11 may have been a little loose/big). I also love the look... classy and sporty.
B00AOD2OQ6 Glue started to separate after about 2 months - worst shoes I've ever owned The glue holding the sole together starter to separate after about 2 months of light walking (I am recovering from a broken ankle, so don't walk around much, only wore these about 2-3 days a week).  This quality is abysmal, I have never had shoes last so little.  I actually have two pairs and the glue is starting to come undone on the other as well.They are also a bit narrow as far as shoes go.
B00AOD2OQ6 Great shoes! Arrived on time. They fit perfectly. They're very comfortable. If they're like my other pairs of pumas, I expect they'll last a long time. I love these shoes!
B00AOD3U8W i usually dress 7.5.  but this shoes is too small for me sorry. i usually dress 7.5.  but this shoes is too small for me..So...I am so sorry. But the quality is good.
B00AOD8YMO Perfect crosstraing shoes I'm morbidly obese, so always hate spending a lot of money on shoes as I wear the support out quickly. These have been wonderful for my workouts though and stand up to my everyday walking as well. Great support, great fit! Will definitely buy these again when I need new shoes.
B00AOD8YMO awesome sport tennis shoes Because it's really comfortable  I like the color very bright so light I love it I really highly recommend only I like more choice on color's like dark green, and blue zafiro
B00AOD8YMO Great shoes I've been using these shoes for a little over a week and I love them. They fit well, and are very comfortable. I have gone for a few long walks, and they have been really supportive. I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a fun, bright, and functional shoe for walking, and running. My children saw them glowing when we went to the movies, and loved it. With all that being said, if you're not looking for brightly colored shoes, then don't buy these. The color is very full, rich, and bright.
B00AOD8YMO Bright, Light, and Comfortable I like the brights coming out in men's wear and sure like these!  I've found that Puma has done me good in the past with nice light, comfortable shoes and styles with good cushion. These really stood out when I thumbed through looking at the many that were on the Amazon Sale. I read the reviews and the price was right so now I own these hummers!&#128512;I wear a 101/2med. or D in most all my shoes and my other Pumas are the same size so that's what these are and they fit fine! The toe area isn't tight and it doesn't feel narrow at all. Everything feels right so I see no need for anyone to make any size adjustments unless there is something else going on.  Order the size you wear in a running shoe, though I know Nike sometimes can throw me a curve in a lot of styles. I sold shoes years ago and that has helped me. I always make sure I have a near thumb width between the end of the shoe and the end of the longest toe of the longer foot.  I'm going to to keep these looking good and you can too, as well as all your athletic shoes.  The thing is, is no matter who has made my running shoes throughout the years, they have most always stood up to machine washing and have come out looking great and have held up the same!  The trick is mild soap and lots of towels with warm water then air dry with the laces and the tongue open wide and insole out. If you use too hot of water and a harsh soap, the glues in the shoes break down and can discolor the adhesives too.  If  you don't wash the shoe, dirt and body oils, sweat, etc..can do the same thing! That's why one has to wash the shoes!  It'll help with odor too! The towels scrub the shoe without beating them up. Honest! And, they'll be nice to the washer drum and balance!  Got that from the Maytag Repair Man!&#128516; The  white rim around the top part of the sole next to the colored part of the shoe glows in the dark some  along with some little parts here and there and there is a little reflection. There is more glow if you shine bright light on the shoes for a while before going out. The more light the more glow on certain areas. That's it! I thinks you'll be glad you got them!UPDATE I must of got no less than a dozen "Man, I like your shoes!" comments when I worn them to church on Easter Sunday!
B00AOD8YMO Great shoes I just love the color of these shoes. Not as wide as I had expected, but comfortable enough to wear. Will order more but get wider size.
B00AOD8YMO Perfect shoes These were bought as a gift and the were a great surprise. My boyfriend loved them. Hes very particular about his shoes. They were just the right fit, right color the right choice. ! Love this product....
B00AOD8YMO Wow! My son got these for his birthday and thought they appeared small, until he tried them on. Fit just as expected, super comfortable and true to size, very glad we didn't listen to the reviews that found they ran small. The best part, aside from the fit, is that they REALLY glow in the dark. My son was told that they glowed, but he thought I just meant they were bright.  Driving down the road that evening, he noticed a strange light coming from the floorboard of his truck; his shoes were glowing brightly, lol. Not only do they look and feel good; they are a fun shoe as well. Great shoe, especially when compared to far more expensive shoes. He's only worn the shoes a week so can't really comment on how well they hold up, but expect them to last a good while.
B00AOD8YMO Awesome shoes. Very comfy shoes and they are good looking too. Color is very bright. I Love the glow in the dark feature.
B00AODTEZA Comfortable and good looking. I use these as my workout shoes. They fit as expected and are comfortable. I have no complaints with these shoes.
B00AODTEZA Very comfortable pumas Very comfortable shoes especially if you are on your feet for long hours & stylish too. I highly recommend this shoe
B00AODTEZA Great pair of shoes Fitted nicely and as advertised. Use the shoes to run, workout, and for work. I do a lot of walking and they are really comfortable shoes. Good product, packaging, and arrived when promised. Thank you.
B00AODTEZA Great shoes Great shoes but they are a bit smaller but that's just how puma shoes run until they stretch. Overall, great shoes
B00AODVKJI Bioweb The shoes fit great. They are the most comfortable shoes. I would recommend these shoes to some one, why not ?
B00AODVKJI Great Shoes, great fit These shoes are very comfortable and have good support.  They felt broken in right away but still very supportive.  Cool color too.
B00AODW9HA The best shoes ever! Everything is great! Excellent price, comfortable and fits perfectly... What more can you ask from a shoe?  I highly recommend these shoes...
B00AODW9HA Good shoes The shoes are nice. Fit as expected and made well like other PUMA shoes. The blue is bright like the pic .
B00AODW9HA Most comfortable shoe I own I am nervous to buy shoes online because often when I try on shoes they are not comfortable. These fit perfect and they are very comfortable to wear all day long.
B00AODW9HA Great shoes Very good looking shoes.  They are even better than the picture.  I really am happy with the purchase and they are very comfortable
B00AOE059S Order shoes for my Husband but did not fix...try shoes on myself.....love them kept both pair...... If ordering for a man you might to go wider
B00AOE059S Would buy another pair! Great looking, good fitting, very comfortable shoes. I have a very narrow foot these shoes hug my foot just the way I like. I have wore them to the gym squatting 405, dead lifting 365 and have found no problems. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who wants a good looking useful shoe!
B00AOE059S Great everyday shoes My fault...ordered the UK size. But swapped them out. These are awesome shoes and I would highly recommend. Like butter
B00AOE059S Great shoe My last pair of shoes were Pumas and I loved them, so since I'm lazy and I don't like tying my shoes I decided to give these a try.  My last shoes were a size 8, and despite the comments about these running tight I decided to order these in a size 8 as well.  The length (being the only factor for sizing with these shoes) is perfect, but they are quite snug.  But, knowing the nature of shoes, I was able to break them in over the course of a weekend.  I put on some thick socks and a few strolls through wet grass helped stretch them out a bit.  They're still snug, but they're quite comfortable.
B00AOE059S Great shoes Very nice shoes.. especially for the price.. do not think the shoes run small like other reviews stated they fit perfect
B00AOE059S Great workout shoes! Good shoes for exercising and also for working out! They are also great for going to the park and walking.
B00AOE059S Great Looking Shoes!!! The shoes arrived on time and after reading several reviews I ended up buying a size bigger and they fit perfectly.  They are very comfortable.
B00AOE059S fits as expected these shoes fit as expected little tightthey feel nice walking they have more cusion then most shoes they are light
B00AOE059S Great shoes~~ I bought this shoes for my husband.He liked it. The shoes's design is great and so light. He take it everyday.
B00AOE059S Great shoes Love these shoes very much.  Would buy in every color.  Can't wait for all of them to go on sale.
B00AOMV7YW Wow.  What Beautiful Shoes. The are stunning shoes that you actually wear on your feet.  They LOOK great on your HANDS or EARS; but even better on your feet.  They really do LOOK GREAT, however, I must warn you that if you have a foot problem at all -- you may want to shy away from them ... the right shoe pinched my foot.  I was like, but the looked so good on my hands and ears...how dare they pinch my foot.  So I put the left one on, it was FINE.  Sorry Puma, your shoes look great -- but cause me a boo-boo on my foot; they had to be returned.
B00AOMV7YW This shoe has a unique shape... BEWARE! I checked all the reviews on this shoe and paid special attention to the on size comments and ordered appropriately. These shoes are narrow and long. It takes a certain shaped foot to wear these shoes.. I have since returned these shoes. This is the last time I will order any shoes off the Internet.
B00AOMV7YW Cool Shoes but order a half size bigger Love Puma shoes ,Very stylish always get asked where did you get those shoes. I reply got them at Zappos
B00AOMWLPG GREAT SHOES! Preppy nice and neat shoes, they fitted great! :) I totally recommend them. VERY VERY HAPPY, good shoes good shoes!
B00AOMYC2Q Looks are worth it. Get Yellow/Black. These shoes look sick. The Yellow and Black shoes are by far the best looking. They fit a little small and they're kind of uncomfortable, but it's still worth it.
B00AOMZH1Q I love these shoes! These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Very light and got a lot of compliments on them!
B00AOMZH1Q great shoes Shoes are perfect really like them I will be ordering some more at a later date in a different color
B00AOMZH1Q Great Shoe! I'm surprised no one has mentioned how light these shoes r! :)  I love the way these shoes look/feel (while on ur foot).  The only negative I'd say about these that ppl should know about is that I don't think these would last very long if u wore these around on the street everyday; I'd recommend wearing these for special occasions or just once every 1-2 weeks @ a time if u want them to last (i.e. ~ few years).
B00AOMZH1Q Most stylish shoes for the price I've been a fan of PUMA driving shoes since I bought my first set of PUMA Future Cats in college.  These shoes have rounded heels and super lightweight cushioning designed for driving, but also make them great choice for limited workouts.  They also look fantastic for going out.  Like all PUMA driving sneakers, this model is lightweight, asymmetrical and fit slim.  So make sure you order about a half-size above what you usually wear; they will stretch out nicely and fit your feet over time.
B00AONVA52 Bad buy! These shoes are probably the ugliest things I've ever wore. They really don't look good with anything and they make your feet look tiny.
B00AONVA52 Nice shoes!!! This are good looking shoes.Had compliments the day I bought them.Fit well, seem very well built, high grade products. Very happy.
B00AONVA52 snug Great looking shoes. Very soft. I normally wear 8.5 but bought  a 9a and they are very snug. They seem like good shoes for the summer
B00AONVA52 Good with flaws I am one of the very few people who actually prefer slip on shoes sneakers. I came on amazon to browse for a slip on sneaker that was all black because it is a very versatile color that looks good with anything you decide to wear for the day. After searching for a while I came across these shoes by puma. From the pictures, it looked very nice so I thought to myself why not try it? Considering Puma is a very reputable brand, I ordered without hesitation.Now when I received the package, and took out the shoes, they looked very stylish. However, looks aren't everything and some aspects of the shoes threw me off right away. First of all the shoes are very light in weight, and feels very flimsy. The entire shoe is made of synthetic leather. There isn't any sole in the middle of the shoes that cause them to bend, which can cause injuries to your foot if you live a very active lifestyle. The grip on the sole is also not very good, it can cause you to slip on wet or slippery floors. My job requires me to constantly move around and I have came across many times where I almost slipped. These shoes also run a little small when it comes to sizing. My shoe size is 11 but I usually wear 11.5 for a little breathing room but at 11.5 size, these shoes were a perfect fit on me. So order half a size larger than your normal size for a comfortable fit.These sneakers are very stylish like I've mentioned before. When you wear them, it feels as if the sneaker is a glove for your feet, giving it a very slim and sleek look. However the fit also becomes another con. I have very slim feet and even for me, the fit of the shoe is way too tight and does cause a tight grip around my ankle, causing pain and discomfort. If you however walk around for a while, the grip tend to loosen up a bit and it becomes quiet comfortable but if you stay idle or sit down, the grip tightens up again causing pain and discomfort.At the end of the day if you have slim feet and looking for a sleek sneaker that will look good with skinny jeans or summer wear, then these are great for you. However if you are looking for a comfortable pair of slip on sneakers or do not have slim feet,  avoid this one because you will be highly disappointed.
B00AONVA52 Not for sports, but so comfy! Puma is one of the few brands which has a consistent line of flat-sole shoes. The only problem is that their staple lines (Future Cat, Drift Cat, etc.) are very narrow and do not cater to wider feet. These shoes are wider than the other series, which makes them perfect for people running into the same problem. They are relatively flimsy in construction, making them unsuited for athletic purposes. This is not a Puma thing - it's just this particular pair (which probably explains the cheap retail price compared to their other shoes). As daily fashion sneakers however they are extremely comfortable and look absolutely gorgeous.As many people have mentioned already, Puma shoes tend to fit smaller than other brands. Try going 1 full size up from your other shoes (I'm normally 10.5, but I wear 11.5 for Pumas). They are consistent across their own brand so if you were a fan of them already go ahead and get the size that your last pair was.
B00AONVB5G super comfortable shoes bought it for my husband. he likes everything with BMW logo (and especially Puma product). I was really disappointed to find an huge incision in the front of the boot (it was not a scratch).but shoes themselves are very comfortable and weightless.
B00AONVB5G poor quality shoes estimatesThe purchase you make in your shop of puma shoes, has caused me repentance. Since these shoes are broken in the wings.I wonder if there is any way to remedy this bad purchase of this product.PS. Purchasing the make from Ecuador, for this reason had not previously written and delayed in order to reach me. The shoes I have used them twice and broke.If required I can ask them to get pictures of the shoes that are part and broke.regardsTony
B00AONVVMO Awesome driving shoes! My husband loved his new puma shoes. Perfect fit. they have a very sleek look to them and are comfortable to wear everyday.
B00AONVVMO Great shoes I've worn Pumas before and found them to be very comfortable and well-fitting shoes. These do not disappoint! The leather holds up quite nicely.
B00AONW5CO Puma shoes I chose these shoes because of the lightweight compact design.  They fit perfectly and are as comfortable as bedroom slippers.  I was impressed by the high quality construction and low price.
B00AONW9JS Look nice and after a small break in period, feel great. I have a wider than normal foot which makes shopping for shoes online a bit of a pain. When I first got these shoes I was afraid I was going to have to send them back due to being too tight. However, after relacing them and walking around a bit they started to fit nicely.
B00AONW9JS A little thin and ripped easily I'm torn.  I think the shoes look great, but they ripped after 2 days of wearing them, so I returned them.  Also they are thin shoes so keep that in mind if you have wide feet.  It wasn't an issue for me, but it could possibly be one for others;
B00AONW9JS Very nice shoes Got a lot of compliments on that pair of shoes. I like Puma and I like their line of footwear products.
B00AONW9JS Great looking and fitting shoe I love these shoes.  Pumas are the only shoes I will wear.  They are a slimmer fit so check your sizes.
B00AONW9JS Great looking but not durable. Within two weeks of wearing the shoes they already have a hole below the toe. Frustrating that as expensive as the shoes were they couldn't hold up to walking.
B00AONW9JS Is this for butch girls? I bought these shoes about a month or two ago. I have been to about 2 drift events so far where I wore these shoes. They are excellent for driving in. When I go for a heel/toe the bottoms of the shoes never got caught on the pedals like other shoes would. They are also excellent for daily driving. The back of the shoes make for an excellent rocker for when you need to rest your foot JUST off the gas a little when you down shift before a turn. I bought these in an 8.5. I am a male in my early 20s and the one thing I noticed most about these shoes is that I get a lot of compliments from butchy looking chicks. Are these shoes meant for manly women or something? Long story short these are excellent for driving and I will be sure to buy another of the kind if I destroy these ones.
B00AONW9JS Sleek and Light These shoes are great quality and comfortable. I read a lot of reviews saying that the shoes are narrow and that you should buy the shoes either a 1/2 or full sizer larger than what you normally wear. I bought one a 1/2 size larger and although at first it seemed tight, after wearing it out and about for a few days the shoes became quite comfortable.In terms of construction, the outside is a sturdy leather that I think will really help these shoes last long. The only thing I didn't really like was the sole of the shoe. It is extremely thin, which, although it allows the shoe to be really light, it also makes the shoe more easy to be worn down. Other than that, however, I really love these shoes!
B00AONW9JS Return Is there any possible way that I can exchange these shoes for size 9. I have wear them shoes once only
B00AONWIC6 Nice Shoes Pumas are some of my favorite shoes.  I know they tend to run small, especially if you have a wider foot.  I really like the shoes though and would recommend to others.
B00AONWIC6 I wear these shoes every week! I love these shoes! They are comfortable and look good. I like sleeker looking shoes, and Puma does a really good job!
B00AOOH730 Comfortable low-key shoes I wear either a women's 10.5 or 11; ordered these in an 11 (men's 9.5, I think) and it's a perfect fit. The shoes offer enough support to be comfortable without feeling bulky.
B00AOOH730 stylish chose these for the color. they are comfortable and cool looking shoes. been wearing them for almost 3 weeks now and they are just fine
B00AOOH730 Don't you step on my blue suede shoes. I was expecting a black pair of shoes, but I like these shoes just fine thank at you very much
B00AOOK2OG They are not for wide feet! They fit really tight, so tight that they hurt. I gave them away. I probably won't buy anymore shoes online.
B00AOOK2OG Most comfortable shoes EVEr Shoes fit perfect, are light, nice grip, look great, feel broken in as soon as you put them on. Don't even get that stupid crease in the toe are where shoes bend. They kick ass.
B00AOOK2OG great sneakers I like the way puma's fit.  Plus unlike shoes with air in them they won't go flat.  The only draw back the soul wear out quick.  then they make good aqua shoes, since they are light and fit tight. The real reason I give it 5 stars is.  They keep my socks dry if I run through a puddle.  I been know to leave work mid day because my feet got wet.
B00AOOZ1OC New shoes and there orange.... Love my game day shoes. Go Vols...... I am already getting the comments how loud these girls are, as I pounce around the town.
B00AOOZP3Y Casual shoes. These shoes are good for basic daily tasks. Very comfortable and casual. The color is bright and the stitching seems strong.
B00AORB3DW I'm very happy with these soccer shoes Excellent quality and fit perfect. I've been using it and does fulfill my expectations about PUMA shoes. I can recommend when buying online shoes to be sure about the size.
B00AORBTZY Great Shoes Bought these shoes because my other indoor shoes were out of their lifespan. I love how these fit, they're snug and touching the ball feels nice. They're also light and make for great cuts and agile movements.
B00AORC57U Very uncomfortable shoes One of the worst shoes I ever bought. Though I love puma shoes  unfortunately these are not comfortable  they are in the trash
B00AORC57U Awesome and comfortable love these shoes. colorful, comfortable, and light. im not really into shoes but I like these! I wear a size 13 they dont look goofy score!
B00AORGLAC Great looking shoes These shoes look great and they feel very comfortable on my feet, even with insoles in.  I use these as a more dressy looking sneaker when I want to look a little nicer, but not all loafer nice.  I bought 3 pairs of different puma shoes at the same time, these are my favorite of the three.
B00AWDPCR6 Perfect Pumas We love these Puma crib shoes for our baby. Very stylish, great colors and very good fit. He usually tries to take shoes off, but we were able to keep these on him which makes life easier for us parents. Would definitely recommend these shoes :)
B00AY6107M Nice buy Love this shoes right size, it so comfy ang very stylish. This shoes are great, i will recommend this to my friends
B00AY65V1I shoe,black/puma Shoes is good ..bt some small to my size..Bt i like these shoes ..Nd puma brand is my favourite.
B00AY6NZDE Great shoes These shoes fit exactly as described. Look good too. I would recommend these to anyone except I don't want anyone I know wearing the same shoes
B00B0D68WA great work shoes these shoes are the most comfortable work shoe I have ever owned, they are light weight ,cool and look great
B00B1E4QSQ Good shoes! Loved them! Nice gym shoes! They fit as expected and are super light on my feet! Best 45.00 bucks I've ever spent!
B00B1E5NU6 Love the shoes... Falling apart already I am a shoe collector i buy lots of shoes and take really good care of the ones I own. These are one of my favorite high tops  i own but unfortunately the black around the shoe has already started to come off after only wearing the shoes a couple times.
B00B1E5NU6 Shoes are too small The shoes are too small, I cannot wear them. How do I exchange them for a better fit? Please let me know!
B00B4S2QUE pretty shoes, but not very comfortable and sole coming apart from shoes We loved these shoes at first, but turned out they're not very comfortable.  My daughter has wide feet and she says they're too slim.  Also the sole is coming apart from the shoe a bit.  Disappointing because they're very pretty.
B00B4S2QUE Just what my mom wanted My mom wanted some shoes to use around the house, so I decided that I would buy something comfortable for her. She loves these shoes and her only complaint is that the laces just seem to untie every once in a while. This problem could be fixed by just double knotting. Good product.
B00B5013PK Awesomely cool shoes! These are way better than the package deal they sell at Dicks.  This pair of shoes are quality made and are bright in color.
B00B502N5Y Good shoes, except... I like the shoes, the only thing is that the tongue comes up pretty high and it kinda hurts against my skin in the front of my ankle. I've only worn it once so far (for a short indoor game), so maybe it will loosen up and that won't happen anymore.
B00B504NFC good shoes my daughter loves these shoes.  she got so excited when we opened the box.  they look really sharp, but she says her toes are a little cramped.  the shoes are still well made and function well on an indoor futzal court
B00B5ED00C PUMA is great once again I have never had a problem with any shoes from PUMA, and this time they have outdone themselves. This shoe is wonderfully comfortable as it is stylish for those of us who love red shoes. I forget I am wearing them because they are so comfortable, and I have foot problems that range from severely flat feet to early arthritis, so my feet ache nearly all the time, but surprisingly, they do no ache at all when I am wearing these. I am able to walk, run and do anything in these sneakers. I absolutely love them and recommend them to any lady who is looking for a comfortable sneaker that has great grip, stylish look and comfortable fit.
B00B5EDEZI Super comfy Very comfortable shoes and the color is great. I wore on a trip to a theme park and I had happy feet by the end of the day.
B00B5EDEZI Fantastic work shoes! I thought about giving these shoes 4 stars as I did add insoles in them, and they run a little small... but as long as you account for both of these factors when purchasing they are fantastic sneakers!  I work in health care and stand most of the day, can't get over how comfortable these are.  The texture of the sole of the shoe cushions extremely well, feels like walking on air.  They have continued to look new even after a few weeks of solid wear and various fluid exposures at work.Only recommendations are: Buy a half size bigger than you usually wear.  And the insoles in the shoe do not come out, but you can easily fit firm soles inside to provide additional arch support.Love these shoes and am planning on buying a second pair shortly.
B00B5EDEZI Great little shoes These shoes are comfortable and adorable. My first pair of Puma's and I'm excited to have them. Fast shipping and product as described.
B00B5GEZG8 perfect Because every time I order something as far as shoes,  I always get them just the way I ordered. Nothing is never wrong when it comes to shoes
B00B5GEZG8 Great Love the shoes!! They look just like the photo and fit just fine. My son loved the shoes and he gets compliments on them.
B00B5HUIO0 awesome shoes these are very cute shoes- solid constructioni made sure to spray these shoes with a water repellent before use so the suede does not mess up
B00B5HUIO0 Loved these shoes! I've had a very hard time finding cool sneakers for my 5 year old child at a store, so I decided to take the risk and buy it online. I don't regret, these shoes fit him very well, seem very comfortable and and super classy, sporty but formal. I will not doubt order it again in the future in different colors and sizes. Great Shoes!
B00B5HUIO0 Great for kids who have not yet mastered 'tying' their shoes.. These shoes do run big, so I recommend buying them a half size smaller. My son wears a 2, so I ordered a 1.5 size. He's 7 and is  still working on tying his shoes, so I figured these would do for the summer as well as a good shoe to start the 3rd grade in.He's going to a new school the requires a uniform, so I know he wants some cool, comfortable kicks that allow him to stand out a bit.These shoes are very versatile....they look good in casual as well as non-casual outfits.They are PUMA...so their reputation is good and I have to say, they did live up to their reputation, this is a great shoe!I do recommend it for kids age 0-10...they are just awesome!
B00B5HUIO0 Love these classic Pumas! My son lives in these shoes. They are attractive and he seems to think they are comfortable. The only downside is the fact that he wears them out pretty quickly. I don't know if it is an issue with the sole of the shoes or he is just hard on them. Regardless, we'll be buying more in the future.
B00B5HUIO0 Stylish Durable Shoe My son is hard on shoes.  He's 2.5 and very active.  I was tired of buying new shoes every couple of weeks.  I picked these shoes because they are stylish, comfortable and relatively durable.
B00B5KO6EU Great shoes if you keep them in the box My boy wore these shoes for two weeks before they started falling apart.  The sole is coming off the shoes.  Boys are rough on their shoes, but he generally makes it 6-7 months in a pair before they are worn out.  Never again on Pumas.
B00B5KZACC Great shoes for 6 months They look nice, they fit great and my daughter loves them! They do well in all weather and are comfortable.Edit: although they are still comfortable, within 6 months the pink soles at the bottom of the shoes started coming off. :(
B00B5LHG82 Favorite shoes! My daughter has 3 pairs of shoes and she seems to be able to walk around in these the easiest. She always pulls the straps undone in the carseat but she never takes them off completely which is obviously a wonderful thing!
B00B5LHG82 Great My kids always like puma cause they feel very comfortable when they walking and runninggood shoes for kids .
B00B5W0110 Very cute shoes. These shoes were very affordable and loved the design and color. One thing to keep in mind is that they are in fact Puma shoes meaning they fit about a size smaller than usual shoes. They are also very narrow. Wonderful product just make sure the sizing is correct.
B00B5W0B2O Nice shoes I bought these for my nephew and he loves them.Very comfortable shoes according to him. The big problem with these shoes is they do not last long.I know kids are hard on shoes,but the maximum wear he gets from these shoes is a 6 weeks to 2 mos. This is his third pair this year.The size is right on target,they look really nice,they are just not made very well.
B00B5W0FHK Very comfortable, These are MY favorite shoes for my son. He likes more flashy colorful shoes, but they are very comfortable, classy, elegant and go with most of his clothes AND uniform.
B00B5W0FHK Sleek Shoes I find the sizing charts difficult and too cryptic.  The shoes have a good look and are in nice proportion.  I like them. He'll grow into  them anyway.
B00B5W0FHK Shoes Thanks I really like these shoes they are for my nephew for Christmas and I like the design and colors
B00B5W0UUW Great Shoes These Puma's have been our go to shoes. They are the easiest & fastest shoes I have owned to get on a toddler in a hurry. They fit great and have been holding up very well. If you're looking for a pair of play shoes you can't go wrong with these Puma's.
B00B5W0UUW Cute Shoes I bought these shoes for my 2-year old daughter and they are alright.  They are VERY shiny...like, almostmoon shoes&#34;, which only a girl her age can pull off.  One thing I dislike is that the velcro comes completely apart so that the tongue of the shoe can bend all the way forward.  That works well to put her foot in, but then the velcro pieces go under the tongue and you have to pull them both back out again and reset everything before securing the shoe.
B00B5W0UUW Good Shoes Recieved shoes really fast(UPS/Amazon). My daughter loves them (pink glitter) and they fit well. They look good too! Great shoes for the price.
B00B7LUG00 Great shoes These shoes fit as advertised (size 10.5) and are very comfortable in all activities ranging from crossfit to jogging.  I would give them five stars but a few pieces of the sole have lifted and I had to crazy glue them back into place.  I've had them for less than two months and use them daily.
B00B7LUG00 Making my feet comfortable The shoes are letting my feet breath and be comfortable. I have peripheral neuropathy as a diabetic. Taking care of my feet is primary in order to maintain a exercise regime. these shoes are fitting the bill!
B00B7LUG00 Best Cross Training/Running Shoes under $100 Dear Amazon.com&#65279; and PUMA&#65279; IDK which one of you pre-laced my brand new shoes and gave me the sweetest packaging ever but thank you!!! p.s. Puma, you have made the comfiest brand new cross training shoes I have ever worn! Normally it takes a week or two to break in, these are comfy out of the box, thank you!
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable shoes The shoes are comfortable and they provide good support for my son's daily walks. They fit as expected. The color is great.
B00B7LUG00 Best Pair of shoes in a long time! This is the first pair of shoes I have ever bought online.  I read a lot of reviews to help make my decision.  The shoes are very light.  I mostly use them when working out in the gym (free weights, aerobics).  The shoes are the most comfortable I have worn in a very long time.  They arrived on time and as described.  I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good athletic shoe.
B00B7LUG00 Great Shoes Very light weight and comfortable shoes.  Very happy with my purchase and have recommended these shoes to quite a few of my friends and family.
B00B7LUG00 Puma has exceeded my expectations by leaps and bounds! I am fairly new to Puma, seeing that this is my second pair purchased.  I can say that I am officially sold to Puma from now on! They fit like a glove, and the shock absorption these shoes have is unreal!  I can go all day talking about how awesome these shoes are but I will rest my case by saying that Puma is some of the best quality made shoes on the market!
B00B7LUG00 Great shoe After lacing up these shoes and walking only 5 feet I was astonished with the comfort.  These shoes are absolutely awesome.
B00B7LUYFC Just Loving it shoes having a really stunning look with great colours but the most important is the comfort they provide when you walk with themits feel like magici'm busy looking to try some other puma shoes soon
B00B7LUYFC comfort Very comfortable shoe. I would recommend these shoes to all my friends. Extremely stylish. I would buy these shoes again.
B00B7LUYFC love 'em these shoes are perfect for the price. I wish all shoes were this cheap & fit as nice as these do
B00B7LV3UC I have these in several colors These shoes are very comfortable and simple so I can dress them up or down. The size is pretty accurate, especially if you own other PUMA shoes.
B00B7LV8V6 very comfy puma slip on These shoes fit well. Very comfortable. Only bad thing is that these shoes don't last long. The bottom rubber part is very thin and doesnt last long. the bluegrass color is so pretty, matches with a lot of clothes. These shoes looks great in skirts and pants. I love wearing them with my skinny beige pants and a shirt. Will love to purchase more in the future and the price of $20 is excellent.
B00B7LV8V6 Love! These shoes are absolutely wonderful! I have a lot of feet problems so I'm always looking for comfort and cuteness. These are quite possibly the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn- they feel like slippers. They run a little small- I usually wear a 5 but the 5 1/2 fits perfectly.
B00B7LY4HQ Good and comfortable shoes The shoes are true to the size and feel very comfortable. They look very stylish and light. I wish the heels have more cushioning to absorb impacts.
B00B7LY4HQ Great shoes! These shoes are comfy and stylish. They go with anything and I've received many compliments. They were true to size.
B00B9ZE9KW Best shoes ever!! i absoultly love them!!!!!!  They are the best shoes i have ever bought! ive recived lots of positive feedback on them.
B00BAXWTT6 Love PUMA shoes Got these shoes for my son as a giftEasy to put on due to the velcro systemGood quality as usual from PUMA, would buy again
B00BB0B4R6 Love the shoes! The shoes are great for my son. Very pleased. He is able to put them on by himself. Thank you
B00BEIOZAI cop a pair These shoes are awesome my father really liked them. He received a lot of compliments when he wore these to work. Most definitely recommend these shoes.
B00BEIOZAI Great Shoes I purchased these shoes because they were fairly cheap and I like Puma shoes. They are very comfortable! If you looking for good shoes without spending a lot, try these out!
B00BOZAW6W Great Shoes!!! I chose this rating because it is well deserved! These shoes stand out!!! Not only does the color pop, but I have never seen them on anyone else. That's what I love. They are so comfortable; like walking on air! After 8 hours of work, my feet feel fantastic! Again, great shoes!
B00C5UOVBC excellent shoes Great shoes, fits very well to the feet, are too comfortable, and are used to walking, are very nice and I recommend it 100%
B00C5UPFPS EVALUATING SHOES FROM A CATALOG. I HAVE ALREADY COMMENTED ON THE SHOES.  THEY HAVE BEEN RETURNED.  THE LENGTH WAS FINE, BUT THE WIDTH WAS TIGHT.  I LEARNED THAT IT IS NOT A GOOD IDEA TO BUY SHOES WITHOUT HAVING AN OPPORTUNITY TO TRY THEM ON.
B00C5UPSS2 changed my ming i liked the shoes so much i have changed to nothing but puma shoes and i was  a hard core nike fan
B00C699NTC Epic fail on the part of SHOEBACCA for my first order ever from Amazon.com I was psyched to try Amazon.com, I mean who hasn't heard of it? I'm a quadriplegic, and this Saturday, 22 March 2014 marks the anniversary of my injury. I figured I would buy some nice shoes that I could wear while in my wheelchair. The order was packaged shipped and delivered as expected on Amazon's part. But when my mom opened up the shoebox, we noticed a smudge on the back of one of the shoes. I was just expecting a perfect pair of new shoes that I paid $50 for. Instead I got one awesome shoe, and one shoe that had a not so awesome smudge on the back of it. I'm new to Amazon and buying online, and I didn't want to have to go through the hassle of returning the shoes after they were out of the box. So I'm not so happy with the company that I bought the shoes from that's in the title of this message. I'm using Dragon dictation to write this review. Everything else I ordered came as described and in perfect condition, but the most expensive thing I bought arrived looking used. Anyways, I won't be ordering from that company. Again, ever.
B00C6AH8J8 very cute shoes I'm happy with my new shoes. High quality, are made of high quality materials, recommend them. I'll buy soon others thanks
B00C6AH8J8 nice  shoes I had  the blue one last year and everybody @ our office complement me for the shoes.  Love to get the other colors (red OR White)
B00C6AIR2U Puma Shoes Puma shoes are uncharactiscally smaller and tighter than other brands.  Rather disconcerting when buying online.  I am hoping to break in my shoes rather than replacing them again.  Tough decision when trying to find comfort.
B00C6AIR2U everything was perfect&#8230; but the shoes are small I do not  have anything bad to say about the shoes, but my feet were very sore after 15 minutes.
B00C6BOILS Luxurious and Sporty at the Same Time! Youu can use these shoes for nearly anything. They match with almost anything. They are quite comfortable after you break them in. No regrets in purchasing these shoes; I highly recommend them:)
B00C6BPP10 Good for the price. My wife bought these shoes for me because of the price, I like the way the shoes for my feet.
B00C6BPP10 great shoes Outstanding retro shoes, i get compliments every time i wear them. Very comfortable but were a bit smaller than expected.
B00C6BPP10 nice looking shoes unfortunately they do not fit me. I wear a size 13 in shoes normally but the fact that these are medium width might be the reason and I will return them
B00C6BUJDY Awesome shoes These shoes are beautiful. On the monitor they look great. However, in person they look better. If you wear a size 8, buy an 8 1/2 because of the built in wedge. The shoes are comfortabe and you feel as though you are wearing flats. I can't wait to really wear them when me and my family go out. I give these shoes five stars for being beautiful and fitting well.
B00C6BUJDY My new favorite shoes! &lt;3 I was so excited when I ordered these wedges! They are really comfortable and they fit nice. I ordered a size 8 in black and that's what I normally wear shoe-wise. What really surprised me was when I opened up the package, they gave me hot pink laces for both shoes :D (which gives the shoes an extra pop for their style). I was very pleased, and I would definitely recommend these shoes to anyone. This is awesome and I would go back to this seller and purchase more stuff from them.
B00C6EW87G Love them! The shoes are lightweight and flexible but still provide great support to my high arches. I hate wearing be bulky tennis shoes but these are prefect.
B00C6EW87G too small for a 6.5 shoes are very thin and light weight, but fit too tight for a 6.5. I would not recommend this item
B00C6EW87G Disappointed Even though I gave it five stars (I really like the shoes) I'm disappointed about the size. It fitted exact.I bought a size 6.I needed a 61/2.From the way it felt I know it would be a very comfortable pair of shoes.
B00C6EW87G Great quality shoes My daughter is very happy with these and I liked the quality of them. It is kind of a guessing game when buying shoes online but with this pair it was a bulls eye!
B00C6EW87G Love them!! The shoes were a tad small when I first got them but I think they have stretched out since then and are quite comfortable. I am always getting complements on these at work and I love how they feel like I'm almost walking barefoot. Great shoes but perhaps not such a great fit if you are on your feet all day.
B00C6EW87G These are not what I was expecting at all. These shoes have no arch support nor do they have a sole. The arch is all fabric. I These shoes have no arch support nor do they have a sole. The arch is all fabric. I had to put them right back in the box. They are also way to small fitting. I am only keeping these as a gym shoe and climbing shoes. The only plus is how they look.
B00C6EW87G Was a little shocked... When I received the shoes they look so small I initially was hesitant in putting them on, but I did and they fit perfectly and felt very comfortable. They look and feel super light weight. Happy with my purchase.
B00C6EW87G Great shoes The shoes are so cute, and so light it's like they aren't even there, but still supportive for being on my feet all day. Go with all my work clothes.
B00C6EXR76 Comfortable fit These shoes are comfortable .... Good to use while workin or exercising. Very comfortable .. Feels like you are walkin on air.
B00C6FBWX6 great shoes for my gym I'd bought them for my wife. Mostly she uses this kind of shoes for her curve's routine and zumba clases. She likes them even though at the beginning they felt somewhat small.
B00CAJVONQ New sneaks! I really like the look of the shoes but they are a little bit too big. Overall I'm very pleased.
B00CAJXZTM don't expect to run around in these Nice and very noticeable pair of shoes suitable for walking on good pavement only.  The shoes don't provide any sideways stability and you can twist you ankles easily.  I wore them to a tennis game once and it was a miracle that I did not injure myself
B00CAJZDHY Looks like the picture Shoes are beautiful and well made!  Although I'm not sure whether or not the shoes are a little snug or if they're supposed to be broken in, I still love them!
B00CAK0V3O Great Shoes I run and work out in them and they are very comfortable. They breathe and are very light on my feet.
B00CAK7X6C Most comfortable, featherweight shoes I've ever experienced Warning! These are NOT everyday shoes. They are correct in describing them as a fashion sneaker. They are slightly thicker than a handkerchief at best, but that attributes to the feel of your feet being wrapped in velvet which makes these $100 shoes totally worth it. Nice and Spartan looking, not too European, not too over the top and bound to make a subtle statement in RED.I would maybe wear these to the gym doing light workouts and possibly low to medium speeds on the treadmill. That's about all I perceive them holding up to within reason, but certainly am not meaning to knock them for being otherwise very well-made.The magic of these shoes and ultimately the selling point so far for me is the ability to make my feet feel almost better than they would be when bare, which is a tough feat (pun intended) to pull off.I hope and perceive these lasting a long time with the proper usage.Nicely done, Puma.
B00CAK9OEQ The shoes were true to size and he liked that they were pink and black I purchased these for my 16 year old son who is the varsity goal keeper and forward. Pink or bright green seem to be the colors around here everyone wants and pink men's shoes were hard to find.  The shoes were true to size and he liked that they were pink and black.  His favorite brand is Puma and we are hoping these will last as well as past purchases.
B00CFDPE7Y light and very comfortable shoes, the trim color is lime green NOT yellow I am a nurse and stay on my feet a lot.  These shoes are very comfortable and light, which makes a big difference at the end of a 12 hour shift.  I had thought that the shoes had yellow trim but the trim is a lime green color.  This is not a big deal though because the color still looks good.
B00CHF4S7M Excelllent shoes No complaints for this. Everything fits as it should. I like the material of the shoes and the color combinations.
B00CWL2EWC Comfortable shoes for a bad foot. They are so comfortable especially when I have had a lot of foot surgeries and nothing feels comfortable on my feet anymore.
B00DHJQL1I These shoes run small First, I have had other pairs of puma golf shoes.  For me they have always been fine, but these particular shoes are really snug.  I think it's the style and desired fit of these particular shoes, so I'm not sure to tell you what to do.  Im thinking i would have to go. Up at least one size for them to be comfortable.  Having said that, I think they are great shoes otherwise.  Look great and appear to be comfortable...if they just fit...
B00DHJT5PC Great look, Great comfort I tried on 30+ pairs of golf shoes. These were the most comfortable, versatile and stylish shoes by far. They seem to get more comfortable as the round goes on. I'm thinking of buying a different color to enhance my wardrobe. Worth the price of admission.
B00DHJUCR2 PUMA...who knew! Generally stayed away from PUMA as I found the shoes fit small (narrow) to size.  Not these shoes...I walk when I play and (cough, cough) I occasionally swing out of my shoes and these flat out perform!  Light, comfortable and stay with you throughout the swing.I highly recommend them!
B00DHJV95G Awesome These shoes are the best shoes I have walked in, they are light and comfortable out of the box!!!!!!! No regrets
B00DNNOCQE Very comfortable shoes.. This is a very comfortable shoes to wear it all day, also it looks good and fits as expected. I'll order another color to wear it to work.
B00DNNPFTC Just what I was looking for Fit just right. Are light weight and comfortable. Easy to put spikes in and take out. Love the look of shoes as well.
B00DNO0GFE Pretty new shoes I really like these shoes.  I have them on right now.  And I get lots of comments, good ones, about the color--green and yellow.  They are very light--just right for a stroll around the block for a little old lady--nearly 80.  Thanks, Amazon.  n
B00DOE8S9O Great casual shoe I've been big fan of steve madden and puma shoes for years.  I've been on a search for a good white shoe as I love white shoes (Wish I didn't as they are such a pain to keep clean!).  I've had white vans and white sanuks which got dirty quick.  These have remained very clean for quite awhile and are very comfortable and fashionable.  You won't be disappointed with these pair of shoes.
B00DOEFG4Y Good shoes I have these in red that matches my MINI Cooper and they make me absolutely ridiculously happy when I wear them. But a fella can't wear red shoes every day. These are comfortable and look pretty sharp. Not walk for 10 miles in them comfortable, but for general everyday use, they are perfect.
B00DOEFG4Y First time buying shoes online, super easy! I've been hesitant for a long time about buying shoes online. I have another pair of pumas that fit a little differently than the rest of my shoes. I decided to just go for it when these shoes were 20% off. I'm happy I did. They are holding up well, the laces are long, and super soft. I ride my bike in them daily to work (only like 10min ride) and haven't had any sore feet, and they're comfortable to walk in.
B00DOEFG4Y Comfortable Great shoes for the money
B00DOET8MA Love these shoes, fit as other pumas fit. Have had these shoes for 2 weeks and they are super comfortable.i hope they hold up for a while. The red dye from the shoes are turning the white laces pink though I may have to order some black ones. Iwas hoping to get a second set with them like the last pumas I ordered (green pumas came with green and black laces).
B00DOFYPSG Excellent shoes, but sizing runs small The sizing definitely runs 1/2 smaller than every other sneaker I own.  It could be that the toe box runs a bit small, but my other puma shoes don't have thaty problem.  But aside from that, I like these shoes.  Lightweight, and appears to be of good construction. Plus I feel a bit cheesy, yet pretty awesome driving my M3 while wearing them.
B00DOG1Q96 Sadly, poorly fitting. I'm a car guy, and I LOVE Puma motorsport shoes. I've bought a new pair every year for the past seven years of my life. These looked like great shoes to replace my Ferrari Drift Cat Remixes, but sadly, they have broken my heart. I'm now sitting here with teardrops on my keyboard eating chocolate ice cream as I type this review, because despite how sexy these shoes are, I'm sending them back.The reason? These are some of the most poorly-fitting shoes I have ever put on. I have skinny feet, so generally the low-profile, form-fitting design of Puma motorsport shoes isn't a problem for me. This is the third pair of Future Cats I have bought, and the other two fit great in a size 11, which is what I wear in all shoes.However, for some reason, these shoes are only made for people without pinky toes who like hard leather to dig into their foot in various places.First, the tongue digs into the top of your foot on both sides, which makes bending your ankle very uncomfortable.Secondly, these are RIDICULOUSLY skinny, to the point they cut off circulation to my pinky toes.I could maybe get past those things, but the deal-breaker for me (which I later read in other reviews) is that for some reason, the heel of the left shoe dug into my achilles tendon in such a way that after an hour of wearing them, it literally hurt for three days. Weird.Bottom-line, if you want some sweet-looking shoes that you don't plan on walking in, these are for you. However, if you like walking in shoes AT ALL, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
B00DOG3UG8 A Very Successful Gift! I purchased these shoes for my nephew and they are a huge success!  The fit and comfort is even better than he hoped - he says they feel great!  They look even nicer than the photos on Amazon indicate.  The colors are true to the real shoes but the pictures on amazon don't do justice to the two different textures on the shoes.
B00DOG4R2Y Winners I love my shoes, they feel like soccer shoes, the price was excellent, I am wearing these shoes to audition for the tv show The Voice
B00DQYMIQG Perfect fit!!! The shoes is quite comfortable and the fit is just right. Perfect fit if you're looking for a casual wear.
B00DQYYVAM Comfortable shoes Nice looking shoes. Comfortable with slightly thin soles. The retro look is cool and they commemorate a great event in the history of the World Cup.
B00DQYYVAM Beautiful shoe that feels comfortable I bought the shoes to wear as everyday walk-around shoes and only use for indoor soccer occasionally.  They are very beautiful (I bought the Uruguay pair) and comfortable.  I'm not sure they have the structure for playing a ton of soccer, but as regular shoes I highly recommend them!
B00DQYYVAM perfect shoes for indoor soccer Very good indoor soccer shoes,not a great shoes for turf surface.Fits perfectly at 7.5great purchase for the price
B00DTX8UR0 Not perfect but pretty cool I like these shoes, I like the red color, I like the velcro tabs.  The only issue is that they are sometimes hard to get on.  I'm not sure what it is about the structure of the shoe, but getting them on can take an extra minute or so.  Other than that, these shoes are very sleek and help my toddler run and play.
B00DTX8UR0 Great shoe with lots of room I am in love with these shoes for my 15 month old. She has feet that are fat top to bottom, but not wide, and we have trouble finding shoes that fit her. These are perfect! I like that they are breathable and the soles aren't super stiff like some toddler shoes are. The velcro tabs are the perfect length. I will more than likely buy these again once she grows out of her current pair.
B00DTZFZCQ cool shoes! Beautiful shoes, even more cool and fancy than I imagined. Great quality! Thank you very much!
B00DUJ9TSC Its a good shoes I like the Shoes i order and what it is in picture that is what they send it to me .
B00DULV8Y8 grandsons shoes nice shoes for the money and you never have to tie laces, hes a little young to appreciate them but some day he will.
B00DULXWII Perfect little boys shoes! Just love these shoes practical, comfortable, the colours are great and the velco makes it easy for little ones to put on and off themselves!!!! Thankyou very happy :-)
B00DULYICC :) My baby loved his shoes
B00DULYICC Love these shoes!! My daughter started walking recently and now she's running!!  These shoes are not only stylish, they fit her so well and bend with her little foot as she runs.  I have received many compliments on these shoes at school and in the park.
B00DY6160A Love these shoes Great fit. True to size which isn't always the case with puma. Good support, and nice and flashy. These will be my vacation walking shoes.
B00DY6160A Amazing shoes though Little large Those shoes feel like heaven!! Soo comfortable even if a bit large. I love them, definitely would advice it to others
B00DY75DWQ Better than expected... I am always hesitant about buying shoes online.  I was really surprised at these.  The fit perfectly.  I bought these to take on vacation.  We were going to be doing a lot of walking on our trip so wanted a comfortable pair of shoes that my feet wouldn't hurt at the end of the day.  These are so light weight you don't even know you have any on and so comfortable.  My feet were still great at the end of the day. I would recommend these to anyone who is going to be on their feet all day.
B00DY75DWQ Great shoes I love these shoes!  They are the lightest shoes I have. They feel good and I do lots of different type of workouts.  The colors are amazing. The shoes give good support and cushion when doing high impact moves.  The mesh fabric also keeps your feet cool.
B00DY75DWQ I like these shoes! I had never thought about purchasing Puma shoes but I'm glad I did.  The shoes are very lightweight and the color is nice. I have received several compliments. I used my own prescribed orthotic inserts instead to give me the arch support that I needed as these shoes don't have that. I could have probably went 1/2 size up (10 1/2 instead of 10). Wore the shoes to a Linercize class (line dancing with cardio added) and they did well. I do recommend these shoes.
B00DY789HM Love them!!! These shoes are taking me back to high school. The only difference is the wedge. I'm really excited about these shoes.
B00DY7Q7YY Too snug in the toe box I love the look of these shoes, but I do not have a wide foot and I find them to be snug in the toe box. I ordered a 9 and usually wear a 8.5. i found them tight in In the width. My feet hurt after I wore them all day at an easy going sporting event. I have shoes that are way more comfy and are not running shoes. Maybe I have to break them in. I will post if they become more comfortable. Im disappointed because I own a few pair of pumas and they are all comfy and sturdy.
B00DY7Q7YY Shoes fit perfect! In the process of wearing them in Shoes fit perfect! In the process of wearing them in! They are a little stiff, but over all comfortable! I love the colors!
B00DY7QQ4A Felt like a Rock Star How season started out with a solid drizzle (which is my fav way to play). These shoes were great for cutting and shifting. Very stable shoe. Love them so much. Have worn nikes and most adidas in the past but the fit was never right.  These however were great. Wore them the day before to kick around to get the feel of them and break them in some and knew it was a match made in heaven! Also, they are some hot a$$ looking shoes!
B00EDOMUYI Good shoes These shoes look great, and are pretty comfortable.  They start off a bit snug, but soon relax to for well.
B00EDOMUYI They are alright Nice pair of shoes, if i were to order them again I would probably try wide as theses seem to run a little thin. Which found odd as I have never had to buy wide shoes before
B00EDOMUYI Comfortable, light weight would buy more shoes from puma Comfortable,light weight would buy more shoes from puma.
B00EDOMUYI Great looking and comfortable I am so glad I read the other reviews on these shoes before ordering. I also ordered a half size larger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly. The reason I only gave four stars is because, in order to achieve 5 stars the shoes would have to be superior to any other athletic shoe I have owned, and these are close but I have had others that were a little more comfortable. If they were just a fraction wider they would probably earn the 5th star. Since they are still very new to me, there is the very likely chance that they will become that fraction wider as they stretch through normal wearing, at which time I would add the 5th star, because they are that close already. I do recommend these shoes, as a best buy.
B00EDOMUYI Fit perfectly These shoes are awesome! Perfect fit, super comfortable!
B00EDOMUYI Best ever One of the most comfortable shoes ever. It is like wearing nothing at all.
B00EDOMUYI Nice Shoes The shoes seem to be of good quality. Very comfortable from the very start (no blisters in the first day). I lik'em!
B00EDOMUYI These are great, comfortable shoes I've very much enjoyed these shoes.  They look stylish without being loud, and they are comfortable and breathable to wear.
B00EDOMUYI Sizing The only problem was the sizing. All other tennis  shoes I have bought in the same size and were great.
B00EDOMUYI Great design, requires more ventilation on the sides I love the look of the shoes. Would have like more ventilation on the sides like the earlier ones I had from Nike and Adidas. I'm feeling some pain on my soles, not sure why, probably I've to get used to the shoes for a while.
B00EDOMUYI Really Nice Shoes, But. Comfortable and fit just fine. The only problem with them is that the right shoe had a crease going across the toe area. Not sure why its there, maybe a manufacturing defect. Otherwise I would have rated these shoes higher. Its something that shouldn't be there and for me appearance is everything.
B00EDOR4L2 Neat Shoes Shoes fit very good and are comfortable.  They have just enough glitz and color, but not too much.
B00EDOR4L2 crazyaboutthem These are really comfortable.  Walked on my treadmill for 15 mins. with them on when I first got  them and they felt great.  Did not have to break them In at all.  Most comfortable shoes I have ever had.
B00EDOR4L2 Quite happy The shoes fit as I had hoped and were quite comfortable.  They are light weight and my feet do not get hot in them. The colors of the shoe are pleasing to the eye and I get compliments every time I wear them.
B00EDOR4L2 Great shoes My wife luvs these shoes. Very stylish and comfortable. Should come with black laces but doesn't . Work in them for 10+ hours a day
B00EDOR4L2 Great comfortable shoes One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I had foot surgery and I put this shoe on my foot the first shoe I have worn in three weeks and it was great. There is no breaking these shoes in, they are comfortable from the time you put them on I would recommend this shoes if comfort is what you are looking for.
B00EDOR4L2 Cool Shoes Fits well and I like the color
B00F0W9V3K Warning!!!! Toddler Shoes not Big Kid I'm so sorry I did not read the one review this shoes had, I did receive infant/toddler size 5 not a 5M Big Kid shoes as my receipt and email also confirmed.So if you're looking for baby shoes these are right for you, THEY ARE NOT FOR BIG KIDS!
B00FEM6QLQ Fab shoes My shoes arrived before due date love them, had so many compliments on them, I live in NZ so we haven't got them over here, they look great with jeans and skirts, comfy as thanks
B00G4CXB6S LOVE The thing about Puma shoes is that each style fits differently.  I wear a 9.5 in heels, and this was also a 9.5 and it fit perfectly.  I went to the store and tried on this style first in-store, they fit extremely comfortably, but when it comes to Puma shoes I always suggest trying it on in the store before buying online, because my puma training shoes are a size 10.5.
B00G4CXB6S Ready for compliments I get so many compliments for these shoes. My new favourite! Very comfortable (and I usually never wear wedges), and the color is amazing
B00GV3GRJI great shoe I can never find my size in womens shoes and so I got these instead and love them. These are the best working out shoes that can be worn in public that I found.
B00GV3GRJI Good job on the shoes I really like these shoes. They are super comfortable no matter the task. I wear them walking, to the gym or just out for the day. I think they look great as a fashion shoe as well.
B00HTAKRI4 They fit. Sometimes when I buy shoes they don't ... They fit. Sometimes when I buy shoes they don't fit I have big feet size 14 hard to find thanks Amazon.
B00HTARRVY Don't be fooled by the photo The shoes are really comfortable. The reason for 2 stars is the fact that in the photo they look grey. I bought them because I wanted grey running shoes. When I got them they were blindingly white. No where near grey.
B00I9GTJMM These Puma shoes are awesome These shoes are amazing.  A great balance between a shoes feel and a cleet.  Gives great traction on the ground.  Awesome in wet conditions too.
B00I9GTJMM puma faas grip shoes These shoes are intended for golf but they are very comfortable to where any time anywhere. Shipping is never on time but the deal was good. It was worth the wait for them.
B00I9GTJMM Great golf shoe! I must start out by saying when it comes to any kind of shoe I'm very picky. I have 3 daughters and none of them will even go shoe shopping with me. So for The review..... I was very skeptical about buying shoes online, I know Puma tennis shoes I have tried on on the past were very narrow. These shoes fit me perfect, I do have a wide foot and they do not feel tight at all. I have plenty of room in the toe box. These shoed are very comfortable, so much I was very surprised. These are by far the most comfortable golf shoe I own and I have 8 pair, from Nike,Foot Joy and Adadias. These shoes are water proof and I have had no problems with traction. I play a lot in the morning when the course had dew all over it and I have yet to loose traction. If your a walker you will love these shoes. I walked 18 and felt no discomfort or fatigue in my feet or calves. I purchased the black and white combo and I'm ready to pull the trigger on the white and blue combo. These shoes are a bargain at 60 on amazon!
B00JWY3J08 5 recommended. beautiful shoes these run slightly wide.  sizing down .5 recommended.  beautiful shoes.  very similar to asic's cove color
