B0009PQ8XO I Love These I have always liked Puma shoes and these are extraordinary.  Really comfortable, but I would get a half size to a size larger than you might for another brand of shoe (especially if you have wide duck feet like me).  This style in all black is subdued enough that I can even get away with wearing it as a dress shoe at work.
B0009QGPPO perfect very pleased with the shoes. size is true fit. I m a size 10 for walking shoes but in puma soccer shoes i always find myself comfortable in a size 9.5. very soft and lots of grip
B0009QGPPO On big side. Wish I could have ordered a half size down. It's important that soccer shoes are snug but not tight. Nice shoe though.
B000BOCNRI Great shoe Awesome shoes. Fits wider feet well. Sizes run a bit small in the length so make sure to get a 1/2 size larger. I normally wear an 11 and ordered these in 11 1/2 and it fit well.
B000C4XHJA Too small they didn't fit They were too small. I wear size 11 and they didn't fit. It said size 9-11 that's not the case
B000FPLEOG Too big You need to order 1-2 sizes smaller than your normal size, these things are massive boats.  It doesn't matter if you have other Puma shoes in size X, go size X-1 here.  Pretty mad that I wasted $40 on shoes I can't wear now, but that's what happens when you buy Amazon.
B000FVZ1YE nice - no problems with the size Just got 3 of those in - very nice, very soft, and fit as expected. Was a bit worried about the size since some reviews say these come in sizes to large; I got the medium size, and they fit perfectly (I am 5'11" - 170lbs - jeans size 32).UPDATE: Prize just went up from $9 to $17 - I just wait for the prize to come back to normalUPDATE: A negative vote for my review can, in my opinion, only come from someone who has an interest in customers paying as much as possible for this item ... hmmm, who could that be?
B000GCDBXU Get half a size larger It is a fine pair.  I suggest when you order, get 1/2 size larger.
B000HAWIX0 Had to return These shoes looked great, but had to return them because they were to small.  When shopping for puma, increase the shoe size 1 full.
B000HAWJ66 Wrong size has been sent I want to return that item because I received a wrong size. Since now i didn't have a chance to contact to the seller, I hope someone can help me to change this item with the right size that I ordered. By the way I ordered size 11 and got something like size 9.
B000K7EIME Love these! I love these shoes! They are so cute and comfy...great for home and work. I work 9+ hrs a day and these have great arch support. I did however, order a size larger than I normally wear because with past experience, pumas run small. Great shoe though!
B000K7EIME Love these sneakers These sneakers are so comfortable and very stylish. I def would recommend these sneakers to everyone. They do seem to run small so I advise to get half size bigger so you don't get corns or blisters on ur feet
B000MS9RVS Mens Puma Drifk cats Nice shoes good delivery time the first time around, i had to exchange them because the first size i ordered ended up being too small. the exchange took about 14 days but other than that no other problems. (order 1/2 larger than you usually wear for this shoe).
B000OBNAPM Didnt fit My husband use the large size but this puma coach's short was smaller then the usual size large i had to give it to my son. If you are large you should buy extra large to fit in.The quality is very good.
B000P3ZQ0G Feels great. It looks a bit better than I thought actually. The suade is full and soft. I like the detail on the shoe but the best thing is the fit. Even though I had to try one on in a Puma store to get the correct size (I actually wear 10-10.5 but had to get a 11). Apart from that,it was a little snug at the first wear then about an hour after, was perfect. Ihave them on right now!!! Plus you can't beat the price. My only advice would be to get at least a half size bigger than you actually wear.
B000R4XHRC Not liking it I will return I need option for the with either regular or widewish there was a wide size 9. I may have to return it. too small for a 9  kinda tight.
B000R4XHRC Very uncomfortable shoes! I even ordered these shoes about a half size bigger and they are still far too uncomfortable and ill fitting.  Not a good shoe.
B000R4XHRC Small and pricey This shoe runs small. I wear a size 9 shoe and I ordered a size 9, but it was narrow and my foot fit the shoe only without socks.Also, beware that if you're ordering your shoes through this merchant, you will be paying shipping both ways. I paid $6.00 shipping at the time of order. Then I paid $11.96 to ship them back because they didn't fit. I paid twice as much to ship them back. In the future I will only be ordering through Amazon.com directly.
B000R4XHRC Way too small The shoes were made for skeletal feet. If you foot size is near normal or wider, do not purchase, you will be disappointed.
B000R4XHRC The fit was perfect. He wear a size 10 I purchased the shoe for my husband and he loves them. The fit was perfect. He wear a size 10; however, he went up 1/2 size based on past experiences with the Puma brand.
B000R4XHRC Size Chart The size chart for women was not clear. The sizes you have listed are for men only. I still plan on getting the shoe, in the right size.
B000R4XHRC Finally found GVs again! Fit like all GV's always have. I had to go a half size bigger. was happy to get these comfortable shoes again.
B000R4XHRC had to return The sizing was way off. I wear a size 7 so that is what I ordered. These were more like an 8. I had to return them.
B000R4XHRC Love them I was shocked to realize that these fit true to size after reading a few mixed reviews. I have skinny feet and wears a 11.5, and they were a tad bit snug, but weren't tight. The only problem is that if you have fat/wider feet, I would probably go a size up just to be secure. They are comfortable, has a great colorway, an looks good with both jeans and shorts.
B000R4XHRC maybe a nice shoe but asian small. ordered 1/2 size larger than my normal shoe size and there was no way I could have worn the thing all day. Way too  narrow even though I ordered a D!.
B000R4XHRC Puma Men's GV Special fashion Sneakers, Amazon/white My husband loved these sneakers. Great fit. Would recommend. But do get a bigger size from your original size to feel better.
B000REX1DW Great delivery and perfect item I received my item within a week, and it was in perfect shape.  The item was new, no shop-wear, and packed as if it had just come from the factory.  The Puma box was packed inside a larger box that had packing material to protect it as well.  I would definitely use the store again.As for the shoes, they fit narrow and/or short for many, so ordering a half-size larger than normal might be necessary.  I order in the same size as I get my other shoes like Nike, but they are definitely less roomy than other brands.  However, they feel and look great when you're properly sized.
B000REX1DW Small sizes The shoes are great! Really good-looking shoes. The reason I rate a 4 instead of a 5, is that the shoe sizes run a bit small.
B000REX1DW Order 1/2 Size Larger Than Normal Speed Cat runs SMALL. Thankfully, I had time to readthe reviews before my purchase. Whatever your size maybe, they DO run SMALL and NARROWER than the listed sizes.I normally wear a 10.5D and the 11D fit just about right.If you have a WIDE foot, forget it! These are designed aftercar racing shoes worn in various types of racing (i.e. F1,Indy Car, Grand Prix, NASCAR,etc....)and not for a lot of walking.If you're not of normal proportions (read: FAT, HUSKY, REALLY OBESE)Don't fool yourself! You'll blow these shoes out like a ripe pieceof fruit after 30 steps.For those towards normal height and weight, they are ok.Practical? as in a everyday wear, no. More suited for casualwear, where you want something different other than a a hiking boot orbrown leather casual shoe. Quality is OK, considering far-east labor.Thin soled, no shock absorbing material as designed.Again, these were designed for use in a vehicle with positiveheel and toe feel. If you can live within these reasons, great shoe.If not, don't get them, now that you are informed..........
B000REX1DW best shoes on earth I love these shoes this is the second pair i have owned and the only one i will,(unless they come back out with the game cats again,)this are bar far the best looking shoes out there im always getting stoped and asked who makes them and were can they get em, I highly recomend these shoes the only thing is order a half size larger they run a little small per size
B000REX1DW Favorite shoes of all time Amazing shoes, may not be for people with wide feet since it has a tightly snug width. As a reviewer mentioner, do order a 1/2 size larger than your regular shoe size for the most comfort fit because these do run just a tad small. These are the most comfortable shoes i've ever worn. Perfect for driving and very comfortable to walk around for an extended amount of time. Wore these around NYC and got a lot of looks. I have two pairs these black ones and the blue ones.
B000TD48QA Awesome! I saw these at the Puma store and they weren't available in my size.  I absolutely love them.  They run 1/2 a size smaller and I had tried on my actual size, which is a 9.5, at the store and it was very snug.  So I knew to order the 10.  They're definitely one of the cutest flats I own and I get compliments on them all the time.  You can't run any miles in them but for they're perfect for kicking round town.
B000TD48QA Uncomfortable I first purchased my size which was 9.5 but it was too tight. So I returned it and go me a size 10 still to tight. i used it for a while but gave me blisters on me feet. YOu have to order one full size up.
B000TYJVBG Great shoes Initially the shoes looked small for the size 13 I had ordered but they fit well and are confortable. The look and function well. They were shipped quickly also.
B0012Q9T44 Love these shoes! I love these shoes!  I bought the White/Iron/Ether color and they are the perfect white tennis shoe.  They look great without socks and I've received more compliments on these shoes than any other tennis shoe I've ever owned.  I literally got two compliments in the airport while traveling.  WARNING:  THESE SHOES RUN A 1/2 SIZE SMALL.  I never wear a size 9 in any shoe, but the 8 1/2 size was too small.
B0013KES18 Love Puma, but had to return this one. First of all, the picture on this review is wrong.  Not sure if you are all seeing the right picture.  I ordered this shoe and it was wrong in two ways.  One my fault, and one not, but I still got stung with return shipping.  I had made the mistake and ordered this soccer cleat, which isn't appropriate for most junior leagues.  They want the soft turf trainer cleat, so they don't hurt the other kids when they kid. I'm not sure who would actually allow this shoe in a junior league, so what's the point of making them?  My major problem was that they were too small.  All of my daughter's shoes are Puma, so I am confident about her shoe size.  She is currently in an 11 and we ordered a 12 for room to grow or for the big soccer socks, but the 12 was REALLY tight.  I think that's the makers fault.  Please be consistent with the size!  I returned them for a soft cleat in a size 13 and they are a bit big, but better than too tight.
B0013KES18 Runs very small This shoe looks nice but it runs small and narrow. It was too tight on my son's foot who wears a size 1 or 1 1/2.
B0013THNAW Oversized I'm 6'-2&#34; tall and are 180lbs. With my shirts I always have to check size M or L to see which one fits best. I have several M-size Puma shirts. Therefor I ordered this shirt, without any hesitation, in size M. But somehow this shirt doesn't fit right. Way oversized.
B0013TL3KI worst size.. This is product is really extremely big for me. I am usually wearing Large size of any tee's. But only this Large size tee. Doesn't fit with me. It's a huge XL size i think.......
B0013VH7PQ Comfortable and look great.  Worth the price? I bought these in size 11.5 knowing they run small (I usually wear 11) and they were STILL too small.  I had to send them back and order 12's.  After that was sorted out, the shoes themselves are great!  I love how they look and they are very comfortable to wear.  They have a flexible sole and are very light.Cons: These shoes are not made for wet weather.  If you wear them in the rain your feet WILL get wet.  Also, they are fairly expensive.  I wouldn't have bought them without a gift certificate.
B0014DWEEC bad the article stated that I was a size M but I stay huge, but size usually buy that I do not keep this all.without embardo thanks for fast shipping.
B0014DWEEC Very nice jacket but larger than expected I love the color and jacket is very light as I expected it to be. My only complaint is the size: I am 5.6' and relatively fit so I went for a small and it's at least 2-3 inches longer than it should be and also feels baggy. I suggest taking a size less than you would.
B00169MRR8 nice shoe nice shoe. order 1/2 size smaller. i made the mistake of ordering my size and it was too big.
B001B4WF7K Great looking shoe, little snug for bigger feet I bought these shoes, size 13.  They fit a little snug.  They seem to run a little smaller.  Very comfortable and nice looking.  Good price.
B001B516CE Excellent product Had an old pair of these but in Blue. They've lasted forever. Was a bit nervous about the size because normally I wear size 12, but I ordered a 13 because Pumas are quite small. They fit perfect, they're extremely comfortable and they look great!
B001B516CE to small really short size they got it all wrong -This i nice looking shoes, but that dosen't matter is the size is not right , this shoes are really shoes and for the technical point it has all wrong, they are short of size like one size, don't get in this shoes i give my to young brother he 10 my size is 11 so do the math it is really worth it? not really stay  away from this shoes, ship people pay double, don't for get that
B001B51W64 BIG SHOES MY FATHER HAS LARGE FFET.HE WEARS A SIZE 14. HE SAW THIS SHOE IN A STORE WHICH DID NOT CARRY HIS LARGE SIZE. SO I LOOKED ALL OVER ONLINE FOR THE BEST PRICE AND SOMEONE WHO HAD THIS SIZE. AND AMAZON CAME THROUGH WITH THE BEST PRICE AND THE SIZE AND COLOR I NEEDED. MY DAD LIKES THEM A LOT. THANKS CINDY
B001B51WGO A little small I thought the shoe was very cute, but I did have to return it because the size was too small.  When they mention to get a size larger than your regular size, it is true.  I usually wear a 7 1/2 shoe and ordered a 8, but it was too small.  So, at least go up one full shoe size when ordering these shoes.
B001B51WGO Love the Puma Shoes They are very comfortable.  Run small so order a whole size larger than what you normally wear.
B001B52UFG Excellent looking shoes - a little bit tight even for a bigger size then my normal size They look really nice. Very comfy and as you expect white shoes, they would get dirty quickly. Other than that, I would recommend these.
B001B52YSO Run small. I might have liked these, but I could not wear them.  I ordered and recieved what is my normal size, but I would say they were a full size too small for me.  Unforunately, the next size up is considerably more expensive, so I'm not ordering replacements.  I am very disappointed,
B001B52YSO Tight Fitting Sneaker I got a pair of these Puma Roma sneakers in black and outwardly they look great. However, even though I've worn size 9 1/2 for many years these shoes were uncomfortably tight. The left shoe rubbed my ankle raw and the right pressed my toes. After a whole day out (I'm stubborn I guess) they felt a little better but still a bit uncomfortable. I would get the next half size up to be safe.
B001B52YSO Sizes on the small side These are well-built shoes, but the sizing runs small.  I got a size ten, which I wear, but couldn't wear these unless I took out the laces and didn't wear socks.  Also, they don't have a lot of cushioning inside.  I gave them to a friend and he likes them, though.
B001B57ZN8 Cute and Comfy - but runs small... These shoes are adorable and comfortable.  Just be aware they run about 1/2 size small.
B001B80T10 Love this shoe Very comfortable and stylish and goes with everything my daughter has...does run about a half size small.
B001CHCQBQ Puma sizes You really need to order Puma shoes one or one and a half bigger than your actual size.
B001CHCTMC Nice shoes but run a little small I bought these shoes and they are very nice but they were to small so I had to return them. If you are a womens size 8 then you will want to get at least a half size bigger. Overall good shoes though.
B001CHCTMC I love my Puma Street Cats! I totally love these sneakers! They  do run small and I am glad I read the reviews and ordered a half size bigger. I am normally a  5 -5 1/2 and the 6 fit fine with room for thin socks.. Love the style, and are very comfotable.
B001CHCTMC Fit somewhat small but are very comfortable I bought this sneakers for my mom, she said me that they fit too small for the foot size of a person. When you put it, they feels a very comfortable inside.
B001CHCTMC Runs Small I've had my eye on this pair of sneaks for awhile. I love these shoes, but remember that they DO RUN SMALL and are narrow! Most would say a full size larger would do. I was able to fit into a half size larger, giving them a comfortable snug feel with room to stretch.
B001CHCTMC Great shoe, appears to run a tad small I typically buy shoes in a 6.5 but was told this runs small, thus bought the 7. It is still a bit small, have to wear thin socks otherwise my big toe gets cramped or my ankles rub on the back.  Overall a great classic from Puma!  Seller was prompt and communicated well with me, as I was hoping this shoe met the specs of an older version. Recommend the shoe (in 1 size larger than normal) and highly recommend the seller.
B001CHCTMC great shoes I love these shoes!  The only problem I have is a few reviews said to buy a 1/2 size bigger than normal.  I disagree!  These shoes are true to size and I wish I had gotten my regular 9 instead of 9 1/2!  Other than that, I love them; very cute and comfortable!!
B001CHEOW0 Looks great!  (but size runs a little small) I bought this item for my husband who usually wears a size 7.  But when the shoes arrived, they were too small on him.  So I bought a pair 1/2 size bigger and they were still a little snug.  But now they're ok on him.  (I also have a pair of Puma that is half a size bigger than my usual.)  So, if you're planning to buy these, order them 1/2 a size bigger.  Other than this, the shoes look great and they're so light too!  My hubby's very satisfied.
B001CHEPW4 comfortable Very comfortable pair of shoes. They run a little bigger than the size says. Very good quality. I'll be wearing these for awhile, I'm sure.
B001CHEPW4 great shoe love them! look better in person the pics don't do them justice. only thing one review said the shoes fit big so i bought a half size smaller. bad idea,sizes are dead on. they still fit but tight. going to get my size very soon.
B001CHEPW4 too small Someone said the sizes run big. But these run small! I've been an 11.5 my whole life. And I've warn pumas my whole life. Suddenly 11.5 is too small for me.I don't think my feet have grown so be careful. I was really disappointed.
B001CHER90 Less than expected Insoles are Too flat and slightly tight around the toes! I Would suggest going up a half size. Great color though!
B001CHER90 great shoe when I saw this shoe it took me back to a time long past. I had to have a pair. I had to wait awhile for one my size to come in stockl but one finally did. i'm glad I ordered them. puma was my preferred shoe in school and always loved them. I read in another review that this one runs a bit small but it's more of a bit narrow(as all puma shoes were and are) the fit was just about right. letting the laces loose for a bit helps with the stretching of the leather and takes some time but eventually it works out. one problem I have with puma(not really a bad one) some shoes run a tad big while some fit just as they should. go over the reviews, before ordering, know what to expect when you get your order. it saves on being disappointed(for a lack of a better word). also product description says this shoe comes with two sets of laces. I only got the ones on my shoes. not a big thing but would have been nice to have the extra set.
B001CHER90 Caution on size I am a size 11 on most shoes but when I ordered the Basket II in size 11, my foot was very cramped. I was able to return it and get a size 11.5 and boy what a difference. Beautiful shoes!
B001CHER90 Classic Puma Great looking shoe.  Runs a little small in size but not so much that I returned for a larger one.
B001CHG1YY Best shoe ever I love these shoes...had them many years. They always fit as expected and they are very comfortable. So those reviewers who say they are too small or too large don't really know their foot size
B001CHG1YY love it i returned the size 12 for  13 and they are great. I will order other styles soon. Takes me back to my childhood.
B001CHG1YY Excellent Shoe! I've worn Converse shoes for the past 8 years since I found them to be the most comfortable.  I decided to give these a try, but I was worried that they wouldn't be as comfortable.  Reading other comments, some people recommended getting them half a size bigger, while other recommended the opposite.  I decided to go with my exact size and they fit me just right.  These shoes are just as comfortable as my old Converse and look twice as good.  I'm now a Puma fan boy!
B001CHG1YY Regular size runs small The shoes are well made, the suede is top drawer, but they run  a full size or more too small for my foot. That said, with the right size dialed in they are great.
B001CHG1YY Puma  Roma sizing? I have 2 pairs , one all black and one all white ...bought them a while back but here is the thing ------you need to order a half size bigger if you have a wide  foot......
B001CHG1YY The right size I misinterpreted the sizing with my first order. I did not understand that the women's size was listed first. I have since made the appropriate corrections and obtained the correct size. I am however still waiting on UPS to pick up my first order to return back to you.
B001CHG1YY size Love these shoes but always go a half size bigger for best result and comfert.  Eother way Puma suedes are the best!
B001CHG1YY Good looking, well constructed, classic sneaker, however shoe ran large. My husband usually wears an 11 in most shoes he purchases. Since previous Puma styles we ordered ran very small and narrow, we went to an 11.5 which fit him like a size 12. His foot was swimming in it. So we decided a half size down, his actual size 11, might still be too big and exchanged for a 10.5, which seems to fit just fine.  I guess i would go with a half size down from what you normally wear. I wish Puma had a more consistent sizing for their sneakers. They do make a great looking mens sneaker styles. We gave up on a couple other Puma styles. This shoe style seemed to be more like an average mans foot size based on some of the reviews I had read.
B001CHG1YY Awesome just BUY A SIZE LARGER! Great shoes, fit my feet like a glove. I wear a size 9 in converse and size 91/2 in most other shoes. Bought size 10 pumas twice now and both times have been a perfect fit. My shoes also came with two different color laces (white or cabernet) which is cool as the white are the classic fat lace. Anyway great shoe ready to hit the streets.
B001CHG1YY Very comfortable shoe! I ordered this to have a shoe I could wear to work, but also wear outside of work. I am on my feet and walk quite a bit for my job and these have been very comfortable to wear all night. They look very nice and come with a white set of laces as well if you wanted to change them out. I normally wear about a size 11. I ordered these in size 11.5 and they fit great. I would order them again and may get more in different colors.
B001CHG1YY Return I love Puma shoes.  On initial order size was wrong.  Might have been my fault, but pretty sure I didn't order a size 10 since I haven't wore that size in 15 years.  I tried to exchange.  Style was out in my size (12).  I returned and was shipped back to me without an explanation.  I'm very upset with Amazon over this and will probably not shop with them if this isn't corrected.
B001CHG1YY Sizing not accurate. I liked the shoe, but it was way too large for my foot. It was recommended to order 1/2 size larger, didn't work.
B001CHG1YY pumas Be careful when ordering these puma sneakers. They run about a 1/2 size too large. Other than that, they are a great product
B001CHG1YY ... shoes are a1/2 size too small but will feel better with use I feel that the shoes are a1/2 size too small but will feel better with use. They look great.
B001CHG1YY Very comfortable Ordered one size up and fit was perfect. Great shoes
B001CHG1YY Not worth it. They run a little bit large.. Wish i went down a half size. They are extremely uncomfortable. Only buy if you love how they look or need for a job. Otherwise not a practical shoe.
B001CHG1YY Great Classic Awesome shoe. Classic style and really good comfort. The sizes do run small, about 1 whole size. Normally I wear a 10-10 1/2 but these are just right at a 9. The sole is nice and comfortable for being flat. Most of all it's all about the classic suede Puma with the fat laces.
B001CHG1YY Be careful of the size Order arrived on time and in good condition. I love these sneakers. However, just as other people have posted, they are quite a narrow sneaker and a little small. I usually wear a US 10 so this is what I ordered. However, they were just a teeny, tiny bit small. I tried them on and wore them around the house for a couple of hrs (so I could still return them if need be) and they were ever so slightly pinching my toes. Whatever size you typically wear get either 0.5 or 1 size bigger.
B001CHG1YY size should have gotten a half size bigger or my feet need to lose weight,other than than that its what i wanted. had that old school look nice sneakers
B001CHG1YY Good shoe, good price, runs small Great shoe, however you should order one size up because the shoe runs small. I ordered a size 14 for my boyfriend who normally wears a size 13 and the shoe fits nicely.
B001CHG1YY My cool Puma Suedes I orded one size larger than usual, per the reviews. Perfect fit, although they are a bit narrow for me. I couldn't seem to find these in stores and would have never found a size 14 elsewhere. The price and Prime shipping made it just what I was looking for.
B001CHG1YY I ordered size 10.5 I ordered a size 10.5. I received a size 9.  They do not even come close to fitting me.  I was extremely saddened by my purchase and will never order shoes again from Amazon.
B001CHG1YY Love it! Well, they arrived in time. they are gorgeous! Love them! I ordered size 7M / women's 5/5 (Peacoat) as my size is 6.5  I ordered half size bigger, they are okay, but prefer to be 6.5, my mistake, as the sneakers go to size to size. So, recommend to buy them according to your exact size!
B001CHG1YY Nice Classic sneakers ,men's shoes really I believe these shoes are listed as Uuisex because there is no wide sizes.The size tag  on my size 13 is the standard 12 UK 47 EUR 13 US for a men's size.There is nothing on the box that is different.So these are the same shoes that are listed as" Men's" on Puma web site.They are are true size 13 IMO ,what I mean by this is because of vanity sizing and heavier people ,every item of clothing sold in USA is bigger ,but these shoes used a pattern that is from the 1980s.I also got a pair of Puma S shoes in size 13 in the same order.They where way too big and I had to exchange for size 12.Google "Vanity sizing" and you will see what I mean,it started with womens clothes but now has spread to men's.These shoes are great ,love the extra lacrs and very comfortable.They are sneakers and not training shoes,I find them comfortable but everyone is different.
B001CHG1YY Three Stars I usually wear size 12 but for some reason this was a bit too big.
B001CHG1YY Very disappointing I ordered a size 9 and I got a size 7 ..it was ridiculous after waiting for so long..I will not be buying shoes again!
B001CHG1YY Wrong Size The shoes were sent at size 10.5 and not 12. Luckily my 15 year old son liked the shoes and size 10.5 fit him so we kept them. I clearly ordered size 12.
B001CHG1YY As Expected No surprises here. Good product. The one thing I could say, is that they were a little on the small side. I would consider ordering a half size bigger next time.
B001CHG1YY I like the shoe its self But I would go up half a size because mine was a lil tight. The only problem I had was the size.
B001CHG1YY Gift for boyfriend.. He really wanted these shoes, bought them his size, but they were about 1 size too big...had to return and reorder. Process was nice, fast and reliable. Would definitely purchase again! :)
B001CHG1YY I like it I bought this shoe with size 6 female but when I got it, it was more like a size of 6 and a half. I can still fit it but it's a little loose than my normal shoe size.Overal the shoe is comfortable. Love the sole. But just becareful about the size.
B001CHG1YY I am surprised it is not true size, I ordered other size!!! i don't need money i need shoes!!!!!send me 9 us mens size!
B001E1EJ1U Run small Great shoe but the size runs small.  I wish exchanges were offered for this item vs. having to return and reorder.
B001E1EJ1U Kid's Pumas Unfortunately, these were too small for my daughter.  So I am in the process of returning them.  I have already reordered a larger size.
B001E1EJ1U Little bit tight According with the size of my kid, I ordered this size, but was little bit tight. Any way I liked the design.
B001E1EJ1U Too Small Ordered these shoes twice I had to size up 2 sizes in these. Adults sizes fit right kids not so much.
B001E1EJ1U Excellent sneaker I love these sneakers, I've always wanted them so finally decide to order them. The only problem I have is they run a little bit smaller. I recommend ordering a half size bigger. Love them can't wait for the spring/summer so I can wear them.
B001E1EJ1U Much smaller than expected. My daughter currently wears a 13.5 so I bought a size up (1) just in case and it was way too small.  The other 1s (different brand) that I bought were a little large as expected confirming my size selection.  These will need to be exchanged for a much larger size.  Otherwise, both my daughter and I liked them.
B001E1EJ1U Comfortable old school classic sneakers #1 I'm a size 8 in womens shoes so in men & big kids I need a size 6, but instead I went for the  6 1/2  which is the 6.5 USA size n I'm glad I did it fits perfect I love it :-)
B001E1EJ1U Great shoes!!!! I love these shoes for my son.nice look with any outfit. They run small so buy 1/2 size up from regular shoe size.
B001E1EJ1U same shoe but cheaper than the regular gv special cute shoes. i wear a women's size 8 and got the big kid size 6 -- which is the same as a men's size 6 -- but about twenty dollars cheaper.
B001EIJJN6 Size was not published The size of the product purchased does not match the size of the product shipped. The packaging shows the size L and the product size is XL.
B001ELV4LS Couldn't agree more So looking forward to these new trainers.  Facility i play at its too long for astro-turf cleats and too short for outdoor cleats.  The Puma V.1.08 Trainers looked a great solution.  WRONG.They are designed for small, thin feet, with high arches.  I have arguably no arches/flat feet.  I wear normal soccer shoes Adidas/Nike in 10 - 10.5 US size.  As I write this i have a size 11 (US) and i can't imagine going to run around in these for an hour tonight.I would say if you have wide feet - go to an Adidas or Nike - too frustrating to return these shoes.  I sense I could have gone up another 1/2 size and they'd still be tight.They are great looking - the cleats are exactly what I wanted... just wished they had consistent sizes.So now I have to see if my seller will take them back.Puma if you're reading this... TAKE NOTE OF WHAT YOUR CUSTOMERS' ARE TELLING YOU!!!!!!!!!
B001FA1R3I So cute but run small. These shoes are adorable but small.  I would get the next size up next time.
B001FFGNX2 Nice but they run very small. The socks are very nice but they run very small. I wear a size 9 (mostly) and I find myself having to pull them up often.
B001H0FMQE very nice running shoe I like this shoe's style and quality of workmanship.  It does however run at least a half size small from what I am used to buying.
B001H0FU2U comfortable and light! I fell in love with these as soon as i saw them. They are mens but i ordered a size 6 to fit my 7.5 womens size. The sole is shock absorbant. I highly recommend this shoe for beach and leisure.
B001H0FX40 Okay Shoe - Best to Buy 1/2 Size Larger Pumas are great shoes and this one is super cute - old school.  But, it is too small for me - I should have purchased 1/2 size bigger but nobody told me that.  For that reason, I am only giving it 3 stars.
B001H0FYIU great sneakers! I wear these as casual sneakers. They are very cute and comfortable. I ordered them a half-size larger than normal and they fit well.
B001H0G0J2 flat sole, size runs small I love these shoes, very comfy, but there is absolutely no arch inside.  I fixed that by using Sof Sole 3/4 length inserts, which are very thin so they don't affect how the shoe fits, but have great arch support, and I can't even tell that I have anything in the shoe.  Also note, these shoes run a little small for size.  I definately had to go up 1/2 size, and I'm a VERY consistent size on shoes.
B001H0G0J2 LOVE.IT! I love my shoes. First, I ordered one directly from the Puma website. Then I discovered Puma sizes are too small. Like a size 8 (which I usually am on other brands) is small and narrow. I returned this purchase to Puma.I got an 8 and 1/2 from Amazon (which I discovered also sold these), it fit better. It was cheaper by almost $20 getting it from Amazon too! (Puma charges tax and shipping.)I suggest you get half a size higher than your usual.Surely though, this pair is comfy, pretty, and nice on the feet!
B001KW0FZ2 Cute shoe, but size seem to run small I thought this was a cute shoe for a little boy, but the size seemed run a bit small.  I did return it, but will order another one in the future now that I know which size to get.
B001KW0I36 RUNS SMALL I bought these shoes for my daughter for back to school.  At the time she was wearing a size 13 shoe.  I bought all size one shoes (6 pair) for back to school.  They all fit perfectly except this shoe.  It was very tight, and she complained that they were too small.We gave the shoes to one of her friends who really loved them.  They looked good and are very cute.  She wore a size 13 and they fit her perfectly.  However I could not see how a sock could be worn with the shoe.  The shoe looked great.  I gave the shoe three stars due to them running small.
B001KYEDAS Nice shoe, runs really small. I ordered the red/white in a size 13 for my son for the school year.  He has several pairs of shoes in various brands that are size 13 and they are all big on him still, waiting for him to grow into them.  The 13s in this shoe came and he could just *barely* squeeze his foot into them.  Amazon was really helpful about returning them, really good customer service there.  I ordered them again in a size 1.  But even the 1s won't last him well into the school year.  They fit him perfectly now, not too big at all.  They are really attractive shoes and look like a good quality shoe.  So I would say get these shoes if you like the look, especially for the price (especially with the $20 off on $80 promotion going on now, I feel like I got these for a very good price here).  BUT, order at least one size bigger than you think you need.  Oh, also, I am impressed that the shoes came less than 24 hours after I ordered them (both times).  That's with Amazon Prime.
B001KYEDSA Excellent shoes! I have bought these in every size for my daughter whou is now a size 7. They run a 1/2 size big but they last and I get tons of compliments!
B001KYEL0A Love these little Pumas! I purchased these Pumas for my 3 year old and they are absolutely adorable on her! Very hip, yet functional. We bought them in pink, and the pink is soft pink...not the obnoxious barbie pink on many little girls' shoes. They do run a little short. We originally ordered them in size 8, which is what my daughter usually wears in other shoes. However they were too short, so we returned them and ordered in size 9. They fit great. Great shoes!
B001LDKDHU Worth the money This hoodie is so nice.  I got my daughter a size 12 which is a size larger than she usually wears.  It fits her great with room to grow.  It washes beautifully.  The color is true to the picture.  We will buy another Puma hoodie next year.
B001OOMUF4 awesome sneaker This is my first pair of Puma's and I really like them. I got the black/purple and I love the way they look. After reading other reviews that said the shoes ran small, I ordered a half size up and they fit great. So far, they seem very well made. I wouldn't hesitate to buy them again.
B001OOMUOU Way too small The Speed Cat Ballerina is a neat mary jane sandal type shoe that is supposedly made for driving. I wouldn't say it's even made for walking mostly due to the incredibly small fit of this shoe (even for a Puma, which usually run small).Long story short, any redeeming qualities of this shoe for me are essentially cancelled out by it being what I would presume is at least a size and a half smaller than marked (and being they only make it in size 11, this doesn't help me).Perhaps if the toe area wasn't so cramped (or if I had a smaller foot) I'd have more to say. The quality of the shoe is quite nice overall with a smooth leather and fine stitching. Don't let me turn off potential buyers (it is not a sneaker everyone would have), but beware this shoe runs extremely small, order at least a size up I say.
B001OON2BA Comfortable and cool but run small! I normally take a 9.5 US womens shoe. However I had to return them for a size 10 as my toes rubbed against the front a little and cramped. I should of known better tho as most Puma's run 1/2 size small.
B001OON2BA Very stylish, but sharp angle = runs unexpectedly small Purchased this item as a gift (black design on white background), upon request, for my boyfriend's birthday. ALWAYS wears a 13, without size deviation. This will be the first!The sharp angle to the shoe's toe (as it cuts across the toes of the individual) do make the size run a little tight or small, so when ordering, take into consideration trying the next half size up if available. Should solve any issues.We are sending back (go free shipping & returns!) and trying that next size for optimum comfort.Otherwise, this shoe looks especially attractive in its stylings, and would be very perfect in every way. Highly recommended!
B001OONB66 I don't get what all the hype is about ... I really don't. Everyone raves about how comfortable and stylish pumas are .. but these just haven't cut it for me. They're very cute, I'll give them that. But they run pretty small (get at least a half a size bigger) and they're not comfortable at all! I thought I just needed to break them in a few more times .. but nope! After wearing them a few more times I actually ended up with blisters. They have been sitting in my closet for about a year now.
B001OONCDS Love puma shoes The only problem is that you need to buy a larger number because the shoe is reduced, I'm size 10 and it didn't worked, so i had to order size 11 in order to fit me well.
B001P8VMCQ sizes are not listed correctly by amazon Just received these socks.  Amazon does not list the sizes correctly.  I ordered a size 6-7.5 for my daughter b/c site said it would fit shoe size 1-2.  On Puma package it says fits shoe size 5.5-11.5.
B001QC2DNS Puma V1.08 FG Cleats red/black size 9.5 I have these in a 9.5 and overall its a good cleat. Its seems of good quality material, very light, good ball feel and nice and tight fit to your feet which gives you as powerful kick as you can have because there is not cushion zone. It does fit a little small im a normal 9.5 shoe size and these feel a little tight. The front of the shoe is plastic which when you kick with the front it hurts especially if the shoe is a little small on you. i only wore these once for 2 hours and i got blisters on my heels.UPDATE*These started to feel much better when i purchased a pair of sole inserts from famous footwear for $20. I still should've got them in a size 10.
B001URVGZK Seems to run very small The soccer cleat itself seems like a quality product, but they were the same size as our Size 1 cleats- granted they are a different brand.  I would just think twice before purchasing shoes online the next time.
B001VH6Z5U Very good running shoes, they run a little small and tight in case you have wide feet. If you are a size 10 you should orden these in a size 11 so the shoes doesn't queeze your feet.
B001VH7F5E Puma kitty delivers once more I love Puma.  I want to own everything they make.  I like that these running shoes are not too bulky, and the color combination is very nice with a little bit of pink and silver.  I bought half a size bigger than I normally wear because of the great sale price, but I just lace them a bit tighter and they fit fine.
B001VH7FA4 Puma's Great shoe..cute. Only dissapointment was that they were a little smaller than the usual...i never have a problem ordering shoes offline..i always wear the same size...however this is the first pair of Pumas i've got. i just wish i would've known to get a 1/2 size bigger. other than that, they were all that i expected.
B001VH7GVC Runs Small! Nice shoe, but you have to order at least a 1/2 size larger! I had to return these, but the company was nice enough to refund my shipping costs due to the size issue.
B001VH7HZW Very comfortable These sneakers are comfortable and have plenty of cushion. They look great but the only reason I didn't give them five stars is that they run about a half to maybe even a whole size small. Eventhough I ordered one size larger than my normal shoe size they didn't give me a lot of extra room. I couldn't have gotten a better deal since they were only $40!
B001VH8BCU Good quality but size runs small. Alright. So these are descent shoes. I love the style and it is comfy. However, one thing to keep in mind is that the size of these shoes run smaller than other Puma shoes. I have puma shoes that are 8.5B and they fit me quite well, so I ordered these shoes in size 8.5. BUT THEY DEFINITELY FIT TIGHTER and does not leave much space in both width-wise and length-wise.
B001VH8BCU Comfortable & Nice just like the photo. I love these shoes! They look exactly like the photo and they are very comfortable. But one word of advice I suggest you get maybe half a size or 1  size bigger because if you get your exact size you may risk them being a little snug. Also the shoe laces, I dont like the look of the tied shoe laces with these shoes so I just tuck them in so they look like the photo. The shoe laces are very thick there one blue lace and white lace for each pair, also another reason to order a size bigger.
B001VH8BCU Just as expected! What a great product!  The shoes are well made and are comfortable.  Buying shoes on line is "iffy".  In this case my daughter wears sizes 8.5 or somtimes 9.  I bought the 9 thinking if it was too big, she could wear thicker socks.  Turns out the be the perfect size, so plan on the shoe running about 1/2 size small.
B001VH8BCU Great!!!! Absolutely love my new sneakers! They are very stylish, and comfortable. Took other consumers' advice and got a half size larger than my normal size. The fit was perfect! Would recommend.
B001VH8DX2 I like Pumas but this size ran small... I'm a fan of Puma shoes because I like the style and comfort.  I'm a men's size 11 and my last 5 pairs of Puma sneakers have been size 11 with a good fit for me.  To me the Pumas I have bought in the past have fit me similar to Nike size 11 (close fit but not too snug).So I bought these Puma K-Street II on Amazon.com thinking the size 11 should be fine for me as it always has been.  Upon receiving the shoes I tried them on and they were very tight on me (my toes were bumping against the front of the shoe but the tightest spot was on the sides).  I walked around a bit and it felt like the shoes were about to burst off my feet so I put them back in the box and shipped them back to Amazon.So overall I give Puma shoes 4 or 5 stars.  For this particular case I deduct some stars for the strange fit on this model.I hope you found my review helpful.
B001VKXHP8 Really comfy These are so comfortable on my big old feet.  I can wear them all day with no problems.  They really cradle your feet & look awesome too.  I did have to buy a half size larger as they do run a little small but I love them!
B001VKXHP8 A little snug! Cool looking shoe, pretty comfortable and I love the reflective trim, but I ordered a 1/2 size larger than my normal size and it is still a little snug. Might be a good idea to try these on in a store, and then order them here.
B0023NUR96 Great shoe order a size up! These shoes are great quality and super cute bit run about a size smaller. Great shoe just order a size up!
B00266WSBA Runs small This is a cute shirt to wear to the gym or just around casually, but it runs really small.  I normally wear a medium, but a medium in this is really small.
B002ACPK24 Trying to keep on my toes A little lighter than my other training sneaker. I'm trying to run on my forefoot more, and these are doing the trick. These sneakers run between .5 and 1 size small, so go up probably 1 size if your use to Nike or Asics.  I would buy these again.
B002C4JY0Y Shinier than your average Puma I had this shoe in the white/blue and couldn't find it anywhere, so I decided to get the black/silver version, hoping that it was similar in fit and style. Not so much. This has a shiny finish, and the laces are really stiff, and short. The entire shoe is really kind of stiff, even though I've worn it for a while now. You can kind of see the sheen in the image-- this is exactly the way it looks in person. As with most Pumas, this shoe runs a half size small, so order up half a size. I'm still a huge fan of Pumas, though. This off-purchase won't deter me!
B002C4KANY Order a half size down This shoe is super cute and comfy, but order a half size down. Unlike other Pumas that require ordering a half size up, these run a bit big. They are really cute and get a ton of compliments, but the heel does also rub a bit, making it difficult to break in quickly. Might be best with moleskin or some blister block the first couple of weeks.
B002ECFBUQ love love love I love these sneakers! They're SO cute and comfortable. I did get a couple of blisters from breaking them in, but it wasn't too bad. I bought them a half size bigger because I had read a review that said these shoes run a little small. I think I would have been fine with my normal size, but the half size bigger was fine too. If you like your shoes to be very snug then buy them at your usual size, if you want a little room, get them a half size bigger.
B002ECFSEK small boot-tree The shoe is fashion, beautiful but if you have not bought shoes Puma before or do not remember which are usually smaller (this is my case), you must be careful to select the size. In my country I shop a original Sckecher shoe with 10.5(44) and size is right. This shoe claims to be 10.5 (44) but it's like 9.5 (42), has a boot-tree too small for my foot.
B002EENB1U Cool shoes, but.... These shoes are really nice looking; look better in person.  The real problem here is that these shoes seem to run MUCH smaller than they are marked.  I wear a solid size 10 medium width, and in some shoes I can wear a 9.5M.I ordered the 10M from Amazon....and I found that the shoes seemed to be close to two sizes too small for me.They lack arch support as well.Not only do they seem to run smaller in length, but they are also equally smaller in the width.  I sent them back and ordered up 2 sizes to a 12M.This is my first pair of PUMAS, so I don't know if this is the norm for this brand or if they just had a bad production run.  Do yourself a favor, order up at least a size and a half and see what happens in your case.Addendum:  The sizing problems that have happened to others as well as myself have me wondering if these shoes might have been erroneously labeled in the "Mens" athletic dept.  (Not that I really care if they are womens or mens...if they fit, wear 'em.If this happened by mistake, it would explain the 2 size difference in the shoe that myself & others have found.
B002EENI40 Loved but ran small... I purchased these for my husband and they were great! We both loved them. Unfortunately, they ran a half size small for him.
B002EENI40 Not bad just buy bigger size Shoes run small so just make sure you keep that in mind when buying them that you need a bigger size than you think
B002EENI40 Nice shoe I like them so far. However, I usually wear a size 10.5 but ordered a size 10 and they were still too big. Make sure you get at least half a size smaller than what you usually wear. I have two other pairs of Puma shoes and they are the same way
B002EENIYA Sleek and stylish, slightly uncomfortable These shoes fit and look great.  They run about a half size small (like most Pumas), so order accordingly.  The heel does curve in a bit too much and rubs against your Achilles tendon, but if you wear socks and tie the shoes snugly, you don't really notice it after a while.  I can wear them all day (with a fair bit of walking) without discomfort.One other complaint is that the leather used for the upper wrinkles easily.
B002EL3KQE run small They're nice but run small. Need to order at least one size larger than size used. They also light up!
B002EL3KQE wonderful I wish my husband ordered a larger size so my boy could have worn them longer!He loved the lights!
B002EL3KQE comfy and fun These fit a little on the smaller size, so order half size up.  The skeleton of the puma lights up.  My kid said that they are very comfortable.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe but runs small I had to get a whole size bigger for my son.  But he loves them.  I would recommend this to anyone.
B002EL3KQE SIze runs way too small! I love the shoes, they are perfect but they don't fit my son.  He fits perfectly into a size a US size 8.  I purchased this shoe in size 9 and its really thight with thin socks.  Waste of 45 bucks!!
B002EL3KQE Comfy and simple The shoes are very comfortable to wear; however, they do run a little small so I recommend buying one size up. I would recommend them for purchase.
B002EL3KQE too small and then too large The shoes were too small. It does not look like size 5 for toddler. I had to order a bigger size and this one, size 8, was too large for my boy. So, I had to return both shoes.
B002EL3KQE Great sneakers! But run 1 size small Great sneakers, lightweight, easy to put on, easy to clean, great bright colors. My son loves them! He wants to wear them all the time.However they run small. First we ordered 12.5 and 13 (both too small), then we ended up with size 1 - finally right size!
B002EL3KQE Good color and true to size but very hard soles The shoes look great. They are true to size. The insole does come out so you can see how they fit your little one. The sole however is really firm and the shoe is hard to bend (when compared with Stride Rite for example).Not sure they'll be comfortable for day-long wear.
B002EL3KQE Cool shoes! Run big.... The shoes run a size big. At least it won't take long for my little one to grow into them!
B002EL3KQE Very nice but the run small My daughter loves these....  Once we exchanged the first pair for one that's a size larger than what she normally wears.Kudos to Amazon for offering free returns and even paying for return shipping.Bottom line, you can't go wrong with these even if you order the wrong size.
B002EL3KQE get a size up, but get it! Definitely the coolest light-up shoe for kids out there. My nephew loved it! His folks told me to get a 13, but I got a half size up on the recommendation of other reviewers. Good choice, I think I could have even gone up a whole size and he'd be able to wear it. Not sure if he'll be able to grow much with these. But I can get him another pair next year!
B002EL3KQE Cute shoes, lots of compliments. I ordered a size bigger than normal for my boy because he has had PUMA's in the past and I have noticed that they seem to run small.  He loves the fact the puma lights up on the side.  The shoes seem very well made, good and sturdy, I think he will definately out grow them before they go to he!!.
B002EL3KQE If the shoe fits... well made, My daughter loves the light up action that makes puma into skeleton. only 4 stars as size is slightly small. I ordered 1/2 size up and it fits just right to a tad snug for her feet.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes My son loves these shoes.  They are his second pair of light-up Pumas.  The sizing runs small, so order at atleast a full size up.  For example, I purchased my son two pairs of Puma Speedcats in a size 10 and he needed the light-up Pumas in a size 11.  The quality and colors are good and we have been very pleased with Puma.
B002EL3KQE Like it The size a bit smaller than actual size.if you do buy,choose one size bigger.My son loved it,he doesn't want to wait for me to change a bigger size,oh,well ,I will order another pair when he out grow them.
B002EL3KQE Runs very small. Really nice shoes but way too small. More like a size 6 than a 7. Had to return because of the size.
B002EL3KQE Too small My son was a size 11/11.5 tried the 12 and it was way too small.  We sent back and ordered the 13.5.  They are a little too big but he is a growing boy and he will soon grow into them.  He loves them.
B002EL3KQE extremely small if you child has any type of wide foot or its thick, this shoe is not for him, also go up a size in length too
B002EL3KQE Very tight These are cute shoes but they are VERY tight in the heel.  I even ordered half a size up and my son (6) still couldn't get them on.  He was quite upset because he loved the design so much.  Unfortunately, these will be going back.
B002EL3KQE made very small for size.  I bought a size 9 but is smaller than my daughters size 8 nike shocks. The shoes are very nice and really prettyg.  I was very dissapointed when I put them on my daughter and they were smaller than the size 8 nike shocks she has.  And she was so excited to put them on because they lit up that I couldn't talk her out of wearing them.  so now we are stuck with 53.00 toddler shoes that don't fit.
B002EL3KQE So cute, but a little small My son loves these shoes. They are ADORABLE. They might up but not so much that gets annoying. They do run smaller than other brands. Order a half size up
B002EL3KQE so cute! These shoes fit my son perfect! He wears a 9 in the Made 2 Play brand shoe, I got him a size 10 in the Puma shoes so He would be able to wear them a little longer and they are a perfect size, not too big but still room to grow! The light up puma is awesome, when they light up you can see the Pumas' skeleton.
B002EL3KQE Somewhat small The sneakers are amazing and has a good design, but its size is small if you compare with other brands.
B002EL3KQE Soooo happy with it! It fits just right. Even though I don't quite understand the size chart but I got it right because we had another PUMA shoes before so I just get one size bigger. Gets dirty pretty easily, as expected. But looks really cool!
B002EL3KQE Cute sneaks but... My son loves these sneaks but this is our 3rd part in a month. The first I ordered straight from Puma and one arrived with a faulty light up shoe. I called and they said I could return it but they didn't have his size anymore. Since he loved them, I ordered a pair off Amazon. We had them 1 week and one of the shoes stopped lighting up. I complained to Puma and they gave me credit to their store--pretty nice customer service considering I didn't order them directly!! I returned them to Amazon and ordered this pair. So far, both shoes light up so I have a happy 5 year old! Third times a charm perhaps?? Oh and they run a half size small.
B002EL3KQE These are great sneakers!! My son loves these and thinks they make him run as fast as a Puma...I am planning on buying the next size up and maybe a different color to save for when his foot grows.I also read the reviews and followed their advice and bought a 1/2 size bigger.  They fit perfectly.
B002EL3KQE Super cute but a little tight My son's current Adidas shoes that he was growing out of were size 10's so I ordered the Puma's in size 11 (he's 3.5 years old).  I think that since they are a little narrower in the top that we should have gone up a half size or full size.  We got them in and my son loved them but we had to send them back for a larger size.  I ordered a size 12 so we'll see what happens when they get here.
B002EL3KQE Too Small These were about .5 size too small. They also did not last very long. The sole started to detach from the rest of the shoe. Very disappointed for Puma.
B002EL3KQE Love the shoes! Very cool shoes, when my son walks the Puma lights up and it shows the skeleton of the Puma. The only thing is they seemed to run a bit on the small side so you might want to order a half size up
B002EL3KQE These are my sons favorite shoes! I wish they offered as many color ... These are my sons favorite shoes! I wish they offered as many color combinations as they used to, but this one is fine. These do run a but small, but nothing problematic. My son usually wears a 10-10.5, and these fit him in an 11. He wore his last pair until they were way too small, and the lights were still going.
B002EL3KQE Run small I bought these in a size 5 for my little one's feet and they were way too small. I ended up exchanging them for a size 7, which gave him a little room to grow. Other than that we love the shoes. Have held up well so far and are made of quality materials. We have also received several compliments on them.
B002EL3KQE Returning for much bigger size! Adorable, but grossly off in sizing! Order UP! My sons Foot measures 10.5 and the 11.5 is not nearly large enough!
B002EL3KQE Love the look and the light The original shoe size that I had purchase was a bit too snug so I exchanged it to a half size larger.  Thanks to Amazon prime I received it in just 2 days.  My son loves it and the light up Puma looks really cool.
B002EL3KQE Great quality but runs small No complaints on quality!  Only be wary of size.  I always order shoes one size too big for my kids so they have room to grow.  These fit perfectly meaning these in size 9 and whT I would expect from a size 8 in most other shoes.
B002EL3KQE Love the look but...... These shoes looked fantastic and my son loved them, only problem was (and even though i ordered them a size bigger than norm) they did not fit. Im not sure if its just the 'tight fit' style of the shoe or i got the sizing wrong. Im tempted to buy another pair as we thought the shoes were awesome but am abit weary that they wont fit again. All in all a great product but just make sure you order 2 sizes larger then your childs regular size.
B002EL3KQE Go up 1 size! My daughter loves the shoes, loves how they light up...but the size is a tad bit small. I suggest when buying this particular pair, go up 1 size. Other than that...they are nice.
B002EL3KQE Runs very small This show runs very small ... we have another brand sneaker that is a US 2 (kid) and this we ordered in size 3 and is about the same length...maybe even a little smaller.  We were looking for a true size 3 and had to send it back.
B002EL3KQE Very nice shoes The shoes are little stiff but they look awesome and good in quality. Just a word of caution: order a size bigger than the usual as these tend to run small.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes, run about one size small Great quality, great price.  Get compliments everywhere our little guy goes!One thing I would mention is that they run about one size small.  He was currently in 7's in two other shoes, we bought one size bigger thinking he would grow into it.  We tried them on and they were pretty much a perfect fit.
B002EL3KQE Small The shoes were adorable, my son loves them.  They run very small.  He normally wears a size 11 in other shoes.  I suggest getting a larger size.
B002EL3KQE Don't use the shoes table size I got the Puma sneaker, however, the size I ordered was not the size I was looking for my kid, according to your size table. I measured my kid's feet as you recommended and it simply didn't work.The thing is that send back the sneakers to make the change is more expensive than the sneakers itselfMany thanks for this wonderful experience
B002EL3KQE We all like these shoes My kids both love the shoes , between my son and my daughter , they have 5 pairs of these shoes in different colors. They do run small tho, I always have to order At least one full size up. Great quality and design
B002EL3KQE regretful Definitely not true to size.  Order one size larger.  My son cries every time I try to put them on, but he wore them already so I couldn't return them.  :(
B002EL3KQE great sneakers run small Both my kids 5 & 3 have a pair of these. They run small, so if your kids have wide feet may need to go up a whole size. These are hard to find in-store so buy online.  Spent 2 hours at the mall before giving up on finding the right size and ordered from amazon. Very durable, more so than my 5 year olds stride rites. Only complaint is the lights battery will give out around 4-5 months.
B002EL3KQE Too small Small and narrow for the size. Otherwise they looked very nice. Try one plus size than your actual size. Thk
B002EL3KQE Order at least one size up I am giving this product a 4 star only because it runs small. You have to order at least a size or, in my case, a size and a half bigger.Other than that, these shoes are great. It provides great traction for when my toddler is racing around, even on smooth surfaces. The puma logo lights up on impact but it is discreet and is definitely not an eyesore.
B002EL3KQE For my Boy I bought this for my 20 month old son because the design looked so great. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the PUMA lights up when he walks... Which is a feature that he LOVES. Easy for him to walk in and the shoe doesn't feel terribly stiff. We had bought Adidas shoes for him prior to this one and I guess my only advice for people is that the PUMA shoes do tend to run much smaller. He wore size 6 Adidas and I figured that buying size 8 PUMAs would be good and last us awhile but I don't think it will. Next time will buy a size bigger than my intention. Overall though very happy.
B002EL3KQE Runs VERY small We held these up next toy son's other size 11 shoes and they were a full inch shorter. Could they be mis-sized?
B002EL3KQE Cool little kicks I ordered size 8 for my daughter and they fit snuggly (more snug than the other size 8 shoes I have purchse). I kept the pink (since I have 2 more girls who can wear them) and ordered these with pink and purple. They are sweet shoes. I don't care much for the blinking red dot shoes. These have puma skeletons that light up white and are sensitive enough to light when walking. The girls love them (I bought blue/purple for my 20 month old). I would order at least 1 size larger when ordering to ensure your child can wear them for a while.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoe, order one size up! After reading the reviews I took the advice to order up one size and they fit great! He's almost 2 and I bought size 10. Nice flexible, light weight and quality feeling shoe. My son has wide/thick feet but these fit well and are easy to put on. He loves the white light up skeleton that shows through the orange Puma on the outsides of each shoe! It flashes on and off 3 times with each step.
B002EL3KQE Sizing is a Problem I've never written a review before, so here goes:  my son just turned three, and he ordinarily wears a size 8 (with a lot of room).  I read the reviews and ordered a size 9.  When I took the shoes out of the box, they seemed a bit small, but I thought that might be an exterior rather than interior issue.  My son tried them on, *loved* them, and insisted they were perfect.  It was only after a day of wearing them at preschool that he came home and told me that his feet hurt and that his teachers said his shoes were too small.  So I can't return them, obviously--and it's now looking like I'm going to buy another pair, a size up.  Needless to say, I'm resentful.  I do realize this is my fault for not sending them back immediately.  Nonetheless, if I had this to do over again, I would buy a different brand.  If you do decide to try these, consider going up two sizes rather than one.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes I bought those shoes to my son who's 6. He loved them, he wants to wear them all the time. They look amazing but they run small. Get one size bigger so they'll fit perfect. I also ordered different colors!!
B002EL3KQE Love this shoe- but runs small! We love these shoes. Adore them. They're super cute and the cat/skeleton lighting up is so fun for my son (age 5) on an evening walk. The shoes run really small though - I had to return the first pair and order a full size up. We'd order these again - now that we have the right size, the fit is excellent, they're easy to put on, and they're holding up really well.
B002EL3KQE satisfied customer I like them but they run a lil small. I know to buy the next size up when ordering Puma brand.There was no way I could return them because my son was so amazed that he had light up shoes.
B002EL3KQE Light up Sneakers Done Right My son loves these sneakers, I have always hated light up sneakers, but not for the reason you might think -light up sneakers are usually very heavy and stiff and I never buy them for him no matter how he cries. But thanks to PUMA they have made these light weight and stylish, you seriously cannot go wrong with Pumas. These are kid friendly shoes.  They do run about 1/2 a size to full size too small, so order the next size up. The navy toe and heel reduce the amount of scuff marks too.
B002EL3KQE Ran small I loved the shoe overall , but it was a size smaller. the size 7 fits my toddler perfectly and she refuses to take it off her feet once she wears it! Its super comfy as well
B002EL3KQE fantastic sneakers My son loves these sneakers.  they are exactly what the description says.They do seem to run on the small size and are narrow so my adviceIs to order one size bigger.
B002EL3KQE 3 year-old loves! I saw a previous review that the shoes ran small, however, they run TWO sizes small. Know this when ordering!Otherwise, they are well made, work perfecting and are responsibly packaged. Easy return & refund on first pair ordered (which were only one size larger). Wears 7 normally, needed a 9.
B002EL3KQE My son likes these shoes...but they seem to run a little small. We really like the PUMA shoes and my son likes that these light up.  They are a little snug, though, even though I bought them in a size bigger than he normally wears hoping to save them until later.
B002EL3KQE Don't buy this sneackers This sneackers are too beautiful, but I bought a 12.5 little kid size and  they sent me another size that I ordered.
B002EL3KV4 Very Nice Looking shoes not too much to say, they're lovely, they run 1 size smaller, so for example if your kid wears size 9 , order size10.
B002EL3KVE Shoes run Small - Size up possibly a whole size Love these shoes, light weight, grandboy loves them.  Stylish.  But they run small!  a half size to an entire size different smaller than other shoes I have purchased.
B002EL3LZE i love them These shoes fix just as expected. I order 1/2 a size bigger just in case they came small but they came normal. Great shoe.
B002EL3LZE Great Shoe My grandson was so happy with this shoe.  Being in elementary school, I am not always sure of what to purchase for him, but these were a instant hit to him and his classmates.  I purchased them a half size larger and it suited him well.  He never complained about any discomfort.  I don't want anyone to get the impression that this shoe runs small nor large, but I feel that since I don't have the opportunity to try it on him initially as I would in a shoe store, that I would error on the side of caution.  Now that I buy many shoes for him online, I used this rule.  It really is just trial and error.  For instance, I always buy a size larger when  I buy the Nike brand because I find that even in the local store, all Nikes that he has worn are a full size larger because they run small.
B002EL3MCQ Great Shoe if you get the right size I really like the look of this shoe. Seems good quality.  I read the reviews so I ordered a size larger. I needed a 7, but ordered an 8, and the fit was great. So the 8 fits more like a 7 in my experience.
B002EL3MCQ Great overall shoe!! I bought these for my son and he LOVES them. They were meant to be gym shoes, but he wants to wear them more than that. I read all the other reviews and decided to buy an extra size up. We've owned Pumas before and was aware of their sizing. I think with this particular shoe,  I would have been safe ordering only a half size bigger instead of a whole. They are a bit big, BUT they'll last him ALL school year. They also run narrow... which would determine going up a half or whole size. My son has very narrow feet. But if yours has wider feet, ordering up a whole size might be better. They are unique and one of a kind... sure that he won't get them mixed up with another boys. :)
B002EL3MCQ Run small! The shoes are adorable but run small so they don't fit the little guys feet.  I was sad they didn't work out.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes! These shoes are very sturdy and absolutely adorable for a toddler!  They do run a bit small so I recommend buying a size bigger than what you think you need.
B002EL3MCQ Very Cute but size runs big The shoes are very cute!! they arrived early!! BUT the size runs small... my daughter is in size 5 toddlers now and i ordered size 6 but they really seem like a size 7!!!
B002EL3MCQ Had to go up a size, but nice shoes These are the cutest little pumas ever.  My son was a size 8, but the 9's arrived and seemed to be about the same size, so went up to a 10.5. The return was quick, and we both love his new shoes.
B002EL3MCQ great shoe my child loves these shoes.  took a little to break in though.  i thought puma ran small but he is wearing his normal size
B002EL3MCQ Run very small Beware, these shoes run about a size smaller than you would expect. My son had just been measured at almost an 8 so that is what I ordered and I couldn't even get his foot into the shoe! Unfortunately we had to send them back; however, they appeared to be good quality and easy to get on and off.
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoes but they do run a size too small Purchased for my 7 year old son. He fits comfortably in a size 2.  The size 3 I ordered in these shoes just fits him.  Not a huge problem but very important to know when ordering.  He really likes the style and they appear well made.
B002EL3MCQ Order a size up I ordered these for my 3 year old daughter, and I also ordered myself a pair of Pumas. Both were too snug in our regular sizes.
B002EL3MCQ Size issue Size is little small than what it says if a kid wears size 2 they should get size 3 over all rest is good
B002EL3MCQ Wrong size very poor service, I bought a size and they sent me another, was a gift for my daughter and she was sad
B002EZZP1S I like it Very comfortable  shoes. Usually I buy size 8, but Puma I ordered 8 1/2.
B002F0011G Love them, Love them! I had been looking to buy a pair of my first Puma's for awhile now so when I seen these I did not think much about passing on them. Even though they were not exactly the one's I was looking for (seen some in a Puma store I had my mind set on) they were in a size 10 1/2 & that sold me!! I don't find many in between sizes so I was happy they had this size; being that I heard Puma's run small. Was so excited to try them on ~ the moment I did I loved them. I think I am only going to buy Puma's from now on. So comfy & just enough room. Not a heavy tennis shoes. Casual, great colors! I could not be happier with this purchase.
B002KAOLGC Unexpected great service I ordered these shoes in size 10.5 and they were too small. I have never returned an Amazon purchased item. It was amazingly easy and no cost and the next size was sent to me in two days and arrived on the day I shipped the smaller pair back. The new size fit perfectly. The most significant part of the transaction to me was buying clothing items for the first time online. I always worried about the problem of returning items that didn't fit, would it be too much of a hassle? I was very pleasantly surprised with the process.
B002KAOLGC 12 Didn't have a size 12 so I got a 11.5. Snug fit, hard to get used to at first, but good shoe.
B002KAOLGC small size but the only thing that I found these shoes was the size I believed it was 7 1/2 but I was 8 1/2, so other super original model was a good leather and canvas for a skater.
B002KAOLGC Nice shoes I bought these for my son. He loves them. The size seems to run a little small though. I probably should have ordered a half size bigger.
B002KAOLGC Love these... The shoes were a gift for my boyfriend and he really liked them, but they were a bit narrow so we tried to get them a half size bigger but there were none available. He really liked the style and quality. I will definitely buy these when the right size is available.
B002KAOLGC no good Not comfortable at all.. one time use only:-( also fits to small.. my size is always accurate with any other shoe
B002KAOLGC Good shoes Some other Pumas I own were smaller than the size I normally wear so I had to get a half size higher. Thinking that I got a half size larger here thinking I'd be smart. Wrong! Thankfully these are normal sized shoes. Unfortunately I can't return them because they only make certain size and color combinations. I just stuck some of the paper that was in the shoe back in to fill out the extra space and make a snug fit. Problem solved.Another issue with one of my shoes is the thread securing the back of tongue to the shoe broke. Luckily it's attached via some stretchable fibers on the side so it doesn't come off, but I'm surprised at the build quality, that's why I knocked a star off. But I like the shoe's look so I'll keep them.
B002KAOLGC I hope it comes with 7.5 The best size that fit me is 7.5 but I bought the size 7 this time, which is somewhat small. But it is all OK, though not that comfortable as a 7.5 size.
B002KMIM6K Tee runs small This tee runs small.  I usually wear a women's medium.  So glad I bought the large.  Appears these tees were sized for teen girls.  Women should buy a size up.
B002LH4RMM Puma Jiya Athletic slide shoes THEY ARE SO TOTALLY COOL LOOKING.  Well made, too.  But (there's always a "but") they run a little small, so perhaps ordering a half size up is best.
B002LH4T5W Runs large Runs large and is a cheap style of Puma brand. I own 3 other pairs of Puma's that run true to size and are of better quality.
B002LKZBYW These run small! I haven't even gotten to wear these yet, so it's hard for me to rate them.  But, I ordered my normal size and these are just tiny.  So, I'm about to exchange these for a larger size before I can FINALLY give them a shot.Make sure to order a half size up!
B002LKZBYW Half size bigger is too small I wear a 9.5 in dress shoes but 10 in athletic shoes. I heeded the advice of the previous review and ordered a half size bigger. The 10.5 is too small in length...yet the shoe slips a little in the heel. I am not spending more money on shipping trying a larger size.
B002LVUZN8 small in size I wear size 6.5 the reviews that I read helps a lot. I ordered size 7 and it fits. perfect! :)good looking shoe!  I have the yellow and red in color.
B002LVUZWO Good shoe, but runs small I love this shoe, but I can not wear a regular sock with it, because it runs small, and did not have half sizes, which would have made it perfect.  I either go without socks or wear a very thin one.  It is comfortable to wear for long periods of walking and running around.
B002RFQJD8 Try a Half Size Up. The heel area of the insert had to be trimmed because it curves upwards pushing your feet further into the shoe.  This made for an uncomfortable fit and I believe a size up would have been to big for me.  It fit better after it was trimmed, but it still took some time for it to break-in and there was a bump in the toe-box area that gave me a blister.There is good feel with the soccer ball, but the fit issue superseded any good characteristics the shoes had for me.  So try a half size up as it has a smaller fit.
B002RFQLU4 shoes I picked these shoes up pretty cheap. They are good shoes, not great but good. I usually wear an 11 or sometimes 10.5 depending on the shoe maker. The Puma's seem to run smaller so order at least a half size bigger.
B002RFXH06 Great cleats These cleats are great! now if only the snow would melt so i could go and try them on grass instead of turf. These cleats are okay on turf fields but i think they would be 2x better on grass. The only problem with this cleat is that it is about a half size small , so order a half size up at least. Also the spikes/studs in the front are pretty short and i hope they dont wear down after a year or 2. Other than that they are awesome and they are only [...] bucks! These beat any shoes around $[...]
B002RT8FSG Good, but small is too small The look is great and the product is well made, just notice that when it says one size "small" it means small. Its tiny barely enough to hold anything. I use to to hold my indoor soccer shoes which is all that can fit.
B002RT8I0Q They do mean small. I realized they said "small" but I didn't know exactly how "small" it was. It's really small. I thought it was for a preschooler. Though cute, it wasn't for me. So, I had to return it.
B002SSUQWO Good Running Shoe The size is the only problem I had with the shoe. They do run small and I only went up a half size. I recommend gettin a full size bigger than you're normal shoe size. The shoes preform great and have a lot of cushioning. Puma did a great job with this shoe.
B002SSUUN4 like it I like the shape of the shoes, just the size is  somewhat small. It is comfortbal to wear so far.
B002TX7DU6 Caution with shoe Size Like the shoe, but it runs about 1/2 size too small..  The bad part is, it's not available for even exchange.  You actually have to return it for a refund.  Not cool when you want to turn around and buy the same shoe, but in a 1/2 size larger and the price jumps $9 more!!
B002U0KV16 Snug but sublime These shoes do run very snug, but if one size up is available I highly recommend them. The grip is fantastic, the color is not an odd shade as it appears in the picture, and they breathe very well. Remember to add a full size when purchasing, maybe one and a half sizes if they are for casual wear rather than for soccer or other indoor sports.
B002UJTPGY Returns OK, I didn't fully read the return policy but the size ordered was too small and I just found out that I need to pay return shipping on top of the shipping I already paid and then I'll need to pay shipping on the new size ordered.  With all the sites offering free ship/return, I think Street Moda should rethink their policy.  I will not purchase from them again.
B002WC87O0 A bit too small... Got this pair of shoe in a size 8, my regular size, and it fits very tightly. Got another pair in black, size 8.5, fits like a glove. My advice: take it a half size bigger if buying.
B002WTBF6K slides great item! I ordered them in a size that I normally wear in sneakers, and found them to run a size bigger than the sneakers. excellent foot wear tho. recommend this product completely
B002X0E16E great but small The shoe itself was nice... well made, durable design, sturdy sole.Ultimately i couldnt keep the item because the line of shoes ran extremly small.  I have 4pairs of pumas and wear a size 11 1/2 for them all.  This particular model runs small.  I ordered a 12 1/2 just to be safe and it was to small to even try on much less walk in.
B002YD8KIK snug, wonderful Pumas the shoes are pretty snug and take 1-2 days to work in, as most pumas do. they are soooo comfortable. almost like floating. there is no specific impact points anywhere on my feet with these shoes. they run a half size small (so order a 1/2 size larger than usual shoes, ie. nike, reebok, adidas) the mesh is not see through, so sock color doesnt matter. laces are plenty long to tie and work with. light weight! and the textile material is durable. it will not get ruined on a wrestling mat, volleyball court, track, or street. the toe construction is solid to withstand some contact with the real world. two thumbs up on these adidas. my feet do run a bit warmer than i was expecting with the mesh construction.
B002YD8KIK definitely purchase one size up This shoe is great. It feels very comfortable, breaths well, and is the right balance of solid support and soft cushion. As someone pointed out to me before I purchased these, always buy one size larger than your normal shoe size when it comes to Puma brand shoes. I guess that's just how they roll.
B002Z12SV6 :( Not the sellers fault, but there sizes ate strange. I'm a size 9 ALWAYS, & these size 9's were too small. Again, not the sellers fault.
B002Z12VKO Real fashion statement! Very nice shoes, looks great on but the shoe is very very narrow. If you planning on ordering them i suggest you order one size bigger than what you would usally wear (IF you wear a size 7 go for a size 8 instead). Still a great shoe, great fashion statement.
B0030BFF5Q My favorite running shoes I love these shoes.  They are comfortable and a good value for the price.  I originally bought as my dedicated workout shoe, but when I wore out the padding I retired those to daily around town shoes and got a new pair for my workouts.  So obviously I think these are great shoes.  On a side note about sizing, if you wear a half size, go for the size up instead of the size down.  I am a true 10.5 and the 11s fit great, and I recall that Pumas tend to run small.  In terms of color, I have the grey/pink/yellow and also the black/grey/purple and like them both.
B0030BFFIS Buy a larger size than normal! I bought these in a size 10.5. I wear a size 10 in any other shoe and most sneakers. They're half a size bigger than my usual size and fit really snug. I'm hoping they'll stretch out as I wear them. They're really comfortable other than the fact that they squeeze my toes a bit when I first put them on.
B0030BFFIS Nice shoes but small Be careful when you choose the size. I am 6.5 but I like to buy sneakers for a 7. These, I got at 7.5 for the reviews and it seems ok, not big at all, even a little tight, but I don't think it will be a problem.I like the design and they are comfortable.
B0030BFH3Q Good looking shoes....but too small These are some stylish shoes, can't wait to wear them.  Had to return them for a size larger, so keep that in mind when you order yours.
B0032NVJU2 Pume must put  some size regulation I bought a 11 size (im 10.5) thinking that will be a littler bit big for me.... and my surprice was when i test them and got small!
B00361FQGS runs small I had to return because it was toooo small. I normally wear a small or medium. I ordered this in medium and it was still too small thru the shoulders-and I have small shoulders. But it was well made and I would have kept had it fit.
B0036FTA0M size really nice and convinient but the size is a little bit larger. 9 us = 42 eu
B0036HVQCA Normal Normal quality, normal design and normal price. The size is a bit too small so you should buy a larger one.
B0037KMNAU Loved the shoes, wish I hadn't bought wrong size I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loved them but upon further inspection we had to send them back because they were about half a size too big. I can say these shoes are definitely true to size because he can usually wear a 9 or 9.5 just fine but the 9.5 was uncomfortably too big.
B0037KMNAU size runs small overall i really like the style and look of those shoes, and let me start by saying i own over 15 pairs of the Puma "el rey" shoes and and 3-5 similar styles to this, all puma. and these were significantly cheaper made than any of the other Pumas i have bought. one thing of note is that they do run a size small because the opening was not well designed and it is about as big around as your ankle, not allowing much room for your whole foot to get in, i had to use a shoe horn and some serious force, and this within the first couple days lead to the VERY THIN leather to tear up both sides of my foot. i have had all of my el rye's for much longer and some for years, and have not had any tearing, but these shoes looked like they were years old after only a couple of weeks and it is possible that at least the tearing around the oppening could have been saved by a size larger. I really love Puma, and again, i am a huge fan of the style and look of these shoe, but honestly i was severely disappointed in the quality of the materials and workmanship.
B0037KMPVW Cute, but runs small I'm so sad I had to return these, they were gorgeous! But I am a size 11, and the size 11 ran REALLY small. I had to squeeze my toes to make my foot fit. I really wish they ran larger.
B003AU4OTK lttle kids puma Lite weight and extremely comfortable.  My son loves the puma sneakers because they are so lite weight he feels he is not wearing anything.  Only thing is they run a full size small so make sure you add a size up in your order.
B003EE49VA Really cute but narrow and a little small I consistently wear a size 10 shoe with no issues, sometimes 9.5 if they are open toe.  I purchased these shoes in a size 10 and noticed they are sized slightly smaller and narrower.  They do offer really good support though and I'm hoping with time they will give a little and fit more comfortably.
B003EE7NMW Great looks, but too small I really liked the idea of the Ferrari badging on the side of these eye-catching shoes, since I'm a car nut. Generally, I wear between 10.5 and 11.5 (US) for shoes, so I figured ordering these PUMAs in size 11 would be sufficient. I was quite mistaken. They were very cramped, and my toes really pushed on the end of the shoes. I quickly sent them back, and am waiting for size 11.5s, which I hope will fit just fine...because the 12s are $30 more! All in all, these are great looking shoes, but I'd suggest ordering them one size larger than the smallest size that you can fit into, otherwise you really won't like the fit. So keep in mind that PUMAs run small.
B003EE7XGS Runs small but nice shoe... These shoes are very nice if you want the flat bottom as I was looking for. They do run about a half size too small. My daughter wears a Big Kid 2. I would have ordered up, but they did not have the size I needed.
B003EE7XGS My son normally wears a size 9 or 10 so ... My son normally wears a size 9 or 10 so I bought a size 11thinking it will fit him for a while but it fit him really close.
B003EE7XGS Mix up in the delivery, I suppose. My little boy is due for new shoes unfortunately I received the wrong size. A size 7 was to small. So I returned them for a full refund.
B003EE7XGS Very disappointed I order a 3.5 and I received a 3 half size too small the box said they where 3.5 but the sneakers said they were a 3 inside the sneaker
B003EE7XGS The size was small The size I have received was smaller than I saw in the size table.... the matter is that the size table is different that the size that I can see when i made the purchase....
B003EE7XGS Too small but very cute We ordered a half size larger than her current size, but unfortunately they were too small.  She's a growing toddler, so this happens. I wish we could have gotten a larger size, but there was not one available.
B003EE9GYU great walk-around shoes item was on sale (40% off regular, even at mall price), too good to pass on. last pair left, so quickly bought it.comfortable to wear even on long walks, very nice color and nice contrast when wearing blue jeans. be sure to order half size or 1 full size bigger depending on how wide your foot is. delivery was on time even during the christmas holidays. came with the puma box. looking forward to my next puma purchase at amazon.
B003EE9L0E My boyfriend loves these Strange situation, I bought these for my boyfriend. I bought them in his size which is a 12.  Too small.  So I returned them to Amazon at a loss by the way.  I was charged for return shipping since it wasn't the seller's error.  They run small which was unknown to me at the time of purchase.  I bought a size 13 from a competitor and he loves them. I also purchased the matching PUMA socks for him.  Overall great purchase but I wish I had known they run small.
B003EE9MQM Not True to Size The shoes are very cute, but I ordered an 11 and they were smaller than my daughter's current shoes that are a size 10.  I would go at least a full size larger than you'd normally order.
B003EE9O4W size matters this shoe is abit to small in toe area and would send back if she hadn't wore them I'll have to buy bigger pair, Thanks
B003EE9O4W Size up Cute but too small. My son is an 8 1/2, so I ordered a 9. The 9's are smaller than his Stride Rite 8 1/2. If ordering again, I'd size up one size.
B003EE9O4W Adorable! Order up a size or two! These shoes are adorable! Bought them for our 14 month old. Originally bought one size and had to exchange. We had to go up 1.5 sizes. As other reviewers said, these run really small. But they are super cute and great quality!
B003EE9O4W check your size My kid loved it but it fit some what small. Will need to get a bigger size. Also, need to check his size to ensure right order is placed.
B003EE9O4W Ok puma. Love the look. Great color. Very stylish. The only problem - they run very small. Very small all around. My son has a small narrow foot, very tiny feet. We ordered these a size larger. Oh well.
B003EE9O4W LOVE! Fit true to size, easy to put on! These are great shoes.  They fit true to size and are very easy to take on and off.  I ordered them a half size bigger so my son could wear them longer and grow into them.  These are super light weight and not clunky at all.  I would highly recommend these shoes and the price on amazon was awesome at $25, who can beat that for pumas!
B003EE9O4W Almost perfect. My daughter loves these new Pumas. They seem to be high quality and are definitely cute on her. But they are really at least a size smaller than the tag suggests. We got her sauconys on amazon at the same time in the same size and those fit great.  I recommend these pumas but definitely go up at least one size.
B003EE9O4W Niece love Sneaker but to small My niece loved the sneakers but they were to small she is a size 8. They seem to run small so we exchanged them for the next size of 9. They arrived and fit and she loved them,, Thank you for the fast turn around...
B003EE9O4W True to size I ordered her current size in sneakers.  However, the puma's were too perfect and she probably wouldn't be able to wear them longer than a couple of months. So, I returned them and went up a whole size.  Now they're perfect.
B003EE9O4W Nice lightweight shoe but run small. Just got these shoes yesterday in the mail and I love them. They are so cute on my 2 year old! The shoe is so light and my son is able to run so fast in them without tripping even. Fortunately I read enough of the reviews to order up a size and I'm so glad I did. My son wears a 7.5 wide so I ordered a 9 and they fit great. His foot is wide in height and I'm able to velcro the shoes without a problem. There is no way the size 8 would have fit. Now I think I want to get a pair for my 5 year old :)
B003EE9O4W Puma Cabana Love the color, but my daughter is a size 9.5 got the Puma's size 10 too small :( I'll probably get her the 10.5!
B003EE9O4W Too small It fits half size smaller than advertised. It made indentation on top of his foot. I wouldn't buy this product again.
B003EE9O4W Disappointed . Too small My son wears a 12.5-13. I thought he would have room to grow into these shoes for sure. Not at all, they were too small when we received them. Such a bummer. Got them from zappos instead for two sizes up since amazon didn't have them and free shipping.
B003EE9O4W small but easily exchangeable The shoes are adorable but they were too small.I just exchanged them for a larger size. I do think they run a little small compared to other toddler shoes and even other puma styles.
B003EE9O4W pretty but way too small My daughter wears size 12 (little kid) and I ordered 12.5. I was surprised when I opened the package. The shoe box was really small. Indeed the shoes were way too small. This pair is the same length as a size 11.5 which my daughter is wearing and shorter than her size 12 shoes. Since PUMA is narrow (not as wide as regular medium), it is tight to fit into. If you want to buy it, go up at least 1 size.
B003EE9O4W Very cute but Small These sneakers are really cute I got them for my daughter she's 4, she wears a size 11 now with some room, I ordered the 11.5 her big toe was all the way at the top. I exchanged it for size 12 fits so much better. They do run small get a full size bigger if you want them to last a while.
B003EE9O4W Adorable Shoes, Colors Just as pictured These shoes were very cute, the colors are just as pictured but I got a size 4 for my daughter and I thought they would last her a while but they were somewhat small for her. They fit her size 3 going into a 4 just right. I was hoping they would be just a little big for longer wear.
B003EE9O4W Very Cute but Runs Small My 2 year old wears a size 8 shoe and the 8s were too small on her.  I exchanged for a size 9 and they fit perfectly (I was worried they would be too big).  The shoes are very cute but keep in mind that they run a bit small.
B003EE9P14 Puma Shoes I love these shoes. They are very comfortable when walking. The size I bought was a little larger than the size I use, but that's no problem, I really like.
B003EE9P14 Wrost item I've bought on amazon I bought these in a size 10 & I got one shoe 8 1/2 & the othe 9... I'm so returning these...
B003EEBFI0 Extremely small The fit is ridiculously small. It is more than one full size too small from end to end. Also too narrow.
B003EEBFI0 too small to size The shoes are lovely, but they are too small to size and I have to return it : (
B003EEBGQQ Looks perfect but somewhat small It looks perfect, but somewhat small for me. My foot size is not bigger than 10. It's a pity. Z
B003EEBGQQ A sexy sneaker The Run narrow on the with,  so order a size bigger than what you usually order ,but I love them they look great!
B003EEBGQQ Nice buy These shoes are comfortable. They are kinda snug so you might want to buy one size larger than normal. Other than that, they seem well made and should last a long time.
B003EEBGQQ Great comfortable shoes that look nice. I like Pumas and have a couple pairs now. This shoe is attractive and comfortable which was what I was I have come to expect from Puma. Just like everyone here seems to say if you normally wear 12's in other brands then size up when getting Puma's. The 13's I ordered fit me perfectly.
B003EEBGQQ Puma Turin Very good service!  Love the color of the shoes, but the fit is true to size could have ordered half inch bigger of my size but overall satisfying!
B003EEBGQQ Ultra Comfortable I love these shoes, the "cells" are really comfortable for walking and running. Pumas tend to run a half size smaller for me, so I always get a half size larger. I have a pair of Nike LunarGlide 2, and these Pumas are even better.
B003EEBGS4 Had to return, too small I usually wear a 7 or 7.5.  I ordered the 7.5 and they were really small, so I returned them, paying $6 for shipping (I have prime so did not pay for shipping to my house)  I re-ordered a size 8, they were still too small!  They fit just like the 7.5!  I was worried they were mislabeled but no, I was indeed trying the size 8 on.  So I returned those, paying for return shipping AGAIN.  I didn't order another pair because I didn't want to deal with it anymore.  Basically I paid $12 total in shopping for no reason as I still have no new shoes.  I liked this style and I could not find it in stores so that's why I was ordering online.  I ended up going to DSW and getting another pair of Pumas that I don't like as well, but they fit perfectly.  And oh yeah, they're a 7.5.  Puma needs to work on quality control with sizes.
B003EED7Y0 wrong size note these sneakers is smaller in one size. that sneakers I have a gift to a friend. I recommend  think about when choosing the size.
B003EEH7NM size large Size chart to compare and select the right size have a different description of de size to select in the product.
B003EEH7NM Good quality shoes Very happy with my kids new shoes. I bought them a half size bigger as he's 6 and growing and size is never certain on Internet purchaces. He wears size 11 boots and shoes and these will last as his new indoor school shoes. Made very nicely, very good quality materials. He says he'd like red ones next time. I might order another pair of pumas for outside.
B003EEHDQ8 Good shoes but on the smaller side I got these and another brand in same size and these were really snug for her compared to other one. The shoes do look great and comfortable but we had to return it. I suggest getting a size or two bigger.
B003FZ9DXW shoes run a tad bit big The shoes are just as it describes, but you may want to go down in size when ordering, as they seem to run big.
B003FZ9TYA Great deal!!! I can't believe that I got these for $35. Can't beat amazon prices! They are very comfortable. Based on other reviews I bought a 0.5 size larger and they fit perfectly.
B003FZ9TYA Awesome Shoes Shoes run a bit small so go a half to a full size larger.  They fit your foot like a glove.  Not great for walking long distance but then again they are driving shoes.
B003FZ9TYA check sizing Very comfortable and well made. Light as a feather.  You have got to try one on somewhere before ordering or else you will be returning it many times.  I take a size 10 in sneakers but in this one an 11 1/2 fit me.  I was able to try one on in a store before ordering one on line (it is $15 cheaper on line).I also bought a Drift cat II and I had to get a size 12 to fit me.  They both are great sneakers and very cool looking.
B003FZ9TYA Awesome sneakers Stylish, comfortable, and lightweight sneakers that I wasn't able to find in any store. The shoe is a bit narrow, but the length is good. Like others have said, order half-size to a size bigger because they run a little small.
B003FZFTA8 love these! I have the black ones and I got them in size 8, although my regular shoe size is 7.5, so they do run a bit small as suggested in the other reviews.  They are very light weight and very comfortable.  They are a bit sporty, but I think I could get away with wearing them at work too.  They are great on the weekends with jeans, and I have received a lot of compliments on them.  I have trouble finding comfortable flats, but these are great!
B003FZGOC0 Puma running shoe I usually buy shoes size 9 or 9.5. I bought size 10, because Pumas usually run small. It was too small and the shoe itself seemed kind of hard and uncomfortable...Looked pretty though....
B003FZGOC0 Nice Shoes These shoes are very nice.  They look nice.  Lots of compliments.  They do run small and fit snug at first however they do stretch out a little.  Order a bigger size.  I should have gotten an half size bigger than what I normally wear.
B003FZJWW4 Pay attention to the size I always buy shoes from Puma in size 10.5" and decided to buy this model at Amazon. Luckily I went to a mall to compare prices and could try a similar model. To my surprise, the 10.5" that I use for years was tight and I had to choose the size 11". I ended buying it on Amazon because it was cheaper and besides this Puma sizing problem, I have absolutely no complaints.
B003FZJWW4 Not properly sized I love PUMA brand sneakers.  Unfortunately, this style did not meet my expectations.  They were nearly 1 size smaller than the other pair I have which is the same size.  I was very disappointed.  If you like them and are able to get them a size larger, do that.  Unfortunately for me, there is no larger size.
B003FZJWW4 size too small for 10 The product arrived in a timely manner and appears to made of good quality, however I have not worn it as the sizing is  small, I regularly wear a size 10 with other sneakers and this one fits small. It would have been helpful if there was a disclaimer that all sizes fit small and you should consider going up one size.  I am now returning this item as the seller does not carry this line and am hoping for a full refund.
B003FZJWW4 waste of money The size chart on the webpage is erroneously advertising size 9 D to match US size nine as a wide model. After reading the reviews I got one number bigger. However the shoes I got are really narrow and short (even though I got them one full number bigger).After all the negative reviews the seller should add a note so we wont have to waste money on shipping back shoes.
B003H6DC8G They were too small They fit my 9 and 10 year old great!! But I bought them for me. The size was right but too small!!
B003JY9QZO Great but i couldnt wear them i ordered he wrong size..too big Great shoes...just too big for me! Decided i needed to get myself a pair of white shoes. so i thought PUMA!!. Ordered it online, shipped fast and before you know it, it was here and I WAS like WHOAHHH size 13?!? Holy Cow I cant wear these But hey Great service , would recommend if you wear their sizes
B003JYGRGA Great style but too tight (fit that is) Old school style is great but these shoes run on the small size by at least one half shoe size.
B003LY4PFS too small order one size larger than you usually wear these run really small!!  Super cute shoes though and I really wish that they did fit :(
B003LY4WGA Too small Purchased shoe because my old pair of pumas was too small at 10.5, they run too tight.  Ordered these as an 11 thinking that would help, wrong!  Seriously tiny, smaller than the 10.5s I had.  Very dissappointed.
B003MAJTAM Run a little small A friend recommended these to me through myList. They run a little bit small in the toe, so you probably want to get a half size bigger. Great shoe though!
B003MAJWCW Awesome Shoes I have only worn them a few times, so I can not vouch for their durability, but they are soooo comfortable! Feels like walking on air. Super sexy for sneakers, and they make my feet look so small. They might run a little big; I wish I had bought a half size smaller, but I can just get thicker socks. Love them and love the colors!
B003MAJWCW Puma sizing tricky... I had found a similar Puma shoe I liked in the store; however, the store didn't have the right size.  The shoe seemed to run on the small side.  So, when I ordered on-line, I took this into account.  This did not work to my favor.  This shoe, on the other hand, seemed to run large.  I returned one pair and ordered a smaller size.  However, when this smaller one arrived, it was also too large.  I finally just kept it, as I didn't want to bother with the process anymore.
B003MAJWCW TOO BIG I had bought a pair these puma shoes before in a size 31/2, but they were a little to tight, so I was told to try a bigger size because they are made really small, but these were't So they are about 1 1/2 size to big..
B003MAJWCW Puma I purchase shoes for my aunt who is very happy with them, she wears a size 51/2 and this was the only place that I could find this size.
B003MAJWCW I love these shoes! They fit perfectly. I remembered to purchase one size larger than my original size, since Puma shoes run a bit small. Overall, I am satisfied.
B003MAJWCW It's ight I read that pumas run small so I got a 9,5 instead of a 9 it was too big so I put some stuff in the toe temperarally but I don't suggest going half of a size up
B003MAJWCW comfy! These shoes are so light, very comfortable. They make my feet look small, not easy for a size 9! Runs just a touch big, will order a half size smaller next time.
B003MAJWCW Half size too big Laces feel kind of cheap and it's a half size too big.  I also got a pair in black, which fit a little better, but are still a bit big.  Comfortable enough, with decent support.
B003MAJWCW Awkward fit These shoes do not fit well around the ankle.  I originally thought the first size I got was too small (my toes were touching the end) but then I went up a size and the ankle gaps no matter how much I tighten the laces...bummer they looked so cute on line :(
B003MAJWCW had to return for larger size I usually wear an 8 but bought 7.5 because of previous reviews. I returned them for 8.5 and they fit great. Fast and easyreturns I love Amason prime
B003MAJWCW puma runs larger than size This is a great shoe but runs large. Puma sizes start at 5.5. Very difficult to fit a small foot unless you go to the kids size 3.5.
B003MAJWCW Good Fit Comfortable Shoe It's impossible to find anything over a size 10 puma in retail locations and even though I am usually a size 10, I am not in Puma. So buying a size 11 was a little bit of a risk (size 10.5 was out of stock.) Needless to say, these fit perfectly and I am glad I had them to wander around E3 in.
B003MAJWCW shoes i have small feet and normally wear a 5 1/2 i bought a size 6 and it is quite tight, i hope it stretches and i can enjoy my new shoes.
B003MAJWCW Despite the name--It's NOT leather I don't wear synthetic leather, so I was disappointed to see the ingredient label said the upper was synthetic.  I ordered the 9.5 because it was considerably cheaper than my usual size, and was very surprised to find that they fit.  This shoe runs very small.
B003MAJWWW Nice shoe at a great price This is my second pair of Puma running shoes.  The first I got in the size I normally wear (8.5) but they were too tight, too short.  I wore them for a while but they didn't stretch much, so I ordered these in a whole size bigger.  If there wasn't so much mesh on this shoe, they might be on the snug side too.  Going up a size bigger seemed to just make them wider rather than much longer.  Confusing sizing aside, these are great shoes, feel light, my feet never get heavy, even on longer runs.  The laces are super long though and stretchy, so be prepared for that.
B003MSMI2K Puma I loved the appearance of the shoes but they are a bit too narrow in the front.  I wear a size 9.5 and I always go up a half size just in case they aren't wide enough.  I did consider getting a wider size shoe, but they wear out of stock.  I would definitely buy a EE size next time, but I'm satisfied with my purchase.  Only time will tell as to the durability of the shoe!!!!
B003R1QIQ4 Good, but not perfect I was looking for good socks for my son, and came across these here on Amazon. They served their purpose, but they were a bit smaller than I thought they should have been. I ordered the right size, but they were a bit small for my son's feet. He doesn't have large feet, they're average, so they should have fit perfectly. We were still able to use them, but I thought they fit a bit on the small side, so beware. Ordering a size larger should be just right.
B003R4ZOSO Great shoes. These are very comfortable and obviously very stylish.  They seem to run a little small.  Size 10 is usually perfect for me, but these were a little snug.  I broke them in soon enough.
B003R4ZVJG Sweet Kicks I love these shoes! They are super comfortable, and very stylish. However, they run a bit small to normal sizing. I would recommend going up 1/2 a size to make sure you get the right fit. Enjoy!
B003S3SX6E I don't know who to blame this on As I had read in other brand's reviews, the sizing is off. First of, too narrow. Second, it says it is a 12, but I believe it is 11.5. I have other Pumas, Adidas, Reebok... all of them are 12.Is this a manufacturer deficiency. I think so. Is it a retailer problem. I think so too... if this is a known issue, why is not taken care of somehow?. For instance, talking to the manufacturer, or, suggesting customers to request a size larger, etc.You may ask: why did you not ask a size larger then, if you knew the problem? well, the issue seems to be just for certain makers/models, so, what if I buy a size larger and it turns out that it actually fits too big? can I complain?. The answer is NO. So, I preferred to ask for the (supposed) right size, and hope for the best... but it didn't happen. Now, this retailer specifically didn't want to exchange or refund at no cost; I had to pay S&H.; So I returned it and lost ~$10.Next time, when it comes to shoes, I'll go for Amanzon's FREE RETURN. No retailers. At least not the retailers who haven't figured out yet how tricky buying shoes is online, and the need for FREE RETURNS for shoes.
B003UBTU7K Great for begginers!! Shoe laces always get loose. Change them if you can. It great though! I am a size 8 in women shoe size and I got this in 6.5 children's size so it will be cheaper. This was the cheapest pair of soccer shoes I found online for my size. Geat quality for the price you pay. Doesnt break easily. Veru durable. Your feet fits snugly inside it. My only complaints are the shoe laces. I always have to tie them every 30 minutes or I have to make a knot after making a ribbon. Wear thick socks!! Kinf of hurts a little when I run for a long time. Maybe also because I have huge feet and Im an adult lol and these are children's size pair of shoes.
B003UBTXHM Love the shoes but ran kind of small... These shoes were so freakin cute, my 3yr old wears a size 8.. so ordering a size 9, would give him room to grow but they were so small I couldnt get his feet in them! So sad!
B003Z6PXJY too tight and small 2 tight and small.... i ordered size xl ( 14- to  16 yrs ) to my niece, it was too small , so i give it to a friend daughter , she is 9 yrs and fits her
B003ZJ8KKU Good buy Good shoe for the money. Hard to find a decent SpeedCat at the right price these days.Sizing seemed a bit large for Puma; I usually need a 1/2 size larger than true, but in this case the true size would have been fine.
B003ZJCEXO Size is way off I ordered a Medium size, but when it came it was way too big.  So much so that i could wrap it around.  This jacket ft more like an XL.
B003ZW2FJO Run much bigger then expected Way too big had to return and get a smaller size. The quality was fine, i wish there were more variety.
B0040V5UNC Runs Small Order a size bigger since it runs small. But otherwise, a great shirt and the material is soft and thick.
B00416BXUU Great Sneakers These are very comfortable sneakers.  I had to order a half size bigger than I normally would though... Very cute style.
B0041D8KDQ Good The size is too small.I was expecting something bigger.Well, my falt, since the dimensions were there.Regards,Jair
B0042AN2K4 Love them I got these a while ago and I'm very happy. they look great, and are comfortable. However if you plan on ordering them, and you're American, or perhapsfrom some other country in the Americas, be prepared to order it a size larger than what you normally wear. I love Puma's ingeneral but I always end up having to do that. I generally wear a size 12 on most brands but here i order a size 13.Setting that aside you wont regret getting these shoes. I might just get another pair just because i like them that much.
B0042AN4C0 comfy cool Great shoes. Comfortable and cool style. Like most Puma shoes they run a size small. Order one size bigger than usual.
B0042AN4C0 Good looking shoes. I usually wear a size 10, but ordered a half a size larger based on complaints about them running small. I have a normal width foot so I only went a half a size larger. These shoes do fit pretty narrow as they were designed to be a driving shoe.
B0042ANAQA Size Info. I got these in size 10.5 (almost impossible on sale) and for those of you who wear a 10W and find that "normal" 10.5 are too long, these are just right.  They are a bit short for a true 10.5 so the additional width makes them work.  Overall, the finish and materials are great, once you get past a German shoe being made in Vietnam.
B0042ANF6K 2ndtimer bought these for my husband because they looked nice.  He loves them, however he says they are a bit tight at the toes.  He ordered a half size up from his shoe size so be careful! Good quality as well.
B0042ANHUE Size runs a little small These shoes seem to fit like an 11.5 instead of a 12 and there is no arch support for a medium to high arch nor is there room for an orthotic to correct this problem. The quality is better than average and the sole grips very well on most surfaces. I wish I had purchased a 13 but the largest size offered was the 12.
B0042ANKT2 puma sleeping bag sneakers This is very good and comfortable sneakers, but fits small... If your size is 8, more likely you have to get size 8.5 or even 9... No one tells you this, but on Nordstrom site you can find a review about this product..Shipping was fast, even with standard rate.
B0042ANR18 too small this shoe was too small the color wasn't the same i don't recommend to any one to touch it it was awful nooo way
B0042ANRS6 Really nice but runs small so beware Very comfortable. I usually wear a size smaller but Puma tends to run small so I had to get the larger size.
B00439GBOS Great shoes by puma Another terrific pair of shoes by Puma.  Great for cross-training and very comfortable.  These tend to run a little small so select a size 1/2 larger than usual.  I went for a 12 rather than my normal 11 1/2.  Otherwise, all around great shoes at a fantastic price.
B00439GBOS size way too small than standatd The shoe is awesome but the size is not standard.I night a size 10. Normally I wear a 9.Even after fencing the insole it hits my toenail.Considering to sell it on Craigslist.
B00439GBOS Cool shoes. I like em!! Great shoes! They look cooler on the picture, but when I got them I still liked them. Worth the money. It's just I got little bit confused when I had to choose a size, because I have addidas size 9 and they feel the same way as puma size 9.5. Be careful before buying those.
B00439GCEM Great shoes! but sizing runs very big! I usually wear an 8 1/2 shoe size, but wore a 7 1/2 in these shoes.  Had to return twice, but returns/exchange program is very efficient.
B00439GCEM Good product Great item, I ordered a half size up from my regular size and I am glad that I did. Very comfortable shoe.
B00439GCEM Great for everyday use These are similar to other Pumas I've bought for my daughter. The suede makes them stylish enough to wear with just about everything, and her old ones have been her go-to shoes for trips. Her older ones have held up very well, so we hope these will be durable as well. Definitely order a half-size larger than usual.
B00439GCEM Runs slightly small They are a nice looking pair of shoes. They are lightweight and give good support. They do run slightly small.
B00439GCEM ;-( For some reason they are too small, size is different than it supposed to be. I bought puma shoes before and it was size 8 right know i buy 8.5 and they are too small. Quality ok but sizing is different than in a store.
B00439GCEM Great shoe if you keep it tight I love these shoes, and found them through a recommendation on myList on Facebook. I have been wearing them for awhile now, and they are really comfortable. Get a half size bigger if you are unsure, they tend to run small in some styles.
B00439GCEM Nice shoes but they run big These shoes are quite comfortable, but they run big. I am size 8 and ordered them in 8.5, as some ladies indicated in their reviews that they run small. For me, it was quite the opposite. I returned the shoes and ordered half a size smaller. Hopefully they will fit. The soles are slightly raised in the middle which gives them a slightly different feel. The heel feels a bit too low for me. Overall, nice looking shoes, but order them in your size, as they run big.
B00439GCEM True to size Loved it! I bought the black, now I want the grey, I love swede! It is true to the size, very confortable.
B00439GCEM cute black athletic shoe I normally wear a size 10 but know that Puma's run small, so opted to get a half size bigger. Glad I did- they fit perfectly.
B00439GCEM Great but order 1/2 size up Shoes are great. They look even better in person.  But order a half size up. They run small.  I will be returning these and getting a bigger size.
B00439GCEM it is small I requested size US 8, should be size 39, I got size US but the size is 38.50it is small for me.
B00439GCEM A little small I usually wear size 6, for this item 6 is too small i had to find size 7 in another site
B00439GCEM No small feat.. This is my third time buying these shoes, there's that great.  One pair wore out, the other my dog got a hold of.  But!  I wear a size 11 and these shoes make my feet look small.  Plus they're cute! Would recommend.
B00439GCEM Size I replacing a grey pair I have and ordered the same size but these were a little larger.  I bought the others in a store so was able to try.
B00439GCEM Light on the Feet / Sharp Looking Sneakers look great and are very light on the feet. The size ran larger than I expected. I'm often a 7 1/2 in sneakers, but the 7 is a little big but not too big.
B00439GCEM I like it but runs small It is an absolutly good quality sneaker but runs small, I use size 8 in every shoes but this runs like 0.5 size smaller.Maybe this is not a problem when talking about other kind of shoes, but we use to wear sneaker with socks so... 0.5 size less really cares.
B00439GCEM 1st pair of Puma's for me...definitely not the last! Ordered these shoes 1/2 size larger, as I tried them on in the store and my size was tight.  Now they're a little roomy, but very comfortable.  I wear them all day on a jobsite with lots of walking, after a week they're already molding to my feet, love them!
B00439GCEM size down sent these back for a smaller size.  great shoes and wonderful quality, as puma usually is.  the laces are unlike what you are used to and can come untied if you aren't following through when you tie em up the first time.
B00439GCEM Weird fit & uncomfortable. Ordered size 7, was too small and exchanged to 7 1/2 and was too big.I ordered (my regular size 7) shoes/sneakers by "gotta flurt" that i never heard of before fits perfect. I FREAKIN LOVE IT.What's up with that? PUMA, u disappoint me.
B00439GCEM Wonderful I really love these shoes. I usually run a size 7.5 I'm women's, but I run a size 7 in dance shoes and these shoes for great. Very comfortable. And they were delivered on time.
B00439GCEM MMmmm... It wasn't what I expected ... It is a little to big for my feet , and I order 'em half size small . For the purpose I get them which is running, they are good, very light ,comfortable .  But NOT for a walk with these tennis shoes, they are terrible and you will feel like a ballerina, unless you are one this is just fine.
B00439GCEM Bigger than expected I ordered my normal size however should have gone a half size smaller.  I wore then around the house to see if it was just me and maybe I needed to get adjusted to them. I wore them for 20 mins and the toe area scuffs up really easily.
B00439GCEM Luv them Love them perfect size great color very good ill be buying more as long as they keep caring my size.
B00439GCEM ok shoe comfy shoe besides other reviews saying it ran small, so I got half a size bigger. well they are half a size to big.
B00439GCEM Not to Size Love the Shoe.  I usually take a size 11 in Puma.  Purchased a size 11 which were too big.  Returned for a size 10 which were too small.  Will keep checking for a 10.5.
B00439GCEM True to size I ordered 1/2 size up after reading reviews & could've gone w my regular size (same as running sneakers in other brands)... These fit true to size in my opinion. Really cute sneaker, I wear them with yoga pants or jeans almost every day. Wish the laces were elasticized to just slide on.
B0045EP77I Small for size, but adoraable I bought a size 4 of these for my 3 1/2 year old and they barely fit at all. She'll grow out of them soon. Having said that, they are adorable on.
B004DKQY0I careful re size Great shoe; but as others have noted, "size matters".Have worn size 10,forever, but ordered a 9 1/2, per review advice. They delivered a 10, and it's too small! Probably should not have ordered a shoe like this, that has to fit just right, without trying fit first.My bad....
B004DKQY0I They're Great but too big I ordered my regular size & they're huge! What makes it worse is that there's no printer in my area is I can't print out the return labels. I'm so dissapointed. I should've picked a smaller size.
B004DKQY0I good overall When i first got these in the mail my first impression was, Wow they are sharpe looking! The look of these spikes have every aspect that i was looking for. So I give the look 5 stars without a dought. The comfort was great, just the right amount of cushion. The only downside was the sizing. In sneakers i wear a 13, so thats what size i Got these in, well i ended up returning them to get a size 12, 13 was too big. So they do run a size big and as a track runner you want them to fit just right.
B004DKUABW Nice shoes The puma shoes are beautiful, love the color.  The material is more than expect it.  Excellent material and resistant to weather changes.  It fit somewhat small so I recommend that choose a one bigger size.  Even this, there are comfortable.
B004DPKEJA Puma Golf's men The shirt is very nice good quality materials and stitching, the only slight downside is that the size of this store are great. For example I bought I measure 1.65cm in size S was too big and I like size M. Outside this small detail all excellent
B004EWFKOQ o.k. Product I returned it because it was to big for my son. the waist is not adjustable. So the size that I ordered did not work.
B004FV5KSC big There's really not anything wrong with these track besides that they fit a size bigger I got a small and they fit like a medium, other than that good pants
B004GB0RZM Buy a size up! When these came in I was so excited because they look AWESOME and I was really hoping to improve my jumps with them; however, when I tried them on they were much too small for me. I'm going to reorder the next half size.
B004GB0SNS Very nice looking, but no ventilation These shoes are one of the more comfortable pairs of shoes i own.The other reviews are right, it runs about a 1/2 size small.This fits very snug. Still working on breaking them in.They are a little "pointy-er" than the pictures show, but i can deal with that.They are very "low profile" (black ankle socks recommended).I LOVE that there are No Laces and No Tongue! ^_^
B004GB0TMI More sizes, please I want to know if the PUMA Tazon 4 cross trainer in white/silver/blue aster is available in size 12 from your site.  I have been tantalized for several days and want to order it--in size 12.  For now, only size 10 is offered.
B004GB0U6S Oh, darn! I really like this shoe- it's good-looking and lightweight. Although size 10 Pumas ordinarily fit me, these were snug so I returned them and ordered size 10 1/2. Unfortunately, they are still too small, my big toe is painfully crowded, but as I wore them all day the day they arrived, can't return them and only hope they will stretch. So be aware: this shoe runs one full size small. Order up one full size to be on the safe side. But they're so nice-looking that I can forgive them!
B004GB0V3A fun shoes I LOVE my Pumas.  The only problem I have is the soles.  They have little numbs that grab and hold everything.  I always get pebbles stuck in there.  One time I carried a rubber band around for a while.  Sometimes the laces get pulled in there and they snag.  But other than the bottoms everything about them is good.  They run small.  So order at least a size bigger than you would usually get in any other brand.
B004GB0V3A nice shoes These shoes look great. I bought them in the size that I wear all of my shoes. The problem is that they are indeed a little small when I wear them with regular socks. I have to wear thin socks with them for them to fit right. If ordering online, I would recommend either getting a half size larger or even going to the store to try on some Pumas to get the right size before you buy.***EDIT: Almost a year and a half after buying these and wearing them to work 4 days a week, I finally threw them away.  They made my feet hurt and my foot wouldn't even stay on the shoe, it would slide off to the side because they are so narrow.  Bad support.
B004GB0WFC Very Small fit! I normally wear a size 7 or 7 1/2. I bought these shoes in a 7 1/2 just in case they were a bit tight. These are a very small fitting shoe, I should have got an 8, they are much smaller than standard fitting shoes. I doubt they will stretch because they are a syntheic material. I recommend going one size up if you are going to purchase this item.
B004GB0WFC So small and narrow! Pumas definitely run small!  I wear an 8.5 but have to order at least a 9.5 for all Pumas, and those are a little snug in spots.  These particular shoes are not only small but narrow throughout and they don't stretch at all.  They are comfortable and durable otherwise but they make my toes hurt because they're too small so I'm getting a larger size.
B004GB0X8S wrong size on shoe right size on box I love these shoes so much. The only problem was they gave me the wrong size. O ordered a 9 and the box said it was a 9 but the shoes said 8 1/2 which isn't really a big deal cuz they still fit comfortably.
B004GB0XVA PUMA replicat III S This shoe is awesome! If you have long toes or wide feet I suggest ordering one size up! not half size up one whole size up. Lucky for me I didn't have to...at first shoe will feel snug, but after they are broken in you will LOVE them and they make any foot look chic! I have these short stubby small feet and the way they look with these on is great!
B004GB0ZW2 When they say 'BASIC', they are not kidding. I have purchased around 4 pairs of PUMA brand shoes in the past, and practically all of them have been wonderfully comfortable, until now. The PUMA Street LO NM Basic Sneaker is simply not comfortable. The shoe sole feels awfully thin. It feels like my feet are actually touching the ground. The tongue digs into my ankle when I walk, and leaves a mark, and my pinky toe rubs the side of the shoe. This may have been my fault for not purchasing a larger size. I had believed that since I had the same size PUMA shoes at home that these would be the same. These shoes run a bit small.Pros:Look greatProven PUMA qualityCons:Thin shoe soleShoe tongue digs into ankleShoe rubs on pinky toeA bit on the expensive side for a pair of sneakers (paying for the name on the shoe, basically)Summary:If you plan on purchasing these, order half a size up from your normal size, they seem to run small. I would also suggest investing in a pair of shoe inserts or extra cushioning. They are comfortable on their own, but with a person like me that is on their feet all day, you will want the extra cushioning.
B004GB0ZW2 Great Shoe but Fit Small The shoes looked great coming out of the box. Seemed to be a high quality product for the price. They did have one downfall. The size 14 I had ordered were more like a size 12. Sold the shoes to my brother who ironically wears a size 12 shoe. I would recommend them for quality but order a size larger than needed.
B004GB10LC Run small It is comfortable but run small. I usually buy a 7.5 and fits good but this one its to tight, I have to returned it.
B004GB11H0 Puma Drift Cat III L Sneaker I ordered this shoe first in a size 61/2 which is my size.  The shoe was huge!  It is a wide width, but that is what I wanted.  The width did not affect the length of the shoe.  I reordered a size 6 and when it arrived, it was BIGGER than the 61/2.  I returned both pair.  The delivery was fine and Amazon worked with me on not charging me to return the 2nd pair.  I could not even begin to guess how big this shoe runs, but if you order this cute sneaker be sure you wear a wide width and order at least a full size smaller.
B004GB11H0 GREAT, DURABLE, VALUE FOR MONEY!!! These are amazing and comfortable shoes. I would recommend these but the same precaution try to buy one size bigger than your accutal size and they will fit perfect. If you want broad toe then order one size big but in D category whoch means they are for broad toe. they look really good. I am planning to buy another one in same model.GREAT WORK PUMA!!!
B004GB11O8 I feel uncomfort wearing this,This is a bit small. cool shoes ,nice color but it is small.I cannot even gift it to anybody as i dont know anyone with that size.
B004GB11O8 Looks good, but not very comfortable I'm normally an 11.5, but the size 12 Puma is a very snug fit on my feet. I'd strongly suggest ordering at least a half size up from what you normally wear to account for this snugness. The shoes themselves look great, but they're sorely lacking in the comfort department. If you're on your feet walking around for more than 2 hours in these shoes you'll start to wish you had some running sneakers with support or Nike Air type cushioning.
B004GB11O8 These run small You have to order a larger size than normal.
B004GB11O8 Nice Shoes My son really liked these shoes in the store but couldn't find them in a size big enough (14), so we ordered them online and got exactly what we expected at a good price.  He wears size 14 in Nikes also so the sizing is comparable.
B004GB11O8 Size incorrect in this size box labeled 9.5 but this 9.0 shoes, the shoes es spectacular but disappointed with the incorrect size.
B004GB11O8 Not all Puma's Fit the Same I have a pair of Puma's that are size 13, however I am a 12 in these. Unfortunately I couldn't exchange these and get another size for the discounted price. So better luck next time.
B004GB11Z2 Buyer beware, size runs way small. Shoe way too small.  Product undersized from what was represented on line.  I returned them and will not purchase again.
B004GB1242 This sneaker is extremely comfortable wearing. but it runs small looks like it runs about a half inch too small....and if you decide to wash them, they will shrink...i recomend a half size bigger, your feet will thank you... i own this one in 9 1/2 and 3 others in size 10.
B004GB1242 Very cool and comfortable. Shoes look and feel great.  Took a half size larger after reading another review and glad i did.  Don't know what it is with Puma's and Adidas sizing being a half size smaller than everyone else.  In any event, the color is exactly as pictured and perfect for cross-training wear.
B004GB1242 Love these shoes.... These shoes are so lightweight and comfortable, I love these shoe! My only complaint would be that the color selection is great, but most of them are not available in my size.  Speaking of size.... I had read several reviews on these shoes along with other similar style Pumas, and a common theme was that the can run a1 /2-1 size smaller. So I finally decided to go with the full size larger than the normal 11 I wear. I think that a  1/2 size bigger would've done the trick but the 12's are not too big. Would definitely recommend these shoes to a friend
B004GB1242 My puma addiction Great style. Runs a half size bigger than previous styles. Loving them so far.The mesh-like material is cooler than what I'm used to with suede pumas but still a great fit
B004GB1242 Grat retro shoe and true to size When ordering the Whirlwinds online, I was skeptical on what size to order after reading that Puma shoes tend to run small.  I ordered a pair in my normal size of 9 mens, and luckily for me, they fit really well. The Whirlwinds do run a bit on the narrow-ish side, but I would say that this model does run true to size.  Overall it's a great looking Retro shoe, lightweight and looks good worn casually with a pair of jeans or khakis. Cheers
B004GB1242 I almost cancelled the order... But so glad I didnt.  I thought I had the wrong size ordered but let them get delivered anyway.  I usually wear an 11.5 wide and these are an 11.5 medium and these are still, hands down the most comfortable shoe I've ever put on.  I will be buying more in other colors soon.  Great buy.
B004GB1242 Buy a size larger Shoes are good quality but they are sized too small.  Buy a size larger if you want to be comfortable.  Mine will make a nice donation.
B004GB12ME Awful. Why plastic? WHY, PUMA? I had to return these, sadly. The size marked is way too small, and I ordered in a size 12, thinking it would be true to size. I normally wear a 12. You need a 13 if you are going to buy these, because they are SYNTHETIC. Synthetic (plastic)  materials, unlike the leather they have replaced, do not stretch. They don't last, either. I would only buy these again if I could find them in leather.
B004GB14HM Good Looking, but... This is a really great looking shoe, but it runs a bit small. May want to order a half-size larger or order REALLY thin socks.
B004GB14HM Great but wrong size I ordered 9.5 size, but sent me a 11 one, i couldn't return it and gave it to my cousin, and he loves it, really good stuff
B004GB14HM Great shoes I just bought these and they are just comfortable and great-looking shoes! The size is just a little bit small. I'm currently a size 13 1/2 and I bought 14 and they fit perfectly! They hold to the court when playing sala! Totally recomend them!
B004GB19WW Puma Men's Tech MA Fashion Sneakers Very nice shoes, stylish with mostly leather uppers, great Amazon pricing.  I read reviews and noted most said that their shoes were to tight so to order larger then your usual.  I took this advice and ordered the shoes 1/2 size larger than I usually would, they are snug to say the least but not bad, and after breaking in I'm sure that the 1/2 size larger then normal will be very adequate.  I'm more than pleased with Amazon purchase so far.
B004GB19WW It's true that shoes are smaller than we expect Today I've received my Puma Tech MA. I sized them and found out that they're very tight. I recommend you order Puma shoes little bit bigger than your size (for example I've gotten 6,5 size, which is my usual size, but in this case 7 or 7,5 would be ok.Shoes are very beatiful, I like their design.
B004GB19WW These are indeed a full size smaller My tens were too tight to squeeze my 9.5 foot into, so I took a tape measure to the interiors and they measure out to be what the sizing chart says should be a size 9.I've had Pumas run small before, but these are rather extreme. Beautiful shoe. Order 1 size up.
B004GB19WW Get a half size larger Good shoe and as I wanted but these do run small.  I recommend buying a half size larger.  Unfortunately, I don't see a half size larger for myself and will just have to live with it.  Puma should also swap the positions of the velco.
B004GB19WW sizing upon recieving my puma shoes(as i am accustomed ordering from amazon)my shoe size was corrrect. I tried it on and it fitted like a 10.5 and i looked at my order to verify and the order and shoes was correct sizing. apparently this shoes is smaller internally so it would seem that a normal pair of 11.5US fits like a 10.5US. I found this to be very discomforting. this was not my first shoe order from amazon because i ordered shoes before 11.5US puma and they fitted excellent. so just a reminder to those interested in buying these shoes.....orde a size bigger than what u normally wear for this individual brand(PUMA)....All in all the shoes are very cool but unforunately i will never be able to see them on my feet
B004GB1A8U Great shoes Great puma's especially for the price! Love saving money, plan on buying a half size bigger, they run a bit small.
B004GB1A8U Sweet!!! She loves them! Enough said!PS: They seem to run about a half size largeHope that helps...
B004GB1CXI cool These are very comfortable street shoes. I would recommend ordering a half size larger, but I still like them. thanks.
B004GB1O54 Run small like all puma items These are cute and comfy. I love them and wear whenever I get a chance. Watch the sizing these run small but I'm not surprised by that cause ALL puma items run small.
B004GEATZ2 Too tight Though my son wears a size 12, those shoes are too tight and uncomfortable looks great but too small for him.
B004GEATZ2 runs small These ran pretty small.  My son is in a toddler 9 and these were almost too small when we got them.
B004GEAW8G Love Pumas My son has narrow,flat feet, so he gets a pair of PUMA sneakers every year.  They last pretty much all through the school year with some track fading for him.  I just got these in the mail, and the fit is always the same for him everytime.  If you have NEVER bought PUMAS before, then I highly recommend that you try them on in the mall first to see if your foot fits them.  They run a whole size SMALLer.  Everytime I order PUMAs online, I order one size up from my son's normal size and we have had no problems or complaints that his feet hurt with the PUMA fashion sneaker styles.I have read other reviews that PUMAs fall apart easily, but I have not had that experience with PUMA.
B004GEAXRQ LOVE My 2 year old loves his 'cat' sneakers!  And, I love the way they look -- sooo cute!  I ordered a size 6 for him about 2 months ago and now I'm on the hunt to replace them -- as well as the size 5 DC's and Nike's that he's still wearing; so, in my opinion these shoes run a little small.
B004GEB27G to cute! i bought these for myself. i love them. they however run big. i ordered a size 6 1/2 and they are way to big. i wish i could wear these because they are really pretty. i may exchange them for a smaller size and if so i'l update and tell how the quality is.
B004GNQIOE A WARNING about the size! These shoes are great! They are certainly built with quality and are comfortable. The only thing is that they are a bit on the snug side although after wearing them for some time they have loosened up but make sure to get possibly get one size bigger if you are unsure.
B004GNQIOE Nice but small I ordered a half size larger based on previous reviews but they're still a little small, I'd recommend a full size larger if your feet are a little wide.
B004GNQIOE Good shoe...Too small I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased these shoes because they are almost a full size too small.  The shoe its self is very nice tho and the shipping was fast.  I ordered these and another pair of Puma and they were both too small.  I intended on using these pair as a daily walk around shoe and the others for running.  I cant run in a shoe that is too small so they had to go back but I decided that I would leave the laces loose on these pair and try them out.  Ive had them for about a year now and they have held up well.  They really are a good shoe if you order at least a half size larger than you normally wear.
B004I6C730 Great shoes! I read reviews that they ran small so  I order a larger size  than I usually take and they fit great!  Very pleased.
B004IETKWS Awesome cleats Lightweight shoe and my son says has good padding eventhough it is very light. My 11 year old son is a little under a size 7.  Which is where mens sizes start.  Size 7.5 fits him good with breathing room for the toe.  Size 8 was too big which i ordered first and then had to return.  Happy with this puma, especially at this price.
B004IETKWS Size runs too small I'm a long time Amazon shopper, and this is my first review. Basically I don't want anyone to make the same mistake I did. These shoes run too small and seem to have the same issues as the Finale II TT Soccer Cleat (See: http://www.amazon.com/Puma-Esito-Finale-Soccer-Cleat/product-reviews/B004IETLOA/ref=dp_top_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints;=1)I ordered a size 9.5 and they fit more like a 8.5. There are no free returns for the wrong size, so be sure to order a larger size if you use Amazon.
B004IETKWS true size The comments are some what contradictory creating a doubt as to the quality and true size would like to buy. Please inform my size 7.5. Should I purchase 7.5 or 8.5.
B004IETLOA Using bad reviews to buy a great product. I'm no different then anyone else when buying a product from Amazon. I search for the specific brand or style I want and above all, I look at the product reviews. Often times, if you're paying attention, you can find a hidden gem; like these Puma cleats. If you read most of the reviews for these shoes you can't help but notice that most of the negativity has nothing to do with the shoes actual durability and comfortness?, no comfortability?, whatever, you know what I'm trying to say. What the reviews mention most is sizing issues. Now, I know how much it sucks to buy something online only to discover upon delivery that it doesn't fit. Trying to exchange or return it is usually not worth the hassle. But the misfortune of others doesn't have to be your own. Having read the reviews, and adjusted the size I ordered these shoes in, helped get me an awsome pair of cleats. They look great, took no breaking in, and the rugged soles grip the artificial turf like glue, but most importantly, I can wear thick soccer socks without my toes being cramped at all. I guess what I'm trying to say is be smart about your sizing, adjust accordingly, and buy this great cleat.(BTW, I forgot to mention. I usually wear size 9 1/2 to 10, so I bought these Puma cleats in a size 11. Hope this helps.)
B004IETLOA Zising way off I'm  11.5 and I ordered that size and they did not fit me, a friend of mine that wear 10.5 tried them and they fit him good, that's mean that they said a size and it is a full complete down. Waste my money!!
B004IETLOA Wrong size The shoes are OK, but I couldn't use them because it wasn't my size.I ordered 8 but feels like 7, first time I have this problem with puma shoes.
B004IETLOA Very small size Buy these shoes and the information of the size is incorrect, my foot measures 11 inches  toe to heel I ordered a 11.5, got a 11.5, and could barely squeeze my 11 sized foot into it.I was very disappointed
B004IETLOA Very Comfortable.....Ordered 1 Size Larger I am very happy with my soccer shoe purchase.  I read the other reviews carefully before buying and therefore chose one size larger than I normally would.  The shoes fit perfectly.  I'm very pleased.
B004IETLOA Sizing WAY off!! I really like the style, look and feel of this shoe.  I ordered a 10.5, got a 10.5, and could barely squeeze my 10.5 sized foot into it.  They run extremely small.  A friend, who wears a 9.5, tried them on and said they were still a little too tight for him.  Another friend, who wears a 9, said they are a tad big but wearable for him so he got himself a free pair of kicks.  They were over a full size off!  And unfortunatley, with Amazon there is no paid shipping for returns with size issues.  That is considered customer error.  I would rather gift them to a friend then lose money returning them to Amazon.  I'm still a fan of Puma shoes, but will never order another pair online without sizing them in real life first.
B004IETLOA too small!! these shoes seem OK, at first i though maybe they are fake pumas but they seem legit, however, the size is a full size too small, i returned them and am now waiting for the larger size.
B004IPYRLG Nice looking and fitting shoe I was concerned after reading reviews that they would not fit.  But I didn't have a problem at all.  I wear size 11 so that's what I ordered.  They fit great and look really cute on.  Couldn't beat the price.
B004IZLG74 Fits as expected Wear 35 to 36 in jeans, bought a Large in these and they fit well.  They do feel to run a hair on the large size, so if you are in between  sizes, get the smaller ones.  Otherwise get the size you normally would.
B004J4X4TW As expected The shoes where as expected. I love the colors, they definitely make you stand out. I personally do not use them for sports (just casual use) so I cannot comment on wear and tear. What I can say is that because of the style they are narrow on the front so you might one to select them half a size bigger than your usual size, or maybe an entire size. I am normally 12 and decided to go for 12 shoes and the first two days I did feel them a bit narrow on the front, but because they are sport shoes it's just a matter of the shoe being brand new. Now they fit perfectly and the back side of the shoe feels very comfortable as oppose to some other shoes. So if up to you if you want them an extra size or not, but they are definitely worth the price ($45) bucks.
B004J4X4TW nice and good price These were snug when I first tried them on, but I ordered them a half size smaller than my casual shoes assuming they will stretch to conform to my foot.  I played once with them and they are very comfy and I was able to run extra fast in them... :-)
B004J4X4Z6 i need a size 8 us it is very large size was mistakenly i need a size 8 us i need please you change this size for un 8 us  thanks
B004J4X4Z6 look cool, but came too small I ordered a 10.5 size cleat because that is the size I normally wear on shoes, but the cleat didn't fit me at all.  I had to return the shoes and purchase this same set of cleats (size 11) at a local sporting store.  As I run and make sharp turns, I feel like my ankle is going to roll over.  Also, no matter how tight I tie the shoe laces, they seem to always get loose...I'm not sure if the two issues are related, but it's pretty annoying.  I'm hoping that as I break them in, these problems will go away.  One things for sure though...they look pretty cool.
B004J4X4Z6 Too small I got a size 12 pair of these (all my other shoes are size 12) and they were too small. I thought it would just be a matter of breaking them in, but after using them a few times, I vowed I would never wear them again. I pretty much destroyed my toes the last time I used them, like someone took a hammer to each one of my toenails. So, nothing wrong with the cleats, except they were too small. Actually, considering that I had to jam my foot to get it in there, I'd actually say these have a very durable build. They held up very nicely against my foot. So, good shoe, just lean towards a bigger size than you might normally get. I think I might order a size 13 and see how they feel.
B004J4XHMQ Great I love these Pumas.  I have the grey with teal.  They are very breathable, great for summer.  I ordered these half a size larger, like all Pumas I buy.
B004J4XJ9C Okay In the past, I have always found Puma to run half size too small.  I typically order a 9, even though I am an 8.5.  I ordered the 8.5, because I didn't know what to expect with a ballet flat and didn't want them sloppy.  But, they were just snug enough to be uncomfortable.  I was hoping they would stretch a bit however the front part of the shoe is a plastic material that was unwilling to give at all.  I ended up taking out the insert of the inside of the shoe and now they fit great.
B004J4XJBK Wonderful shoes! I have been wanting these shoes, but was hesitate from the other reviews that I have read about the sizing issue. I took the reviewers advice an ordered a larger size, and they fit great! I usually wear a 8 to an 8 1/2 depending on how the shoe is made. So, I ordered a 9, and they fit great and are very comfortable. I would recommend these shoes, but do order a bigger size. Puma's seem to run very small.
B004J4XJBK Cute shoes ... WAY too small! I always wear size 8 PUMAs but these feel like 6.5! I had to pay $15.00 to send them back for the correct size.
B004J4XJBK love the look I bought these shoes but sadly had to return them.  I ALWAYS wear a size 10, but found these seemed AT LEAST one size too small so I had to return them and ate the $9.00 in shipping.  I really love the way they look and thought that, had they fit right, I would have loved the way they felt.  They are very unique which is partly why I want them so badly but I am hesitant to purchase them in a bigger size. Not sure if my situation was a fluke and others found them to fit true to size but I don't want to waste more money.
B004J4XNCU Made small these are okay for the price, made very small, order a size larger. I would look for a better pair of shoes even if i had to pay a higher price.
B004J4XNNO Great! Great and useful puma shoes , comfortable, run small im size 9 and I got a 9.5. I recommend it.
B004J4XNNO Ready for Italy I was looking for a pair of shoes that are comfortable and cute that I can wear to Italy for a 2 week vacation.  These are great.  They feel like tennis shoes but look dressy.  I listened to the other comments and ordered a half size up and they fit perfect.  This was great advise from other reviewers and I wanted to say thanks because that really helped me.  I hope this review helps someone else find the right shoe and right size.
B004J4XNNO received the worng size I don't know why you sand to me 5 US if i request 6.5. How can i do to get back the puma shoes to change to the real size.
B004J4XNNO great shoe Comfy, runs a bit small. I ordered half size larger & it fits great for a wide foot. Light weight, good travel & Everyday she
B004J4XNNO Buy a half size smaller than regular shoe size I had to return the original size 6. they were way too big. 5.5 fit perfectly, and their very comfortable as an everyday flat ballet shoe.Love em!
B004J4XNNO Extremely Comfortable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was skeptical at first to purchase this item after reading several reviews on it.  Contrary to what I read, I guess it depends on each person's foot size and shape.  I could see why some reviewers thought it was tight at the front.  If you usually wear wide width then this shoe is not for you.  The size was perfect.
B004J4XNNO Use care in ordering due to size. Need to return. Too small.nice shoe but smaller than others of same size.good packaging and quality.  Looks perfect of it fit.
B004J4XNNO so comfy, but runs a little small I wear a 7.5 in almost everything, but these 7.5 were short.  I had a pair of these previously (I guess an 8 - the size isn't visible anymore) and wore them out because they were so comfy and so versatile - goes casual with jeans and pretty much any top you like, whether more toward going out or going to the sidelines.  Highly recommend, but size up if in doubt.
B004J4XNNO too tight Oh, I wanted to keep these.  So pretty, so cute.  But too small.  Even though a 10 1/2 should fit me and certainly a size 11, these were too small in size 11.
B004J4XPMI Runs a little small but they look great! I always go on the converse "chuck" sneakers as my way of sizing and I need to learn my lesson! this shoe touches my big toe up the front when in chucks, the same size, gives me a little room. So I would order a half size bigger since Amazon won't do an exchange and cost to return them. Otherwise I love these sneakers, they are comfy, cute and have nice fatty laces
B004J4XRJ4 wrong size when i order the pumas i ask for a size 8 and half . i got a size 16 not the size i ask for.
B004J4XSAW Great fit! The measuring devise says 12 so I bought a 12 and 12 is what I got. It's winter so I&#8217;m wearing thicker socks so my next pair will be .5-1 size bigger.Great stability, size, and weight.
B004J4XT4C fit is small awesome styling but my size 9 ran small in width and length so I returned
B004JF5R1Y Chic and cool, but run a size smaller These shoes are uber chic, sleek, and cool for toddlers.  The only issue is that they run a full size smaller.  My daughter is a 9 and we couldn't put the shoe all the way on.  I'm exchanging them for a larger size.  Order up a size and you won't be disappointed.
B004JF5T3K Run small Awesome shoes except I had to exchange them for a size bigger since they run a bit small. Very comfortable shoes  though.
B004JF5T3K Even cuter in person I purchased these shoes for my 3 year old daughter.  They run small, I originally purchased a size 9 because my daughter's size 8 shoes were getting snug, but they were too tight, so I ordered them in a size 10.  They are a little big, but there are no half sizes so she will have to grow into them.  The shoes are much cuter in person.  They are soft and flexible so they are comfortable for her.  She is able to put them on herself as well which is important.  They have held up well so far.
B004K00GLE Good quality but too small basically I couldn&#8217;t use it, it doesn't have the right standard size, you better ask for one size bigger than you usually use.
B004K00GLE Correct size and very comfortable. Great price too! After reading all the reviews i was a little nervous about the size. However my regular size is a 12 and the 12 in these seemed to fit perfect. These are soccer shoes and will tend to be 'slightly' tight from the toes becasue they are supposed to narrow from the front. Cant wear loose shoes for soccer. I really liked the feel, very comfortable and overall great price!
B004K00GLE Great fit but better looks on my feet. The shoes size seems a bit smaller than other brand that's why I bought 10 1/2 for the size 10 that I need. It's not only fit well but look better on my feet. It depends on your level of skill but for sure this has the promise of many goals.
B004K00GLE Fit well and so far so good I'm a newly minted U6 soccer coach and bought these so I wouldn't fall on my rear (or any of the kids) as I run around the field with them.  You can't just tell a bunch of 4 and 5 year olds to do some drills, you have to do them too.  I honestly don't notice when I have them on, so I'll say that's a very good thing.  I'm obviously not running in them for an hour for a full soccer match, but still moving around.  No blisters or anything.  They seem well made and will suit me just fine for coaching.  I don't anticipate having to buy another pair.Other thoughts: I almost didn't buy these because another reviewer complained about the size 14 being small on their size 13 feet.  I wear a size 14 shoe in everything from running shoes (Nike, Brooks, NB) to sandals (birkenstock, teva, cheap flip flops) and these fit me perfectly.  I wonder if there was a manufacturing issue where perhaps some shoes were mislabeled. No problems with sizing on these.  I'm glad I got them.
B004K00GLE Very nice shoes just what I'm looking for It's a very nice shoes for the porpuse that I'm buying it for. The only reason I took out one star is because it's seems a 1/2 size smaller than what I wanted it for. I need a size 10 1/2 size and this one seems just 10 compared to other brand.
B004K00GLE Size doesn't fit I went to sports authority and checked my foot size properly, before  ordering online and I was surprised that its still 1/2&#34; smaller. Its tight on my foot and not at all comfortable when playing. I specifically took precaution by knowing the foot size that fits me before ordering to avoid such problems, yet this happened.
B004K00GLE Quality Shoe Great Shoe for your Money.  It was smaller than my usual size 13 shoes, but it expanded to my size in time.  The reason for four stars is because it was some what smaller that what I expected.  I suppose 13 D is smaller than normal size 13.
B004KP73OC I LOVE SHOES! great transaction and the shoes are awesome.  Puma's seem to run a bit smaller than other brands but I already knew that and ordered a 1/2 size up from my normal and they fit perfectly!
B004KP73OC great shoe! These shoes are amazingly comfortable!!  After reading some of the other reviews, I ordered them a half size bigger than I normally would.  They fit perfectly.  I can wear them for 8 hours at work (where I'm on my feet all day) and then straight to the gym for another hour.  At the end of the day, my feet don't hurt!  I would definitely recommend them!
B004KP73OC Great shoes Love the shoes. They are a smaller size 10 which was good for me. But someone else may want to get the half size up. I had a pair of these before. Super happy with my purchases
B004LC3UIW Great just one thing... These shoes as stated above are great. They look better than any golf shoe at my course. I get compliments on them all the time. The only thing is since they are not all leather, it will take a few rounds to break in the heel portion. If you have wide feet you may want to get a bigger size and wear a thicker sock. I like to wear very thin socks and got a size 13 which is my normal size. The first couple of rounds I developed a blister on my right heel because the canvas does not stretch like normal leather. About round 3 or 4 they were broken in. Just be prepared and do not take them out walking a course the first few times. Ride in a cart and then maybe you can walk a course in them. Again, they are amazing looking and do a great job.
B004MF8KW4 There good Part of it is my fault,i should of bought it one-half size up. I bought a 9 1/2 EE wide. I wear a 9 1/2 eee. When this happens i go a half size up. But to the review, they are very comprtable well worth the money.
B004PA21ZI Puma Cell Sorai Shoes I like Puma shoes and am pleased with this pair. The price was right, the service was easy, and the shipping was efficient. I normally take a 12 or 13 men's size; however, my experience is that Pumas run a bit small, so I ordered size 13, and the shoes fit very well. I ordered with confidence in amazon that, had the size been wrong, I could have had a prompt exchange or refund, but it was not necessary.
B004PPUT4S Run small Not a bad construction, leather is soft but they are running narrow and one size smaller. I own another pair of retro Nike kicks and they fit fine so I assume that sizing is wrong with this model.
B004QXE4EA These make my feet happy I love these shoes. The colors are just as vibrant as in the pictures and for less than $40 I figured I couldn't go wrong. These were a steal! However, I must say that the actual shoe is rather thin (but lightweight). I normally wear a men's size 12 and I would recommend buying a size down regarding these shoes.
B004RL9ZEU ok A well made shirt but it runs big. Just be aware of this when you order one - get a size smaller.
B004RLOXA6 Kind of disappointed... Ordered the shoes. They came quickly, but were too small and uncomfortable. I wear a size 9 and that is what I ordered, but these must run small.
B004S08HE4 nice quality I bought this for my 9 year old who is average to small in size. The medium should have fit but it is a little big on the waist and right length. He has a small waist so not surprised.
B004S08HE4 Way too big The Size was too big to my 9 years old....fit my 11 years old who is tall...you need to re check your size cart
B004S08OSI Love them!!!! I love them!  I was sick of dull coloured gym gear but these are fantastic.  I would have given them a 5, but just found them a bit bigger than what I thought they would be.  I am used to Australian sizing and am a size 8 - so I would suggest if you can, going for extra small.  I have ordered another colour in the extra small and should receive them soon!!!!!  I wear them to gym and they are particularly good for Zumba!
B004SGU4VM Purrrfect! Though it runs a bit small (as every Puma shoes I know, so I ordered 1 size bigger) it's perfect and fits snuggly his feet! Only good comments from everyone who sees them! They all want to buy the same for their kids! Fast shipping!
B004SH1Y10 size way smaller be aware of the size. I bought size 7, however, it is shorter than regular size 6!My sun had been wearing under armour size 6 for a year, after it got shorter, I bought Puma-kids boys pants, size 7, it is even shorter than size 6!
B004SKQTGW Held up well My daughter wore these shoes all last year for school and they held up very well. They do tend to run a little small so I ordered a  1/2 size bigger than she would normally wear.
B004SKQTGW Super Cute! I really love the shoes.  They are very stylish.  My ONLY complaint (and thus, the reason for only 4 stars) is that I think they run a little tight.  Therefore, the size we ordered (which is the size my son wears) is a bit snug on him, so he won't get to wear them as long as we'd hoped.  Since it was an online order, we couldn't have him try them on.  We also could not send them back for an exchange as we needed them sooner.
B004SUANZU Runs very small These seem well made, but even though I bought a half-size larger than what I usually wear, they're still too small.  Back they go.
B004SUANZU AA++ I ordered them to small and was able to exchange them for size Mens 11.5, they fit perfect, excellent sneaks,,,,,
B004SUANZU Nice shoe, a bit tight though. I really like the look of these shoes.  I love the material and the colors.  Only problem is they are a wee bit tight - so make sure you get at least a half to a full size larger.Still happy with my purchase!
B004SUANZU Comfortable shoe, but smaller than other shoes I had to return my first order because they were way too small.  I compared them to some of my other shoes and these are a full size shorter than my other shoes of the same size.  I ordered a size larger than my regular size and these fit fine.
B004SUANZU Nice shoes As all the other reviews said they do run small.  I ordered a half size bigger and they fit fine.  The suede looks really nice.
B004SUANZU Love the shoes...order a size bigger As many of the above comments suggest, you should get these in a size bigger than what you normally get. I had to send mine back and get a larger size.After that, there was no problem with them. I love these shoes. they are very comfortable and quite stylish. Goes great with a lot of things
B004SUANZU Pay attention to the size chart. I normally wear size 10, but decided to go with 10.5 because of other reviews. I looked at my other shoes for the EU size which is 44. This size corresponded with 10.5 US on the Puma mens size chart. Still yet they are a little tight due to the narrow toe box. However, they seem to be stretching in all the right places and just might end up fitting like a glove. We'll see. Oh, and they look great!
B004SUANZU Toebox too small for the Mens size the toebox is too small and narrow, would not purchase these again, will look at Nike
B004SUANZU Beautiful Kicks Bought these in grey/insignia blue. Beautiful, and I'll probably be back for other colors. For some reason, Puma's sneakers always seem to run a bit small for me. I'm ordinarily an 11, but bought these in 11.5 based on other reviews indicating that they run small, and also on previous experience with the brand. The 11.5s fit me perfectly, and they don't really look any bigger than my usual 11's (been an Adidas man forever)... Don't know if it's just Puma's way of doing things, or I have weird alien feet. Either way, they're very comfortable and look great with jeans or khakis.
B004SUANZU Great product, fast shipping The shoe is just great! I was worried when people said to order a size up from your normal size, but i ordered my normal size anyway and it was perfect. I'm not sure why others are saying to order up a size because if i had done that they would have been too big. I suggest that if you surely know your size, order that. Other than that the shipping was very fast, i got it the next day!!!
B004SUANZU buy about a  size bigger than your usual size . . . My 14-yr-old break/hip hop dancer boy loves these! Puma's run on the wider side (my child has fairly wide size 8 feet . . . buying shoes can be a nightmare), but Puma's run too small in the length (established fact of life). I read that one man said to go up an entire 1.5 sizes, so I did (knowing that my son's feet might still be growing). The 9.5 fits great, and he LOVES the silver swish/yellow laces! I like the quality. The shoe is lightweight and seems to work well for his advanced dance classes.
B004SUANZU Unusually too small the Pumas were a bit too small.  Strange, because other Pumas of this size have always fit me.  Maybe new factory. Exchanged for 1/2 size larger!
B004SUANZU True to Size These shoes look and feel great. They are true to size.  Just be sure you are purchasing a men's size if you are a male and a women's size if you are a female.  It's a little hard to differentiate the way Amazon lists them.
B004SUANZU The size is a bit small compared to my other shoes of the same size. I would like to exchange for a larger size.
B004SUANZU Too small This item was very tight. Ordered a replacement a full size larger because the original was so small. Bigger size was so large my boyfriend, who wears 3 sizes larger than me, could get his foot in it - though it was to tight for him to actually wear. I love these shoes, but am not willing to try replacing again. They are very nice quality and I am truly sad that I won't be wearing them.
B004SUANZU Snug fit It was recommended to go up a 1/2 size due to the possibility of a snug fit.I had purchased the 10.5 as I always do and they are somewhat small. However, due to the fact they are suede, I'm guessing they will stretch out and I'm not concerned.
B004SUANZU Does run smaller than true size First of all, I love these shoes.  I would basically compare them to the Adidas version of the Samba, except in suede. I had heard that the Liga tends to runs small, and I thought I would err on the safe side and order a half size up from my normal mens 9.  The 9 1/2's arrived and once tried on, I was glad I took the advice of some other Liga Buyers. I really think the 9 would have been too small. Puma buyers should also note that most Puma styles will run a little narrow, so if you have toasters for feet, Puma may not be the shoe for you. Anyhow, I bought the Navy/white, and they look great worn casually with a pair of jeans.  Great pair of Kicks!
B004SUANZU The reality of the shoe size(clearing up the FUD) After seeing so many reviews talk about the shoe size I had to make a comment once I actually got these about all the FUD being spread. The shoe runs fairly accurate to size. I have a wide foot and most of my shoes bought are size 44 1/2 EU size. Why do I use EU size? Well, for one it is far more constant than having to guess my size in USA since it varies 1/2 from manufacture to manufacture while the EU size doesn't. Many companies run a 44 1/2 in size 10.5 male and many run it in about 11. I ordered an 11 from here(which is what the PUMA chart said for EU) and I must say after checking their charts at their company I would venture to say this shoe does not really run small. Check the makers site to see whether they run on the proper or big size when buying online. This one runs on the proper scale that most use and I had no issues with size.The truth is:-This shoe runs extra wide. It actually feels lose without having to break it in. There is no break in as this thing is huge. Unless you're severely overweight or have deformed feet to the oblivion you will not have any problems with tightness. I weigh about 165 pounds, which is pretty heavy for someone 5'10, and have a wide foot so I am not exaggerating on how spacious it is.-Considering how affordable they are, I would say that their shock support is of above average quality.-They seem very well built for the few hrs I have put on these and they are light too. Should be comfortable for long walking distances(if you're in the USA chances are you drive to the corner CVS so I don't know how important this is.)
B004SUANZU Runs small I typically wear a size 14 and these size 14 shoes were too small for me. They're certainly a sharp looking shoe though. I love Puma stuff normally, but their shoes are hit or miss when it comes to sizes. I have pumas in size 14 and 15, depending on the style.
B004SUANZU Great product I read reviews of these shoes about how you should order a size up from your regular size for shoes since Puma's run a tad small. They fit perfectly a size up. The blue looks great and they're super comfy. can't wait to play some indoor soccer :)
B004SUANZU TINY! I wear a 10-10. 5 in most ... TINY! I wear a 10-10.5 in most shoes, and the 10.5s were tiny! As everyone else says, order a size larger! Very stylish shoes.
B004SUANZU size these shoes' size is smaller than other shoes. I wear size 11 normlly, and I ordered size 11 for these shoes but they feel smaller than 11 and they are tight.
B004SUANZU Size runs SMALL I wish I had read the other reviews in detail.****These sneakers definitely run small!!!****I am usually a size 7 womens / 5 mens, so I ordered the 5.It was too small.I exchanged for a 5.5 and it's still too small - I don't even feel a difference.Totally unable to wear them without losing my big toes.I would agree with a previous post about going up 1.5 sizes.
B004SUANZU parker I received the item in very short time. But I recognized that it is a summer shoes. Furthermore, the size fits small. I'm a 7 feet size and the item I purchased is 7.5 but is small for my feet. I advise larger size, at least 1 numeber more than your regular size. Thanks
B004SUANZU Awesome shoe I have 4 pairs of these shoes. My first two pairs were bought quite a while back, when they where still named Puma 10. They are very comfortable and durable. I still wear my first pair. They are made of real suede, so they have quite a bit of give. Because they are technically soccer shoes, they feel snug on first couple of wears as they are supposed to. I'm normally a size US 10. Usually US 10 = UK 9 = EUR 44 = 28cm and US 10.5 = UK 9.5 = EUR 44.5 = 28.5cm. However these pumas are US 10.5 = UK 9.5 = EUR 44 = 28.5cm (emphasis on the European size). The US 10.5 is the one that fits me best. So it seems that the European size is the &#34;correct&#34; one, in the sense that it describes best how the shoe fits. I'd like to emphasize that I only encountered this in classic Puma, such as Suede and the Liga/10. Other models of Puma the US 10 (EUR 44) fits best. So with Puma always go with your European size. Apart from size, awesome is an understatement. These shoes are close to perfect. Durable, comfortable and stylish.
B004SUANZU Comfortable and snazzy Great quality shoes at a reasonable price.  They look nice and fit very comfortably.  I wear a size 9 in women's, so I ordered the 7.5 men's size.  I was afraid from other reviews that they might be too tight, but they were not.  However, I like my shoes a bit snug, so if you prefer a looser fit, going up a half size isn't a bad idea.  Arrived very quickly.
B004SUANZU Good Quality At a Good Price But size is a hair Smaller than my last shoes same size 12 should have gotten 12.5 but they will stretch to the right size in a few months
B004SUANZU wrong size The wrong size was send but my son need shoes so we took the soles out so he could have room but i can take a picture and sure they are wrong size but what good would that be none i just want buy from your company again thanks for the wrong shoes
B004SUANZU PUMA Liga Sneaker Now for fyi I recently ordered and brought them at DSW's website because of free shipping and memeber discount, but I would have got them on amazon if that wasn't the case. I am a size 9 men and I was little wary about the issue with size since I read on various sites about comments regarding this little issues, but luckily for me the sneakers fitted perfectly and felt comfortable. I was almost about to consider a 9.5 size but I went with my gut on this decision, so if anyone is a bit unsure whether to follows what other comments have stated, I am one person who didn't need to pick a bigger size.
B004SUANZU Nice Casual Shoe Nice looking casual shoe that can be worn with jeans or shorts. I normally wear size 12 but went with a 13 based on other reviews. I kept them but they seem a little tight, think they should break in just fine. Can't help but think going up another half size would make a better fit.
B004SWY5UC Runs small Nice shoe but runs at least a half size small. I have another pair of Pumas in the same size and they fit fine. These have not loosened up after being worn a few times so I'll just have to give them away.
B004T3M57K Good I like the shoes but there is no support on the back of the heels. Just need to order one size smaller
B004T6IXUK Good I got this shoes on time, I got it from Shoesontheweb. Had no problem. The shoes as described.A very important thing you have to consider is that in this Puma brand the sizes are kind of small, I ordered Sz 12 and I really should have ordered Size 13, consider ordering one number up from yours.Overall a good pair oh shoes to wear with anything you want, shorts, jeans, sport :D
B004TLB4GU Great shoes They were delivered in a timely fashion. I read some of the reviews and they told me to order a size bigger but because I knew what size I needed they fit perfectly. I really like them.
B004TLC9EQ Just Fab I found these Puma sandals to be extremely comfortable and very cute. Definitely run small so order at least a half size bigger.
B004TPDNJC shame on amazon I ordered this product all the way from Australia with the firm knowledge that I am a size US8. The pumas arrived and as beautiful as they are are at least half a size too small! This style is clearly a narrow fit and not true to size. Now I have to send this product back which will cost me money. Shame on you amazon- you should clearly state if a product such as this runs smaller and is NOT true to size. How very dissapointing; a classic case of "caveat emptor"- let the buyer beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B004TPEW1K El Ace Womens LOVE THEM!  They are super comfortable...and I'm a size 10 and they don't make my feet look big.  The colour is so different and it goes with everything.  I wear them all day and no complaints.  True to size.
B004VRIGRM Very comfortable I bought these shoes to wear as my "everyday" shoes. they are very comfortable and provide good arch support. The size was as-advertised (meaning i wear a size 13 and this size 13 fit properly. i have had issues with different brands where a size 13 does not fit).
B004VW5BOI did not fit my feet are wide for a woman's size, and these still did not fit me. It is way too big and way too wide. I had to order it twice, first to see if a smaller size would work for me, even though i wear a 6 and ordered a 5 and a half, that didn't fit. so i returned the first pair and ordered a smaller size, 5 this time, still did not fit, still looked like clown shoes because it is way too long. I guess this is good for women with big, long feet. Not for a 6 wide though.
B004WLEF6S Great shoe The color is brilliant and similar to the color in the ads. I tried on a size at a nearby store, and ordered the correct size based on the color I wanted. I would advise to try a similar size at a nearby store, as shoes do not fit everyone the same. High quality and stunning casual athletic shoe.
B004WLEF6S size 10 Puma has great sneakers, but this one was ok. as size, I ordered 10, but received 10.5. So, when you order, check size
B004ZIP5GW disappointed The size was not accurate.I always wear size 10 sneakers but in this case size 10 felt like size 8.5.But got the refund after I returned it So I guess not so disappointed
B004ZIP5GW These run way too tight! Size 9 felt like 8 or even 7.5.  Beware also that the tongue you see in the picture is not separate from the rest of the shoe, so you can't expand the opening to insert your foot: the opening has fixed size.Besides the size problem and the lack of expandability of the opening, the shoe felt bulky and lacking agility.  It compares poorly with other running shoes.
B004ZIP5GW stylish shoes Very nice looking shoes - unfortunately was sent the wrong size, but was able to return/exxchange for correct size in expeeditious manner
B004ZIP5GW Size is misleading Shoes end up with my son because the size is misleading. I'm size 9-1/2 so I was thinking that half size bigger (size 10) would be sufficient enough. Not enough! Should have posted size charts to avoid future problems.
B004ZIP5GW Size Issue I ordered a size 10 1/2 and they shipped me a 10 1/2.  However, there was no way that shoe could fit my foot which is a 10 1/2 .  Apparently the Company has a sizing issue.  I returned the item back to amazon.
B004ZIP5GW Large shoe, but stylist I've always read that Puma's run small so I ordered a size only 0.5 sizes bigger than what I normally wear and it seemed a whole size too big. It's a very heavy shoe and they look enormous on my feet. It is very comfortable and vibrant, though. If you're looking to get some heads to turn, this is the shoe for you. I prefer to run with lighter shoes so these were a little heavy for me.
B004ZIP5GW Too Small and far too Narrow Be sure to order a size and a half up or you too will be disappointed. Sorry, I'm not going to wear an 11 when normally I wear 9.5. Nice deign though.
B004ZIP5GW Perfect I predicted the size to be different when purchasing online  and ordered half inch more than required & that did the trick :)
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe, Runs Small, so order big! Love the color. love the style. Love how it came two days earlier than expected.  I should have take the advice under the comments. They run very small. You really do need to order shoes a size and one half larger than your normal size. I missed out because I failed to do this.
B004ZIPGOS Very good shoes but kinda small Very nice shoes, very comfortableI ordered the size 8 1/2 but it runs a half size smallif you order this item order half size bigger.I recommend this shoes!
B004ZIPVH0 Nice This is very good soccer cleats and very comfortable, I recomend you order this cleats one or one and half size larger then you true size it defenatly not true to size.
B004ZIPVH0 Review of Puma v1.11 I usually wear a 7 US for all of my soccer cleats and yes you do need to go up half a size. If you still want to go true to size, expect to have your big toe push back a little (if the big toe is your longest toe). Other than the sizing, the cleats feels great, very comfortable. Great touches and very easy to clean as well.
B004ZIPVH0 very good shoes but order bigger than your actual foot size the shoe is beautiful and comfortable !! but shoes does not fit to size ! you should order maybe a size or size and 1/2 bigger
B004ZIPVIE Looks good runs small order one size up! my toes are all turned black and painful because when i run there is pressure on my toes! it runs very small!!! but it looks great i got lotta compliment wearing this!
B004ZIT63U Beautiful shoes! We purchased these running shoes for our 9-year old son, but they were too small.  Very nice looking, so we're returning them for a larger size.  Besides, they're Puma brand for a good price, so you really can't go wrong.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes.  Order up 1/2 size. High quality, comfortable, and great color.  But I recommend ordering 1/2 size larger than you usually wear because they are a little narrow in the toe box.
B004ZIT63U Run small Sneaker looks nice, but WAY too small. Ordered 1/2 size up like other reviews recommended, but my 8-year old was busting out of the 2.5, She wears a size 2.0 Nike, returning these for a 3.5.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe Even looks better than the picture.  Colors are rich and vibrant.  Do buy 1 size larger as they do size small.
B004ZIT63U Where is it?!?!?!?!? I didn't order yet but why isn't there a size 2 or 2.5 big kid? I need either 2 or 2.5!
B004ZIT63U adorable shoe, runs small once again puma makes a great shoe unfortunately the size runs a bit took small. buy the next size up
B004ZIT63U Too small They were just too small for my sons foot. They must run smaller than most shoes because I bought a size up from what he normally wears.
B004ZIT63U These shoes run extra-extra Small I got these for my 6 year old she wears an 11 1/2 in shoes so I always get 1/2 size larger so she has room to grow ... They didn't have a size 12 so I ordered the 12 1/2 ... They fit perfect so I sent them back and re-ordered ( they had sizes 13 & 13 1/2 ) but I ordered a size 1 .... And they fit with a little room to grow .... Love these shoes but they seem to run extra - extra small ...
B004ZIT63U Runs small Nice looking shoe. My son was thrilled when it arrived. Unfortunately, he could barely get his foot in and it was a whole size larger than the last shoe we bought him, 2 months ago. Puma sizes are much smaller than the other brands he usually wears.
B004ZIT63U To small Shows don't look anything like on pictures! Size are wrong! Not happy with them at all! Had to return them !
B004ZIT63U So fun and Bright but WAY TO SMALL My son loved the look of these shoes immediately. It was too bad they were so small... and the next size up was sold out...
B004ZIT63U Great comfy sneakers The sneakers are really cute and very comfy but unfortunately they do run a bit small. I ordered a half size larger and its still a bit tight. If you like to feel room order a whole other size but other than the sizing issue they are wonderful sneakers!
B004ZIT63U Nice shoes We bought these for indoor soccer and they look cool and our son was able to maneuver well.  I thought I bought them a half-size too big to have room for bulky soccer socks, but they fit just right.  Not a bad thing, just order a half- or full-size larger than what you need would be my recommendation.
B004ZIT63U runs small The size my son normally wears did not fit so we sent back and went up half size.  They fit but he doesn't care to wear them as much as his other sneakers.  They are just a little too snug for him I guess
B004ZIT63U Slightly small fit, maybe by a half size or so... Well made shoe. They appear to run a little small. Had to send a size 4 back for a 4.5. 4.5 was a perfect fit for my son. He loves them. They have nice laces, that stay tied.
B004ZIT63U Great product My 5 year old loooves these shoes, (they look just like his dads) I ordered a half size bigger and ended up having to send back for a full size larger. they fit great and are worn every day.
B004ZIT63U Order 1/2 bigger but great shoe! Good quality shoe.  We ordered 1/2 bigger then his regular size after we read the reviews & they are perfect!
B004ZIT63U Too small Run very small.  Look great but just not happy with purchase.  Not able to get same price upon return wish I could
B004ZIT63U Too small, nice shoes The only problem is that puma runs too small, so you'll have to by a bigger size. Love the color... Nice shoes
B004ZIT63U Runs small? I love the style of this shoe and my daughter was very excited about it, but it appears they run too small.  She wears size 1-1.5, so I ordered 1.5 in this shoe, but had to exchange it for a 1/2 size larger.
B004ZIT63U A little small We are quite happy with the shoe, however it does run 1/2 to 1 size small and therefore I have given it the 3 stars. My daughter loves it otherwise.
B004ZIT63U Somewhat small My son wears 13.5 and another brand with 13.5 size fits more comfortably than these shoes. I am hoping that after usage few times these shoes will feel as comfortable as the other ones.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes and great price I love these shoes and I wear them everyday. I wear a size 7 adult and a size 6 in these are the same. :-D
B004ZIT63U Pumpped up These shoes have made the day.  They do run a bit smaller then some other leading brands so get a 1/2 size bigger when you order
B004ZIT63U smaller than the printed size very disappointed since the shoe looks really nice but when i received it (live abroad) it is at least one size smaller than what is printed on the tag
B004ZIT63U happy I got these for my son, who likes bright and colorful shoes, he really likes them they run a little small in size but i think all pumas do so i order a size larger and they are perfect.
B004ZIT63U Great Choice! Saw that it was recommended to go up a 1/2 size from normal shoe size and was glad we did! These fit my 5 year old very well and still give him some room to grow! We love the colors of these also, so bright :)
B004ZITHZC Great style These shoes run about a half size to small. So you may want to order a bigger size. My daughter has worn these for about two months now and they wear great and are comfortable and stylish.
B004ZITHZC VERY DISSAPOINTED I was so excited to had ordered these since for the past 7 years all I have ever ordered my daughter were pumas. Then i ordered these and they were way too small. Not true to size at all. They run an entire size to size and a half too small. When I researched them after the fact it turns out that they are knock offs. I was so bummed. Needless to say I returned them.
B004ZITHZC Too small for size I have to send these back they are way to small for my baby. However they look really nice and I wouldn't mind getting them in a bigger size!
B004ZITHZC Great looking runs small These shoes are great looking. I can tell they are a quality shoe but they run really small. I got them for my son and ended up giving them to a friends kid. I will have to reorder a bigger size for my son.
B004ZITHZC Run small These shoes run small & with the elastic band ontop, it hurt our daughters feet. Good shoe minus those 2 things
B004ZITHZC Love them, but they run small Great shoe. Colors are as shown in picture unlike some that are off just a bit. I do suggest ordering a size up.
B004ZITHZC like the look, fit small ordered kids size 2 which is what my 7yr old wears and the were a full size too small, the shoes fit smaller thansize indicated.
B004ZITHZC Somewhat small but I read the previous reviews. My four year old daughter loved the colors. I ordered a little bit bigger due to other people's reviews but she may still outgrow them in a few months. They are very nice looking and have so far worked well for her gym class. She can get them on easily by herself.
B004ZITHZC too short runs small great shoe but too small for my grandson. wonder why all other styles fit my grandson but not this one?
B004ZITHZC claim good afternoon to review the product ever knowing me that the size of the same size are 12.5 and 13.5 I need is I need to know how to make the change
B004ZITHZC Nice Pumas- does run small As per some reviews for this show I went with a size and a half bigger and they fit perfect.  My son loves his shoes and very comfortable!  Definitely glad I got a size up. ;)
B004ZITHZC Size for Brazilian boy Hi,My son is 1 year and 5 months, and we would like to know which size should we buy for him.We are from Brazil, and the Brazilian size does not match with the USA size, we are looking for this informations on the internet, and all information are confusing us.The Brazil size is 22.which Puma size should I buy?Thanks and we holpe you can help usMy e-mail is evandrolso@yahoo.com.br
B004ZITHZC Fits a little tight. Love the colors and style. The fit was too small. Had to exhange for another brand because the next size was not available in the colors we wanted when I was doing the exchange.
B004ZITHZC Like the shoe, but sizes run small My son loved the shoes, but when he put them on they were to tight. He wears a 1 normally, will be returning but only to get the next size up.
B004ZITHZC A little small but high quality Although the siZe was a little small, the product is perfect, the quality and the design of the shoe are great.
B004ZITHZC Nice, but sizing is a bit small I read the reviews before buying this shoe and did order a size bigger than what my son normally wears. However, it still fit him exact.My advice to other shoppers is to buy 2 sizes up than what your kid normally wears.
B004ZITHZC Nice shoe but runs Way WAY small Shoe looks really good but was way too small even though I ordered a size larger that he normally wears.  If your child has a very narrow foot and low arches then it may work for you but for us, it wasn't even close.
B004ZITHZC Sad Customer I bought this Puma for my grand daughter but for some reason the puma did not fit her it was her size but she complain of her toes hurting so I believe they run small size ,we had to return them
B004ZITHZC Bulky and sized small I ordered up a size and a half to give my fast growing sprout room to wiggle, but it wasn't enough. The previous reviews said to order a size up because they run small but it wasn't enough for us. They also appear to be low profile but they were very wide shoes.
B004ZITHZC Order one size up We ordered these for my 2 year old son in a size 7 (his normal shoe size). I'm not sure if they run small or because the leather is so stiff, but his foot wouldn't fit in them. Believe me, I tried several times. However, we exchanged them for a size 8, and they fit fine. He has a bit extra toe room, but it doesn't interfere with his ability to run and walk in them. They are made of quality materials and look like they will last as long as his foot fits in them.
B004ZITHZC First good kids running shoe with Velcro! My son had a size 1 in Nikes that were too big so I ordered these a half size smaller and they are very snug. He loves them though! The Velcro is very good and they stay on his feet well.
B004ZITHZC Great Shoes I thought that I had ordered the right size, but my daughter's feet grew from when I checked last.  She actually cried when I told her we would have to send them back for a bigger size. We are currently exchanging them and she is so excited to get them.  They are adorable and functional.  Not clunky big tennis shoes.
B004ZITHZC Run small The shoes run very small. My son is a size 9 in most shoes and these are very narrow and could not even slid foot into shoe. Shoe itself is great just beware they run small.
B004ZITHZC the size is too small the shoe size is too small in compare to any other shoe with the same size.when we compare it with adidas shoe there is a difference in sizes
B004ZITHZC A little small for a size 12. The shoes are attractive and colorful. My grandson liked them very much. He was wearing a size 11 1/2, so, I figured a size 12 would fit good. However, the shoes seemed the same size as his 11 1/2 shoes.
B004ZITHZC Size runs small I like the style and material but the sizing is a bit small.  I'd originally ordered a size 7 but have returned and ordered a size 8.
B004ZITHZC Runs a half size smaller Didn't quite fit like a 8, more like a 7. Very tight and hard to get on. Look cute though!
B004ZITHZC Runs very small They are on the very small size, even for pumas. They are cute shoes, but very frustrating that they are this way.
B004ZITHZC Great shoes Bought these shoes for my son and i couldn't be happier. This is his first pair of Puma so I was not sure how the size would run, but they fit perfectly. i love the diagrams on the insoles to show you proper placement of feet to assure you purchased the right size.
B004ZITHZC Order one size larger than current size Great shoes after the exchange for a size larger, daughter loves them! These shoes have alot of reflectors too which is great.
B004ZITHZC Great Looking-Too Small My son has very wide feet and this shoe does not come in widths.  It was so cute I thought I'd give it a shot.  All the other reviews recommended sizing up from normal size.  Even doing so, still too small.  Wish it came in widths!!!! Had to send them back.
B004ZITHZC Love these shoes! My son just loves these shoes.  They fit great and the velcro fasteners are so much easier than shoelaces.  He gets so many compliments when he's wearing them.  Easy to keep clean too - I just throw them in the washing machine and dryer and they look nearly brand new!  I do recommend getting a half size larger than your child's normal size since PUMAs do offer half sizes and my son find the extra half size to be more comfortable for running and other sports.
B004ZITHZC very cute shoe..but sized wrong My son wears a size 9 in all others shoes but this one. It has nice that it had a built in size chart that showed that the shoe was to small. I ordered another Puma shoe one full size larger and they fit him perfect.
B004ZITHZC Wish they came in my size. I love these shoes. All of the reviews say they run small, and I would agree. I bought a size 4 for my daughter who is just getting into size 4, and they fit perfect, but wont for long. I will be needing to order size 5 soon, and will have no problem doing it. She loves these shoes. When I take them off, she instantly tries putting them back on. They are adorable and comfortable and have a good amount of flex for a toddler who is still learning the ropes of walking.
B004ZITHZC Good things come in small sizes Nice looking shoe.  Easy to strap on. They run 1 size small. I hope they last at least 2 months.
B004ZITHZC great shoes, but run too small Bought this pair for my almost 6 years old, very active son. He needed some snickers that would not be so wide and don't fall off his feet when running. These hug his feet nicely, love the Velcro, that makes it very easy to put on or take off... I bought size 2, he is 1and 1/2, and they are just a bit snug, especially when wearing sport socks ... would recommend to go up one full size.
B004ZITJJQ BEAUTIFUL SHOES...RUN LITTLE SMALL Daughter loved these shoes, but they run small in my opinion, so they have been sent back!  Another pair I ordered, NB KJ750 fit perfectly, same size.
B004ZITU86 great shoe! We love Puma! This was purchased for my son.  He is currently in a size 4 and I ordered up so he could wear them a while . . . well these seem to run a little big so he will be wearing the for a long while!  The leather and thick rubber sole seem very durable.
B004ZIVGH4 Pumas I looked very nice, fabric seems resistant and appropriate - sizes comes very small - so order a number bigger (ex:we ordered a 9 but needed probably a 9.5 or 10
B004ZIYSME Cute shoes! These shoes are so cute, and I love the colors!!  The only drawback is that these were slightly too small for me.  I wish I would have gotten a half size larger.  I usually wear 8-8 1/2, and I ordered the 8.  I really wish I would have gotten the 8 1/2, but with that said,.  they are still very comfortable, I just feel a little crowded at my toes.  I have had many compliments on these shoes, and they are very lightweight.  I would recommend for sure, just maybe go 1/2 size larger.
B0050306NS So dissappointed I ordered a size for toddlers (for my little girl) and i got the size 37!!!!!! There was a mistake in another order so i think i dont trust amazon anymore. and where i live i dont have the possibility to exchange.
B005030WZU Good quality shoes My daughter loves her Pumas. They do run a little small though so we usually purchase them 1/2 - 1 size larger.Stylish and comfortable.
B00504CT5U run small I love them, but order a half size up. I am normally a 7.5 had to get an 8. They feel great and are cute, got lots of compliments.
B0050U210C Fits VERY small These are nice looking shoes and my son loves them, but they run very small.  He currently wears an 11 so I ordered a 12.5 to fit him for the coming year.  The 12.5 were too tight and when compared to the shoes (including other pumas) he already has, they seemed to be closer to a 10.5 than 12.5.  I would suggest ordering at least 1 to 2 sizes larger.
B0050U7C8I Great Shoes! A little small though The shoes looked great and my daughter loved them. They do seem to run on the small side however.I returned the size 5 and received a size 5.5 in return.
B0050U7C8I Great Colors - Good Shoe I read quite a few reviews that said this shoe ran a bit small, so I ordered up a size. I wish I'd gotten my regular size because they seem to fit about the same as other Pumas I have. These work for small adult feet - sizing was more like boys youth size on the ones I got.I got the gray/black/blue ones. I really love the color and the retro style. There could be a bit more cushion in them, but I'm going to add some insoles to make the size right so I don't have to do a return. I wanted to wear them too much to wait for a new pair!
B0050U7C8I Middle School Gems! I got these for my young protege cousin who always admires my sneakers and wanted me to pick out a 'cool pair' for her. I settled on these Pumas and she was ecstatic upon opening the box. They're perfect for everyday running around and she says they're extremely comfortable. I'd call her a girly-girl, and these are the perfect medley of trendy + functional shoes. One thing I would note is that I think they're a bit narrow & to order a 1/2 size up. I ordered the larger of the two sizes she goes between and we still had to return and get another 1/2 size larger! I'm happy I made her happy & I'd recommend these shoes for anyone who loves color and comfort!
B0050UGDJC Runs small Very cute sneaker with nice colors and lights up nicely. Unfortunately, the shoe runs small. My daughter wears a size 2.5 and i bought a size 3, only to find that it's still too small. I had to exchange it for a 3.5. make sure you buy at least a full size bigger.
B00517MAKK It runs small These shoes run small.  Both of my kids have to wear one and half size up.  Otherwise it's comfortable and gives good support.
B00517NOTQ Beautiful Shoes! I ordered these shoes for school for my 10yr old daughter and I must say her eyes lit up when she saw them. I say order a 1/2 size bigger cause they seem to run a little small. I only gave 4 stars cause i'm not the one wearing them but she say they are comfortable.
B00517RQGI A little smaller I bought the shoes for my 5 y.o son who just started to learn soccer. He's normally wear shoes size 11, so that't what I ordered. But it turned out it's smaller than normal. So if you want to order it, I suggest to order a size up.Also, the cleats are a little bit sharper than other soccer shoes. Your child has to be really carefull when wearing these shoes outside grass field, because they're really slippery.
B0053A2LWC Poor service I ordered and returned this shoe twice. Both times I ordered a size 10 and when I received it the box said it was a 10 but the shoes inside were a size 9. I think they just sent me the same shoes twice. I was really disappointed because these were going to be a gift.
B0053A2M3A Stylish, affordable, and durable Stylish shoes for an excellent price. Bought them weeks ago and they are holding up great and are very comfortable. Be sure to buy a 1/2 size larger as Pumas often run small.
B0053VMRR0 Too large Delivered on time. But the size small tee was too large and I had to return it. Other size small tees from PUMA have been of the right size earlier
B005437PAG shoes run really small Shoes look great and arrived super fast, but they run a full size too small.  Would recommend ordering a size bigger than you usually wear.  We had to return them.
B0054D2TIE Nice shoes for rugby These are great cleats and I get many compliments when I wear them. The only complaint that I have is that they ran a bit small and I had to return them and get ones that were half a size bigger.
B0054KWWQG Do not bother The package says sizes 10-13 maybe they are using metric system.  They are way to small for my size 11 feet and do not bother to wash them as they shrink to half there original size.  In closing I would say they are a total waste of money. Tried to give zero stars but could not
B005543Z5S Good snickers for running I really enjoy these snickers and I don't regret about my purchase. The only disadvantage is that you need to clean up them periodically because of their light color. The size is perfect, you don't need to buy bigger or smaller size just order the size you usually wear.
B005543ZHQ 1 size fits all, not so much I cant really review this item because it didnt fit me. Maybe I grew a shoe size over night, or maybe it is just a really really tight fit. But I just couldnt get this shoes to fit my foot. I dont know if it is just improperly label or anything, I am just looking for a way to not blame amazon or puma for this.But if you do order this I reccomend maybe ordering a size bigger than your foot. or maybe it is suppose to be a tight fit.... i just dont know.
B005544T94 GREAT LOOKING , but they run BIG. These are very comfy, good breathing, great looking shoes, however they do run big for the women's sizing.  I (a female) wear an 8 1/2 in most athletic shoes.  These are unisex and the box said that it was a men's size 7 and also a women's size 8 1/2.  But in my experience, men's and women's shoe sizing runs 2 sizes apart.  Therefore, I sent these back in exchange for the women's size 8 (men's size 6 1/2).These also run a little wide.  So, if you have narrow feet, these wouldn't be the best for you.I didn't give these 5 stars because the shock absorbancy on these don't seem to be all that great for "running shoes".  Good thing I'm just going to be using them for mild impact, core strengthening aerobic classes.
B005547MJS Worth it! I'm kind of pleased that I bought this pair. Finishing is excellent and the design is just as eye catching as it's in the image. The first day I slipped this on right out of the box, I thought I definitely should have ordered 8.5 instead of Size 8 or maybe, a size 'wider' at the toes(I wear UK 7 and at a shoe store here in New Orleans I measured my size to be US 8). Thankfully, after 4 days of gradually reducing discomfort, it now fits like a glove. In my opinion those who wear exactly size US 8(Normal width) should consider buying this shoe in Size 8 and let it stretch for a couple of days but let me warn you, it will hurt even to keep it on and feel too narrow for a few days and you'll need to walk/run to make it stretch faster.
B005552422 GREAT GIFT! I purchased these shoes as a holiday gift for my husband. He loved them, I love them, but unfortunately they didn't fit.  He needed the one size they didn't order 12.5 - 13 was too big.
B005552422 One size Larger My son usually wears size 9, however, this shoe is one size larger. He likes the style but size 8 would better fit.
B005552422 Nice shoe order next larger size Nice shoe but go with next size up.i've been wearing size 12 for years and I can't even wear these their so small.going to have to give them to my son.
B005552422 nice but too small I have other puma sneakers so I ordered the same size but they were too small... have too buy another pair half a size bigger at least
B0055QR480 Puma shoes I wear a size 11-12 womens shoe and have a hard time buying atletic shoes in that size that don't look like battleships. Men's shoe sizes mostly don't work, don't fit right and are too big looking.  The Pumas are very sleek and small looking.  Besides, even the men sizes fit right.  Also very comfortable. I wore my previous Pumas as kick-arounds for 4 years.
B0055X9GMK Great looking and comfortable, but run a bit small. I got these sneakers in black/silver and they look a lot more different than pictured. That trademark Puma white stripe you see on them? It's actually grey in person. They also look smaller (in a good way) than pictured - they are narrow (but not too narrow), and they are not as long as the images of them would have you believe. I think they look much better than pictured and make the feet look smaller. I was surprised by how lightweight these sneakers were - practically weightless, and they slip on easily and are very comfortable, however, I think they run a bit small - the toes on my left foot felt just a little bit squeezed, so I would recommend going a half size up (unless they are going to stretch with time, sneakers/shoes sometimes do). Puma sneakers in US size 9 either fit me perfectly or feel a bit large, but these feel a little bit too small in US size 9, I think US size 9.5 would fit me better (I usually wear US size 9 or EUR 39.5-40). The upper is made of nylon and fabric, and I love the look and the feel (again, very comfortable), my only concern is the sole - I think it's way too thin, almost nonexistent, it felt like I was wearing shoes made entirely of fabric, with fabric soles, so I'm not too sure about these...right now I'm returing the pair I ordered and am considering going a half size up.
B0055XBD80 like the lightness of the shoe would be very happy with this shoe if it was half size larger.......might need to consider ordering half size up when purchasing .
B0055XDNQA Not what I was looking for These shoes were flashy and pretty, but I did not keep them.  I was looking for a shoe for general use (walking, standing), and I didn't think these would pass the test.  A big part of the bottom of the shoe is completely smooth (no grips), and there was little to no support in terms of comfort.  I also went with previous reviews that stated Puma's sizing ran small, so I ordered a half size up (I am usually between a 9.5 and a 10), but they were definitely too big.  All in all, a bust.  These shoes just weren't the type I needed, but like I said, they looked good.
B0056WZDA4 Great cleats at a reasonable price I bought these cleats for my daughter, and she loves them.  They are light and comfortable as well as nice looking.  We have found that Puma shoes and cleats seem to run a little small, and so buying one size larger than her usual shoe size worked well for my daughter. Would definitely recommend these cleats to any player who is at a beginning to intermediate level of play.
B0056WZF20 Very Cute, but they run BIG! These are very comfy, good breathing, great looking shoes, however they do run big for the women's sizing. I (a female) wear an 8 1/2 in most athletic shoes. These are unisex and the box said that it was a men's size 7 and also a women's size 8 1/2. But in my experience, men's and women's shoe sizing runs 2 sizes apart. Therefore, I sent these back in exchange for the women's size 8 (men's size 6 1/2).These also run a little wide. So, if you have narrow feet, these wouldn't be the best for you.I didn't give these 5 stars because the shock absorbancy on these don't seem to be all that great for "running shoes". Good thing I'm just going to be using them for mild impact, core strengthening aerobic classes.
B0056WZN2W Poor Sizing I ordered this style from Zappos in another color and it was great!  I love the shoe in many ways - so much so that when they ran out I was so happy to see it on Amazon.  When it arrived it was as if they were a whole size too small.  I was so disappointed I returned them.
B0056X0FVK Very light and airy! These are very light to wear. I feel as if I'm not even wearing tennis shoes when I wear them. Very comfortable, but I wish I would have went with a smaller size. They do fit true to size.. If you were 8 1/2, but think you want to get a little bigger than that, I wouldn't suggest it. I did that and am wishing I would have just gone with an 8 1/2.
B0056YD1QK way too large and couldn't exchange I typically wear an 8.5 in running shoes, so that is what I ordered.  When they arrived, they were at least a whole size larger than I needed.  I went online to see if I could exchange them for a different size, and I could not.  Then, I decided to return them (because there was nooo way I could possibly run in them), and had to pay for the shipping to send them back... so I ended up losing 5 or 6 dollars.
B0056YD1QK They sent a size twice as big to order... Buy shoes size 7.5, but I got size 9. Two sizes larger than those you buy, the shoebox size 7.5 I was saying but they were size 9. Obviously I have left enormous shoes. I'm from Venezuela and buy from here and now I lost my purchase. Totally irresponsible and careless, not recommend at all. Tricksters. Never again will buy it.
B0056YH1PW Great Style I love the look of these shoes. They are very cute, and vibrant. They are very comfortable, the only problem I had is that they run very small. I ordered a size 11, and considering I am usually a 10 1/2, and never am I bigger than 11, I thought it would be no problem. But, they were definitely snug in the toe (too tight), so I would order a size up if I were you.
B0056YRCTW comfy but runs small great leather shoe with a solid, well-built feel, but order at least a half size larger. good for wider feet.
B0056YRCTW not true to size great cleats but were too small and i couldn't stretch them.  normally wear a 10, ordered a 10.  and these don't fit, so now, because i wore them, have to sell them at less value and order a 10.5.
B0057DPSQG Size Reviews of this product stated that the size ran somewhat small however I found the opposite to be the case.
B0057DPSQG I hate this product. It's a fake. Wrong size, poor quality. It's a bad idea buy this item. i bought the size Medium, but when arrived, the size is XXXL... really bad product.
B0057DPSQG Not a true small They look great in the pictures that are on the Amazon listing, but once I got these boxerbriefs and opened the plastic pack they came in I realized instantly that they were way too big to be called "small".I will start off by saying that nearly every set of boxers or boxerbriefs in size small that I've purchased in the past have fit almost perfect. But not these.I will elaborate. First off, they are longer than they look in the picture, extending down my legs about 3.5 inches. The waist ban extends upward a bit farther than I would like as well, but not as out of proportion as the legs.Another thing about the legs is that they are not form fitting! They fit baggy on my legs with plenty of room around the bottom of the legs, which give it a "bell" look to them. Kind of like bell bottom pants.Next would be the crotch area, it is too far down, or rather, the only way to get any support in the crotch area would be to pull the waist band on so high that the waistband ends up over your belly button which would look and feel ridiculous.I guess if you add all of that together, it just means that they are very much oversized for what they are. They are easily a medium, not a small, and thus, I'm not going to even bother wearing these. Will have to see who I can give them away to.If you wear a true small like I do, so like waist size 28 to 32, I wouldn't recommend these to you. Its like wearing a pair of baggy boxers lol. Unless you are fat, then these might fit you.If however you wear a waist size 32 to 34 these may fit you just right if you are looking for form fitting like I was. So it's what would normally be a size medium.If these had been a true small, I probably would have been pretty happy with them. Disappointed.
B0057DPSQG Buy smaller than what you would think! I read several reviews about the fitment of these undies and glad I listened about getting a size smaller. I normally wear a size M, but went with smalls on these and they fit snug at first but loosen up after a bit. Seems to be a good product so far but I have only had them for a couple of weeks now.
B0057DPSQG A little too large but very soft Good material but a little larger than expected. The fabric is very stretchy so if you're unsure what size to buy I would recommend going down a size because they will fit better than getting a size larger. Did not shrink very well...
B0057DPSQG To big The boxer are okay, mais the size is to big. I always take medium size usually, but, for that boxer, its really big. It's look like a large... So if you want to by one, you are better to take one size smaller.
B0058XE0GY Love them Great shoe comfortable go a half size larger, typical of Pumas.  The navy is awesome lookin for black now.  Ordering more Pumas shortly!-former Adidas Guy
B0058XE334 Extremely disappointed The shoe runs extremely small. I have never had an issue with Pumas. I normally wear a size 14 and my feet fit perfectly. I ordered a size 14 and it fit more like a 13 or even a 12.
B0058XE334 Excellent choice I was looking for comfort and quality at a reasonable price and got everything I wanted. A small observation though on the fitting a bit bigger than regular standard size charts. If you buy it go one size down.
B0058XEE88 Daughter MY 7th grade daughter runs track and I had a hard time buying track shoes for her. Her standard shoe size is a 6, when buying track shoes, they apparently all run small. Once i figured that out, we bought an 8 in these and they fit perfect
B0058XEE88 Small size Send me the shoes I find that there is very little, And even worse, Do not have a metal fingers, I was punished, I was expecting better, and they deceived me..
B0058XEE88 even though i ordered half size bigger, the shoes still did not fit! even though i ordered half size bigger, the shoes still did not fit!  otherwise, the shoes appear to be good quality.
B0058XEE88 My teenager was EXCITED My teen loved these as part of her christmas. They run a little small so glad that we got the size that we did. Very nice. Will consider these again the next time we have to purchase track shoes.
B0058XEEHE Great shoe, runs small Loved the shoes, but they were at least a size too small!  I always wear 11's, and I couldn't even get my feet in these size 11.
B0058XF0PO Was bad i was sent the wrong size. It's bad ?what do i do now....I asked for 11.5US size / 45UK size but was give a size 9US...That's very bad.. what where they think and more over the spikes nails where not there nor the spike keys?
B0058XF1V2 size doesnt fit The. 9 size which I ordered is too small and very fit.usually us 9 size in other models is very comfortable to me.
B0058XF1V2 it fit perfect like if it was my actual size My size here in the US is 9 but ordered a 9.5 to be sure it was snuggy and roomy for my foot....then I got them and it was too tight, So I exchanged them for a 10 and somehow....it fit perfect like if it was my actual size. I got tons of other shoes with size 9-9.5 so...I dont know if its just the shoe or what.
B0058XF1V2 Nice sneakers, but way too small I wear a size 13 and that is what I ordered, the length was ok, but the width was way way too short.  They seemed like ballerina sneakers they were so tight and small width.  I'm sending them back immediately for my refund.
B0058XF1V2 good product but seems like little bit small I like this this product very much. Everything as expected accept size. I guess i screw up with size.I guess shoe size in my country slightly different than in US:)
B0058XF1V2 buy half size larger LIke with all Pumas, buy half size larger. Other than that, this is a shoe, it fits, has no laces, only Velcro strap that gives a clean look.
B0058XF1V2 Somewhat small This is my size 9.5 but somewhat this were a litle bit thight but they are ok, if u going to buy this shoes try asking a .5 bigger your size
B0058XF1V2 They run even smaller Nice shoe, but it runs even smaller than the reviews indicated, should have gotten a whole size larger, very soft and easy to wear.
B0058XF1V2 My Favorite Shoes The go well with my Jeans even at work.. I love their look and feel. Just order half size bigger than your usual as these are tighter than normal
B0058XF1V2 It runs one size large The shoes look great. They are made of decent material. However, they are a bit too large. I usually wear size 8.5 but I have to downsize to 7.5 for these Puma
B0058XF1V2 Excellent shoe If you want a light weight form fitting shoe...Puma is the shoe for you.  However, I wear a men's size 10.5 and always have to order a 11.5 in Puma.  On occasion, the style of shoe requires me to go up another half size to a men's 12. The main reason is that Puma shoes are very very narrow....so, try one size larger and it should fit fine...but it will feel snug - until it stretches...but it is comfortable.
B0058XF1V2 It was too small I had to change them The shoes were 100% Ok but a little bit too small so I had to send them back, it was not a problem I got the refund
B0058XF1V2 perfect I order this pairof shoes half size than I am, and confortable, grat loking i recomend this one for walking
B0058XF1V2 I love them! I ordered a half a size larger then I normally wear after reading the reviews and they fit perfect. These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I have! I originally got them just for Kung Fu and now I find myself wearing them almost every time I go out!
B0058XF1V2 Be wary about sizing. What you need to know.Pros:1.  The shoe is easy to clean.2.  It looks fairly stylish3.  It hugs your ankle well so it fits to the foot well and isn't loose.4.  It's fairly comfortable not to bad.5.  It's priced fairly good for what your paying.Cons:1.  The shoe materials are some what average, and some parts don't really seem to sturdy in the construction which concerns me already. (The lip in front and sides)2.  SIZING!  I am generally a size 11, however I have a wide foot.  Some people have stated on here it's puma sizing and so you should go a size larger.  This is not correct in my opinion.  First off if you order a size bigger it's simply going to be slightly wider and longer.  However when you put the shoe on, it's going to feel comfortable but your going to have about 3/4 inch extra in the front.  So to correctly get the size that's best for you I recommend only going a size above IF the current size you've been wearing in other shoes is always tight and your toes are cramped in the front of the shoe.  If you find the size your wearing is tight on the sides where the shoe curves in, then just get a wider size.  People have also said that you should order a size larger because it can feel tight on your feet even if it fits, but being the owner of numerous Puma shoes in the past, I've found that after about 1 month the shoes break in and don't feel tight anymore.  So in conclusion if you are normally a size 9,10,11,12 etc then stay with that size and just get a size wider if your concerned about it being a little tight around the curve.  However if your all about maximum comfort then yes go for a size larger so you can have maximum space.
B0058XF60I Pumas Run Small Most Pumas including this model of Trailfox runs small so size up 1/2.  Great mid range trail runner/hiker with neon accents for low light visibility. Need I say more?
B0058XF6JY Bad Design!  Make sure you get one size over your actual size....or ur screwd!! When I first received this item, it was all over "FANCY" website, and looking as though its a hip item to have, I doved in and bought this item.  Upon receiving, the first thing I noticed is that the Tounge portion of the shoes is actually a one piece sewed in together...therefore, you cannot adjust and stuck in trying to fit the shoes to comofort.  Do not buy this product, and if you do, make sure you buy 1 ....one....size over your actual size.  I do like the lightness of the shoes...its super light, and that's about it.  I give this shoe 2 star...for its POOR QUALITY DESIGN......I guest that's what happen when u buy things from CHINA....useless! no Quality oversight! Made in QUANDUNG-CHENG-CHENG-----CHINA! BAD...NO GOOD!  NIHOW!
B0058XF6Q2 Just Great! Great fit and feel.  It seems that Pumas run a little smaller than Adidas, so ordering a half-size larger is a good idea.
B0058XF6Q2 great Everyone compliments me on them they look great... a little smaller than I was expecting because I normally wear a 10.5 and they are a little tight I just know for future refernce to order one size bigger with pumas from now on otherwise everything was great the shipping was quick and they were as described thanks
B0058XF6Q2 ran small Didn't seem true to size. Fit is very snug compared even compared to another size 7 pumas of the same style.
B0058XF6Q2 If You Are Looking for Driving Shoes, Check These Out! These shoes run a bit tight.  For driving, I recommend a half size larger than what you usually wear.  For other uses, you might want a full size larger.The white shoes with the black stripe look exactly like the photos.  I very much like their appearance.The Fast Cat is a high quality driving shoe.  Grip and maneuverability are excellent for driving a manual transmission roadster.  The laces stay tied, even if just single-knotted.  I would not particularly recommend these for hiking or running, because they were designed for other purposes, and they are perfect for taking my Miata through the Blue Ridge Mountains.
B0058XF6Q2 Men's puma fast cat Great shoes. I love them, had to get them a half size bigger to make sure they fit properly. Anyone wanting to buy these should get them a half size bigger
B0058XFAJU too big fits much larger than size 12. it fits almost like a 12.5 or a 13. Definitely buy a half size smaller than your normal size.
B0058XFAMC puma sneakers I love the look , once i tried them on they were very tight&#8230;I ordered a bigger size and now they are too big
B0058XFAMC Puma Drift Cat Best fashion sneakers from Puma. Buy one size larger than your size if you don't want the fit to be like your soccer shoes.
B0058XFAMC Awesome The shoes were great however I ordered the wrong size and had to return them which were promptly refunded and ordered the right size.
B0058XFJTQ Good shoe, wrong sizing. Based on the Puma size chart and the current pair I own, I should have fit the size I ordered, W8.For some reason, these are extremely generous!Like an entire size too large.  Maybe they made it larger to allow for 'hiking socks'?Either way, I had to return them...sigh...
B0058XFP4A PUMA Men's Cell Turin Running Shoe, White/Black/High Risk Red, 9 D US Great Puma shoe for my son.  I know that Puma runs small and ordered it 1 1/2 sizes larger.  A perfect fit if you know they do run small.
B0058XFP86 Love da shoes . . .not the size These Pumas are a fantastic slip-on shoe. Love the color selections as well. The only issue is the size. These shoes tend to run small. I ended up getting a full size up from my usual size. I love the Puma brand and would buy another pair in a heart beat. These shoes were shipped out quick which is always a plus. Thanks. Another happy customer.
B0058XFP86 CHose bigger than your size They have real problem with sizes ..I couldn't wear it even once ..Its good to order the size added 1 or 2 (EUR)
B0058XFP86 TOO TIGHT Great looking shoe but it is so unbending and unyielding that you can't get into itEven with a larger size
B0058XFP86 Watch for size!!! Loved the shoes, they were small but the return was fast and I'm already waiting the new size.I will update in case .5 more is not enough.
B0058XFP86 I like them I should have got a half size larger, my fault. It didn't take too long to break them in. Great shoes and very light.
B0058XFP86 Great shoe I was looking for a shoe to work out in and this seems to be the one.  Some reviews said the shoe is too small when dealing with the size.  I do not think it is the size but the width.  It does tend to fit tighter around the arch, but that could be a good thing.  I believe because I have a narrow foot that this is the reason it doesn't bother me much.  A half size larger could be too big, but it is hard to say without going to a Puma outlet and trying their shoes on for reference.  Other wise, fits nice, and breathes pretty good.
B0058XFP86 Great running shoe The size was one size too small. The shoe felt like a sock with a sole attached. I really like the shoe but the ran out of my size. Very light, did not even feel like shoes on my feet. I would highly recommend, just a larger size.
B0058XFP86 nice great looking shoes great shoes, very well in support, and actually it holds well to my leg as i was worried with it not having any laces,only pointer i need to flag is when buying a puma you would probably better buy it half a size bigger than what you usually wear, but eventually it will stretch out to your size,great shoes :)
B0058XFP86 Look great but be careful when choosing the size if you don't have amazon prime Love the way the shoes look..  Size can be a bit tricky.. try any puma shoe on to get the right before ordering them
B0058XFP86 Not the greatest I purchased two pair of these shoes for my son for school. They run about a half size to a size smaller than other brands of running shoes.I had to send the first pair back for a different size. The rubber on the toe came off after about 3 months of wear. The seams also came apart. He liked them because he likes velcro instead of laces, but the quality isn't there for $70 a piece.
B0058XFP86 Good shoe The only thing I didn't like about this shoe was the size seemed to run a little small. I normally wear an 11 but that was too small. Well built, feels great on your foot and has a good sole. You should get plenty of use, even if you're hard on shoes like me.
B0058XFP86 Easy on, easy off, and fits perfectly I ordered 1/2 size larger since some reviews said Pumas run a little small, and they are perfect. I like the ease of putting on and taking off these shoes...not having to mess with laces. Good cushioning and comfortable fit. They are very new so i assume the fit will only get better. I like them a lot.
B0058XFP86 Don't think twice, very comfortable shoe ! Very comfortable sneaker.Take in mind they are like gloves so consider taking one size more ( even half size more ).
B0058XFP86 Great sneakers This shoe is very comfortable and good looking. I wear a size 12 and had to exchange them for a size 13. It's very snug initially but within hours it conforms to your feet and becomes very comfortable. Buy it. You'll like them too.
B0058XFP86 Its a small i really like the color and the style however, the shoe feels like a size or two smaller than a 13
B0058XFP86 Snug fit and light I bought a half size bigger (11) after reading all of the reviews. I've had these shoes for a couple weeks and worn them a few times. They're a little snug (my foot is pretty wide), but I would still consider them a good solid fit. They're nice and light as well. On one occasion I walked a few miles in them and they felt fine. I'm definitely pleased with the purchase.
B0058XFP86 I like it, but it was too small. I liked the shoes but they were too small, I have returned the ones I ordered and I am currently waiting for the new ones. It is a good shoe by a trusted name.
B0058XFPLS Good I was debating between this and another puma which had similar looks.  Many of the reviews on that one said it ran at least a full size small but none on this one did.  I went a half size up to be safe and it is plenty big length wise so I would say stick with your size for this one.  However, it does feel narrow.  My Dad wears wides but I have never had an issue with regular shoes but these are my first pumas which I hear run narrow.  I have only wore them about 10 seconds so we will see how they test out after the slush outside goes away.  They come in cool eco friendly packaging too.
B0058XFPLS My size was not available during the time of purchase Nice good looking shoe that will fit well if you wear a size 12 1/2 with a heavy athlete sock.
B0058XFXA6 Love this shoe I've had my last pair of NuMostros for over five years.  I was looking for a replacement and found the Mostro line.  Extremely comfortable, easy to put on, take off and they look really good.  These run small for me so I ordered a 12 where I would normally order an 11 or 11.5.
B0058XFXA6 Not true 2 size I ordered many shoes in this style. First time ever I have not been happy with the size. Too late to return them I've worn them a few times thinking it was just me and not the shoe. I'm thinking they may have sent the male size versus the female size. The box does not state male or female to verify.
B0058XFYDC Too Large for size stated! I have had at least 10 pairs of Pumas and always the same size, these are one size too large.  And they aren't that comfortable.  I'll have to put a insole in them.  Love the look and the shipping was extremely fast.
B0058XFYDC Puma old school Wearing size 15 shoe makes finding foot wear a challenging test of comfort and fashion. Normally shoes are basketball or track shoes in my size. Puma does not sell larger size in retail outlets, which is a shame. Nice finding these on Amazon, and the fit perfect and look great. I get compliments on them all the time and people ask wear did I buy them. I intend to get a couple more pairs.
B0058XG1CA I really liked it Comfortable and as shown in the pictures. My normal size is 11.5 and I got 12 as 11.5 is not available. But this size fit me nice and comfy too.. I am using it for daily usage and it does its job well. I would definitely recommend it and am glad that its in Prime
B0058XG7RO excelente Compra Excellent shoe.I usually wear a size 9.5 but this shoe size is a bit smaller so the 10 or 10.5 is my perfect size, has a very interesting way casual 100% recommendation. Excellent seller.
B0058XGDWS Great pair of shoes very happy with my purchase. Very comfortable shoes. Very nice price. Just remember to order a half size up because Pumas run a bit small compared to other brands.
B0058XGI5A Runs small. I searching for a black pair of womens Pumas, I knew they ran small but these were insanely small! Normally I'm an 11.5 N in womens and I ended up with an 11 in mens in these. I put an arch support in them and they're still very uncomfortable, and snug on the sides. The ONLY good thing about them is they look nice for a tennis shoe.
B0058XGI5A Buy larger size Definitely buy a size larger than normal, but otherwise good. Hopefully they'll hold together better than my last pair of pumas.
B0058XGI5A Pumas Run Small Again folks buy your Pumas a half size larger than what you normally wear. Otherwise these are priced well and good shoes.
B0058XGI5A Great but 1/2 size too small I got these for my husband and he loves them!  However, I did have to exchange my original order for a pair that was a 1/2 size larger than his normal shoe size.  When he first got the larger pair, he still found them to be a little snug but Puma's have always been a little narrow in my opinion.  You just have to break them in.  He wears them all the time now.  Thank you, Amazon!
B0058XGI5A Are we even sure this is a puma? I have never had issues with puma shoes before. Hence, I am second guessing myself as to whether this is a puma.CONS1. Fits EXTREMELY too small. I am a 10. I took everyone's advice and went with a half a size larger and it's STILL TOO SMALL.2. The width feels like extra small too.3. The cushioning and sole are not what you'd expect from a puma.4. The stitching, sticking, material looks cheap and not durable.5. Even the laces look cheap.PROS1. It appears it won't last long and you'll feel justified to get another shoes shortly :-o
B0058XGI5A great shoes, just small Great looking shoes. Just to small. I love pumas but just like my Ferrari ones I needed a size larger.
B0058XGI5A not match size I only use puma brand, i use 8 for men, and this size in this item is too small, this item is very thin,very small, i do not like , if you buy this item add one size more in my case i should buy size 9. Really puma brand is exellent quality, only this unisex sizes not match such as only men or women.I hope to help you
B0058XGI5A Beautiful shoes size 14D fits greats for someone who has a size 13 shoe size.  I'll recommend going a size up for a nice and better fit.  Quality of the leather is great and shoes looks very stylish.  Love my Pumas!
B0058XGI5A Pumas run a little small but I accounted for that. I normally wear a size 12 but in pumas I wear a 13.  I love these shoes.  Comfortable, and they look pretty awesome.  10/10 would buy again.
B0058XGI5A Shoes smaller than expected They are too tight on my feet.  Should have gotten one size bigger.  Although I do wear size eleven in many other shoe brands. Now I have shoes that don't fit me and no one to give them to.
B0058XGI5A Seem to run a full size small. I really like the shoes, i just need a half size larger. I ordered a half size larger but they seem to run a full size small.
B0058XGI5A Nice shoe,  you need to buy half a size larger Cool design, but you need to buy half a size larger. (I purchased chocolate / brown / black / fossil color)
B0058XGI5A great shoe I love these pumas they are comfortable and I find them very appealing. I will say that you need to buy half a size larger than you normally wear. I'm a 10.5 but, this is my second pair of pumas and I've had to get an 11 both times.
B0058XH1F6 Very comfortable! Really fast delivery from Amazon (as usual) and they are not only very comfortable but good looking. Wish their color selection was bigger.Oh, I took a chance and ordered an 8 1/2 med. since this was the closest to my size 8, and they fit perfect. So they must run a little smaller to-size.
B0058XH4L2 Run small I am usually a 7.5 or 8 but these do run small. Needed to return. Didn't reorder as they weren't as supportive for a long big-city morning commute as i'd hoped. Ended up splurging on Danskos instead.
B0058XH4L2 Run small These are cute shoes they just run a half size small. I would have exchanged them but that was not an option.  Maybe because it was on one of the daily deal?
B0058XH4L2 Get a bigger size! They are super cute but I can't wear them because they are too small and hurt. Get a bigger size!
B0058XH4L2 too small too small to be a size 7previously I  bought same size in gray color and they fitted perfectbetter luck next time.
B0058XH4L2 Very comfortable This shoe runs small. Purchase a 1/2 size larger than normal. I own 3 pair in different colors and highly recommend.
B0058XH4L2 Fun Shoes! I read the other reviews before ordering.  I typically wear a 9, but ordered a half size larger.  Ordering a half size larger was the right route to go. The 9.5 fit perfect.  I think it is a cute shoe. They are comfy and like having a casual shoe that I can pair with jeans.
B0058XH4L2 Cute, but... There's slightly more support and definitely more sole cushioning with this shoe than with many flats. And the colors are appealing. (I chose the Lime to match an outfit.) However, this shoe style seems to run just a bit less than a half size small. The problem with going with the next half size up is that then stitching all around the top tends to rub more, particularly in heel. I always wear a 6.5 but went with the 7 figuring I could add something if it proves uncomfortable.
B0058XH4L2 LOVE the shoe HATE the size The inside of the heel is stiff and the whole thing runs narrow - even though I have this exact item in 5 other colors THIS one cut holes in my heels in 15 minutes.  I ended up having to pay $15 to get them stretched out.  Make sure you can send them back - I should have worn them indoors first instead of outside, otherwise I would have sent them back for a half-size larger.
B0058XH4L2 1/2 a size too big depending on color I ordered both the rose color and the shiny black one in a size 7 from Puma. The black one is so snug that my feet sweat. The rose color one is actually 1/2 a size larger (no kidding, I put them side by side). With this one, I can feel my heel is becoming irritated from just walking around the house to try out the shoe.
B0058XH4SA OK! Lightweight, Comfortable and Stable OK! These Pumas fit my needs. They are stable and give ankle and foot support. They are lightweight and flexible. They are not gaudy to the point of looking ridiculous. I find them great for jogging, but they would not be good for walking or for casual wear to the mall. The shape of the sole is designed to roll with the running foot, so they are not suited for walking or everyday use. One caveat:  I wear size medium 9 or 9 1/2, although 9 1/2 is a bit long for my foot. Still, I ordered 9 1/2, thinking my feet might expand a bit after a long, pounding run on hot pavement. Good idea, in theory, anyway. Bad idea with these shoes. 9 1/2 is too small. They are tight as soon as I put them on at daybreak to go jogging. I have never bought any shoe or boot in size 10, but if I could order again, I would order size 10.
B0058XH56Q shoes size smaller than expected. Someone say Puma size is smaller than others actual size. Might be true for me in this case. I ordered 91/2R (all my sneakers are 91/2), however its like kickin' in my butt cant stand for longer than 30'.  Get a pair of 10 n its fits right in.
B0058XH5D4 Nice. First I'll tell you, since no one else really said, the color is awesome! I got the teaberry red/flouresent peach and they look like the picture.Every other review said to get a size bigger so I went up half a size and I was a little disappointed because I didn't need to. But, they fit and I don't feel like messing with exchanging them.Another thing everyone said is they don't have a tongue and I didn't understand at the time, but they really don't! It doesn't really bother me, I just didn't know what they meant. Also, they are a little heavy compared to other running shoes I have, but again this doesn't bother me too much. One last thing, if you like shoes that feel like they are on your feet, these might not be the ones for you. On the side of my heel they only go up an inch and a half, which makes me feel like I'm going to fall out of them, but one again I'll get used to it.Over all, they are pretty sweet. I don't see any reason to return them and they were the right price. I hope this helps! =)
B0058XH5D4 Size up If you wear a half size I suggest ordering up. I usually always were an 8.5 but I had to go up to a 9 and they fit great. Love the color and fit.
B0058XH5D4 Nice but run a little small These look great but run a little small. I probably would have fit more comfortable with a half size bigger. They still look very nice though and are comfortable after being worn a couple of times.
B0058XH5D4 Great! Comfy! Cute! I love these shoes! They are sooo comfortable and make my time at the gym great. I wear a size 7 normally but these sneakers I had to get it in an 8. I don't really have wide feet but I say they run small so get a size up. I am glad I was finally able to get comfy sneakers that look good! I recommend them for those who run/workout.
B0058XH5D4 Disappointed The shoe size runs extremely small - I ended up giving the shoes to my grand daughter who wears 2 sizes smaller than self.  Was such a let down that the size was so small.
B0058XH5D4 Really run small I loved the look of these running shoes and the price. The only trouble with them: I ordered the size I wear in running shoes and  they were too small. They were not available in a larger size. The problem is the tongue is sewed to the shoe and that makes it really hard to put on and very tight after you get them on.
B0058XH5D4 Matches with everything Anything you are going to wear to the gym these shoes are a perfect match. They fit very snug so I would order a half size bigger. Not a great running shoe, maybe because they are so tight. Other than that I would highly recommend.
B0058XH5D4 Size run SMALL I don't recommend ordering online, unless you've tried them on at a store first. I sadly had to return my size 8 for a refund.  Would have enjoyed them, if they fit.  Purchased for $43 (Amazon sale),  normally $80.  I would NEVER pay $80 for any shoe.
B0058XH5D4 They were too small Theses shoes looked awesome but were too small, they are a half size too tight. Returned them and they sent me a larger size (in a different color) without any hassle.
B0058XH5D4 Nice shoes, but they run small. I can always rely on the fact that I wear a size 7. The tongue of these shoes is attached to the side of the shoe. Therefore, it makes it rather difficult to get your foot in the shoe if you have thicker socks (or an ankle brace) on. After being worn a few times they losen up a bit. I did order a 7 but I probably could have gone with a 7 1/2. If you have a wider foot (even in the slightest) I would certainly order a size up.
B0058XH5D4 Hard sole The shoes flopes are too small.  My feet are not small enough to fit in.  The sole are too hard.
B0058XH5D4 Runs Small These hurt my feet as soon as I put them on. Even after working out in them a few times, they still feel a bit snug. I'd recommend getting a half or full size up for better comfort.
B0058XH5D4 These run small! These sneakers run quite small, I had to go up a full size larger.  Normally, I am a 7.5 to an 8, but for these sneakers I had to send them back and buy a 9!!  Otherwise, very comfortable, and super attractive.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes - runs a little small. These Pumas look great, but they do run a little small.  I'm hoping to stretch them a little.  Still, an awesome product.  Love the colors.
B0058XH5D4 Love! These shoes are very comfortable! I ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear (I've had pumas before that ran small) and they're perfect. The only reason I gave 4 stars is the tongue area is a little tight. Love the color and would definitely order in other colors!!
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe, a little on the small side though. I have never gotten Puma shoes before, but really wanted a pair for a while. Finally Amazon had a sale, and I was all for it. I got the pink/coral color ones, they are absolutely cute! One minor thing tho, in all shoes I normally get size 9, never have I ever had to gone up a size in shoes. The thing about these shoes, is the tounge part of the shoe (under the laces) it attached to the shoe, it's hard to explain. I actually had my boyfriend wear them around for 10-15 mins and run around with them so they can stretch out and now they fit fine. I would of went up a 1/2 size, but didn't want to go through the hassel of exhanging/returning. Other than that, there super cute and comfy!
B0058XH5D4 good shipping time, good quality shoe, but i got these for my daughter and when i opened them i thought they looked a little big so i checked the size..they were seven and a half like they were suppposed to be but when i held them up against my eight and a half nike they were almost the same size! very hard to tell the difference. also i didnt realize the tongue was fixed in place so if you have a wider foot they would be harder to get on. but she loves the look and the comfort of the shoe so we kept them anyway and we are happy
B0058XH5D4 Good Deal Love the shoes sizes run small and tight.Be sure to order a size largerPerfect Purple Color! Good Value!
B0058XH5D4 Stylish athletic shoe Bought the pink & purple version while they were on sale because I was looking for an obnoxiously colorful workout shoe, and these fit the bill. They are bright, and I get many compliments on them.  I bought mine a half size bigger (like alot of other posts say), but I always buy my workout shoes a half size larger anyhow, so I was confused as to whether to go a full size up or not, I took a chance and just went with my usual half size up and I'm happy I did, they fit well adn very roomy in the toes.  There is not enough arch support for my arch, but I still find them comfortable after a 2 hour workout.  Wish there was a bit more padding in the soles though, that's the reason for the 4 stars.  Definately satisfied with the shoe, would buy other colors just for leisure wear.
B0058XH5D4 Running shoes These shoes run very small. I went up a half size and they were still too small. Very boxy construction of the shoe.
B0058XH5D4 Comphy , but a little stiff I think I just need to break them in. I ordered a size up, based on the previous reviews. Good for walking.
B0058XH5PM Size was off Pumas vary too much in thier size. Unfortunately these were way too large for me. And the style of slip on doesn't allow you to tighten the shoe around your foot
B0058XH5PM not bad it was somewhere tight at the begining,and i felled hurt at my toes.but afer a week later,i felled better.i should buy a half bigger size and my regular.
B0058XH5PM Had to send back the first pair and order a second a half size larger Great shoe, almost as comfy as a bedroom slipper. But it's sized small, and ordering a half size larger is wise. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that it isn't offered in all white. Failing that, the gray stripe is the least obtrusive design.
B0058XH5PM Get it while you can! I have a few pairs of Puma sneakers, and there all very comfortable.  One thing I can you is that you is that I typically have to get Puma's a half size bigger because they run small.  And I have this pair in black and white because I like them so much and so comfortable and very sporty!
B0058XH5PM Larger size than normal was needed for me. Shoe was smaller in size than laced up pumas of same type. Will need a larger size for a comfortable fit. Sent back. Will order larger size.  I love these shoes, for some reason a larger size is needed.
B0058XH5PM Very Happy.... .....really nice sneaker. In my opinion Puma seems to size their footware about a half size smaller than "normal". I am somewhere between an 11 and an 11 1/2 so knowing this I ordered a 12. Perfect! I think they also run on the narrow side just a little bit, which makes for a better fit. Keeping this info in mind when ordering may help you decide which size to order. Ordering shoes/sneakers online can be tricky and simply a pain in the neck in the event you have to return for an exchange. I appreciate when people take the time to write a review that helps others decide if it's going to be a good purchase for them, I'm returning the favor. Hope this helps. Bottom line is it's a great looking sneaker that fits well. Laces are overrated. LOL! I was skeptical to order the White/Princess Blue color for obvious reasons. Not sure who the marketing genius was that thought it would be a good idea to call Royal Blue Princess Blue but I'm sure it has scared away anyone who might have his masculinity questioned for ordering such a color combination. LOL! I might just go ahead and order the White/Black pair too, providing they don't decide to go ahead and call it White/My Little Pony Black or anything.
B0058XH5PM Go a Half Size larger than you need These fit about a half size too small. I'm a 12 in every style of shoe, except, apparently, these. Should have ordered the 12.5.
B0058XH5PM great shoes very comfortable and stylish but run a bit tight so buy a larger size, definitely would buy again. love pumas
B0058XH5PM very cool! I went the half-size larger and they fit perfectly..after about 2 days of wearing them--the stiffness had subsided. luv em!
B0058XH854 Looked good ran small they seemed to be fine.. had to send back though because they were a bit too small, but I am sure that being a Puma they would have been great
B0058XHCDM Purchase half size up This sneaker is very sleek but tends to fit on the narrow side.  My suggestion is to order a half size bigger than your usual shoe size.  I usually wear a 7.5B US but ordered a size 8.0B US and it was more roomier and allows me to wear socks.
B0058XHCDM runs small Other reviewers have said it, and I agree.  This shoe runs half a size too small, and is very narrow.
B0058XHD86 Love the flp flop Very comfortable and fits perfectly. I got a half size bigger than I normally wear and they still fit very nicely. I would order again.
B0058XHD86 Very True to Size These flippy floppies are SUPER comfortable. And I love the colors! I have the white/green ones and the pink/grey ones. I wear puma tennis shoes and the 10.5 fits me perfectly, so I ordered the 10.5 flops as well. They fit, but they are made to fit perfectly to a 10.5 size foot. So if you're like me and like to wear flops a little big, get a size bigger than what you need. The 10.5 still fit and I don't think I'm going to get the bigger size, but I'll have to break them in a bit before they fit the way I like. They are great though, and seem really durable. Worth every penny.
B0058XHD86 Love these sandals (fits half size smaller to true shoe size) I love these flip flops! Very simple, comfortable and cute. They fit about 1/2 size smaller than true shoe size though. For example, I'm a size 8 in all other shoes, but these sandals size 7 1/2 fit perfectly!
B0058XHEBM Run too small The shoes are TOO SMALL,  and I even asked for half a size bigger than what I wear!!  This is the second pair of PUMA that I have to give to my sons because they are too small!!! I will Never buy PUMA again on line.
B0058XHEBM Great shoes! Can't go wrong with the Romas. Pumas run slightly small so I ordered a 1/2 size larger and they fit fine.
B0058XHEBM Nice and Comfy! These shoes have nice styling and are comfortable.I ordered the size I normally wear for Puma's Whirlwind and Fast Cat, however this one was actually a bit too large, so I had to bring it down a half-size.Thanks Amazon for letting me return and exchange it hassle free!
B0058XHEBM Make sure to get a larger size Pros:- reasonable price- appearance- pretty comfortable (although not as soft as the Puma Whirlwind)Cons:- Sizing runs small. I normally wear a 9 but they were too small and I ended up giving them away. Make sure you get at least a half size larger than your usual if not more.
B0058XHEBM Puma Shoes Puma shoes are great, only one thing that bother's me is the way they size the shoe.  I wear a 10.5 I had to get an 11 which is fine but a 11.5 would probably be better.  If you order this shoe, be sure and go one size bigger.
B0058XHEBM Great shoes Bought a half size larger as others suggested and they fit perfect.  Wearing them on vacation - perfect walking shoe.
B0058XHEBM Good old Pumas I've worn Pumas since High School - a very long time - and still like them.  These are the classics.  Pumas always seem to run small so get at lest a half size if not a whole size larger.
B0058XHEBM Need to make wider sizes!!! Wanted a wider size and thought the D/ M would fit but it didn't therefore sent them back and contuine to look for the large size. NO WHERE TO BE FOUND.If and when I find the wider size ill then be able to give a better opinion about the shoe.On the quest!
B0058XHEBM Great shoe but small This shoe run pretty tight for my size so get a size bigger . . . . . . .
B0058XHEBM So light , I feel like I'm floating.... These fit me perfectly and are a true size 14.....Many are shorter and closer to a size 13....Not these... A perfect fit and they feel so light and comfortable...I haven't worn Puma's in years but I'll begin wearing them again after this purchase...
B0058XHEBM I'm wrong in size I'm wrong on the size, I think due order a size larger, maybe 8 , well err is human just cost me some money, but omitting that the shoe is comfortable sumamendo when walking
B0058XHEBM Comfortable good looking shoes Pumas always run one side smaller than other brands.  I normally get a 12 and puma size 13 fits as expected.  These shoes are very comfortable.
B0058XHEBM Love this Shoes! I read a lot of the reviews already made for these boots by other customers, the one recommendation i saw a lot, was to order half size larger than the actual size you want.And i want to highlight that recommendation, because i did that when ordering the sneakers, and the fit couldn't be more perfect.The sneakers are beautiful.
B0058XHEBM too small I like the product but it doesn't fit the size acording to your size chart and i would like to change it for a size 8 or 8.5 because i think by the size of the shoes it must be two size bigger for fit correctly
B0058XHEBM Puma shoe The fit it slightly small, but that was the size I ordered and it still fits. I really like the Roma style Puma's and am very happy with this purchase as well. Now my Puma outfit is complete with, jacket, t shirt, sweat pants and shoes. I am very pleased.
B0058XHEBM Shoes are tight These must run small, should have ordered a half size larger, narrow width as well. rating should NOT require a minimum number of words.
B0058XHO94 Pumas classics Well, for starters, I ordered the wrong size. So I returned them and received the correct size with no hassle and with very quick shipping. Overall it was very simple and pleasant!
B0058XHY3K Still no running shoes. The shoes aren't too bad for the amount paid but I'm unable to wear them because they are 1 size too small... Who's is funny because u just ordered another pair of shoes at the same time and they fit perfectly.Little hint for future buyers... Go a size up.
B0058XHY3K Best tennies and overall walking shoes I tend to run between 8 1/2 and 9 and shoe size, so I usually have a pair in each size. I absolutely adore these shoes and have amassed seven pairs so far!0
B0058XHY3K Classic, BUT BUY A SIZE LARGE! Great color, love the turbulence grey. As with all puma get a size up. I'm a 9 in converse, a 9 1/2 in regular shoes, and a PERFECT fit in size 10 puma. Hope that helps, I know a lot of you have the classic converse so just get a full size larger than that and you should be good to go unless your feet are ultra wide. If your feet are really wide avoid puma shoes you will not get along.
B0058XIHF4 Size runs small This shoe runs a 1/2 size too small so I will be returning it.  Although I ordered the size I always wear and the shoe size is not true, Amazon ischarging for the return.  My advice if you want to buy shoes online is to doublecheck the return policy.  I would have kept the shoes if they fit.
B0058XIVRS comfy These are the most comfy shoes ever. Not only are they awesome looking, but they feel like they you are walking barefoot. They run a little small so I will suggested getting a half size bigger.
B0058XIVRS just okay Shoe is okay...but not true to size....about a half size to small ......don't like the bulky sole .......and to tight over arch
B0058XIVRS Size is a quite small I bought size 39 cause I read this shoe was small size (I'm usually fit 38 - 38.5), but the shoe is almost one size smaller. Other than that is a nice shoe
B0058XIVRS osu sneakers I love the sneakers but I need to get them in a bigger size unless I wear them with very thin socks. Even then them are snug. I have actually gotten a pair of mens in my size and they are fine.
B0058XIVRS Runs on small side but wearable I like the shoe but it is on the small side.  I ordered another pair in a different style one size up. (9b instead of 81/2b)
B0058XIVRS wonderful!! u will not be disappointed in this product!! i keep ordering different colors because i love the OSU fit and style.. i order about a half size bigger however so one may want to take that into consideration when ordering. other than that, this is one of my favorite products!! one of my favorite shoe styles! and it is puma so how can you go wrong?!
B0058XIVRS Great Shoes I haven't bought a new pair of shoes in a while. I read the reviews and decided to order a 1/2 size smaller. I'm normally an 8 and ordered a 7.5, glad I did, they fit great.  So Comfy!  Someone else said they are like walking on a cloud, I would say that is pretty close to true.
B0058XJ9VK Runs large for a Puma Puma is a brand that tends to run small. I ordered my regular dress shoe size of 8.5, which usually seems a bit snug for me in a Puma. Unfortunately, this pair of Pumas were far too large, in both length and width. The heel also was large for me, a first for me in a Puma. The 8.5M sneaker felt more like a 9C or more on my foot. Those who usually wear Pumas will need to order down from their usual size.Regardless, it's a nice sneaker that looks and feels a lot like the Keds brand. I like the extra room at the vamp. I might try it again in a smaller size. Unfortunately, I'm not certain how much I'd need to go down. I wear a 8.5M in the Puma Zandy, and I just love that shoe - own 2 pairs of them. But this shoe, I think I'd wear a full size down.This Puma style is one that you have to try before buying. Thankfully, Amazon offered free returns.
B0058XJJ88 so comfy i can walk in these shoes the ENTIRE day. my go-to for exploring the city and travel abroad with the added plus of being stylish - love this version of charcoal and pink (though not as fuschia looking as in the photos...more like a pinkish-coral). i also bought a half size bigger than my normal size.
B0058XKUMM Too small Runs small.  Order next size up.  These were very small.  Looked great though.  Wish they fit.  Great quality.  Did not have correct size.  Very disappointing.
B0058ZYXFA what I expected fine, fits.  Pumas run small so I ordered 1/2 size bigger, even a full  size more than some shoes. that is all I have to say
B005901IP2 Too small Not true to size. I had to return it because it was completely unwearable in my size. I couldn't even just try to wear it out.
B00593G5NO Love these!!! As soon as I put these on the first time, I immediately regretted not buying more than one pair at the Black Friday sale price. These are SO NICE and comfy!! excellent quality material, and though I've only washed them once so far, they seem to be very well made.Sizing: I wear a plus size (usually size 16), and I'm also kind of short (5'3"), so I was a little concerned about the XL being too small as some top brands sometimes run, or too long for me to wear since there was no info I could find about the inseem. But they fit great! Sure, they are a bit long, and don't end at my ankles like the model in the photo, but the way they are cut is perfect so that even if you're a bit shorter than average, they fit nicely with shoes on and don't trail around on the floor, or require hemming.I highly recommend this product. Would buy it again for sure.
B00593XYN8 SMALL FIT!! Fit small! Supposedly theyre 0-3 months , my son is 9 weeks and i think these will be to small next week
B00594CZLO Indeed Great Casual Shoe I ordered a size 13 and these were a tad bit loose because I actually wear 12.5 and shoe makers seem to have something against that size! So they are sized about perfect but I have ordered 2 other pairs of Pumas in size 13 the last few years and they fit me perfect...  Anyways I just wear 2 pairs of socks and the shoes fit perfect thankfully. They look like they have a Velcro strap but they are just slip-ons. I ordered the color Burnt Olive/Black Coffee and they were a little more green than in the picture. The Corduroy looks great.  Overall excellent deal for the price I paid(about $35) with free shipping from Amazon.
B00594DGMQ Sizes Run Small I bought a size 13 for my fiance` but his feet, I guess, were too big for their size 13. We ended up selling it.
B00594F444 Cute shoe - runs a little big I have had several different pair of Puma fashion sneakers over the years, and I have always had to get a size 11. I ordered a size 11 in these and they were way too big. I debated whether to go down 1/2 or a full size and ultimately decided to get the 10 1/2. I'm glad I did because it fits just as I like. I prefer to wear these with no socks which leaves me with a little extra room but not so much that they're slipping off. And if I ever did want to wear a thin sock, there's definitely room. I got the 'ebony' color which looks just like it does in the photo - sort of shimmery grey/grey-blue leather combo with a black strap across the top of the foot. The shimmer is a nice touch and isn't over-the-top at all.
B00595JO44 Awesome! These shoes are just what I expected.  They are pretty comfortable, and the color is great (If you like LA Lakers purple / yellow).  I normally wear a size 12, and these size 12's fit me fine.
B00595JOOY If you can try on first, at a local store. Size:If you can try on first, at a local store. I have been size 12 for years by now, and most of my shoe are puma shoes. I always read that you should take them one size bigger cuz most PUMA shoes are narrower than the average shoe,but I have never had any problem. However, for the first time i actually felt that the shoe was slightly Larger (instead of smaller) than my other shoes. It has a narrow weight, but that didn't affect wide feet, and a longer pointy length. My feet are normally wider and that is why I am a size 12. So since I had no problem with the wide it ended up being a bit bigger than expected because of its pointy style. Although, they fit ok I should have selected 11.5 size.Shoe:Awesome, shoe for both casual and a bit more formal wear. I wish puma made more similar style shoes like this. Very conformable to.
B00595JOOY Too small the shoes have a slim fit, my husband does not have wide feet, and these were still too small, disappointing.
B00595JOOY TOO LARGE I TRY TO REPLACE IT BUT WAS NO SIZE 9 TOO LARGE, I TRY TO REPLACE IT BUT WAS NO SIZE 9 ANYWAY I WILL KEEP IT  I THINK THEY PUT WRONG SIZE ON WRONG SNEAKERSTHANKS
B00595JOOY Love Puma Always remember to buy a size bigger in Puma, as they run small.Cool as hell, looking shoe.  Great for light comfort on nights on the town.
B00595JOOY AWESOME! but get a slighter larger size I love it, my fave shoes ever. Will have to wait an see how durable they are. I'm concerned that they will wear out easilyYou should definitely get 0.5 size higher than your usual foot size, which I did and it fits great.
B00595JOOY Looks great but size is bit small Looks great but size is bit small, go for an size higher than your usual size. Worth the money! I love it!
B00595JOOY Fits Exact. TOO EXACT (Buy 1/2 size Larger or 1 Size Up If Intend to use for long periods of time) I would recommend buying a 1 Size Up if you intend to Use this shoe on a day to Day as it is an EXACT Fit. Come to think of it, I use this for work and I would recommend buying a Size Up. I had to put plasters on the back of my feet the first couple times using this shoe, making its way. well i still have to use it but i know this is only because it is NEW. so Consider A Size up or atleast 1/2. I use Size 13.UPDATE:Ok so I can no Longer Use these! They were indeed tight but I thought hey They'll Fix up EventuallyThat did not happen. One side is actually Tighter than the other due to a slight difference at the back. (heel). the other side is very snug and tight, this I can work with. I cannot wear these shoes for more than 35 minutes before the tighter side (Right) irritates the back of my foot leaving it RED! and aching. the other side(Left) however feels normal just Really Exact.I Really Wish I could give this shoe 5 Stars as I Previously Did but I'm Going to have to Take out 1.5 Star Leaving it at 3 Stars total Due to the Sizing and Inequality of the Pair.Other than that: These Shoes are BEAUTIFUL! From the time you put them on Its just a whole level of "Awesome". had they been the right size they too would be very comfortable. narrow but comfortable.There was no way that I could return these as I live in the Caribbean and shipping is VERY EXPENSIVE so I'm at a Major Loss Here.
B00595JOOY stylish and confortable From my previous purchases of Puma's shoes I knew I had to order a size bigger than my actual size and that worked in this case. This pair of shoes are very stylish/trendy and show craftsmanship and quality from upper to sole. If you figure out the correct size for your feet, they'll fit like a glove.
B00595JOOY Sizes run smaller than other sneakers I Had never seen this sneaker up close but they looked pretty cool in the pictures.  I normally wear a size 9.5 so I decided to lean on the safe side and ordered size 10.  They look great but did not fit as loose as I expected but will work if I wear some thin socks.
B00595JOOY run small so order one size up just got 'em, so don't know too much. seem nice. Had to send back the original order because they run small.
B00595JOOY fit have other Puma's that seem to fit at 10.5, but this pair large at that size.  waiting on 10's to see if they fit.  shoes look good though.
B00595JOOY Exellent Sneaker but de size too small I really love these shoes, the design is beautiful and very comfortable to work. Also they are very formal and can go through shoes. The only thing you have bought half recomenaria largest number of their numbers because they are small
B00595JOOY Beautiful,  yet tight I've ordered these shoes on the internet, size 12.I only wear size 12 with no previous missfits.When arrived, shoes were too tight and unfurtinately I had to ship them back. (At my own expense as I ship intenationaly...) Shame there is no width option selection for this shoe.
B00595JOOY Looks really sleek but tore up my feet because it was too small Looks really sleek but tore up my feet because it was too small. Definitely buy the next size up from your normal shoe.
B00595JOOY Fits small, but Husband loves them in correct size Ordered my husband's regular size 11 and they were too small. So we ordered 11.5 and they fit better. They are still a little tight around the widest part of his foot. He doesn't have wide feet, just normal/medium width feet. That aside, he really likes how they look. He got them in black and brown.
B00595JOOY Be sure about your size b4 you order this shoes I loved how it looks.The only one thing you should keep in mind is to order the correct size, As I ordered it with my puma sports shoes in mind & it is a bit large for my foot. I would suggest to order a half size smaller than your sports shoes as its a leather shoe & without shoelace. So eventually it will fit you comfortably after you wear it a couple of times.As far as you sure about your size this shoe looks amazing & very comfortable to wear..
B00595JOOY Excellent Great as both casual and dress.Well built and if as durable as my other puma will be long lasting.Consider ordering a half size bigger than usual as some people have found them to have a close fit
B00595JOOY Awesome!! Very comfortable, and am getting the brown one as well.I can't wait to get it.What I like the most is the comfort, I normally wear size 10, but, size 11 was what I ordered, bcus I learnt to order it slightly higher.
B00595JOOY Awesome ! Great shoe just wrong size . I can't wait , for the proper size to be delivered! Great style I might have to get every color!
B00595JOOY Great Value - Runs Slightly Small - Good price, especially with Amazon's Black Friday discount.- Runs a tad small. Probably would have gotten 0.5 size larger had I known, but hopefully they'll stretch out and fit better in time.
B00595JOOY Get at least one size larger It's not what showing on the pics.I usually get size 8 but when I got this one on size 8 it was way small .Uncomfortable and too tight.Totally unhappy with this purchase.
B00595JOOY Wrong size... I have a small feet, I wear size 6 1/2 and 7, I bought size 7 on this one, it's too too small, I can't even put half of my foot in the shoe....I think they need to relabel the sizes....
B00595JOOY Snug fit Fit is a bit snug, but not uncomfortable. Great for casual Fridays at work. If you don't want a snug fit, order a half size up.
B00595JOOY good choice After reading all the posted reviews I decided to purchase this item one size bigger than my fit. The fit is a perfect fit so anyone buying this shoe should buy a size larger.
B00595JOOY size The shoes were nice, in great condition.  But, the size did not match the item I baught.  They were too small.  I ordered at 9.5 and they were 8.5.  I didn't complain, and I baught a new pair of shoes.
B00595JOOY Great Shoe - Runs Small The Puma Vedano V are a Great Look. The shoes do run a little on the small side. Ordered a 11.5 (My Size). However, found that I must wear thin socks to fit without too much discomfort. I would recommend a size larger due to the toes being narrow.The heel has a great comfort with extra cushion, I was very surprised by this and love it. While I was hoping to use as a Dress Sneaker for Work, I felt that the Velcro did not lay perfectly flat and the overall look is best for wearing out as casual wear with jeans.Yes, I would order these shoes again. However, for the Casual Dress Look.
B00595JOOY Puma Men's Vedano Leather Fashion Sneaker Really nice shoes. The size is a bit mis-leading, PUMAS typically run smaller than advertised. The UK sizes are the ones (in my opinion) that are closer to the acurate size. My shoe size is about a 14.5 in US sizes, that is a 13 to 13.5 in the UK. I can wear a US size 14 comfortably in other shoes, but not always in PUMA.
B00595JOOY 1/2 size too small but still wearable. Love the shoes but they are about 1/2 size too small but still wearable.They look better than on the web site. Cool looking.
B00595JOOY A Great Dressier Slip On Sneaker These look great, a little dressier than the Puma Tergament I have. They come a little small, order a 1/2 size bigger than what you normally wear.
B00595JOOY Great pair of shoes Purchased these shoes online. Received them in four days. Shoes are beautiful to look at and fit comfortably. But please be warned they run small. I normally wear US11.5 but I ordered a US12 and they fit perfectly. So I recommend buying a half size up.
B00595JOOY Good Quality but Too Small The shoe is beautiful in design and quality but is much smaller than the size indicated. I wear a 10.5 and bought a size 11. Should have gone to size 11.5.
B00595JOOY Wish they come with wider size I wish they come with wider width,it's kind of tight...but over all,like the style. Shipping was fast.If they do have my size,i will order again.
B00595JOOY Does Run Small Nice, comfortable sneaker.  I read they run small, so I ordered a 1/2 size larger.  The reviews were correct, I should have ordered a full size larger.
B00595JOOY Runs small I really like this shoe. It's kind of square toed in front, but very comfortable.  It runs small, but I'm not sure whether it's one size too small or a full size. Good thing returns are easy through Amazon
B00595JOSK Great shoe just order a size bigger Read some of the reviews about this great looking shoe. I normally wear size ten but I ordered a size bigger and it fit perfectly. Great shoe at a really good price ..
B00595PMRM Same Puma Roma's I Love These are the same shoes I remember wearing when i was a teen. They do run narrow, so buy a half size larger than what you normally wear. It does take some time to break in the shoes. They are comfortable and very classic, the gum on the bottom sole makes this shoe stands out.
B00599CWYO Ordered a half size larger than I wear and am very happy ! Most comfortable running shoe Ive had in a long time. Great on the trails or street.  Very stylish for those who care about style.
B00599DBJO Should've purchased a 1/2 size bigger I'm a size 11 and I purchased a size 11 but realized immediately when I put my foot in that I should've gone a 1/2 size bigger.  I love the color, the style; sizes run narrow, the product description should've implied this so that customers have the choice to purchase a 1/2 size or 1 full size bigger.
B00599E1GQ The size does not fit as indicated Before buying I checked the size but were very small and narrow. I should have considered the views of the other buyers are like criterion.
B00599E1GQ Good but small When received the shoes looks good quality, i order the size that i am, but this shoes was small even being the size i wear, i had to give it to my brother, i recommend to buy one more size that you are.
B0059BI3Z4 I love the design and colors Odered my size, but had to send them back because they were too small.  Got a 1/2 size larger and the fit is good.  Comfortable, but stiff. I'm told they will fit like a glove when they are broken in. But I bought them because the style and colors just jumped out at me.
B0059BJES4 Runs Way Too Big These shoes are really cute, and they are packaged well. They also seem pretty comfy. Unfortunately they run about an entire size too big. I am a size 9 in women's in every other pair of shoes that I own (and I own a lot of shoes), but in these the size 9 was about an inch too big for my foot. Now I have to go through the trouble of returning. I'm still excited to get my exchange though, because they do look really cute. I would just really recommend going about an entire size down from whatever you normally wear.
B0059BJES4 Great Shoes I absolutely love these shoes! Before this pair, I bought some DC's that can't compete with the Puma's when it comes to the comfort. I usually wear a size 7.5, but for the Puma's I would recommend to order 1 full size up. I ordered the size 8 at first and they were to snug so I had to return them for a 8.5. Size 8.5 fits perfect and I will see if I can find these in other colours!
B0059BJF7E Comfort and fashion pop Light as a feather, good for your feet, and the pop of color is perfect with all the black I wear! For the airport, yoga, running around...have gotten tons of compliments, but the best part is how they feel. Order 1/2 size bigger as Puma runs a bit small.
B0059BJF7E Best low profile shoe Super stylish, low profile and very comfortable. I bought them a half size too big and I'm glad that I did. They fit perfectly. So I would recommend buying a half size bigger
B0059BJT8O ontime This product came early and was exactly as it said it would be.  It was a shame that I ordered the wrong size, but returning was easy, I plan on re-ordering in the right size.
B0059CGGYS PUMA Better quality of Puma pant very excellentBut size is too large "m", such as "L"I have purchased another one size "S" .... I have not got yet!I hope that is just perfect for me
B005ADOKS0 Sizes run a little small The quality of the t- shirt was fine, I was surprised about the size. It was really small; it was intended for a birthday present, but it would not fit, so I ad to purchase something else. considering the cost of the item as well as the end result I was a little disappointed.
B005B2H1FE A woman wear I wear these to my sons football games to go with his teams colors and they are very comfortable.  I ordered a small size the shoes would fit a size 7 on a woman and worked perfect for me.
B005BBADW8 Love'em I took the risk of buying them even though I worried they might be just half a size too small, but I've been wearing them since I got them and they are super comfy and look great!
B005BBADW8 These are adorable! I normally wear a size 8 but ordered an 8.5 based on the other reviews.8.5 had a little room, but were still fine.I liked them so much I ordered another color in a size 8.  I can't tell too much difference between the 8 and 8.5.They are a wonderful mesh material so they are SUPER comfortable.Great purchase.
B005BBADW8 Sweet The shoe is what i expected, because Puma makes such great products. Good support nice and firm.  And the shoes is cut a little small so I scored a half size larger. And the price was on the money. The price was a bonus, worth so much more. I would purchase these shoes again.
B005BBADW8 Super cute I have owned a pair of Puma Anjans for about 7-8 years, and I LOVED them. I saw these online and had to have them. I typically always wear a size 9 (my old Puma Anjans were a 9, too) so I ordered the size nine and they were a little too small. I kept them, hoping they would stretch out and they have a little bit.These shoes are very comfortable (aside from the tightness). One complaint would be that I wore them to school one day when it was raining and I fell flat on my butt. They don't have great traction. Hopefully this will improve with time/wear. I would still recommend these shoes, but might suggest potential buyers to order a half size larger than they normally would.
B005CAYLM6 Careful with sizing... When buying this, careful of the sizing. If you intend on buying your shoe size make sure you buy one size higher! I bought a size 10.5 but really fits a 10. My toes had to be scrunched to fit into the shoe. Otherwise, if you  have a chance to try this one on first, find the right size, then purchase. The price is right, but the sizing is misleading and now I have to return it.
B005CAYLM6 Great Shoes, Although You Will Need a Bigger Size! These are great shoes and are very comfortable once you break them in. And they look fantastic with the large puma on the side. But be warned, these shoes run a bit narrow and smaller than natural size. I am a natural 10 and had to purchase an 11 to fit after returning a 10.5. So you may need to go a whole two sizes to get the right fit.Nevertheless, don't let the shoe running small detract you. These are good shoes and I recommend them to anyone.
B005CAYYOQ Looks can be deceiving Don't get me wrong, I gave it 4 stars just because they come a little bit bigger then your average size. I'm a 10.5 and they seem a bit slightly bigger then a 10.5. Other then that it doesn't affect my game on the field and I'm able to do what I do best, BUT you can still feel the over sized shoe.I got these because I'm a puma brand fan boy. They have all the qualifications I look in shoes. But specially they have 2 most important ones, Quality and comfortableness. Other brands just have quality and looks, but not that comfortableness that'll make your feet feel like Cinderella (Guy Version).I recommend this product to you if you're looking around. Just remember about the size issue.
B005CB59N0 Great cleats! Sizes run a little small. I had to order a half size bigger than normal, but other than that the first time I played they were very comfortable. Great cleats for the price.
B005CB59N0 Good Cleats! Not The Best Fit! These are very good and comfy soccer cleats that I just wish were available in a WIDER size. As I searched around and didn't find a wide one, I had to order a size 10 (I usually wear 9) so that my wider feet could fit. The cleats do fit well, but it would have been even more comfortable if they just designed a wider one for real men's feet.
B005CB59N0 Nice! I've had these shoes for about 2 months now and I've played soccer in them at least once every week. They're great shoes. All I have to say is that you make sure you get the right size, because I ordered a size that was a little small, but it still fits comfortably after wearing them often. They'd eventually stretch to fit your foot.
B005CJM11A To small The size is wrong my dougther of 2 years can't use it because is to small the model andar quality are beautifull
B005CK4QE4 Trendy and can take some roughing I ordered this show in a size 10 because i read the reviews that it ran in a small size BUT IT DOES NOT .... my toddler daughter is a size nine and this 10 is miles tooo big! try and order the size that is exact for your child other than that GREAT SHOE from puma as usual!
B005CK4QE4 Very cute but they run small! Unfortunately, I had to return these because they run small.  My niece could not even get her food inside to try it on!
B005CK4QE4 Must return these shoes. When I purchased these I thought they were the right size for my daughter.  However, pumas must be shaped way different from the other tinnis shoes I have bought for her in the past. My daughter also said that the back of her foot, at heel area was way to small to short/small.  I hope to be able to get her a credit do I can buy her some more shoes.
B005CK4QE4 Great shoes Got these for my daughter and I love them. They're cute and the material they are made of is soft to the touch. It's pretty cool because you wouldn't know just looking at them. They are also kind of light weight. Which I can only assume make them more comfortable. The only complaint is they run a little small. Though size 12 still fits my daughter I got these in size 13 to give her room to grow but they are probably only a half size bigger than a 12. Overall, great shoes for a great price.
B005CK4QE4 runs really small I ordered these in an 11.5 for my son.  When they arrived, I saw that they are exactly the same size as his other 10.5 size Pumas, which are a slightly different style.  As a comparison, I just got another brand in the same size, 11.5, and they are more than half an inch longer.For these Pumas, order up at least a full size.  I wish I had returned mine.
B005CK8YHO Lights are Amazing! Please order a size up. My son wears a size 1,  I originally I ordered a 1.5, it was a bit too tight. So I bought a 2 and they fit perfectly. Very light-weight and super cute. Perfect for your outgoing little one.
B005CKB0WA Returned:( Cute, but run a whole size too small. Had to return. I have found this to be the case with most pumas.
B005CKB0WA Size smaller My daughter wears 8. I bought size 9 to be used in the near future, but it's just right for her know...
B005CKB0WA runs small these sneakers are very pretty but they run very small.  I ordered half a size up and I still have to return and get them bigger.  My daughter loved the designed and she also loved that they come with a pretty bag that will become handy for travel.
B005CKB0WA Great product/run small I ordered a size 9 for my son. They were a bit small- fit but not like other size 9 shoes- he would have def out grown them within like the next week. I exchanged for the size 10 1/2. Hoping they fit when they arrive. I am prepared for them to be a little bit big- growing room :)
B005CKB0WA Runs Small This item tends to run small. Order at least 2 sizes larger. I had to send a sz 7 then a sz 8 back.
B005CKB0WA Love the shoes, but had to go 2 sizes up My 2 year old has a different set of Pumas in a size 6 that fit perfect right now. I wanted to buy him a new pair that were a little bigger for when his size 6 becomes too small, and that had a little extra room to grow into. I bought him the size 7 in these shoes thinking they would be perfect but they were the same size as his other Pumas in a 6. We are waiting for the size 8 in these shoes, I'm hoping they will be bigger. My son doesn't have very big feet either, so it was surprising when the other Pumas in a 6 and these Pumas in a 7 were the same size. When in doubt with these Pumas go 2 sizes bigger. I still gave a 5 star because they are very nice shoes, even though the size was off for us.
B005CKB0WA Didn't Hold Up I've bought these several times over the past few years, but I won't be buying them in the future.  First, they do run small so you want to buy half a size up.  This is a Puma thing, as I've always bought half a size up in my son's Pumas.  The shoes are really cute, comfortable, and light weight.  They were perfect for my son when he was younger, as they wore really well.  (He usually rotates between two pairs of shoes.)  The last pair I bought (my son is 7) did not hold up at all--within 2 or 3 weeks they were literally falling apart.  Now that he's older, I think he does things that put more stress on his shoes.  These were fine when he was younger, but they definitely don't hold up to his play style now.
B005CKB0WA Difficult to clean. This is not our first pair of Pumas so we knew that they run about 1 size smaller than other sneakers ( if your little one usually wears a 10, order 11).
B005CKB0WA Too small It is way too small. I gave it away. It is for a 4 year old not 6 y. Very disappointing
B005CKB0WA That shoes was for my son. There was to ... That shoes was for my son. There was to small. His size is 10.I want to know if i can return.Thaks
B005CKB0WA Great Look The sneakers are adorable and look awesome on my 4 year old.  They do run a bit small. I have noticed that pumas in general run small.
B005CKB0WA Too small This are really nice... But really get one size bigger, my nice wears size 10 and I bought a 10 1/2 still small
B005CKB0WA Too small! The shoes are way too small for the size, and they are too stiff. It seems like they'd need to be broken in quite a bit before they'd be comfortable. I returned them and got a different brand that I know I like.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes but run small Great shoes for my toddler but they run small I would suggest getting a half size up.  They wash really well also.
B005CKB0WA Nice shoes, but too small Like the shoes, but the size runs too small. Definitely need to get at least one size up of your real size
B005CKB0WA Shoes run 1 size smaller We had to return these for shoes 1 size larger than his regular size.  The new size (2.5) give him a little more room.  He loves them!
B005CKB0WA Small!!! My son fits in a size 8.5 perfectly fine.  Bought these for the next size up and they are smaller than his current shoes.
B005CKB0WA Love these shoes! They are sized small...my daughter just started wearing size 9 and the 10's fit perfect!  cozy, easy to put on and looks good!
B005CKB0WA Nice Shoe- order 1/2 size up My son loves these shoes. I followed other reviewers' advice and ordered 1/2 size bigger and they fit perfect (His regular size would have been too small). He says they are very comfortable, they look very well made, are light, easy to put on and take off, and they stay on. He even thinks they make him run wayyyyyyy faster.
B005CKB0WA i like the item, but it is too smal and my daughter can't use it the design is pretty, excellent collors, durability, shape, and  prestigious Brand, easy to wear, but the size showed posted, doesn't match wirth other shoes with the same size, so when  I choosed this pair, it fixes too small
B005CKB0WA Way too small Bought a size 12 for my son.  His size 11 foot would not even fit into the shoe.  Obviously mismatked.
B005CKB0WA This size 6 M US Toddler. Everything look nice! Only thing, this size look like small with 6 M US Toddler. I hope you investigate more to improve the size better, look like not right with their foot.
B005CKB0WA Love them!! My daughter is just getting into size 7 in toddler shoes. After I read the reviews, I decided to order an 8 bc they apparently run small...and they really do. They are adorable though. Couldn't get my daughter to take them off when I tried them on her! lol
B005CKB0WA Nice little shoes but sizing is way off... The shoes are nice enough, so 4 stars. But it does take some trial and error to get the correct size. My daughter is a 11.5. I ordered the 12.5-way too small. We eventually found that the 13.5 was the right size for her. I would order up one and a half or two sizes larger than you normally would.
B005CKDW76 True to size. These shoes are adorable.  They seem to be pretty true to size and the quality is very good.  I will be buying in a larger size when she grows out of these.
B005CKHBP0 cool shoes but runs small this puma shoe is really noticeable but you have to consider the size before ordering..i bought adam stacy's drees shoes for my son in size 11 which has a lot of room for him to grow so i guess size 10.5 fits him. reading the other reviews about the size i ordered size 12 thinking that it will have room to grow but size 12 actually fits him with no room to grow so i returned it and get the 13.5 which actually is a bit big but his feet does not come out when he walks...well kids grow so fast atleast i can use it for a year.overall i am satisfied with the purchase, price and specially the customer service by amazon, which help me returning the smaller size and giving me the same amout of discount i used previously.thanks amazon.
B005CKHBP0 Great shoes, size run a little small Great shoes overall and as others said the size run a little small, get the next size up for your kid:Pro:SoftGreat lookingCon:Size run small, size 8 is a snug fit for my toddler, who is normally a size 7.Velcro/latch system isn't very intuitive, but works fine.
B005CKHVKK shoe lover love this shoe ! style is classic puma. Runs a half size small. I wear a 6 1/2 and ordered a 7  &#9829;
B005CKHVKK Love them After reading the reviews i went with a half size bigger to be on the safe side and they fit perfectly.:)
B005CKHVKK Watch out for size.. Very nice looking shoes..comfy n all but really be careful with the sizeeither try them in some stores then order online (bcz it's always cheaper online)ororder 1 size plus to what you regularly wear, (ex: if u wear 7 order 8)I wear 7 1/2 still I order 8 it fits so easily but my toes hurts bcz it is so not wide enough..n there was no wide option..I'm stuck with it( don't have chance to return) ..you guys be careful...
B005CKHVKK Good shoe Agree you need to go up a size, after reading the reviews I bought a 9 1/2 when I usually wear a 9. The first day I wore them, they were a little uncomfortable but now I love them
B005CKJFRM a little tight it runs a little tight, but it's an attractive shoe. I'd get a half size bigger, puma runs on the small side..
B005CKJWW0 Wrong size Very confortable sneakers for my daugther, and nice material too.But I bought a 1.5 youth size and I received a 13-13.5 size.
B005COYKXC Too small I like that these sneakers are very light. My daughter says they are comfortable too. But they run a size smaller. My daughter wears size 13. I ordered 13,5 and had to exchange to 1.
B005COYKXC runs a size small i am returning these daughter wears 12 ordered 12.5 and they just fit am going to order a 13. overall beautiful sneaker.
B005COYRD0 one size to big I were a size 10 but did not know these tekkies run a whole size bigger.  No vacation sneakers, horrible....
B005CPEUG8 why pay for adult shoes whe my feet are the size of a kid I'm 25, 4'11&#34; and wear either size 3 in kids or 5 in womens. Depending on the shoe, I can go a half size up. Pumas usually fit tight, and for soccer you want a tighter fit for more stability, but I might have been able to go a half size up.
B005CPLYR6 Good Shoes - True to size I purchased these for my daughters soccer league and has worn them through 2 seasons so far.  No complaints.  True to size.
B005CPLYR6 Attractive, fits well, true to size I bought these 1 size larger than what my 7yo typically wears since Pumas are typically very fitted, soccer socks are thicker, and in past experience I have found soccer shoes tend to run small.  These soccer shoes were true to size.  7 yo has worn to practice and they were slipping off the heel, however, there was one more shoelace hole to use and this made it tighter.  Overall, a good buy, I am happy with these shoes.
B005CVWYPG Love the shoes. I love the shoes, but I ordered the wrong size. I will have to return for a larger size. It was my fault, not that of Amazon.
B005CVWYPG 13.5 is really size 13 The shoe is great, I just wish that they sent us the correct size 13.5 not 13. This is the second time purchasing Puma products for 13.5 and receiving size 13.
B005CVWYPG Soft, tight fit These are awesome shoes for little kids. They fit tight to their feet, but are soft and easy to move in. The only problem is that they run a bit small. I recommend a half size bigger than you would normally buy.
B005CVWYPG Runs about 1 size too small We saw this shoe at the Puma Outlet; and they didn't have it in a size 7, 8, or 9 for toddlers so we could try it on our daughter. My wife loves Puma shoes for herself and our daughter. They are comfortable, durable and wear very well. The only issue I have with their toddler shoes is they either run too small or too big, never a true fit. Our 2 1/2 year old daughter is a true size 7, we ordered an 8 so she she would have room to grow. Not the case with this shoe, it runs about 1 size too small. So she won't be in them long, only about 2-3 months. Other than that it is a  really nice shoe.
B005CVWYPG Cute but they run small! I got fustrated when I recieved these shoes! Although they're really cute, they run veeeeeery small... My daughter's Saucony sneakers are size 8.5M and fit her perfect... they are actually a little big for her. I ordered this pair of Puma's because I wanted her to have a bigger sneaker to wear later on, so I ordered a size 9M. They got much tighter than the 8.5 ones she has... We got really disappointed because it is a very nice and good looking pair of shoes.
B005CVXB30 Awesome! We live in a small town where selection is limited.  We bought these and they are true to size and an excellent shoe for my daughter!
B005CVY9RW It's a little small. The cutting is a little smaller than what I've expected. But the quality is good though. Might need to order another bigger pair.
B005CVY9RW Size I'm wanting to buy this shoe for my now 5 month old, but am confused with the 1M and so on. Any idea on what size I should get? I'm rating this a 1 star for now since it doesn't really specify what ages can wear which size.
B005CVY9RW Too small The Puma crib shoes runs quite  small. I would order the next bigger size up from what your baby measures.
B005CVY9RW Perfect crib shoe! I love these crib shoes! They are perfect for my daughter who is 11 months old and beginning to walk. She goes to day care and we put shoes on her every day. I love the Velcro closure, let's you adjust how tight the shoe fits. Aside from the fit, they are very cute!I have found kids shoes to be really inconsistent in size; but generally, my daughter is growing out of her size 2 shoes (other brands) and so I purchased these Pumas in a size 3. There is some room for her to grow into them, so they seem to be true to size in length. They are wide if you have a baby with a wide foot and need the room these would be perfect.
B005DIQU9Y Feels great on. These pants are nice material! They are soft, smooth, flexible and all around comfy! I love the pockets and the drawstring. The bottom of the pant legs are looser than pictured, I personally prefer them to be more fitted. Same with the pant legs, they are not as fitted as they look in the picture. I bought the wrong size, could do with how loose they are in the leg, and I would buy a smaller size but I found something else that better suits me. Shipping is really fast, it shipped to me by standard shipping in 2 days. The seller is fast with responses. Great service as well! Also, if you're going by the size chart, go by the pant size. I followed the waist and hip size and it ended up being way too big.
B005DTR72W A size 12 I thought a size 13 would do but it was a little big , i want a size 12 thankyou
B005DTR72W Excellent Look Looks great, just as I expected it to look. The it is just a half size off from the true size. Overall I am pleased.
B005DTR72W fashion shoe This is my tenth pair of Puma's. They look great but are too tight. Need to get a larger than normal size. I bit disappointed.
B005EVOPB0 Way too small! I love these shoes!  And I love the Puma brand.  I have four pairs of Puma running shoes, all size 6.5, but these shoes fit more like a size 5.5.  There's no size 7 available so I can't exchange them.  I'm very disappointed that Puma would not keep their sizing consistent.
B005F17KYI buy a little bigger We bought this for our 3 year old (bought a size 5T) and it fit him like a glove... we should have gone a bit bigger, but he has gotten about 9 months of wear out of it and it is still in great shape!
B005F17KYI Very nice but runs a little small My son loves this outfit but it fits closer to a size 5. He is outgrowing size 5 but still not quite tall enough for most size 6 pants and these pants fit so perfect that he will only get a few more months out of them.
B005HEJHYO Cheap construction for price I bought these for a light alternative to classic golf shoes.  I was disappointed in the cheap construction and the size.  The shoe ran somewhere between a half size to a full size small and are extremely narrow.  If your looking for a quality lightweight golf shoe I would look at FJ or Adiddas.
B005HEJHYO Puma A little tight , should have ordered  a half size larger. One shoe lace was 5 inches shorter than the other.Seem very light.
B005HEJK3W very good fit half size to big I usually get 9.5 tennisshoes but here should have went with 9 wide. Still like them and they work fine as much as a shoe should.
B005HEJK3W Golf shoes i think the size i ordered was a 1/2 size too small. nevertheless they are very comfortable after a few rounds.  very stylish.  they have handled water on the course well. keeping me dry.
B005HEJK3W OWWW!!! my feet hurt The shoe label and the box label say size 11 which they were not size 10 at best, there is no indication pertaining to width. These shoes hurt my feet so much after nine holes they had to be removed. I had talked with an Amazon rep prior to wearing and she guaranteed me that these were the correct size. Needless to say these were returned, I was hoping to purchase another product but had to exchange for the same shoe in a larger size. We'll see when the new pair shows up.
B005HEL4W2 Run Small Very stylish and modern, however the size chart Run smaller than suggested...I would get a half size larger than normal
B005HENODE Even Looks Small This arrived and even the box looked small for a size 13 W.  My husband wears a 12 and theywere still to small.
B005HEP57C Very stylish and comfortable. Wore them the first time and played 18 holes with a cart. Feet felt fine. Everyone really likes the way they look. I wear a 10 1/2 or 11 sometimes... mostly 11s with tennis shoes. Got size 11 with these and they fit great. 10 1/2 would have been to small.
B005HEP57C Order Much Larger I always wear the same size 10 shoe in almost any brand of shoe.  I read the reviews on this shoe and order up in size.  It was still at least a size small.  They are light weight good looking shoes but someone needs to clue Puma in on the true shoe sizes!!  Very disappointed and not likely to try this brand again.
B005HEP57C Great lightweight shoe Just got these and I'm in heaven!  Lightweight and comfortable, these are just right for summer golf. The soft spike system does a great job of gripping on the course.  Just a note about sizing for those who are not regular Puma buyers. Personally I have found you need to size up one full size (I regularly wear an 8.5, but ordered these in a 9.5).
B005HEP57C What an odd size I have been a big fan of puma and have never had any problem with the shoe size till this time around. I order 7.5 as usual, but it appeared 1 or 1.5 size too big! :(
B005I70A96 great i would go up 1/2 a size from what your regular shoe size is. other than that these are great!
B005IKILF8 Too Big which is rare for Puma These sneakers are very cool looking, but I was very surprised at how large they were. As we all know, Puma runs small so I ordered 1/2 size larger than my usual. They were too long, and very wide. My foot slid from side to side while trying them on, and I was only standing still, on carpet.I had to return them. Usually Puma is large but not in this case. Try your normal size, and if you have a wider foot these may be perfect for you.
B005LCE58A It's 10% too small for my purposes. Also, ... It's 10% too small for my purposes. Also, I'm worried that it may not hold up in the long run.
B005LCE58A Size It arrived on time and love the color and the size.  It fits perfectly in a Gym locker and yet has room for everything
B005LCENDC Mistake The problem is mine to begin with,I should have check the size before purchase it, the size is to big for me to use it for my need.
B005OKZ600 Runs really big These are really great looking but when I purchased for my husband - they run almost a size too big. And because of how the order is fulfilled - Amazon can't exchange or price match. So, I had to return them. The packaging is really cool and these sneakers are very light - would have been so great if the sizing was accurate.
B005OLLNII size difference They're a nice enough looking shoe, but be careful when ordering. My son got a pair of El Ace shoes last Christmas and has since worn them out. I ordered him this pair in the same size as the original style El Ace shoes that he already had, but they are MUCH larger, by at least a full size.
B005ON2G96 runs small i love these shoes! they are comfortable and light weight but run small.  I ordered a 1/2 size bigger, but could have gone up a whole size.
B005ON2G96 Shoe runs small I wear an 8.5 and ordered these in a 9 in case they run small. When these arrived I could get them on but they were clearly too small. They are marked UK 6.5 which equals a VERY small US 9 - IMO these run at least a half size small.I plan to re-order a size up because it's hard to find running shoes without laces. Apart from the size, these are light and comfortable.
B005ON39OC Super light shoe These are very incredibly light weight shoes, they weigh nothing!  Great for summer because they are made out mesh and let air through, though you definitely need socks as the mesh on the inside is a bit rough.  I haven't had them long enough to know if they wear well.  They run at least a half size small, why I didn't give them five stars. Very CUTE, get tons of compliments.
B005OS38ZC Puma sneakers Since I read the size runs small, I brought the next size up, and they fit and feel wonderful.  I also like the color.  The icon should have been on the outside part of the sneaker so that you can see it.
B005OT1UI8 Great Spring Shoe These just arrived and I was nervous because of the reviews to order a size smaller.  I wear an 8 and ordered an 8.  Glad I did.  Though there is more room that most of my slip on shoes, a 7.5 would have been too small.  It is such a great "flat" look with tennis shoe support.  Exactly what I was looking for to go with my capris when I have a lot of walking to do.  I'm so glad I ordered (and in my own size).
B005OT1UI8 Wrong size Unfortunately I ordered 1/2 size down as suggested by another customer, and it is too small. I should have kept to my own size . The silver is very pretty and they do run narrow, so that they will stay on while walking. My size is no longer available so back they go. It is a tough call when ordering shoes/sneakers on line. I usually depend on written reviews as to whether the shoes runs small or big, now I will have to think twice before ordering.
B005OT25G4 It was just too small I should know by now what size of shoe to buy.  These are great shoes I just had to get my regular size.  I now have that information written in ink on my wrist for easy reference when I order online.
B005OT9Q98 Love these! I have been wearing Puma speed cats for years. They are so comfortable and just all around the best shoes money can buy. Unfortunately for an unknown reason Puma discontinued the sale of the black and white suede speed cats and now only sells them in blue and red. Anyway this was the closest I could thing I could find. After reading several reviews I was a little bit nervous about ordering them and what size to order in the first place: some say order a half a size bigger others say a full-size. On a wing and a prayer I ordered a half-size bigger and hoped for the best. Just got them in the mail and they fit perfectly so there you have it order at least one half-size bigger.
B005OTA9R6 Runs small-ish Nice shoe, but 1/2 size too small. I ordered my street size -- needed 1/2 size larger. Attractive on foot, but I think I'll go back to using a dance sneaker for zumba.
B005OTA9R6 Puma Dance Sneakers The shoes are fine.  Had to return first order because they ran a little short.  Was able to reorder and get a half-size larger.
B005OTA9R6 Fits small Exactly what I was expecting. They fit a little small, but overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Now if only it will warm up so I can wear them :)
B005PVNAT2 The style is fresh but... it's true, they run 1 size too big I saw reviews on this shoe that mentioned this style runs a size too big. So being a guy, I ignored that and chose my size, ha.When they came in, I was excited to try them on... and yes, they felt a size too big. So, I returned them and got 1 size smaller. They're perfect.
B005R506IO Great shoe, runs very small The sneakers are great, very cool, classic, timeless. Our very picky 9 year old son loves them. But they run very small and even though I ordered half a size up they still don't fit him. He's wearing 7Y now so w don't have the option of going another size up, I will be looking for this design in Men's sizes for him.Great show but I recommend to order a full size up.
B005R531DG Excellent pick Excellent pair of sneakers. My daughter loves them and so do I. They are true to size but should have picked a size bigger because she has long feet and might soon outgrow them. They are very beautiful and the quality is excellent.
B005S0PF1G Beautiful but size not true These sneakers are absolutely beautiful and so cute on the little feet but not really true to size.  Would definitely order a size or even two sizes bigger.  I had to return the product twice to get the right size.
B005S0QEXE Wrong Size I bought this as a size 4 Big Kid and received a size 4 small kid...the sizing is too confusing
B005S0QEXE Size problem Look like pictures and good quality.The size is somewhat small than usual and the sneaker is somewhat hard, but is very cheap.
B005S0QEXE Run Small I love the color but they run so small! I ordered a size 10 for my son and the shoes look like a size 8. Had to return them!
B005S0QEXE runs small My daughter is a size 9 in most shoes, some 8.5 and I originally ordered size 9.. WAYYY too tight and small. I exchanged them for size 10, which seems HUGE b/c she's nowhere near a size 10 in anything but these seem to work in Puma. Order next size up, they run small.
B005SF8SE2 Size This is a nice pair of shorts, but the mesh inlay is too small. Cuts into my thighs right at the groin area. Buy a larger size, or cut the mesh out.
B005SFAYVW "Runs SMALL" is an understatement My mom purchased the purple one for me for Christmas in a size XL since the previous review said to size up one size.  The jacket itself was adorable and I loved it, but it was TINY.  It fit my sister who wears an XS.  I honestly thought maybe it was mis-labeled and was a child's jacket, but it wasn't.  Unfortunately, the jacket doesn't exist anywhere anymore in any size larger than an XS.  I am so bummed!
B005SFAYVW Kind a small Very comfortable, the color is exactly as seen on the website. buy a bigger size than you usually use cause it's small.
B005SFW16S great track pants, but sizing issues Puma have a weird way to chart their sizes. Almost any track jacket runs one size smaller, but with pants there no consistency. Sometime they run true size and other times too large. Other than that Puma is great in any other aspect. Quality is always tops.
B005ZFCUIA Comfy, albeit it a bit snug I ordered half a size up from what I usually wear and they're a tiny bit more snug than I would have expected. Don't get me wrong, they're not awful and I didn't exchange for bigger size, just know there is no room to spare. I absolutely love the colors and they are comfy, so I have been wearing them all the time. Running, walking, elliptical, biking...I've done it all and they haven't failed my expectations yet! :)
B005ZFCUIA Sneakers seem great So I have heard that PUMA sneakers fit slightly small, so being a 6.5 size shoe, I bought a 7.  Don't buy larger!  They are a little too big for me, maybe the shoe sizing small is just for their typical puma shoes? Not sure.  They are great looking shoes though, and feel good otherwise when running.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone, as long as they get the right size for their feet!
B005ZFCUIA Devastated these shoes run a bit small I LOVE these shoes but they seem to fit a half size smaller. They are SUPER cute though so I highly recommend getting a pair.
B005ZFCUIA True to size! They were not as narrow as I thought they were gunna be! They are true to size. If you're a size 9 buy the size 9. I bought the 9.5 and had to return th! But the return process was a breeze!!! I love amazon!
B005ZFCUIA Nice, but fits small. Great looking running shoes but it fits small. A 7.5 would have been ideal.Amazon should indicate that the size is not average.
B005ZFCUIA Order at least half a size larger than your normal size I normally wear a size 8 in sneakers, however I needed an 8.5 for a perfect fit. Once you find the right size they are very comfortable. I work in healthcare and am always on my feet standing or walking for extended periods. They do the trick, I am very happy with these sneakers.
B005ZFCUIA Good fit from the start I took the advice and ordered the full size larger.  They fit from the start with no breaking in time.  I have very wide feet, so I could have used a longer shoe string, but overall fit and look were right on.
B005ZFCUIA Buy a half size larger than normal As other reviewers had mentioned these run about .5 a size too small. Buy up a half size and they fit perfect.
B005ZFCUIA Puma Very Comfortable I went 1/2 size larger in this shoe and glad I did. They fit perfect!  Surprised how comfortable and light they are. Would definitely buy Puma again.
B005ZFCUIA They Run Small I'm glad I read the reviews before buying. I wear a size 8 and was glad I opted for a size 8.5. They fit perfectly. They are incredibly comfortable and stylish of course ;) All in all, it was a great buy! And Amazon Prime's free two day shipping is always on point!
B005ZFCUIA love the shoes They run just a tad small in size but would struggle if I get a bigger size... love the color and the support.
B005ZFCUIA size fit small I wear an 8 or 8.5. I ordered a nine so I can have wiggle room. The size 9 is snug no wiggle room. But they are still comfy.
B005ZFCUIA Narrow fit. Runs small. Ordered a half size up and hopefully that will fit.
B005ZFCUIA Three Stars Comfortable but definitely order one size bigger than your normal size.
B005ZFCUIA Too Small Go a size bigger! They will be too tight around the toes if you do not order either a half size or one size bigger then your normal size. Kinda disappointing when i first went to try them on and my toe went straight to the top of the shoe. But once i got the right size they are comfortable to walk all day in. Would not recommend running in this shoes, not enough support on the arch area for that. Still love them!
B005ZFCUIA Feels small at the first week, but gets comfortable later on. I love this sneakers, they are so cute and right now they fit me perfectly. I thought it was going to be small, due to the other reviews I read, however I decided to order my normal size (7) and they fit me perfectly, the first time I put them on, they did feel small and tight, but now it is really comfortable.
B005ZFCUIA Run small I chose fit as expected simply bc I tried a pair in locally before buying. The shoes runs small! I normally wear an 8.5 or 9 but in these I had to buy a 9.5.
B005ZFCUIA PUMA WOMEN'S CELL RIAZE CROSS-TRAINING SHOE These shoes felt fine when I tried them on but when I walked in them for a day, my big toes hurt.  I wish I had gotten a half-size larger
B005ZFCUIA Runs Small I'm a perfect size 7 1/2, when I put the right one on for the  first time, I thought it was tight. After having it on for less than an hour, my foot began feeling very uncomfortable. When I took it off, I felt the most comfortable rush of blood to my foot at which time I realized it was too small. If I couldn't wear it around the house for less than an hour, I knew I couldn't use it for athletics. Runs small.
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable. I usually wear an 8.5 and saw all the other reviews saying this shoe run small. So I ordered the size 9 and it fits perfectly. I have narrow feet and these shoes are so comfortable. Love them!
B005ZFCUIA Love The shoe I purchased the shoe because they were cute and much cheaper on Amazon instead of the JC Penney.  I ordered my size 8 1/2.  It's comfortable, but If I am doing to much there is a little tightness in the toe area.  So I would recommend a 1/2 size bigger.  Puma shoes do run small.
B005ZT6ODS Run very small Cute pants, but I was very disappointed. They run very small, and I had to send them back. If you order, get a size larger than you normally would!
B005ZT6ODS Product as described They were the right size and comfortable for my daughter.  She wears a size 16.  The quality seems comparable to the price.
B005ZTU6V4 made small love the shirt it was just made small, if you buy it i suggest you buy a size or two bigger than your actual size.
B005ZTUX76 Loving it! I ordered one for my daughter, size 2, (true to size, great material, very pretty) I fall in love with it, ordered another one, bigger size, for when my daughter is bigger. that's how much I loved it :)
B0061NY7QI Runs big This shoe runs a little big so keep that in mind when picking size. Other than that they are OK.
B0061NY7QI Comfortable with good traction on wet surfaces As some reviewers have said, these shoes do run big.  I went a half size smaller than my shoe size and probably could have gone a full size smaller.  As far as the top of the heel part of the shoe causing blisters goes, it is a bit stiff, but after first getting them wet, I applied some heat to that area of the shoe with a hair dryer and it softened it, so that problem has been addressed.  These shoes are comfortable with great arch support.  So far I have just used them in a pool and the shower.  The true test will be in the ocean walking over rocks and seashells, but I am sure they will do fine because the sole is substantial.  The removable insole does not shift during wear like other makes of water shoes that I have read about.  I would buy these again.
B006455HN0 Size runs LARGE! I normally wear a 7 1/2 in a sneaker so my husband surprised me with this shoe since it is EXACTLY what I have been looking for. When I received it was HUGE! So he returned and I went ahead an ordered a 7 thinking that should do it. Nope it was HUGE also. I own a pair of Pumas and they are a size 7. So they do run smaller, but this particular shoe must run even smaller. Hoping that with this return a size 6 1/2 will be the correct size... I will update when I receive. ;)
B0064V7UUM Sizing runs a tad small I rely on size 9-11 products to be true to size fit and these unfortunately are not.  I realize they are no-shows and will be low but they slide down on the heel now and then and that's a bad fit.  I have found Champion brand to have a more comfortable fit for larger sized feet.  I can wear these but I am glad I only bought one three pack and I won't be buying any more.
B00691NJ5M Perfect Just recieved this purse for Christmas, after looking for the perfect size purse, this one is it.  I love the way it looks and the size of it.  It's not too big or too small, it holds all my things without being so big I feel like I am carrying a suitcase, or being too small to hold everything without bulging out the sides!
B006GKA68Y we love this hoodie... we love this hoodie. I like most that its not the usually shade of pink or purple that you see and its easy to throw on with the usual shades. we would have given it a 5 star rating except it runs a little small. Actually i find the Puma brand in general runs a little small so i would suggest buying anything from Puma a size or two bigger.
B006H1NNPU Should have heeded the warning This is a beautiful shoe.  I saw it.  I loved it.  My 8 year old daughter loved it. The reviews I read, maybe on a different site, said it runs small.  I bought the size my daughter wears, a 3.5, and a 4.  The 4 was too small.  I offered to buy her a 4.5 and she said no, go for the 5. I'm giving it a 4 rating only because of the size issue.  Fortunately, it's available in the 5.  I could see this looking cute with all her outfits, all color leggings.  I'm thinking: Metalic blue might be the new black!
B006IWD6HS Great Cleat. looks great My oldest son use them for Rugby, great quality. He loves them. The only thing that you must pay attention is in what size to choose this cleats fits tighter the other brands in the same size. Order 1/2 size bigger or 1 than other brands.
B006J7WSEY a bit small It was a bit small but it so beautiful that i decided to give it to my siater and buy a new one for my boy.
B006J7WSEY i will like tio know what to do to get different size at 5.5 the shoes are to small I need to know what to do to get different size 5,5 the shoes are to small
B006J7WSEY Runs a little small We ordered size 1.5 for our son who wears size 1 shoes normally. I wish I'd gotten a size 2 because these are already quite tight. Other than that, they're fine--just cleats for kids soccer.
B006J7WSEY Nice cleats but run extremely small. These are great looking cleats but they run at least a full size smaller, my 8 year old daughter wears a size 3 in running shoes (Adidas), I got her a size 4 hoping she could wear them the whole season but they were smaller than her size 3 sneakers.
B006J7WSEY Sized small These were cute, but too small.  They seemed the same as the Diadora my grand daughter had in a size smaller, so I had to return them and got a different kind.
B006J7WSEY Not true to size My daughter wears a girls shoe size one and I bought these shoes originally as a size one but they were way to small.  I then tried the 1.5 and again those were to small.  My daughter does have a slight wide foot so these shoes are definitely for a narrow foot.
B006J7WSEY Good quality.  Buy bigger size Fits comfortably.  Seems to be built well.  But buy larger!  My son wears size 1 running shoes.  We bought size 2.5 in this Puma because of other reviews.  They were right.  Fits small already.  Plus adding 2 socks = 1.5 sizes.
B006J7WSEY Sizing is way off Ridiculously small.  I had a size 1 in another style and the size 1.5 Puma was much smaller than the 1.
B006J7WSEY The shoe is great, but ran a bit small The shoe is great but unfortunately ran a bit small (at least with the thick soccer socks on it did).  Unfortunately, our daughter didn't complain about this being a problem until after she wore them the first time so we were stuck with them.  Ultimately we ended up buying the same pair in a size larger and gave these to a friend of hers with smaller feet and she enjoyed them.
B006J7WSEY shipping wrong size I orderd size 5. When I received them I didn't check the size.Next day my son weared the shoes to the football class.After he came back home from school he complaint that the shoes are too small.Firstly I don't believe because I thought size 5 is enough for him.But he said his feet are really painful.Then I checked the size in the shoes and I found they are exactly size 4.I don't know if I can return the shoes.
B006J7WSEY tight fit I ordered up a size for my daughter who loves soccer, and she is complaining that these shoes are too tight. Hoping they get her through this season. Beware PUMA's run really small.
B006J7WSEY Buy a half size up. Bought these shoes a half size up because of what other reviewers said.  They are well made and fit well.  We're several weeks into the soccer season and my son has no complaints.
B006J7WSEY Runs small Very cute shoes, but definitely runs about a size small. My daughter is just fitting into kids size 11s and these are tight. I should have gotten the 12.
B006J7WSEY Run Small My daughter loved these cleats.  I ordered a half size bigger than her sneakers, thinking she could wear an extra pair of socks.  But they just barely fit.  I let her keep them because she liked them so much, be she has outgrown them before the season was over.
B006J7WSEY Great shoe but runs REALLY small We ordered two sizes up (from 3 to 4) and these were still too small.  Had to find a 4.5.  They are very narrow and when worn with soccer socks, very small.Looks: awesomeQuality besides sizing: great
B006JCTRDO Wrong size Size description through me off don't understand some of the abbreviations I ordered the wrong size more than once because of a poor description on the main page.
B006JCUBK2 cute Nice made shoes, just run half size smaller. Had to return mine. Another thing i wish they had a zip, its hard to put shoes on a toddler without it.
B006K28VOO Too small They were everything I was looking for, color, style, comfort, warm but unfortunately they were too small and they were sold out on the size 3. Otherwise I would've stayed with them.
B006OEY2NC RUNS A LITTLE SMALL I read where these ran a little small so we ordered a half size larger and they fit perfectly.  Normally he would take a size 10 so we ordered a 10 1/2.  He loves them.
B006OEY2NC Order Larger Normally wear 11 or 11W.Ordered 11.5W and too tight.Probably needed a 12W or 12.5W...although correct size is apprximately $40 additional.Fine other than small size.
B006OEY2NC WRONG SIZE SENT! Golf Anything sent a 9.5 instead of the size I ordered, which was a 12.  Hassle to return the shoes.
B006OEY2NC Great shoes Very comfortable, leather is soft and the spikeless soles are much more comfortable than traditional rubber spikes.  Shoes run just a hair small, so a size 13 fit me perfectly, as I am usually between a 12 /12-13.  Would recommend at the right price, Amazon had them on sale at $59
B006OEY2NC Exchanging for Larger Size Great quality, my husband loves the color schemes, and the brand. We just ordered a size too small. Package was delivered early, well-wrapped, and in great condition. No complaints, only accolades!
B006OEY2NC good shoe Shoe fits great and played 18 holes, ordered 1/2 size larger as they run a little small.  Somewhat slippery in the sand.  Other than that, worth the money.
B006OEY2NC nice and functional shoes. Should have ordered true size and not half up as recommended Can't say a thing bad so far but have only used them twice. For the price, it's a steal so far.Being 9 D shoe size, I let myself go with other reviewers and ordered half up. The shoes fit a bit long and had to lace them up tight. But it works. I won't return them, as I feel very comfortable in them. I think that in my case my true size would have worked fine. Worst case scenario, a tad bit narrow but as the shoes are so soft I don't think it would have mattered
B006OEY2NC RUNS SMALL BUT AS EXPECTED Believe the reviews and order 1/2 size larger than normal and you will not be disappointed. Very comfortable and they look great. Can't wait to hit the course this Spring!
B006OEY2NC size it right I normally wear size US 11.  That is what I ordered but had to return them, waaaay to small , reordered US 11 1/2, still a bit tight on one toe but usable.  other than the size issue they are comfortable, stable, and look very good.
B006OEY2NC A bit snug, but good shoe First time having a pair of spikeless shoes, and let me say, there's not need to worry about a lack of grip, as there's plenty of it.Now, in regards to fit itself, I wear Pumas a lot.  To me, they're my favorite brand of sneakers, and I fit their size 12 perfectly.  However, this shoe, was a bit snug.  Not small enough to warrant a return from me, because the next size is a 13, and I think it would then become too big.  But if there's a half of a size you can go up, do it.
B006OEY2NC Order a larger shoe I wear a 12, I ordered a 12, it came in 12  but feels like 11.If you order this shoe make sure you order a size larger than you wear.
B006OEY2NC Very pleased. My size is 9 1/2 2E.and the Puma golf shoes fit great. I ordered online as i couldn't find my size  in any store I went to. The quality was very good, but I did water proof them just to be on the safe side. I am glad I orderd them and will order again when I need new ones.
B006OFK01E runs very tight I ordered a half size larger than my regular shoe.  The length was good but these shoes run very narrow.  I couldn't keep them
B006OG0FA4 size issue I like the design.It is a little bit smaller than other brands. I changed one size bigger and it fits.
B006PF0UTA GREAT QUALITY PUMA's material is great quality, doesn't fade, but does tend to run small or true to size. I would order a size up if you aren't quite sure.
B006QNQSV0 Wish it came in BLACK 12 This is a very comfortable walking shoe.I usually wear size 10 - 11, depending on the width and model of the shoes.This shoe is the smallest size 11 I've ever owned.It feels more like 10 to me.So I guess, if they had size 12 , it might fit me better.I also wish it came in black.I guess I was in rush, I thought it did say black, when I bought it.But it is actually BROWN  (what Puma calls BLACK COFFEE)...I need black walking shoe for work, and was a bit disappointed .
B006QNQUH2 Not very comfortable I normally wear size 8 of Puma running shoes, so I purchased size 8. However, my foot hurts because it is too tight and not sure if I can still return it.
B006QNQUH2 2 left shoes Would have loved the shoes in a size nine, but two left shoes were sent. One a size 8 and one a size 9.
B006QNQUH2 Run small Ordered my usual size and they were too small.  They were not available in the next size up.Really cute shoe.
B006QO2SD6 Love it 5.5 is my size, but my feet are wide so the shoe I bough it just a little small on the tip.
B006QO2SFO a lil small I love these sneakers!! I just wish they fit me better..if I would have ordered a wide it wouldve be perfect. I typically take this size so I'm not sure why they don't
B006QO2XP4 Lightweight but sturdy These shoes are really comfortable!  If you are unsure of what size to order, go up a size as they fit a little snug.  They also look great on and are a great option when you want to wear sneakers but not a standard running shoe.
B006QOI4L6 Puma shoe I ordered this for a class I will be taking tomorrow in Portland. I ordered the European size 40, the size I normally wear, but they will require some stretching. I fear I will have sore feet after 4 days of wearing them...OR, they may finally be comfortable. They arrived on time and they are very attractive.
B006QOI4L6 disappointed Runs super small! Wore them a little to 'break them in' an got blisters. I even got a bigger size knowing probably going to be small an they still didn't fit.
B006QOI4L6 PUMA PERFECT! Love the feel and style of this shoe.  PUMA tends to run a half size smaller in my experience. I wear a 71/2 normally, but ordered an 8 and fits beautifully!  I will most definitely purchase similar products here in the future. Arrived as specified.
B006QOI4L6 Nice shoe but size is off I've always liked Puma shoes,  but finding a standard size is difficultI've had t buy anything from a 6 /12 to an 8  Puma needs to make it's sizes more standard
B006QOIEY8 best sneakers ever They run a half size small. Im an 8.5 but got the 9 thank god because they are snug at a 9. these are not wide sneakers at all if you have wide feet dont get pumas. these are the best shoes so wear at the gym to do running or just basic training.
B006QOIGTG Puma GV Special Game Shoe My husband loves these sneakers.  Great fit. But would recommend a bigger size than your original size. I might have to get him another pair.
B006QOIP88 Run smaller Very nice looking sneakers. Very light, breathable and comfortable. I give them 4 stars, because they run smaller in sizing. You have to order half size bigger than you normally wear.
B006QOJ3HK too big It should be precise this model is for men. the size I got is to big for me, looks like men's size not women
B006QOJ8PM SIck Kicks I really like my new PUMA's, i love PUMA to begin with, but these are really comfortable, and light. To top it all off they look great too! I will say that reading some other reviews I ordered a size larger (i'm usually a 13) just to be sure and I think I could have went with 13's, because the 14's feel like they are a size too big in the front.
B006QOJ8PM awesome but... great shoes very comfy awesome quality but they run small i actually bought them an size bigger than what i am and still had to exchange them for a bigger size ,,, i do have too say amazon makes it very easy and fast to return or exchange things and so i am waiting for bigger size shoes which will arrive tomorrow ...
B006QOJ8PM Too small Shoes are smaller than size stated, especially in the width. I'm a size 9 1/2 US and the size ten fits way to small. So it's best to order 1.5 size larger. Quality shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Possibly the most comfortable shoes I've ever had This was my first time buying Pumas, and I was expecting great things based on what I've heard . . . I was not disappointed. The soles feel amazing, and I was able to walk about ten miles during a trip the week I got them without the pain in my feet that I usually get from other brands. I will definitely buy Pumas again!Important Note: I am usually a size 13, but I read that when buying Pumas to always go one size larger. I found that this advice was incredibly accurate, and my size 14 Pumas fit my 13 feet almost perfectly.
B006QOJ8PM Always great shoes. As long as you know that with Pumas you'll have to usually order half a size larger than usual, you'll be all set. I've only had quality issues with Puma once and with one email to them, they resolved my issue - giving me a coupon code for the cost of the replacement on Puma's website. Great shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Small for the size, but nice shoe Small for the size and tight. Should have a half or one whole size bigger, but a nice looking, sharp  shoe.  Overall, I like them.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome These shoes are great. They fit snug and low profile like most Pumas. Other reviews are exactly right however, order a size bigger. I normally wear a 10.5 but ordered an 11.5 and they fit great. Very light weight and stylish.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoe I have ordered many shoes.  I wear a size 10.5 but the last 3 Puma's I have ordered in 11 for the fit.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Great shoes! I am really happy with them. They are certainly true to size though. If you aren't sure what size your foot is, don't guess.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes - in the short term!!!  *UPDATED* I use these shoes for the gym.  I usually wear a 13 or a 14 (depending on the shoe).  In this case I would say they run true to size, but a little on the narrower side.  Therefore, I got the size 14 and they fit perfectly.  If you kinda fall in the middle of a size or have wider feet I would suggest ordering a size up.  However, they look good and seem pretty durable thus far.  They were worth the price I paid (it was a daily deal and was a great discount!).  I would probably still buy them at a higher price since they were good.UPDATE - After 4 weeks these shoes came apart from the inside and started poking the top of my foot incessantly.  I tried several things to fix the inside but I can't get the poorly stitched parts back together.  Now they are so uncomfortable I can't wear them at all and the return period has already passed.  DISAPPOINTED!
B006QOJ8PM Awesome but buy a half size bigger than usual I bought these for my brother for Christmas and he loved them.  And then my husband was jealous so we bought him a pair too.  Just be aware that Pumas seem to run a half size small so you need to order a half size up from your usual size.
B006QOJ8PM Small size The size is pretty small and i needed to gift them. Now i bought another ones because i like this style of shoes
B006QOJ8PM Excellent workout shoe; order half size up I currently run about 20 miles a week as part of my exercise routine; this shoe wouldn't do very well for that. However, what it does do is provide a very comfortable sole for my feet when I lift weights or cross-train. If you are a looking for a non-running gym shoe or walking shoe, this pair of Puma Tazons are perfect.Just a side note, I have several pairs of Pumas and I always order a half-size up. For example, I wear size 10 Nike but 10.5 Puma.
B006QOJ8PM Puma still makes a great shoe Initially ordered a 1/2 size larger as I did with my last two pair of Pumas.  Well, this model runs true to size.  Great return policy by Amazon.  Just got the correct size and they look and feel great.  I bought them for walking not running.  Sturdy heel, flexible front and good cushioning combined with breathability and comfort.  Yes, they are narrow but I prefer that.  They fit snug but not too snug.
B006QOJ8PM Buy a larger size than normal I usually wear a size 9. I bought a 9.5 as some reviewers stated these shoes run small. I have narrow feet. These fit me perfectly going up a half size. Someone with wider feet would be unhappy with these. They are great for me however.
B006QOJ8PM Buy one size bigger I have had experience with Puma shoes before, so I knew to buy one size larger due to how narrow they normally are. Fit was great and very comfortable out of the box.
B006QOJ8PM Love them~ They run about a half size big, but still fit well.  Exactly as pictured. Very comfortable. Look great with scrubs.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe but sizes are off I love the style of the shoe but they do not fit . What ever size u are go up one size . I ordered a size 9 and they are very tight . I guess i shouldve read the other reviews . Im gonna return and see if i can get the next size .
B006QOJ8PM PUMA SHOE I WARE A SIZE 10, THESE ARE NOT A SIZE 10, UNFORTUNATELY I HAD TO RETURN THEM FOR THIS REASON. IF THEY HAD FIT I COULD HAVE GIVEN A BETTER REVIEW.
B006QOJ8PM Order your normal size. I gave these Puma Tazon running shoes 5 stars for the quality and fit. After reading all the reviews I was really wondering what size to get. Should I order a half size up or just stick with my usual shoe size of 13? After much thinking I decided to go with my usual size and they fit perfectly. I consider myself to have average feet and never need to get the wide or narrow version of a shoe.As for the quaity? I have had then a few weeks and even ran them through the washing machine once to keep them fresh and they still look new. This is my 3rd pair of Puma's and the previous two pair held up very well. Shoes like these make me a loyal brand name shopper so far.
B006QOJ8PM The quality of the shoe is excellent. I ordered a size larger because of the comment on the web site that they may be a size small.
B006QOJ8PM Snug but comfy. Shoes were a little snug in the width. But overall, a comfortable shoe at a great price. Would buy 1/2 size bigger next time.
B006QOJ8PM they are half size smaller not a full size in the reviews every body said that it was  1 size smaller and it is not it s half size smaller i am a size 10 and i odder a size 11 and it was a little big not too much but it was big , so go for half a size bigger not a full size .
B006QOJ8PM wrong size returned them.  my hubby wears the same size in almost all shoes... this was too tight and small to keep. nice shoe though. he did not want to exchange he wants to try them on
B006QOJ8PM I got them on suggestion. When I started pushing for my black belt I need a shoe that would stand up to a lot of running and working out.  They fit the way I expected, but I order a half size large than I usually do because the reviews say they tend to be snug.
B006QOJ8PM Order 1/2 size larger The sneakers look and fit great.  As others have mentioned, they run a bit small.  I ordered mine 1/2 size bigger and they are perfect.
B006QOJ8PM Need 13 1/2, do not have my size. needed a larger size but was not offered.  A s I usually wear a size 13, in some shoes its too small
B006QOJ8PM True Puma Style Great shoes, last forever. Puma's tend to run 1/2 size small for us, so knowing that we ordered slightly larger. They fit perfectly and look great.
B006QOJ8PM shoe made too small very attractive shew.  After i bought the shoe on Amazon with a good price and free shippinng, alas i had to return it.  I have since learnedfrom other reviewss that with Puma, the shoe should be bought at least a half size larger.  I wish Amazon would have suggested that.  Unfortunately Amazon doesn't have the shoe in the next half size larger.  I am returning for refund.
B006QOJ8PM Love puma These shoes are great and fitted just right. I thought about ordering a half size up but I went ahead and got my regular size and it fits just right.
B006QOJ8PM Size is not good I like the way it looks. It is pretty but the size is the problem as it is small from the sides and large from front and back.
B006QOJ8PM consider upping a +0.5 on your shoe size I'm glad I purchase this after reading all the review on how it's a little tight on the side.Shoes fit perfectly after I ordered it as 10 instead of my usual 9.5 size
B006QOJ8PM The texsture of this product is very hard. Not a very comfortable to wear especially on a long walk. Size 9D is the size I wear for any Athletic shoes but this one is too small and it was hurting my feet. Had to return via UPS.
B006QOJ8PM GREAT SHOE! Fit Very nice, a half size i thought was necessary at first, but after walking for 10 seconds in them, they were perfect!
B006QOJ8PM Order a size bigger Shoes were a gift. I ordered them a size bigger and they fit perfectly. Shoes are very comfortable. . .
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes Fit well on a wide foot with a classy look. I ordered a half size up from usual shoe size.
B006QOJ8PM To small Looks good and all seemed status quo until I tried them on.Just a little small as none of my current speakers are larger than 9 or so...surprised that these being  a 9 1/2 were tosmall
B006QOJ8PM Needed One Size Larger Normally wear 13E in New Balance, took the advice on sizing up and the shoe fits great even with my inserts.
B006QOJ8PM Another great pair of Puma's!! Great Puma shoe, just as described. The shoes are very comfortable and perfect fit even for me as I typically wear a wide size. These are a running shoe, however I wear them as I my street shoes or sometimes to workout in as they look great even with jeans.This is my 10th pair of Puma's and I love them all! I would recommend to anyone getting a pair to buy a half to a full size bigger than normal because they do run small. I typically wear size 10, but with Puma shoes I buy size 11 and they fit just perfect. I can't wait to check out the BioWeb Elite Running Shoes, they look awesome!!!
B006QOJ8PM Puma's a great shoe The first mistake was to read the other reviews which stated the shoes run small, and to get them a size bigger. Doe's this mean a full size or a half size? My shoes are a true size. The statement about the width is correct, they are thin, but these are running shoes and most runners are fit, and don't have wide feet. My first pair of Puma's were in 1976 when my dad was stationed at then West Germany, during the Cold War. Loved them then love them now.
B006QOJ8PM Nice Shoe - Looks Great Had to return because size did not fit.Sad because they looked great.  Like puma shoes.Did not have my size so had to order a diff pair :(
B006QOJ8PM size up Great shoes, love them actually, but they do run small and a little narrow. Size up if you are gonna buy.
B006QOJ8PM Very comfy, size is a little small.... If I could find shoes that were 12 1/2 wide, it would be golden as in most shoes that is what I wear.  These Pumas run a little small, as 13's are almost too small.  They are lightweight and comfy.  Nice Shoe.
B006QOJ8PM Great-looking shoes, but sizes run small. I absolutely love the style/design of these shoes! I'm elated about going to the Gym to work out ever since I got these. Beware, though. The shoes' sizes do run a little small, so order yours a size or so above what you really need. I ordered size 14 because my size 13's fit just fine and I didn't want to take a chance on these running a little small, and it's a good thing I did. The 14's fit just like my 13's do, if not a little tighter. They'll be fine for working out, though, since I don't wear them anywhere else but the Gym. I just may order more of these in different colors soon.
B006QOJ8PM Get bigger size The sizes run a little small so I would recommend to get a size larger. Plus they kinda squeeze my feet
B006QOJ8PM Runs small I originally ordered 10.5, but had to return for an 11.  Just ordered a different pair of Puma's in 10.5 and fit perfectly.  I would go 1 size up if purchasing this item.
B006QOJ8PM They look great. They are a tab bit too small for my overpronated feet (flat feet). On my first few runs I've been getting a blister on my right foot right under the big toe.  Now I'm not sure if I should get a half size larger or if my right foot is just wider than my left.  I'll just see if i can break the shoes in longer before I can give the shoes a 5 star rating.  But other than that they look amazing and feel great in all other areas.
B006QOJ8PM Puma is my old skool kicks Thanks to other peoples review, I got the right size and they fit perfect.  I'm a size 10.5, so I got me a size 11.  Get a half size bigger and you won't go wrong.  Wait for a sale, price drops way more!
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe overall. I ordered these a 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear in Nike and Skechers.  Glad I did because otherwise they'd have been too small for me.  These are a bit snug in the arch area but not so much as to be uncomfortable. I wore them all day without any discomfort and when I put on my old Nikes they felt &#34;loose&#34; on my feet after the snug fit of the Puma.  If you already own a pair of Puma crosstrainers like my wife does, do not order larger than your other puma crosstrainer.  I did that for my wife's because of reviewers and hers were too large going a 1/2 size up.  Apparently all the Puma crosstrainer style shoes run about the same size.
B006QOJ8PM Love my Puma's I ordered this shoe for work because the last pair of Puma's I ordered looked and felt so awesome that I decided they would be my going out shoes. I got these shoes and when I opened them they looked better than the picture.  They do have a swede look to them. I like Puma's because when I order them I know they will fit my feet as long as I order the same size.
B006QOJ8PM expect them to be tight, expected them to give, but haven't experienced it. I would advise a half size from your normal size, they are very snug and could have used a half size larger for comfort. Expected them to loosen up by now. But they are enjoyable but snug.
B006QOJ8PM had to go up in size... this fit small, had to go up one full size than my normal shoe size. these are great shoes though!
B006QOJDAW Too short I really liked the look of the shoes. I ordered my size, but unfortunately they were too short. I typically wear a size 10. I gave the shoes to my daughter who wears a 9 and they fit her perfectly.
B006QOJDAW Kill your feet order a hole size bigger Because the front toe is so narrow it like putting it in pointy dress shoes . And rips at the big toe on top . Order a hole size bigger half is not enough
B006QOJDAW love puma but not these the quality isn't as expected.  i thought the shoe would be more sporty.  not true to size, runs small.  i had to return.
B006QOJDAW love this shoe but... i tried this on at the store and read everyone's post.. everyone said it runs small and even the pair i tried on at the store ran small...so went up a half size. i usually wear a 10 but got a 10.5 and this shoe is HUGE!!!  so now i will give it too my mother,,,,
B006QOJDAW small is very small.. plese order 1 or 2 size more.. is beautiful.. the quality is good and very confortable ty
B006QOJDAW size how come size 8.5 ballerinas don't have the same fit as my size 8.5 sneakers?? Seriously, is it so difficult to do?
B006QOJDAW Great shoe but.... I wear a size 6.5 in every shoe that I buy however, this particular style runs small.  Order a half size up.
B006QOJSXE Disappointed in the fit I have many Puma sneakers, but this one is so small at the toes!  I ordered my usual size and even a size larger.  My usual size squeezes my toes so much they are uncomfortable.  The larger size (only 1/2 size) larger my feet come right out of the shoe.  I am very disappointed with this shoe.  I love my other Puma's though.
B006QOK6TY Cute shoes I bought these shoes to use for Zumba.  I love the color (gray) and the design plus it looks very well-made.  But I have to return it and exchange for a bigger size.  I ordered 7.5 which is my actual size but it is too small and narrow.  I usually wear a 7.5 medium so I have a regular size foot.  Hopefully the 8M will be a better fit for me since I really like this shoe.
B006QOKESC These were small I ordered size 14 and they were too small.  I couldn't even get them on.Do not buy if you have big feet.
B006QOKWDE It's alright I guess!!! Is this your 1st time shoe purchase online? Nice puma sneakers but I would have wanted to have tried 'em on before purchased.  The reason for this is because I normally wear size 7 - 7.5, depending on shoe, style, brand, etc. I ordered a size 7 and fits a little bigger and makes the shoe uncomfortable. But other than that I did get lots on compliments.So i would suggest while out and about near mall try 'em on to be sure your right size. Then if cheaper online ,ORDER 'EM! =]
B006QOL57G Runs small I wear an 8 1/2 in every shoe but Puma must run a bit small because these are a pretty tight fit. These are also narrow shoes but that works for me. My suggestion is to buy a half size up
B006QOL57G Very cute-Love the colors! After reading the other reviews, I ordered a size up from what I normally wear (half size up wasn't available). Needless to say, they fit huge.  I love the colors so I do plan to return them for my usual size.
B006QOL57G Nice looking shoes but they didn't fit I like puma but they run small and I have large feet.  The size 11 was too small for me.
B006QOL57G Fitting Per other customer reviews I also ordered half a size bigger. I normally wear a size 6.5 and I ordered a 7 and they fit perfectly. I have been using them to exercise at home doing Zumba and weight lifing. I like them very much. They feel very stable. We are traveling to Europe for vacation and I also needed a cute, casual low profile walking shoe. I'm sure these will work out just perfectly for that as well.
B006QOL57G Nice shoes! Comfy. Nice shoes! Comfy. I do beloved they run a little small. I'd get a half a size larger than your shoe size.
B006QOL57G Cute shoes but too small The shoes arrived, nicely packaged and in new condition, as expected.  However they were too tight when I tried them on.  I am always a size 7 but have never worn Pumas so maybe the brand just tends to run small.  I clicked through the return process very easily and sent them back the next day. I was credited the next morning for the full purchase price...very impressed with the ease of the return and how quick I was reimbursed.
B006QOL57G Run small, great shoes Ordered a half size larger based on other customer feedback. Glad I did, fit well. Very comfy and good quality.
B006QP1URU runs very small I got these for my daughter and she went to try them on and she couldn't even get the front of her foot in the shoe. so we did return them they were a very nice looking sneaker but run very small,
B006QP1URU Great shoes! I absolutely love these shoes! They are so cute and sleek which is great for my big feet! Whenever I buy Pumas I always go a half size to a full size up. For instance, I usually buy a size 9 in pumps and sandals but for Puma tennis shoes I always buy a 10. These shoes fit great and are really comfortable!
B006QP1W0U Wanted to like I wear a women's size 8.  I ordered the 6.5/8 initially.  They were huge.  I returned them for a 1/2 size smaller to be safe..still too big.  Returned again for 1/2 size smaller and they are too snug.  They are super cute and I wanted to love them, but they are a weird cut.  I have pretty wide feet (not terribly), but they are really slim.Five stars to Amazon for their return policy.  I returned these twice and will probably return the last pair, and the process was incredible.  I printed the label and dropped it off at a UPS location...my account was credited before they even received the return.  Well done.
B006QPLSZ4 Real Leather I purchased a number of Puma's on the internet, some of them I have, couple I've returned, because of the quality!All Puma's run small (buy one size bigger), but this is the first pair made of real leather! Thank you, seller!
B006QPLVA6 Very small indeed! I could not even get this on my not fat foot. Great looking but very badly designed in terms of size.
B006QPN3ZW Make sure to order 1 size up Huge fan of Puma Motorsports line and as usual, the shoe came a little small. Make sure you order 1 size up or it will be way too tight.
B006QPN3ZW fit is to small. order larger size I don't feel like messing with returning it. But they are too small.
B006QPN3ZW They come to small even when I order half a number bigger They come to small even when I order half a number bigger. They look good but they should advertise the right sizes or equivalents
B006QQ0WYG great shoes Bought these to replace my old pumas. I read that they ran small so ordered a half size up and they fit great. They are holding up great so far
B006QQ0WYG Looks great, sizing is off though! The shoe looks great.  Unfortunately, I feel like Puma sizes shoes on the small side.  I've fit into 11 1/2 shoes before, and I ordered a pair of these in a size 12.  They were tight.. very tight.  Sent them back, apparently I'm a size 13 in 'Puma' sizes.  They're still a little narrow, but they're breaking in pretty well.  They look good but seem a little pointy too.
B006QQ0WYG Nice but not perfect great designuncomfortable but worth the lookgot a size larger - still tight on toes, feels like its the design and not the size issue
B006QQ0Y7G Sexy stripes Ordered 1 size up (wears a size 13) and it fits great.  This pair of shoes are very sexy and easy to care for.  The leather is of great quality.
B006QQ11IM The shoe size is small what I expected. The size of the shoe is small then what I was expecting. It looks great but still it is tight.
B006QQ1B3W Husband loves these,! Loves these new Pumas, look great with jeans, sweats. Recommended to get half size bigger, he stayed with his regular size since he has a narrow foot and they fit perfectly.  Still probably a good idea to half size up if you have a regular width.
B006QQ1B3W The Drift Cat 4 Sneakers run small I wear a 13 D which is hard enough to find.  However the Drift Cat 4 Sneakers run small.  I recommend increasing a half to a full size larger.Probably would not reorder these.
B006QQ1C5E Size Issue Awesome shoes, very comfortable.  Size was a problem.  I had to return twice because they didn't fit right.  I had to order two sizes bigger.  Also, they are slim, so fat feet won't really be comfortable.
B006QQ1C5E Pumas Run Small I got this in what I thought was the right size. Remember when ordering Pumas to always get a half size larger.
B006QQ1C5E Great shoes Very nice shoes. A bit small, so I bought 1 size bigger and it's fine. I really like it, fits like a glove. Recommended and I'm thinking about getting the red one.
B006QQ1C5E Pretty but a little small I liked it very much but it is a little small, however I use it.  The color and model is great
B006QQ1C5E A lot smaller than regular sizes Good product but really should order about 2 sizes larger than you really are.  Very hard to strap the velcro over.  A size 11 felt like a size 9.
B006QQ1CCW They look good, they're lightweight, and moderately supportive...but they do run small. I think these shoes look great with jeans or with shorts. They're pretty lightweight and low profile, and pretty comfortable for just walking around. The footbed is pretty thin, but still provides decent support.One thing to note is that while Pumas generally run small, these run VERY small. I wear a 9.5 in most other shoe brands, and 10 in Pumas, but I had to step up to 10.5 for these Driving Power 2 Low shoes.
B006QQ1CCW they look great.... but they're way too small and too narrow. I'm normally a size ten and a half, and went up to an eleven, and it's still too small.
B006QQ1HZ4 Be aware that this line runs ver small. Be aware that this line runs ver small. I normally only buy/ware US size 9 and it took a US 10.5 in this shoe to match my size.
B006QQ1HZ4 GREAT DESIGN! JUST LIKE HAS BEEN STATED BY OTHERS THESE SHOES RUN SMALL. ORDER A HALF SIZE BIGGER. THEY FIT LIKE A GLOVE AND THE DESIGN ON THEM IS THE BOMB. COOLEST SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED.
B006QQI3ZQ Great product Like most reviewers advice, always go a 1/2 size larger than what you would normal wear. I am size 11 for adidas, but these 11.5 is perfect. My new favorite brand, love this shoe.
B006QQI76Q Somewhat Small I love the style of the shoe the size is a little snug I would recommend going up a half size larger than regular  size.
B006QQI76Q I love this shoes But as usual when i order puma shoes they are a little bit small in size, but i knew it and ordered one size bigger than my size and fits perfect.
B006QQI76Q Awesome shoes Great shoes, but make sure you get a half size bigger than your normal shoe size because they are small to fit.
B006QQI76Q Way too small! I bought these sneakers for my son who wears a men's size 6.  These sneakers were labeled as a men's size 7, but were still way too small.  Possibly they were a women's size 7.Puma Men's Fast Cat Suede Fashion Sneaker
B006QXPZT6 Nice I like the material but i think if i got a small size would of been better becausei wear size 36 and usualy Large is good for me but this large is too long. Its like a 36/40
B006QXPZT6 Puma runs a size bigger then Nike Also it's like a grayish color and green I can see no ... Puma runs a size bigger then NikeAlso it's like a grayish color and green I can see no blue
B006QZFAGC True To Size This jacket fit true to size although I sized up one size because I like loose fitting things, but I have no doubt that my size would have fit perfectly. Beware though if you have long arms as the sleeves are ALMOST too short. Keeps me warm on runs in the 20's and high teens but probably wouldn't in single digit weather. A good jacket, good value. 2 zip pockets.
B006U5WAB6 Ok for small children, not for adults The glasses are just too small - -the size of these would probably be ok for a little child only.
B006VE9712 wrong size shipped I ordered US size 5.5 and they shipped 6.5 US size. We are supposed to go to a relative's place in next few days and now my wife is mad because we won't have a gift for her nephew!
B006VEP4NM sizing issues-not their fault i ordered this jacket in the size i normally wear, but when i got it, it didnt fit. the sizes run a little smaller than most other clothing. i am going to have to return it. i usually dont order clothes online, but this jacket was so cute, i went for it. oh well, i am going to have to find something in a store. but the jacket is nice! good, quality material, nice length, lightweight,  just too small. my  fault- not theirs!
B006VEPKTK These fit really small. I ordered these for my daughter in a size 5.5.  When they arrived, it was actually a size 6 in the box (size 38 EU) should be about 7.5-8 Ladies size.  They were small on my daughter, who is usually a size 7.  Unfortunately, size 6 is the biggest junior size and you can't jump up to men's sizes, because they start at 7.5 (about 9-9.5 ladies). and the selection in ladies' turf shoes is small!  What to do?  I'm going to order some Nikes and see if they fit bigger.
B006VEQ0ZI Shoes run small I wish my daughter could've tried them out, but the shoes run so small she couldn't even put them on and I ordered a size bigger!!!They look cute, the fabric (plastic)is a bit too thin, but I figured they won't be used for more than a season since her feet will grow out of them. Will try a different brand.
B006VEQH42 Great Cleats Just what we needed!  My daughter loves these cleats.  They fit well  (after we ordered the correct size) and have held up well throughout the season.  We had to size up one full size to fit my daughter.
B006VEQH42 Phew, it fits and he likes them! These fit true to size. My son has worn them all season and has never had an issue with any part being uncomfortable. I would buy them again when he grows out of this size.
B006W0PIWW Small on the toe box My son wears size 9, I ordered that size but it was small, he couldn't move his big toe. So I decided to exchange it for size 10 and they fit good. But they did not have the black ones, so I ended up getting the white/red ones and I had to pay 1.25 dollars more.The quality is very good and my son loves his new sneakers.
B006W1DT1I Nice shoes. Buy a little big , at least half a size. I bought THESE 1 WHOLE SIZE bigger so it wouldn't be too small as in the past Pumas tend to fit narrow and smaller. So while he wears 9.5 I bought a 10.5 because it would compensate for being small and with room to grow without being just too big. They are NICE THOUGH.
B006WBB4D8 A little small I wear a 9.5-10.5 and I got a 10. I had to wear it a few times before they fit without hurting.I did like the shoes though.
B006WBB4D8 exellent as usually i wear 8.5 size, i ordered that size and it's perfect. Material and quality is more than expected! very comfortable.  strongly recommended!
B006WBUL1Y Wanted to love them The shoes themselves are great.  Love the material, the mesh, very lightweight and comfy.  The problem is sizing for me.  I tried on a 10 in the store (Puma's nearly always run small for me) and as expected it was tight in the toe but fit everywhere else.  I ordered an 11 from Amazon (note, they do offer a 10.5 but I decided to go for the 11).  Upon trying them on, the toe felt the exact same as the 10, tight and hitting the front of the shoe.  However, the heel was very, very loose and would not stay on.  It's like they added the extra room but in the wrong direction.  So unfortunately, these are going back.
B006WBUL1Y Love them, but too small! I was so excited to get these shoes. I'm going to Ireland and wanted to have something more than your standard sneaker to walk around it and these fit the bill.I was so excited when I got them, alas, the love wasn't meant to last. I ordered a half size bigger than what I normally wear in Pumas because I read in the reviews that the shoes run small....and one would think that surely a half size larger than normal would accommodate the small fit....yeah, I was wrong. It was like I ordered a whole size too small. Unfortunately, they don't make the size I need in these so I had to return them and find something else.If these shoes had fit, I probably would have given them 4 stars.
B006WEGV60 Extra Lightweight Love these shoes...but tip for everyone, order a size up.  I wear an 8 but ordered the 9 because it is difficult to get your foot in a midtop. They fit perfectly.
B006WO90Q8 my shoes size My shoes size is exacly 7us dm. 6.5 us dm is a little small shoes size to me!Thank you for your servey!YoursAnh Tuan
B006WTISAC Great shoe but runs small We have always been Puma fans and have noticed their sneakers run a little small. So if your child wears an 8T, then you might want to get a 9T or bigger. My child grows fast so we got her a 10T when she is wearing a target size 8T right now. She has room to grow into them! We love the black white and gold ones b/c they hide the dirt. Pumas are made well and last through tough play. The leather shoes are very soft too. The bottom soles have great tread so kids don't slip. We highly recommend them.
B006ZO3U0C NIce shoe, consider ordering 1/2 size larger Except for the size, the show works fine, according to my teenage son, who is using these in the 100m, 200m and 400m. Consider ordering a 1/2 size larger than you normally would. Other than that, my son likes the style and fit once he got a larger size.
B00712KP4G Nice, but small Really cute, comfortable looking sneaker, but runs small! I had to exchange. My son normally wears 13 and the 13.5 was too small.
B0071BUID0 TOO Small First off, the stars are only because of the size. That was the only problem with the shoe was the size. I normally wear 12s for Puma's. For some reason these are at least two sizes too small... the 14's fit much better and are at least $50 cheaper...The design is absolutely phenomenal. People are always asking where I got them from and how they fit. If you want a pair of sneakers that are major head turners, these are your shoes.
B0071BW9KK Decent shoes So everyone was saying that they wished they'd gone up a size when purchasing these, so I went up a half size and they're too big. I think maybe they were talking width? Not sure. But they DO cut your ankles. It gets better as you break them in, though. Overall, I'm glad I bought them.
B0071BW9KK Good Shoe Unfortunately the size was 1/2 size too small.  This runs about a half size small (from my experience).  However, it is a well made shoe, but I was not crazy about how shiny the plastic/rubber sole is.  That being said, it is a good shoe and would recommend it to anyone who wants a very nice looking and comfortable sneaker.
B0071BW9KK cute shoes I love these shoes. Iordered them a half size bigger because a lot of reviews complained about them hurting the back of their feet. They are a little loose but otherwise lovely. I probably could have ordered my size.
B0071BW9KK TRUE-TO-SIZE!!!!!  Does NOT run small!  (Supercute.) I've been searching for Pumas in a size five.  They are adorable, but the brand rarely makes fives (which is very disappointing).  Previous reviewers claimed these ran quite small, so I gave the size 5.5 a try.  They are too big.  They are true to size, they fit like a 5.5 should (which means they are too big).I will be returning these. However, that's through no fault of the shoe.  I was simply mislead by reviews.  The size 5.5 is a true 5.5.  These Do No Run Small (unfortunately) .They are also extremely cute, of an average width, incredibly lightweight, and with a wonderfully comfortable arch.  (The little backing on the upper heel is somewhat bothersome, though, and might prove incredibly troublesome with continued wear.)  Though the shoelaces (which one reviews noted were long) are indeed long --but I forgive them that since they are also cute.Trying these only makes me more upset that Puma so rarely makes fives.  I love them! But unfortunately they do not fit, and therefore must go back.(Suggestions of similar styles in fives are welcome.)I am marking them down to 4 stars because I cannot give give stars to a brand that isn't considerate enough to make my size.
B0071BW9KK Run small These run really small. I usually wear a size 6 and I had to return for a size 7. A half size up would probably be sufficient, but if your feet are prone to swelling I suggest a full size. These have a really narrow sole through the arch area, making them a little strange to walk in. I bought them for bike riding, so it doesn't bother me. If I were using these as everyday shoes I don't know that I'd like them.
B0071BW9KK Runs small The shoe is lovely but I'm going to have to exchange it for a larger size.  It may be because its a dance shoe so it has to be snug.
B0071BWVYY nice Run small my husband is 10 and he fix in a size 11. brand new, great condition. I recommend it.
B0071DQJJU Meh... The shoes are actually quite nice. My only problem is that I was apparently suppose to order 1/2 to a full size bigger than I usually wear. I've never had to return an item to Amazon so this will likely be a first for me.Just remember, order at least 1/2 size bigger than you're use to. Seriously... my toes are pushing against the material.
B0071DT1ZY Solid shoe but runs small These shoes are ok. They run a bit small so beware. I only wear them to play indoor soccer and my feet hurt after about 20 mins of running. I wish I had bought a bigger size.
B0071F0IN6 Great cleats I ordered these cleats to play flag football. The reviews often said that the size runs small, so I order a half size larger than usual. At first, when I put them on, they felt very tight and I thought, &#34;uh oh.&#34; However, after walking around in them for just a few minutes, they seemed to conform to the shape of my foot. It was then that I checked and found that really they were a smidgen too big. However, that is not an issue, it's my fault, and I'd rather have them be a bit too big than a bit too small. Bottom line is know your correct shoe size and order accordingly; these are NOT off.On the field, I never felt them at all. It was 20 degrees and snowing, with several inches on the ground already, but my feet never complained in 3 hours. They really just become a part of you. If they didn't have cleats, I would walk around in them all day, just because they are that comfortable.They look very slick, just as in the pictures. I don't expect them to last a huge amount of time, as they are very light indeed, however for the price I think they are well worth whatever use I do get out of them. Highly recommend.
B0071F0IN6 Too Small I usually wear a 9.5. But I ordered a 10.5 and it fits. Very Comfortable. Good for long distance pass.
B0071F0URA Sizing with this model is an issue I purchased this and returned immediately after receiving it because of sizing issues. I had ordered this shoe a half size bigger then what I wear. When I tried it I could barely get my foot inside them. They were narrow and small. I did inspect them and the label inside read the same size number I had ordered. While inspecting the shoes I noticed they were well made, but I did not want to risk another mishap with the size, so I returned them & went with different brand. If one is to get the sizing right these shoes are good.
B0071F1KYC Too Small I ordered these a size larger since they were on sale.  They were way too small!  Can't really rate them since my daughter couldn't get her foot in them!
B0071F1KYC Too small I first ordered a size 9 Adidas pair. It was too small, so I looked for a bigger size. Unfortunately, they had just run out of the same style in 9.5. I then ordered this one in a 9.5, thinking it would fit because I'm usually a 9-9.5. But, it's still too small. So now I have to return and order a new pair. The look and fit (width) are good, just the length is too small.
B0071F1KYC Returning product I was disappointed these shoes didn't fit my daughter because the price was great! And she loved the color. But they were too small. More disappointed they couldn't replace with the same shoe, different size. When I checked to see if another size could be ordered, the price had gone up $20!I will think twice before buying shoes again.
B0071F2DOS Surprised... I am very satisfied with my purchase. The color is eye catching and the fit is expected. About a half size too small... that being said, a little wear and they fit well. People really notice them...
B0071F2DOS The sizing is way off. I bought these in size 13 US. They are indeed marked and branded as size 13 US, but are nowhere near correct. They are a size 11 at most.Beware of the sizing when buying.
B0071QJ2PK too large i order a size 1.5 but it was a half  size big for my 8 years old ,very disappointed ,leather was a little bit cheap
B0071QJ2PK Pink Puma These are great shoes for a young girl who likes matching colors. My daughter likes pink and so she loves them. The fit is a little smaller than her size. Perhaps order a 1/2 size bigger to be sure when ordering. They are well put together and should last a while. This is important because my daughter has been going through shoes faster than I would have expected.
B00721G7RK very small I measured the size 13 against a size 12.5 shoe and the 12.5 shoe is slightly bigger than the 13 puma.
B00721GPCW I wish they came in half sizes I bought this to replace my one year old nephew's Puma sneakers size 5 that were too small. I bought the size 6 and they are too big on him. I wish that Puma shoes came in half sizes. The shoes are nice, but he can't wear then yet. Next time, I'll get New Balance.
B00721I2JG Beautiful little Pumas These little Pumas are adorable!  I did not realize how Puma runs as far as size, so tbe size 7 toddler I ordered for my granddaughter was way too small and too narrow.  But they will fit our best friend's daughter, who is a size 5 1/2 toddler right now.  The sneakers are adorable, well made, vibrant pink, just precious and perfect for spring and summer.  As usual, Amazon delivers quick!
B00727EJIS I measured my child's foot for size and these were still too small. Disappointed as he really liked them. Previous reviews said these ran small and they were right! I measured my child's foot for size and these were still too small. Disappointed as he really liked them.
B00727EJIS Long wait for the right shoe to fit! After several attempts to get the right size for my 8-year-old daughter, we finally found the one size that fits her perfectly. It took us couple of weeks but we manage to be patient and end with buying what we want. These shoes run smaller in size since my daughter usually wears 13,5 so we ended up buying her 1,5!!! But she is loving it!!! Wears them all the time. Will buy more of this brand because of the quality and look that they have. The Amazon.com staff were absolutely great in helping me with the returns but after couple of weeks we got what we wanted. It was worth it!!!
B00727EJIS Great shoes but run small THese shoes are fantastic and look great on. They are comfortable except that they run smaller than the true size. They are athletic looking and my son gets tons of compliments but we could really have purchased them at leat 1 size larger as they run small.
B00727EJIS Great but run small They are really a great shoe, but be aware they do run a size small. Make sure to order one size bigger to ensure they fit.
B00727EVWM Love it!!!!!!! They looks better than the picture!! Great quality! Size fits a little small than regular size, so make sure to add 1/2 size.
B0073G9NNO Shoe size Nice shoe as described.  As for the Size - you need to go a size and half bigger or they will be too small
B0073G9NNO Did not fit I ordered these for my bro who usually wears a size 12. Although the size 12 did not fit, I liked the quality of the shoe so much that I ordered a size 13 and that one fit.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes but be careful with the size I usually wear size 12 but for this shoe I had to order size 14, so order 2 size above your normal size. The thing is this shoe has sock like fitting so they must have messed up the sizing while designing to achieve it. I really like them though, they're extremely light weight and have decreased my typical run time considerably. I've posted a video on YouTube so go check it out, my handle is same there i.e @flawedengineer
B0073G9NNO To Small After ordering size 11.5, if was way to small. Luckily, i sold them the next day to someone who uses a size 10. The shoes looked really nice and comfortable. I order another pair, but this time size 13. So if you order these, make sure they are at least 1.5 inches bigger...what the heck is wrong with Puma's measuring system?
B0073G9NNO not the size they told me They shoes are sized wrong. I ordered the same size I always order and these sneakers would not even fit on my foot.
B0073G9RI0 over-pronation shoe This really helped with my over-pronation. I have wide feet and it did run a little too small. It is hard to gauge the size over the internet, though. I bought an 8.5 and I usually wear between an 8 and a 9.
B0073G9RI0 Yay! I have a chronic/recurring Achilles tendon issue. I tried to wear minimalist shoes for a while, which just exacerbated the problem. These are my first new shoes since I was able to start running again. Although my heel is sore after I run, it feels fine during a run. The fit is as expected--I wear a 9B, and I got a half size larger for ample room in the toe box.
B0073G9RI0 Puma Fan I have become a Puma fan.  After years of wearing Brooks and Reebok shoes I tried a Puma running shoe a few years back and now I can't say enough about how comfortable they are.  Light and soft - no blisters.  I'm a type II diabetic and need to be extra careful with what I put on my feet.  Remember to go a half size larger, they run a little small.
B0073G9Z4Q runs small The shoe is well made and the cushion is very nice.  The problem is that the run just a tad small.  It was not enough that I wanted to return them as I thought they would stretch out and become more comfortable over time, but they have remained annoyingly just a bit too small.
B0073IR6PE just about perfect they did fit on the small size, but since I ordered a bit larger than I thought our Grandson needed, they are OK.  He loves the color and that they are very lightweight.  I did have to go buy him black lace- the white were a bit bright on the grey shoes and very, very long.  I would buy these again for this great price.
B0073IRJOW Puma It was a very nice shoe and well made, but the size was too small. So, I mailed it back.
B0073IRJOW made really small In atheletic shoes, I wear a size 11. These are made smaller than any shoes I've ever tried. They were really tight. I would probably need an 11.5 if I were to order again.
B0073IRJOW Good sneakers these sneakers are great, good looking And confortable but they fit small, i had to order half size larger in order to be able to wear them
B0073IRJOW Sizing These are great shoes and I really like them a lot. As others have posted, the sizing is way off.  I am a size 12 and ordered a size 13 and they fit perfectly. If you do decide on these shoes, make sure you order a half to a full size larger.
B0073IRJOW TOO SMALLL!!!!!!!! Too small!!!!!In all atheletic shoes, I wear a size 9. These are made smaller than any shoes I've ever tried. They were really tight.
B0073IRJOW wrong size I have a few pairs of Puma shoes all in the same size but this one is too small.It is too expensive to send it back so im stuck with a shoe that doesn't fit.
B0073IRJOW Had to return this product Was not wide enough at the toes and had to return this product.Is not of your regular size, i think have to take  a higher size and i don't wanted to do it going for online.I tried it instore and they don't have stock of my size.
B0073ITVP2 Great style... run half a size big These are pretty stylish shoes.... they just run big, so I'd say order half a size small or you'll be bummed to exchange it.
B0073IUO62 Nice shoes.. These are great sneakers..A bit big for a size 12 I think..I think if you're a ladies true 12 you should order an 11..
B0073XEDDC these went back way too smaill.  at least a full size too small.  otherwise seemed nice - - but couldn't get them on my feet
B0073XIITC Fit Perfectly! My feet are weird. Most of the time I need a size 11. But my Ugg boots are size 10 and they fit perfectly.  I have a pair of size 9 pumps that I could literally live in. So when I ordered these PUMAs as a running/walking shoe, I was unsure of what size to get.  I love PUMA and usually take a size 11 anyway, but sometimes they seem a little snug and run a bit small. Not these! They fit absolutely perfectly and have become my new favorite shoe. :) I love the style, color and how durable they are! I've had them a year and use them 5 days out of the week and they're still in excellent condition. If and when these puppies ever die on me, I'll definitely purchase the exact same pair again!
B0073XIITC These shoes run too small! The pair of Puma shoes i've been wearing for a year are size 7.5 and they fit fine. I ordered these in an 8 and they are way to small. They hurt my feet. It doesn't make sense that I ordered half a size up from what I normally wear and they don't fit.
B0073XIITC Love Them. I have a larger foot for a female, size 10, so I have always worn my tennis shoe a little snug with just enough wiggle room. I was nervous about purchasing these based off other comments about size & fitting, but I am so glad I got them! I love them! They feel great. They fit great.
B0073XIITC Good Fit I normally wear size 9 to 9.5. Bought a size 9.5 I. These and they fit great. Love the light weight and rounded toe.
B0073XIITC Great! Very comfortable!  My first pair of Pumas...will get more! I did order 1/2 size larger as suggested I'd other reviews and the fit is good.
B0073XIITC Very nice!! Its not too tight or too loose and its very comfortable. I did order a half size above my usual.
B0073XIITC great shoe Based on everyone else's comments we bought a half size larger than normal and they fit great and are comfortable and stylish.
B0073XIITC PUMA trainers Bought them in a bit larger size (half size bigger) because of the reviews I was reading about them running smaller.  Wondering if I should have purchased them a half size smaller.  Definitely have some room.
B0073XIITC As I read from previous reviews, order a 1/2 size bigger than normal These shoes fit great and I am glad I read from other people this tip.  These shoes are comfortable for walking, I don't run unless I am being chased!
B0073XIITC Ordered a half size up and they fit perfect! After reading other reviews, I chose to go a half size up because I have wide feet, and PUMAs are notorious for being to narrow. I am so glad I did!Pros: Fit great, wide enough! (go half size up), look sleek, comfortable, light weight, Seem high qualityCons: Scuff easily- white marks first week, not terribly flexible (feel a bit stiff compared to what I am use to)Overall I would recommend them because the overall look and feel is good.
B0073XIITC Too small even though I ordered a 1/2 size larger Pretty shoes, but too uncomfortable for me.  Tight in the toes and too loose in the heel, so ordering another 1/2 size up is not an option.
B0073XIITC Great shoes, excellent price I read the reviews and ordered these shoes a half size larger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly.  The shoes are lightweight, look great and I got them for an excellent price.  They are not my usual brand, but they are very comfortable and look good.
B0073XIITC Wrong size! Google traslator  (l Love it  are beautiful, but I can not use because I ordered my size 7 and and got size 6! I'm disappointed! I really wasted my money!Est&aacute;n hermosos me encantan;  pero no los puedo usar porque orden&eacute; mi size 7 yy los recib&iacute; size 6!!! estoy decepcionada!! realmente perd&iacute; mi dinero!!
B0073XIITC Puma I read the other reviews about the shoe being small so I went a half size bigger and they fit great! I really like the style, the color too since I wasn't into the bright colors.  I wanted something stylish for wearing out and being on my feet for a long time, and this is it.  Guess I am still into old school with white color!
B0073XIITC Nice Shoe They look just like the photo. Very nice looking shoe that is well constructed. I normally wear a size 8 1/2 but based on other reviews I ordered a size 9, since they said they tend to run a little small. Glad I did, the size 9 fit perfect. I would recommend a 1/2 size bigger then you normally wear. This is not a wide shoe, it is a narrow snug fit but comfortable. It has good arch support and even though they are new my feet did not hurt at all after wearing them for hours. It is a sturdy heavy build shoe compared to some of the newer light weight net shoes. Good Buy.
B0073XIITC Not a good shoe Read all the reviews and the majority of purchasers ordered 1 size up.  I purchased a pair of PUMA's about a year ago from Dick's and these were also a size 9.  Even though I wear a size 8 shoe, it appears PUMA's must run small.  Expecting the Tazon's to fit as my old PUMA's (not Tazon's) I was confident they would be great.  Unfortunately, they looked like a man's shoes and were very uncomfortable. I don't mind them a little big, but these seemed to be 2 sizes larger in the toe box area, and uncomfortably narrow in width. In addition, they looked like they were all man-made materials. The PUMA's I have are softer & look like leather.  I was VERY disappointed in these shoes & returned them the next day.
B0073XIITC Not too small... I read all the reviews for these sneakers, and was very tempted to order 1/2 size up due to several people mentioning how these run small. I ultimately decided against it, since I have always been a size 9 in Pumas, and ordered my regular size. They fit perfectly true to size for me, and I couldn't be happier with them, especially since I got them as a Deal of the Day for a great price.
B0073XIITC read size info carefully I used to wear 39(EUR), which correspond to 7.5 or 8. But here it correspond to 8.5, and it fits very well. Generally, it is a very comfortable shoes. I run 5 miles yesterday! But remember to choose the right size. Probably 0.5 or 1 size up!
B0073XIITC wrong sizes It is a very beautiful shoe but the size was a bit small so I had to return it for a size 10 even though I wear 9.5
B0073XIITC Great buy! Very comfy and good looking shoes. However the size does not run smaller , like I've read in some reviews. So I suggest to get the size you always wear.
B0073XIITC LOVE these shoes! I wear an 8.5 and after reading other reviews to size up I ordered a 9 and they were too big. Amazon had the replacement pair in a size 8.5 to me before I could even get the size 9 pair shipped back. The size 8.5 fit perfect! The shoes are wonderful! And Amazon customer service is amazing!
B0073XIITC Order a litte bigger than normal. I think puma's run half a size small. They hurt my feet for that reason, but They have good cushion and are really easy to keep clean :)
B0073XIITC Fit I read some of the reviews before I ordered. As I can be an 8 or 8 1/2  with a wide foot I ordered the larger size. Someone mention they seen to run small. This is true the fit was spot on. The reviews are very helpful.
B0073XIITC Glad I read the reviews! I ordered half a size larger since I saw many people had said to in their reviews.  Thank goodness I did!
B0073XIITC Sizing My current puma sneakers are size 6 and they fit perfectly. The new ones are the same size and are much too small. I am unsure what size to order and I hate the hassle of returning items
B0073XIITC Clunky shoe I ended up returning these shoes as they were somewhat small on me, and the shoe itself was clunky and just had an overall heavy feeling.  I've worn puma before and never had the clunky type of problem.  If you order these shoes, consider ordering a half size up.
B0073XIITC Order larger than normal I had to return my order because the shoes, while nice in color, run small to size. So if you're a 8 or a 9 order an 8.5 or a 9.5, maybe even a 10. They're really really close fitting. I understand they're cross-training shoes but when you can't get your foot in w/nylons on what's going to happen when you put sport socks on that are bulkier?Loved the purple and black. Could've done without the silver. Keep it simple Puma.
B0073XIITC So sad I loved this shoe and it seemed like it fit when walking around my house, but realized it didn't when I wore it for a half day.  I had the worst toe pain and swore to never wear them again!  I guess I needed a full size bigger?
B0073XIITC true After reading other customer reviews I ordered my pair a 1/2 size larger than I normally wear. Glad I did, they fit pertectly.
B0073XIITC Way too small! Wish I took the reviews a bit more seriously.  My normal size in these fit way too small, I couldn't wait to take them off. My feet hurt.  I should have ordered 2 sizes above.  The problem also is that the nose (front) on them look so long I'm afraid with a larger size I would look like I'm wearing swim fins.
B0073XIITC too small I have already returned and and reordered a half size bigger and they fit perfectly. I have only worn them around the house but lime the way they look and feel.
B0073XIITC Beautiful, but too small Wish they had fit, but this one is the very first size 9M that has been too short for me to comfortably wear.They did seem to be wide enough however
B0073XIITC Great fit Excellent fit my mom loves them! She said there was room to work with but not too much and its best to get a half size smaller for puma i recommend.
B0073XIITC Like it I really like the shoe. They are cute and feels good to walk in. However the size is a little snug sometimes.  Don't get me wrong they fit, however depending on the time of day, they just fit snug at times. So I should have gone a 1/2 size larger.
B0073XIITC Surprisingly comfortable and supportive I was very impressed with these shoes and for the price a great find.  I did go a half size larger because of the reviews I read and I also wear orthotics.  I would buy these shoes again for sure!!!!
B0073XIITC Not comfortable at all This shoe is my size and I did order a half size bigger but it still hurt my feet. I would not order any of these again. It's just not a comfortable shoe.
B0073XIITC Love these shoes I don't usually buy shoes online but I loved these. The size was perfect, they are comfortable and very cute. I did not have to buy a bigger size.
B0073XIITC Had to return This show runs small I ordered up a size but they were still too narrow.  I had to return them.
B0073XIITC LOVE PUMA FOR THEIR FUNCTION AND STYLE! Puma's always run small, so I always size up a half or whole size.  I have several pairs to work out in and love everyone of them.  This is no exception.  They protect your feet and look great while doing it!
B0073XIITC Great shoe! Based on other reviews I ordered a half size larger thanI normally wear and the fit is perfect.  This is a great shoe!  Very comfortable and relatively light.  I also love the look of it.
B0073XIITC Nice new sneakers but... I like the colors and it's great to have a new pair of sneakers but the fit is a bit too tight and the sizing runs small. If I were to order a pair of Pima sneakers again I would do at least a half size bigger.  I hope these just don't sit in my closet.
B0073XIITC Decent workout shoe` I do a lot of cross-training and do a lot of research on shoes to make sure they fit properly for the amount of use they will be getting.  My true size is a 10.5 but the reviews said to order them a half size up and I'm glad I did.  A little snug but good ankle support. I would purchase them again.
B0073XIITC But a great shoe. I knew from my daughters that PUMA ran small on them so since I am normally between an 8 and an 8 1/2, I went with the larger size.  I love the shoes.  They look great and feel great.  They're a little tight at first but I am working them in.
B0073XIITC True to size and look great! Based on other reviews I was worried about my size being too small, but these fit perfectly in my normal size 7! They are great looking, well made, and super comfortable. I have issues with all kinds of shoes not fitting right or hurting my feet- even sneakers. These shoes are perfect in every way!!
B0073XIITC Runs a little small Great colors and comfortable.  They do run a little small.  I would order at least 1/2 size up next time
B0073XIITC Color isn't right The actual color of the shoe I bought doesn't match what I saw in the picture.  I thought I was getting a grey and pink show but it was actually black and purple.  I didn't read the description.  I only went by the picture.  Also after reading all of the reviews I ordered a 1/2 size bigger than I normally get which is a good thing because it just barely fit.  These shoes run small.  They look good but I just didn't need another pair of black shoes.
B0073XIITC Did not fit as expected I read all the reviews and they said the size they normally wear was exactly what they ordered in the shoes.  I always wear a 7.5 so that is what I ordered.  They are tight and the top feels like it is digging into my foot and not very comfortable when I walk.
B0073XIITC comfy shoes I think my feet must have grown because I ordered a pair of Pumas in a size 9 and they were too small so I returned them and ordered these in a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect.  Cute, comfy, go with my scrubs and keep my feet feeling great all day
B0073XIITC Same size as all other Puma crosstrainer shoes. Bought this in a 1/2 size larger for my wife because all the reviews said they run small.  Her other Puma crosstrainers were all 8's which actually are a 1/2 size larger than her Nike size.  These run the same size as all other Puma crosstrainers so if you wear an 8 in a different style Puma crosstrainer you should wear an 8 in this one.  Not sure how it compares to the other Puma shoes in the sizing area.
B0073XIITC Sizing I read the reviews and most said to order a half size up so I did and they were a little big. Exchanged them for the size I normally wear and they fit fine.
B00754JOJ2 sleek, stylish and comfy Nicest looking casual shoe I've owned. Exceptionally light weight and surprisingly comfortable despite the thin sole. If you have not owned Puma I would encourage you to get a size larger as they run small or even try one on at a store before ordering.
B00772NHWW good shoes for the price but a lil tight. It's a nice shoe but however it does come a little on on small side so I would say go up a size when your ordering.
B00772O5E6 Nearly Two Sizes Too Small I purchased these cleats in a size 6, the size I have always worn in running shoes. However, I could hardly even stand in them properly because they were so small. I returned them for a half size larger, BIG MISTAKE! Even going up half a size didn't cut it. I finally got a pair a full size larger than any other shoe I wear, and I still wish I had gone up at least a size and a half. These shoes run SMALL!
B00772O5E6 Daughters cleats I bought these cleats for my daughter for soccer. She loves them! The colors are great. She has wider feet and they fit her no problem. I ordered the wrong size and Amazon was wonderful. They sent me new ones in a larger size before I even sent back the wrong sized ones so she would have them for practice instead of waiting to return them then sending new ones.
B0077CKYK0 Great shoe This shoe looks fantastic.  Does run a little small.  Had to get the next size up for my husband who normally wears a 13.
B0077CKYK0 Great! I've been looking for this style in my size, and most other sites had sold out.  Great to find so many size options here on Amazon.  I read in other reviews to get the next size up, which was a good recommendation.  (I usually where a 12, and a 13 fits well on me in this style.)  Shipping was lightning fast--ordered Thursday night and was received on Tuesday.  Great experience.
B0077CKYK0 Great shoe, but watch the size. I ordered these at first, with my normal adjustment for Puma... I have to order 1 size larger than I do with all other shoes.  However, on these, that was still too small and tight.  I returned them and got 1.5x larger size than I usually do and now they fit.  Just a warning.With the new adjustment, they are great, as usual with Puma.  I love the look, the feel, and comfort.
B0078NLMS6 Puma Suede CVO Cycle Sneaker The shoe has a nice design and is comfortable to walk in. I already got compliments from the ladies. When I took them out of the box I had to clean the white puma stripe along the side cause it was dirty. Spray them with a suede protector before wearing them. I definitely suggest getting half size above the normal size cause these run a little small.
B0078NLMS6 Sizing One review says too big and another says too small.  I went with the reviewer that said order a 1/2 size bigger than usual and I'm glad I did.  I normally wear a Men's 9 1/2, I ordered a 10 and it is the right size. When new the shoes are a bit on the narrow side but the leather should stretch over time.
B00795KALS Size 13 shoe They are slightly small for size 13 shoe, but I am used to that being the case and they still fit my foot fine.  I hate being on the end of the sock size cap.
B007IWKBK2 Order a 1/2 size up, These are very cute casual shoes. They do run a bit small, so I would order 1/2 size up as they seem to run a bit small. The shoes are quite comfortable and do not rub at all, but don't quite have enough support to be good for days where you'll be doing heavy walking. I have no problem with the arch support since I tend to wear barefoot shoes, but my toes will hurt if I wear them for any extended period of time.
B007IX3572 small The shoe was too small plus i didn't ship it back because i have to go thru too much to return it.
B007IX3572 Cute shoe, but way too small! I loved this shoe with the acid-yellow-green 'swish' on the side.  I thought it would be fund to wear and comfortable, so i am so disappointed to report that this shoe runs at least one full size too small.  I bought it first in my usual 8-1/2, but I had to return it for a size 9, because it pinched my toes.  When the new size 9 shoes arrived, I rushed to try them on, thinking my problem was solved, but oh-oh!  Still too small.  In fact, they felt just like the ones I had just returned.  When I held the size 9s up sole to sole with my old 8-1/2 tennis shoes, the old tennies were at least a half inch longer than the Pumas!  So if you decide to order these, be forewarned - order up one size at least.
B007IX3572 Great shoe but order Size smaller !! Nice shoe... light weight and perfect for Zumba love the way they look, But not true to size run larger
B007IX3572 Too small! I have quite a few shoes from Puma in the same size (8.5), so I felt confident I was ordering the correct size.  Unfortunately, these shoes are smaller than the rest of my Pumas.  I'm pretty disappointed as I can't get an exchange for these.Otherwise, the shoes are pretty!  I thought they were black and yellow, more like a dark grey and yellow green.
B007IX3572 Too small I loved these shoes when they arrived but they were way too small.  I chose to ignore the other reviews but they were correct...order at least a half size larger than you normally would. Disappointed.
B007IXCZZU Feels good and looks great I bought these sneakers recently and it arrived on time. Reading the reviews, I ordered a bigger size (I normally wear 8 but ordered 8.5) and fits well. I like wearing bigger shoes else my toes start to hurt. So this did the trick. I wore the shoes a couple of times and its great.
B007IXCZZU :-( It's ok but size is not exactly like it supposed to be- totally different than in store I really don't know why. I order like always 8.5 and they are too small. Quality is very good and they are so nice but too small.
B007IXCZZU :-( Shoes are very good but size is not like it shoud be. I wear size 8 and I ordered 8.5 and they are too small.
B007IXCZZU Gorgeous I bought 5 pairs of Puma at once and I believe this is one of the top 2 out of the 5 purchased. I love the leather, the color combination and the fit. I have purchased Puma shoes in the past and also loved them so much I wore them out. My only problem back then was the width. This shoe and the others purchased this time seem to be wider and I LOVE that detail!! I could have gone with my normal size, a size smaller if I had known they were wider. I will be keeping all 5 pair though, the size differance isn't a problem.
B007J58WA4 Runs big I'm normally a 10 or 10.5. I ordered the 10.5 and it was at least 2 sizes too big so I returned them. I also didn't like how there's no padding at all in the heel area. They look good though, I'm still undecided if I want to get a smaller size.
B007J58WA4 TOO SMALL The size I ordered was too small love the way it looks tthou but its sad that i cant wear it
B007J599HY Fit extremely tight Too bad I didn't tried them with enough time to exchange for a bigger size..they seems to run a lot small .
B007J599HY comfort, fit and design I hesitated ordering the mid-boot because I need a wide toe box. I usually always wear and order Keens, but as of late have been a bit disappointed with the Keen quality. Not sure if something changed there, but hey, back to Puma.  These boots are very comfortable, fit well, feel great and need very little, if any break-in.  And, they offer lots of room to wiggle my toes. I ordered a half-size up so I can wear my heavy hiking socks, and they fit great, so I would say they are true to size. Love the blue, which is as pictured, and loved he price. I recommend for a good boot for walking, roaming, and casual wear.
B007J5K734 too small The shoes was too small size run really small need like a size 8 ore 9 but its ok its a really nice shoes
B007J5K734 Puma If you wear a half size in shoes I recommend getting a size up, but I like the shoes just narrow at the toes.
B007J5K734 LOVE IT THIS SHOE IS SOOO CUTE. LOVE IT. I RECOMMEND THIS SHOE, BUT IT IS A SIZE SMALLER. SO IF YOUR A SIZE 8 1/2 LIKE ME, GET A SIZE 9.
B007J5K734 Comfortable however..... This was really comfortable however when purchasing, purchase a half size bigger than you would normerly wear because its a bit tight across the instep. Very nice sneaker for the price, I would definitely buy it again, just a half size bigger though
B007JAN0OC Great looking shoes, but a bit snug. I'm a big AMG fan, so I love how these look.  Unfortunately, I'm going to have to get a size bigger.  I ordered a 12 and they are really tight in the toe.  I wear a 12 in reebok, Adidas, and Footjoy.  These fit more like Under Armour where I need a 13.  I desperately wish they fit better, bc I really love how they look and hate having to wait to get them replaced.
B007JAN1I2 Awesome shoes! Order at least a half size up. I've owned several Pumas. They all tend to run a little narrow, especially these. Definitely order a half size up, maybe a full size if you have wide feet. I sprayed mine with a water/stain protector, and they still look as fly as the day I bought them.
B007JASSKI Runs small Item ran small should have sent it back. tried them for one day to tight. once worn can't return now there sitting in the closet.
B007JASSKI Small Fit I love the color and the materials of this shoe, my only compliment its that the sizing is wrong. I ordered 10 and i am 9.5, despite that, the shoes tighten to much. My advice, order a larger size, just in case.
B007JASSKI you feel good After reading a different comments, I went for a size next to mine. My usual size is 9.5 and I ordered one for 10. It fits perfectly. If your foot is broad, probably you shouldn't go for this.Pros: Style, soft, feels like walking on a carpetCon: size is deceiving - you need to be more careful
B007JASSKI 14D I am a size size 13 but in Pumas I have to order 1 size bigger due to their smaller sizing.  The shoes fits great, looks amazing and very sturdy.
B007JASSYO Way, way too small I wear an 11, ordered an 11, and the actual size is closer to a 10 or 9 and 1/2.  Great shoe, just order one size above what you normally wear.
B007JAT2EY nice Puma pair Nice Puma shoes. I always used size 11. In these case 11 feels like 10.5.I recommend buying half number more o 1 number more from normal size.
B007JAT2EY Size Matters Had to return shoes. They were a full size in length too small. Order big or you will have to return also.
B007JAT2EY ahh. These are more slipper than shoe. Definitely light duty. Comfortable as anything else, or will be after the shoes are worn in. Plan on getting insoles, these feel a lot like....well? Slippers. Just not much by way of cushion. But, they really are light enough and tight enough that after a bit, don't even realize the shoes are on. They do run a half size small, give or take. Order at least that much bigger.
B007JAT2EY FITS SMALLER THAN WHAT I ORDERED I BOUGHT SEVERAL SHOES ON LINE BEFORE AND THIS SIZE IS SMALLER THAN WHAT I ORDERED. IT SAYS A SIZE 12 BUT IT FITS LIKE A SIZE 11. I CAN NOT EVEN GET MY FEET IN THIS SHOE. WITH OR WITHOUT SOCKS.
B007JAT2EY I like my puma's but I don't have these. I like my puma's but I do not have these shoes because I ordered the wrong size. But all my puma's I have had in the past are great.
B007JATJWE Order a size larger! Even though I knew they would run small, I had no idea how small. I normally wear a size 8.5. I finally had to order a size 10US. At this size they fit perfect. I really love them.Michael DiVincent, Secaucus,NJ
B007JATLTK Sizing These are great shoes and I really like them. As others have posted the sizing is way off. I wear a size 12 and ordered a size 13 and they fit perfectly. If you buy these shoes make sure you order a half to a full size larger.
B007M6AH2Q outstanding fast shoe with great feel This is one great shoe. I am in my 40s and play soccer in the local league. I played with other good shoes over time, from Puma (V1.10, which I think it is one of the greatest shoes, too bad is not available anymore), Umbro, Nike, all of them leather as I like the classy feel of leather. Although I like my V1.10, these happily replace them. I believe the ball feel is even better with these, kangaroo leather makes them fit like a glove, they are very light and have good traction. I cannot speak of how they hold over time, but they seem to be well made. I got them for a bargain with these non-traditional colors, all worth it. Get them if you can and you won't regret it. I usually wear size 12 in most shoes, e.g. Adidas Copa Mundial, but these run a bit small and size 13 fits great. Other reviews indicated they are true to size, but in my experience, at least the larger sizes, e.g., 13, seem to run a bit small.
B007M6B9A0 Returned because the size did not match I generally wear US 14 and I was hoping to get that but this shoe's US 14 is too small for me. Had to return it.
B007M6B9A0 Love but Pumas run small compared to Nike These are great quality and look great, but the size is small compared to Nike sizes.  Had to exchange 2 times to get the correct size, and even could have gone 1/2 size bigger.  Still love.
B007M6B9A0 shoe size What size is 12.5 us/14.5 us d? How is it two different sizes for one option? I want to order this item but it is unclear as to what the shoe size actually is.
B007M6B9A0 Runs small This shoe runs a whole size small and had to deal with the whole reorder deal which was a pain because I bought these for Futsal and need them ASAP. Good quality though looks just as the picture. Also they were comfy once I got the right size
B007M6BKT0 Can't wait for the season to start Bought the leather ones first and they ran small - returned them and bought these. They are more true to size.
B007M6CB3E Great shoes, but run a half size small I normally wear a 10.5.  I needed an 11.0 for these.  The 10.5 fit much too tight and I like my soccer shoes to be tight.  Definitely order a half size larger than you normally wear.
B007MAYD2C toooooo small i dont understand why is it too small. i ordered size 13 and didnt fit my 6 years old daughter at all . it was too tight ! i am truly disappointed .
B007MAYD2C My daughter's favorite! My 4yr old has size 11 feet according to Puma. She absolutely LOVES her Puma shoes whenever we go up a size and get a new pair. I find that the sizing tends to run small... so Puma says she's an 11, but in other boxy-toed shoes she's a solid size 10 still. Otherwise, they seem to hold up under the pressure of an extremely active kid with access to woods, creeks, pastures, etc. :) We'll be Puma supporters for a long time to come!
B007MAYD2C runs small My daughter wears a size 8 but the size 8 that I bought JUST fits her, she will be grown out of these in less than a months time, which sucks.  Buy a size above what you think you should buy
B007MAYD2C Great shoes Very cute. My daughter loves them & we've received lots of compliments. I'd definitely size up at least 1/2 a size; they run small, as Pumas tend to. Good price for Pumas on amazon.
B007MAYD2C Great shoes Pumas run a little small so I get the 1/2 size up. Nice light shoes my daughter can run fast in
B007MAYD2C great shoes Fit as expected. Lots of compliments on them, and my daughter loved the bit of sparkle to them. Will get them in bigger size again for her
B007MAYD2C runs small loves it was just one size to small ..love puma love the sneaker glittery and not to over doing it tanks amazon
B007MF7IRY Very light...runs small These are nice looking light shoes.  I think they look good with shorts, but no so much with long pants.  I returned them because they run extremely small; you definitely need to go 1/2 size large, maybe 1 whole size, if you wear thick socks.
B007NQ658A Sizing problem A nice pair of sneakers and very comfortable. Well, in some reviews some people advice to buy a size or half size bigger, because according them the sneakers come smaller, which isn't like that. I followed somebody's advice and bought a size bigger and they are extremely big, seems like 2 size bigger. I would rather say it comes a little bit bigger, so the best option is to buy the exact size.Well, I suppose everything depends on the shape of the foot, so everybody writes from their experience.
B007NQC2OQ eh i have had almost the same pair of puma sneakers, same size and all that i've been living in for too many years. these just don't fit the same even though they're the same size-a bit disappointing
B007P3PQHC Bigger I got these in a size bigger because I would be wearing these in the winter when it's cold out to keep my feet warm. I'm a size 8 so I got 8.5 even with thick socks their a little big, but overall I love them. Cushiony and their high up the material however very delicate and soft don't think I would wear them if it's foggy or wet.
B007P4L4L8 Careful with size the quality is perfect, My choosing of the size maybe being the first time buying this pants is a little too big.
B007P5Q0QQ Attire runs very small The quality of the attire is very good however it runs very small.  Even when I usually wear a large- I got an x- large and it still was quite fitted. But then again Puma is known to run small.
B007P5QIUE Puma velour jacket I love this jacket.  However, it runs small, so order the next size up. I ordered small, which I wear and it was like an extra small.  I gave it to my daughter and I got a new medium.  It fit.  Doesn't wrinkle - great for travel and looks good with jeans, yoga pants, etc.  The price was excellent.
B007P5QIUE Soft & warm velour Cream / winter white velour, soft and warm to wear. Ok I normally wear a small but followed others advice and went for a medium, it is definitely a small cut so do order up a size. Otherwise a great find at the right price.
B007P5Y5WW Sizing Loved the color but the size was just to tight not much stretch anywhere. I returned the product.Wished there was a bigger size to exchange.
B007P5Y5WW Size issue The hoodie is perfect and the neck is not tight like other brands....BUT I first got a medium and it was way to small so I got a large and it is really not much bigger. It is still small so I don't wear it. In Under Armor brand I wear a medium.
B007PAYRRK runs small i bought this in xl to fit my curvy 165lb, 5'7 body, the colors are nice, not too bright but eye catching, it has a soft hand and is long but it runs very small, slim fit, body hugging but stretchy so it's not skin tight without give. i prefer looser, more flowing tops so i don't have to tug and pull down. i'd say this tee fits like a large-i bought the xl, so size up. got it? runs one size small, long, soft, comfortable feel and pretty cute if you like stripes.
B007PK5T0Y Love this shoe! I love this shoe. It does run small.  So when the size 5.5 pair didn't fit I donated it to a shelter and reordered a 6.  The size 6 came and fit perfectly. I LOVE THEM.  Unfortunately I went back to order another size 6 and there's none available.  I'm sad. But, at least I have one pair. I'm going to wear them in a 5k Foam Run for arthritis. Yay!!
B007PK5T0Y Running shoes The shoes were like size 7.5 or smaller they are not size 8.5, and I could not return them I still have them in its box.
B007PK5T0Y Love the colour and shape but fit too small I am a true size 8 which is what I bought here but the shoe is way too small for me
B007PK5T0Y VERY GOOD I like them very much although I didn't estimate the size very well and they are somewhat small. Despite that i love them
B007PK5T0Y Run Small Great track shoe.  It does run small which I expected and ordered the next size up because I read previous reviews feedback.
B007PK5T0Y Great shoes! These shoes are comfortable! I love them! They run a little bit small and narrow, but I ordered half a size up so they fit perfectly.
B007PK5T0Y Nice shoe, fit runs very small This is a great shoe. I had to give mine to a friend though because the fit runs very small. I am typically a size 10, and even though I tend to buy my running shoes about 1/2 size bigger, since the foot expands, I can still comfortably fit into a size 10 shoe. I ordered these in a size 10 --- and had to give them to a friend. The shoes themselves fit fine when I first put them on, a bit snug, but I'm thinking I just need to break them in --- not the case. The two times I wore them, my feet were throbbing about 30 minutes into my workout.So just be aware that the fit runs small, either order a size up, or consider a different shoe.
B007PK5T0Y Unbelievable price! I love Puma shoes and these did not disappoint me. I was thrilled to get them in just a few days and they fit perfectly. I had read the reviews and most had said they ran a half size too small so I ordered a half size up and they were perfect! The sale price was unbelievable.  They are so light weight and great for running. I was worried that I wouldn't be able to where them inside, but the removable spikes work out wonderfully.
B007PK5T0Y Nice shoe, but too small I love the way the shoe looks, but it is NARROW and SMALL.  I ordered 1/2 a size bigger to compensate, but it's still way too tight.
B007PK5T0Y Definitely buy half a size up I LOVE these shoes.  They support my ankles when I jog and they're a great fit.  Definitely buy half a size up.  I am a 9 and bought a 9.5 and they fit perfectly snug.
B007Q36U4Y Somewhat small My kids loved these shoes, expect for the fact that the fit a little small for the size that they wear.
B007SLGLX4 to small My son have size 9.but puma tune cat size 9 is to small.if you like puma shoes buy bigger size.thank you.
B007SM2M2W Adorable Keep in mind Pumas run small, order a size bigger than you need for your child.  These are super cute.
B007TI6OXS Too small Nice soccer cleat, good quality and looks great but it runs at least one size small, so i could not use it or return it since i live in Venezuela and returning items is not a viable option for us.
B007UM6PAK Bad size I order the prodct size 14 and you send to me size 13, and now i don't have way to chage it because am far away
B007UM6PAK Still small My usual size is 10. When these sneakers came in size 10 they were too small. I exchange it for size 10.5 and it's still doesn't fit comfortably. I hope that after some time of wearing I'll get used to it.
B007UM8E1S Amazing shoes Bought these about 2 weeks ago and loving them, they are very comfortable, i've had future cats previously and these are lot softer and significantly more comfortable. Materials are top notch. and they look very small on the foot, very sexy design. Keep in mind that you will probably need to order 1 full size bigger than your usual size, i normally wear 10 1/2 but these are 11 1/2. Overall great product. Very happy and highly recommend.
B007USEG6E Like it, but too large I was looking for a everyday wear men's sneaker without the excessively thick, over cushioned, or inflexible soles like on most other shoes. This one fit the bill nicely, but was a little large. I usually wear a size 10 shoe with every other brand including Asics, Nike, Brooks, and New Balance.  For the Pumas, I would say order about half to a whole size smaller.
B007WQGY96 Great boots I love these boots! They have a great feel but run about 1/2 a size small. Either try them on or go half a size up. I love Puma boots but they always do that for some reason.
B007WQH3GE Very nice and high quality but problem with sizing The shoes are very nice. My husband has normal size 10. We ordered 10,5 because based on our experience sport shoes usually smaller. Even 10,5 are small. We decide to keep them hoping that we will become larger in process of usage but my recommendation to take 11 size if you have normal 10.
B007WQHB2K runs very small I purchased a size 14 and they are smaller than my brothers size 13 adidas. The cleat pattern is nice and they would work great for turf but they are just too small.
B007X2OPC2 Cute, runs small like other Puma shirts love Puma stuff, and this does run a little small like other Puma shirts, but thankfully I knew that and ordered a size bigger
B0084CXICS White, Large Got this for my daughter. I ordered Large thinking its one size bigger then her usual Medium, but the size was just nice.Luckily I did not get her size M. Nice tshirt though.
B0084CXID2 Super small! I purchased this for my daughter who wears a 10-12 And the size chart said she needed a Medium. When we got it it was too small! I had to return it. We are going to try a Large and hope we have better luck. My daughter likes the shirt so I hope the next size works. I would recommend sizing up
B0084CXMLK Sizing runds small! So my daughter normally wears a 10/12 top and this large just fits. I think they are very small. So I suggest that your size up.
B0086FN9MW Happy but runs BIG! It's Puma, what else can I say but great quality, true to color, nice and thick material.... BUT RUN'S HUGE!!! My son is going to have to wait a couple of years (no joke) to wear this....that's how big it runs!Do I recommend! Yes, absolutely, just size down! I listened to another review about how it runs small....NO IT DOES NOT. My son is a 10-12 and I have a 14-16 sweat shirt that he can't wear until he is, well.............14.I fit into this this hoodie perfectly...it's that big!!!!!!!
B0089GNAYK not bad but runs too big i like Puma  cloth f rkids andas rle its works well with size for kids nder 8. bu after that age its really hard to get correct size. its never small but some designs can run even ouple size bigger. quality is great sow. It doesnt get piiling after wash like other sport brands or holes on knees fast.
B0089GNJVO Their Sizing Info WRONG This is a nice, quality shirt so it should have 5 stars. However, the sizing is way off. It says Boys 2-7 so I went off their sizing chart and ordered a Large (I have a 5 year old that wears a 5/6). I received the shirt and it does say it is a large, but it is huge. Luckily, I also have a 9 year old son and it fits him perfectly so I would say the Large size is more like a size 12/14. I am going to order another one since it is a great price and I can't find Puma shirts in his size in the stores around here. I really wanted this as a Christmas present for him since he ruined his last Puma shirt and it was his favorite. Oh well, better late than never. I will update this later when we get the small size to see if it fits.UPDATE: I ordered the small size and it is definitely too big also. It is at least a size 8 boys. It is very baggy on my son that wears a 5/6.
B008A6488Q Size matters I love love love this shoe!! However, I read the reviews and saw that it ran small so I ordered a half size bigger. I still had to send it back and order another half size up. I'll know for next time!
B008A64J6M new favorites I ordered these along with 3 other pairs of Pumas, I received them less then a week after I ordered. They fit perfect, I recommend getting a half size bigger if you're not sure. SO comfortable, I would definitely buy again, they are so light weight, it feels like your wearing sock, yet they are well cushioned.
B008A64J6M size is not a match Love the shoe but way too small. I wear size 7, ordered these shoes in a size 7 but had to return them because they were so small. Ordered a 7.5 and once again too small. Not sure if an 8 would fit properly? ?? Outside of the sizing issue. ... I love the shoe!!
B008A64J6M Suuuuper cute shoe I've been wanting a pair of Pumas for awhile now after hearing my friend rave about how comfortable their flats are, and when I spotted these in the Moonbeam color, I fell in luuurrve (I'm a sucker for light greys with neon accents). After reading up on the reviews for these shoes (both here and on other sites), I decided the best decision would be to purchase a full size up, but...they didn't have that size in the Moonbeam color! Since Amazon was offering free returns with Prime, I decided to take a shot with just a half size up, figuring I'd return it with no loss if they didn't work out. That was probably my downfall, because once these babies were in my hands, I didn't care if they didn't fit because they are just so. darn. cute. Because of the elastic, they do feel tight, but not so tight that they're cutting into my feet...and while my toes do hit the front tip of the shoe, I'm hoping that with some wear, they'll stretch out and loosen up a bit. If they'd had my size in the full size up, I would've opted that for those...since that wasn't an option, the half size up seems to work without causing much discomfort.My main concern with this style of ballet flat (these thin, scrunchy types) is (1) that the fabric is sometimes so thin that you can see the impression of your toes through them, and (2) that the elastic cuts into your heels. Fortunately, the suede on these is just sturdy enough that the toe impression thing isn't an issue, and there's no fabric bunching up along the elastic to cause any discomfort to my heels. The leather accent on the back of the left shoe does seem to be pressing into my heel a bit, but nothing that a little duct tape (the secret to heel rubbing!) won't solve until these stretch out more. The soles have a slight amount of cushy padding that, while not super substantial, put them a step up from your average ballet flats. I was able to get these on sale from Amazon for about 70% off the original asking price, which makes these a decent option for me, since there is NO WAY I would pay the original $90 asking price for what amounts to a slightly comfier ballet flat.Overall a good purchase at the right price, I'm looking forward to wearing these through the spring and summer!
B008A6BA64 Somewhat disappointed I normally wear a size 9B. The size 9 ran large. I've had Puma's before and usually wear a 1/2 size larger. I reordered a size8B and they fit. The shoe does not have much support. I would not wear them if I had to do a lot of walking. They're cutebut would not order another pair.
B008A6BLMW TOO BIG These shoes came up way too big.  I normally am size 7 but, sometimes, depending on the type of shoe I buy 7.5.  Had to return.  Wish I could get the 6.5 in the black.
B008A6BPJQ Very cool. Very cool shoes,I liked them very much,they look even better than in picture.I've read the previous rewiews and ordered one size larger and made a mistake,they are true to size, I wear 6 us size and ordered 7 US ,now I have to order one size smaller.still I'm happy!Thank you!
B008A6C4RS Different, but outstanding! I love Puma's, really only brand of sneakers I've bought for the past 4 years.  I always get a half size bigger, since they run small, but durable, comfy and for me always in style.  I like how these are breathable,  hopefully won't be an issue when feet get sweaty and all that.
B008A6C4RS Pumas do NOT run big. I don't know what some of these reviews are talking about, these shoes do NOT run big! If you are in doubt, stand up and trace your foot on a paper to measure and determine the correct size. As for the quality, these are $20 and you definitely get what you pay for.. if I rebuy in my size, I will keep these as spares or for errands because they don't offer much support.
B008A6CBUI Pumas do NOT run big. I don't know what some of these reviews are talking about, these shoes do NOT run big! If you are in doubt, stand up and trace your foot on a paper to measure and determine the correct size.As for the quality, these are $20 and you definitely get what you pay for.. if I rebuy in my size, I will keep these as spares or for errands because they don't offer much support.
B008A6CIL0 Great Shoes!!! I love these shoes. I almost bought them when I was in Italy a few months ago, but glad I waited because I got a screaming deal on them through Amazon. This shoe is very light weight, and I had to go up a half size in order to get the right fit. I am normally a solid 8 but had to go to 8.5 which I knew because I had already tried them on in the store in Italy. They are a slim fit but I do not have a wide foot so if you do it might mean you need an even bigger size or it may mean they wont work for you. Just be aware. The colors are fun and I get nothing but compliments on them when I wear them. They are comfortable enough to wear all day right out of the box. Great buy...
B008A6CIL0 Look for a bigger size I GAVE 4 STARS FOR THE GREAT LOOK AND COMFORT. VERY LIGHT WEIGHT AND AND GREAT FOR WALKING.ALOTHOUGH MOST SHOE BRANDS I AM NORMALLY AND 8,EVEN THE SIZE 9 WERE TO SMALL FOR ME.
B008A6CIL0 Puma runs small I purchase this shoes for my self im a size 10 but this run more like 8.5 -9. For the price i decided to keep them and gift them to my little sister.
B008A6CIL0 Awesome shoes!! These are the nicest exercise shoes I have ever purchased in my 38 years! Whoever said they were cheaply made was insane, these are very high quality! They run a half size small so order up. The color is exactly as pictured. I love them!! Thank you!! These shoes are so nice I just ordered a second pair so that when these wear out, I will have back ups!!
B008A6COO6 Made small So i bought these and i like them but they are made small! So for example im a size 8 1/2 but these were way too tight so i should of got a size 9 .
B008A6JWU0 amazingly light and flexible Loved these but had to give them to Mom who eyeballed them once they arrived.  I ordered a size too small and didn't want to bother returining them for a bigger size.  Mom loves em!Order half a size bigger ladies, at least!
B008A6JWU0 Very Comfortable These shoes run a full size small.  I normally wear a 6 1/2, but ordered a 7 to make sure they would fit.  Well, I had to send them back and order the 7 1/2. They are very stylish and fit like a glove once you get the right size.
B008A6JWU0 cute and comfortable I've only got to wear them a little but, they are comfortable. I bought a half size larger since other reviews said they ran small.
B008A6JWU0 great shoes I love these pumas they are comfortable and I find them very appealing. I will say that you need to buy half a size larger than you normally wear.
B008A6K4HU ripoff do not buy from this seller ever The shoes did not fit my wife even though I ordered a half size larger than she normally wears.  They were still too small.  Also, the puma was ripped off the side.  They were in crappy condition.
B008A6K4HU WAY TOO SMALL I wear a size 8.5 or 9 - ALWAYS. I ordered these in a 9.5 because other reviews said they ran small and I could barely get my foot in. So I tried again and ordered them in a 10; these kind of fit, but I think I would have preferred a 10.5 (I was too lazy to return them a second time).Additionally, the stitching is already coming apart in 3 months!  I only wear them to cross fit 2x a week so they are not overly used. I really like the style and the fact that they are so narrow, but I wouldn't recommend these shoes to anyone.
B008A6K4HU What I was looking for My pumas are very light, confortable and nice looking. The only problem is that I am size 7.5, and that is the size I got but looks like in this particular shoe the size is smaller, so I am getting a size 8.
B008A6KTKC feed back about Puma shoes the size to small I convert 8 M US to Europe but not true conversion it is came smaller 1 size fr
B008A6KTKC AMAZING SHOE!!!! I love the lack of a tongue in these shoes. This is my second pair of these type of shoes from Puma!! They fit like a glove to my feet and support them extremely well. I am in love with these Puma shoes. I normally wear a size 9 but I ordered a 9.5 and they fit even better. They run a little smaller so it wears on your shoes faster when they don't fit as well. I would order a half size up to ensure a longer life for your shoe!!
B008A6KTKC Puma I ordered a half size larger and the shoes are still too tight. They run really small. Disappointed that I will either have return them or sell.
B008A6KTKC Poor design Thank you all for the advice to order a size larger since these run small. I ordered a larger size but the toe box is so tight my toes go numb! I have never had that happen with any other athletic shoe. So not only is the toe box tight, the heel slides because I ordered a larger size. If this shoe had a proper tongue, you could lace it up to help that, but it slides on - no tongue - that's why they give you the two finger loops ... to pull it on.Not at all a good shoe for cross training, running walking or even standing in!
B008A6KTKC LOVED IT LOVED THE COLORS AND THE FIX WAS ALMOST PERFECT. NEXT TIME I WILL ORDER A HALF SIZE LARGER. BUT OVER ALL LOVED IT.
B008A6KTKC super cute but small sadly they run small. i love how they look but i will be returning them for a bigger size. shucks
B008A6KTKC I like these shoes just to small Great people to work with, fast delivery, just runs smaller & narrow.  Can't wait to try a bigger size, lots of color options.
B008A6KTKC heavy pair of shoes I order it because I was attractive by its look and color.unfortunately, after I tried it on, I felt its too heavy.size also runs larger on me.so I will return and do more shopping.
B008A6KTKC Tight fit I ordered my normal size (8.5 women's) but it was tight in the width. I returned them the same day.
B008A6KTKC as expected! Comfortable. I'm a true six, but always order half a size bigger for breathing room. They fit perfect and have good traction. Love them so far.
B008A6KTKC not the right size I didn't get the chance to try them out size was to small for me. Size 5.5 is more for childs foot not adult my foot wouldn't go in
B008A6KTKC Fantastic looking shoe Great shoe, very comfortable. I am a PUMA girl by nature and have owned several diferent types of their shoes. However , this particular one i ordered in an 8, my normal size and it is very very snug. Just yesterday my left foot went totally numb and as i type this today it is doing the same thing. I will order another pair in a different color because i love them, but will go up half a size for sure!!
B008A6KTKC Super shoes These are comfortable and keep my feet extra stable when I work out.  I like them, but they run a bit small.  I would not buy them again unless they come in Half sizes.
B008A6KTKC Awesome shoes! They fit a half size too small. But these shoes are super comfortable and awesome for working out! I love them!
B008A6KTKC m They are to small and cost ridiculous amount to send mell back and get correct size.  people at shoe place not nice at all. very bad experience
B008A6KTKC wrong size The shoes looked great. Great quality! 7 1/2 was way too small. I went to a 8 1/2 because they wereSo small.
B008A6KTKC Go up a half size! I read all the reviews before I purchased these sneakers and a lot of people said they fit snug. I went up a half a size and I LOVE THEM!!! They are so comfy, stylish, and just an overall great sneak!!!
B008A6KTKC great may run a tad on the narrow side but otherwise fits true to size-  I had seen these on another site where they reocmmended ordering up a half size, but I wear a 10 and getting a 10.5 is nearly impossible.  I was glad I had a 10 in the end.  I will say this, though-  if you wear a much smaller size-  you may want to consider checking out other reviews here and elsewhere before you decide whether to go up a half size-  I often think that &#34;half&#34; sizes in big sizes are much larger than half sizes in small sizes, so this may or may not be an issue.  Otherwise, the shoes are super cute, very comfy, nice bright colors, I like the built-in 'sock' rather than a tongue.  I have been pleased with them.
B008A6YAFW A Lousy Fit for a Puma Fan! Let me start by stating that Puma's are my favorite brand of athletic shoes.  I have owned over 60 pairs over the years.  I know what my size is with basketball models, casual, soccer, even golf.  The inside size tag on the shoes I received said they were 10.5, but my feet say they are too darn small!  Someone wherever this shoe is made goofed!  Now that my feet hurt, how can I give this particular model a good review?  Sorry, but the first impression is always the lasting one.  And this one hurts!
B008A6YAFW A bit too small but a nice shoe I'd go a size larger in the future but for now these shoes are wonderful. Especially after breaking them in.
B008A6YAFW Get a size or half a size larger I wear 10 in Nike, and reading the other reviews got a 11 for these. After breaking them in, now they are very comfortable and easy to wear. I wanted something that I could just slip on in the morning, and this is the perfect shoe. Also my previous canvas shoes soaked up water like a sponge, but these do a very nice job in keeping the moisture out. The red band in the center is a nice touch.
B008A6YCRI Just as promised These are an exact fit.  I would probably have ordered a half size bigger but they it good and feel great while running.
B008A6YCRI These are ok but These are good for outdoor use, but they run small. I bought an 11 and they feel like a 9 or a 10. They are slightly uncomfortable, but bareable. ORDER A SIZE BIGGER when ording these cleats.
B008A6YCRI Run small but decent quality Had to return the first pair that we ordered for the size that our daughter wears for sneakers.  She wore a woman's 7 1/2-8 but had to go with the woman's 9. They seemed to hold up for the season so over all I'd recommend these especially for the price...but wasn't 100% satisfied.
B008A6YJDU too small These are nice cleats but I needed a bigger size. I usually order a bigger size for cleats because of socks etc but these STILL needed to be bigger even after that. I recommend going 1.5 sizes bigger than your regular shoe size.
B008A6YJDU First pair of cleats and I love them I play flag football and I needed a pair of cleats.  I looked for some not too expensive and came across these.  I love the bright colours and they are very comfortable.  I read a couple of reviews about sizing and most said they run a little small. I normally wear 7.5 so I ordered an 8.  At first I thought the 8 was a little small but apparently cleats are supposed to be a little tight.  Anyways I tried them out and they arent small at all and they make me so agile on the field! They're great, I love them!
B008A6YJDU Ran small, but comfortable The cleats ran a little small, so I needed to go a half size up.  No blisters, they were much more comfortable than expected.
B008A6YJDU A little tight, but I can still play in them! I'm usually a 6.5, but after reading other reviews, I ordered a half size up (7) and they're a little snug. There's a little bit of wiggle room between the tip of the show and my toes. So I would definitely either a half size up or even a full size up. Other than that though, I really like these cleats!
B008A6YJDU Runs small Runs a 1/2 size to full size too small. Was disappointed that I had to pay to ship the shoes back for exchange! Waiting for the replacements to come now. Hope the new ones fit.
B008A6YSR2 A bit small - go up at least half a size Super comfortable. My normal size 8.5 was a little small - I tried to go to 9 but there weren't any available so I went for a 9.5, pretty happy with it. I think the 9 would be a little tighter but the 9.5 is still a good fit. I recommend going half to a full size up from your normal shoe size. Cleats aren't supposed to be tight after all.
B008A77PNA Run small I could barely get my foot in. Way to small.  Someone wrote that they run big so I bought my actual size 11 1/2 when 95% of the time I buy 12's. I should have ordered 13's.
B008A77PNA Runs small I love the color and style but the run a lil small not sure why . I guess will just try a shoe stretcher
B008A77SH8 pumas run small so buy large theses are so cool - I love the colors and quality. even the laces are dope. but buy a size or half size larger than expected.
B008AILKZ8 good Usually wear size 11 to 11 1/2 depending on the shoe. For this pair I picked size 11, and at first they were tight but now they fit fine.
B008AILQJI Great shoes, love the color combination I ordered these to wear around the house and office.  They are not athletic shoes as the insole in very flat and they do not have much padding.  They run true to size and I should have ordered a size 10 to allow a little more room.
B008AILQJI Nice lightweight running shoe, but was too small even though I have another set of same sized pumas. They have good grip but occasional suction-like sound from bottom. I recommend thoroughly breaking this product and maybe even get a half size larger than normal
B008AILZZI Runs small, but returned for bigger size This shoe runs small, but I returned for the next half size up and it fit great. Good buy as always from amazon
B008AJ4JR8 Very disappointing purchase 1- I paid extra to get this item in the two day shipping , I got it 4 days later .2- when I got the product it wasn't what I expected , I owned pumas shoes before but this one is the exception it looks cheap the material that these shoes are made of it's like a cheap looking material.3- it has the worse traction ever this are not good for indoor soccer4- I ordered them 1 size and 1/2 bigger than my size because I read reviews that they run smaller , still they were too small .5- I will STRONGLY SUGGEST to stay away from this product Adidas sambas or nikes go for half the price and way better quality .6- I made the mistake to wear them for my game so I can't return them so I feel rip off, and this is officially the worse purchase I ever made I hope you learn from me .
B008AJ4JR8 Small for size I love the look but I'm kind of disappointed in the sizing on these. I usually wear a 12 but lord was it both short and tight. I then ordered a 13 and while the length is better they are still tight around the toes. Not sure if I'll be keeping them. I recommend other people order a size bigger based on my experience.Also, the material is very interesting. The outer top portion of the shoe feels like rubber but does flex more like a suede. Not sure how well it'll last over time. I kind of have the feeling it could start cracking where the toe flexes.
B008AJ4JR8 Really is small. But I rode in comments that is small. So my size foot is 13 I bought 14. Was good for me.
B008AJ5B4S loved the style I loved these soccer shoes, very confortable, good design, price is affordable, just make sure to order a half size bigger.
B008AJOHXO The shoes are a bit smaller I chose my size but it wasn't enough since the model is a bit tight so it's better to choose one size higher.
B008AJYN8I Ok but too small I can't use them because doesn't fit, and I order them one size bigger than my regular size. The quality is good.
B008AJZ5OO Good but too small Sneakers are good looking but too small,My size is 43 EU and i order 43.So if you will order this one order 1 size bigger.
B008AJZ5OO Need more white/black Beautiful shoe. All the reviews I read said Pumas run small. I normally wear size 11 to 11.5. I ordered 12's and they were too large. I was disappointed that there were no more in that style in the 11.5's. I exchanged them for 11.5 in the yellow/black. The 11.5 were still a half size too large. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the shoes. Absolutely beautiful. I will definately keep checking for white/black in that style though.
B008AJZ5OO Runs small Runs small had to send back.  Ordered a 10 which arrived three days later and it fits fine and trim is red not wild yellow
B008AK6Q8C Order half size larger Love the look and quality but very narrow and a half size too short in length.  Had to return and order a half size larger. Many compliments received each time I wear them.
B008AK6Q8C The shoe is exactly as I expected. the leather and colour was of high quality. The insole is a little tight, so i did order it a half size larger and it fits very well.
B008AK6Q8C Great looking BUT they run small I usually wear a ... Great looking BUT they run small I usually wear a 10 and ordered a 10.5 but they run narrow alsoStill like them
B008AKOFGW Way too small.  Must be mis-marked I am a size 10 in every brand shoe.I ordered a size 10 and it fits like a 9 or 8 1/2...
B008AKOFGW SIZING IS OFF BY 1 SIZE NEED TO BUY A ... SIZING IS OFF BY 1 SIZE NEED TO BUY A SIZE AND A HALF OR YOUR REGULAR FOOT SIZE
B008AKOFGW two numbers smaller then my number very disappointed this is two numbers smaller,i wear 12 ,i order 13 base on other reviews that is too small and still to small!!!!!
B008AL33QE size problem I always wear size 48, 14.  What would this pair be in the 'D' size. like 15.5 D ?  Sizes are a bit confusing on these models.  And does this gorgeous pair come in size 48 ?
B008AL33QE AWESOME Contemporary and stylish. fits great and very comfortable. they are nicer than my expectations and i get a lot of compliments when i wear them....good quality and is a must buy. I would recommend to buy a half size bigger than your actual size because they are sleek and sometimes don't fit on heavy feet. I order mine half size bigger and they fit right on.
B008AL36G6 puma shoes The shoes is great, just feels a little bit tight so I need to get a bigger size in order to enjoy it longer.
B008AL3L0C sleek and stylish Great shoe great price, quality materials fit true to size to a half size small. Very happy with this shoe at this price!
B008AL3QEI great look i wear a size 13 and i saw someone said that the width is too small, so i was worried when i ordered but as it arrived i treid it on & it was a great fit....just know your size with puma should always be a size bigger they make small shoes
B008AL5NN0 Dirt diver Great looking shoes and the fit perfect. Puma shoes always run on the small size so order them a half bigger
B008ALI936 Too small There seemed to be some disagreement as to the sizing of the Puma shoes.  Most said too small, other said too large.  I vote with the too small, that is, too narrow.  Amazon very nicely replaced the 10-1/2 with size 11, and they are really too tight for a walking shoe.  I got them for cycling with clips, so I am not too concerned with the left shoe being a tad narrow, so since there is no other width offered and the uppers are of man-made material so will not stretch, get them maybe a full size larger.
B008ALI936 Good for the back ;) A lot of hours standing, walking on cement floors in my job touring suppliers with issues so needed to get away from a) hard soled shoes and b) shoes with any type of heel. I have jogging Pumas (Turin) which worked out great for my back so decided to take a chance on a walking shoe. Criteria was it had to be all black (If I also had to be at the office the same day), professional looking and close to the group (which works well for a sensitive back). Happy with the purchase. Gave 4 stars vs 5 as these are not made of natural materials and feet can get hot sometimes (breathing concern).In terms of 'fit', had Nike's previously and Puma tends to run 0.5 size small...so order Puma 0.5 size larger (if you wear an 11, order 11.5).
B008ALI936 PUMA Men's Jiyu V Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker,White,10.5 D US The length is great. However they do run a little tight on the top of the shoe over the ball of the foot. Need some breaking in. Might want to order a half size bigger and see if that helps. Other than that, I am very happy.
B008ALWBFS Tight I wear a size 13 and ordered a size 14 and it is still very tight. Not sure I can play soccer in this unless it expands. Otherwise I would give it out. Disappointed.
B008ALWBFS DON'T buy bigger than the size of your feet I looked at some reviews and they were telling that when they ordered the actual size, shoe was bit smaller. So, I ordered size of 11.5 even though my actual size was 10. After I got it, shoes were way bigger than my actual feet. I had to return as there was no way I could were that big shoe. So, do not buy bigger size than the size of your feet.
B008ALWDZG Great boots! I usually wear between 12 1/2 and 13. These size 13's were perfect. Durable and good looking. I'd buy these again.
B008ALX6SO Husband loved them Loved the style, loved the nubbie length, the only thing is they run small, so be sure and order half size up.
B008ALX6SO Nice, but runs small I really like the way the shoes handle a ball, but you'll definitely want to get at least 1/2 size up from normal.
B008ALX6SO They run a little small, so buy a larger size Following other reviews, I ordered a slightly large size because they run small, and it fits fine.  I think I normally wear a 9.5, and I ordered a 10 and it fits fine - I would recommend ordering up a half or whole size.
B008ALX6SO small size Good shoes, multi-cleats are great for all surfacea. The problem is that size is not accurate. They seem very little
B008ALX6SO runs small shoes are nice, but run small. plus me beeing a size 12, there is no 12.5 offered. next size is 13, which is too big..
B008ALXEBS Nice One I like this shoes its very light quality made but comes a little bit large then size i think so make sure to buy exact size.
B008ALXU2Q puma mens universal fg soccer cleat i received these 3 days after i ordered them, so shipping was fast. the price is good for these shoes, and these arent crummy cleats at all. they are a little tight if you order them in your size but they are supposed to be a little tight though. in my opinion i would order these a 1/2 size up then your average measurement but other than that theyre great..
B008ALYJQW Comfortable Cleats Buy one size bigger. Had to return the one that had the right size by label, but wouldn't fit.My son seem to like these cleats. He is very comfortable with it. Don't know how long it's going to last, so far so good.I would give it 5 stars if the size is what it says it is.
B008ALYJQW Way too small This shoe comes in one size smaller, maybe it will fit women. Didn't have a chance use it at all.
B008AU390K expected better product I expected a better quality (of material), but are things that can not see on a virtual sale. About size, is small if you compare with other brands in the same size.
B008AWU21W Love it the Design is great the color is perfect and the size need be 0.5 more that your normal size :D recommended 100%
B008AWW7Y2 AMAZON COMES THROUGH AGAIN! GREAT SHOE ALL AROUND FOR WALKING, JOGGING OR FOR FASHION. I SAW THEM IN A STORE IN SIZE 12 AND THW FIT WAS TOO TIGHT. THANK YOU AMAZON FOR COMING THROUGH AND HAVING MY SIZE!!
B008AWYIXU Too small and too tight. I will have to return these nice puma's. This size is not regular size 11 D, what I usually buy.  Too small and too tight.Would like to exchange for correct fit, but  don't know what that size would be?When shoes are made in China, it should be required that you make that information known. Thank you! S.F.
B008AXTOQ0 No tongue I should have looked closer, but there's no tongue on this shoe.  It's a little awkward but you get used to them.  It is a little tighter of a fit, I would go up a half size in these.
B008AXTOQ0 Get them one size larger It would have been nice if Amazon posted a size chart that compared your shoe size vs. true size because there is no doubt that Puma runs smaller than your actual shoe size. I typically wear a size 11 but the Puma size 11 runs smaller and I really need a size 12. Had they posted a chart that said Puma shoes run smaller, I would have ordered a larger size. Now I have to ship them back and get a larger size and I'm not too happy about that. The shoe itself is a nice style and the colors are what I wanted. I just wish the shoes were a true size and not smaller.
B008AXTOQ0 Buy 1/2 size larger. Shoes fix good. Bought them half size larger like other reviews said to do and it worked out perfect. Would recommend to friend.
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Size .. Light Weight.. Awesome comfort... Go For it... Perfect Size .. Light Weight.. Awesome comfort... Go For it... My India size is 8 and US size 9 is perfect size to fit..
B008AXTOQ0 Stay with your shoe size I had purchased 2 separate pairs of Puma's recently, both just 'recreational' shoes I guess you would call them, and for both I had to get a 1/2 size larger. So I took the same precaution when ordering these and was wrong. Turns out they are about a 1/2 size too big, so I'm exchanging them for the regular size I normally wear. A good looking shoe though. I'm excited about getting the exchanged pair.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Voltaic Mesh I love these shoes. They are light and very comfortable. I have ordered additional pairs in different colors. Order about a half size larger than normal for the best fit.
B008AXTOQ0 Looks Great. Overall the shoes are great.Except for the fact that the box is labeled as one size, and the shoes are a size below that, I love the shoes.I really don't feel like sending them back for the right size, so I've already decided to deal with it.
B008AXTOQ0 double check the size I ordered a size 10 and got a 9 but I just don't want to wait for another pair of shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable and feels nice. Pick 1/2 a size larger than your size! Great pair of shoes and look very nice. Make sure you pick a size 1/2 a size larger than what u currently wear because it is slightly smaller than the size stated.
B008AXTOQ0 Very lite & Comfortable I first purchased these shoe about a year ago.  I loved them so much that when the wore out I bought another pair last week.  These shoes are very lite weight and provide excellent support all around.  The only reason I didnt give them 5 stars is because they are a little smaller than the size stated.  I knew this from my past purchase so I ordered a 1/2 size larger this time. Other than that small issue I have been very happy.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe Shoes are a good fit, just make sure you buy 1/2 size large, as these shoes run small. Otherwise they fit great!
B008AXTOQ0 smal I wear a size 10.5 in every other shoe I wear so that's what I ordered they are uncomfortable but I'm having them a chance and trying to break them in.
B008AXTOQ0 1/2 size did the trick My son loves these shoes. They are a great color combination  and fit well at half size larger than his 8.5 size.
B008AXTOQ0 Didn't Have to Go Up Half a Size I went up half a size like the other reviews had mentioned and I did not need to do that.  The shoes are a bit big.  However, they are very comfortable.  When working out and sweating, the shoes do start to squeak, although that could be because they are a bit too big for me.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe Puma makes great shoes, including these. My only knock against them is that their sizing is always a bit off. Order at least a half size larger than your normal size in order to get a good fit.
B008AXTOQ0 No Half Sizes Above 12- What Are They Thinking? Cool looking shoe with plenty of cushioning, however, Puma does not offer half sizes in a lot of their shoes(Voltaic 4 included), above size 12. So I ordered the PUMA Men's Voltaic 4 in both size 12 & 13. The 12's were too small & the 13's were way too big/long. The enormous disparity between the two sizes, considering they don't produce half sizes above 12, is pretty ridiculous.So apparently there is a decent chunk of the population(size 12.5, size 13.5) that cannot use Puma running shoes. Can't GIVE them my money- I tried.. I tried..
B008AXTOQ0 Twice Ordered-Twice too Small Got to remember&#8230;.China thinks an 11 is a 10Don't know how that happened, but add a full size when ordering these Pumas
B008AXTOQ0 look nice but... My fiance has been wearing the voltic 3 pumas and really liked them. I ordered the voltic 4 and they are smaller than the voltic 3, about a size smaller. My fiances a size 14 which is as big as we could order. I would recommend ordering a size bigger, if your use to the voltic 3. There is a loop in the back, making it easier to put on the shoes, and the mesh around the top of your ankle helps so that the shoe does not rub your skin.
B008AXTOQ0 its longer for its size I bought a size 12 and i would say i have about an inch or a little over of extra toe length, but it is very tight. Even with really thin socks. It does take some time to break in and get used to but it would be nice if the sizing were more uniform like other running shoes. Guess I should have gotten a size 11 or 11.5 but that might be even worse.
B008AXTOQ0 Worth the money First of all, they are not as good as shoes I have purchased from stores like REI. That said, they are prefect if you are just looking for a gym shoe and well worth the money.I thought I'd say a little bit about the sizing since there are several comments about it. When I first tried the shoes on them seemed small. However, after breaking them in I would say that sizing is perfect. I'd recommend going with the correct size (not a size larger like some people have recommended) and wearing them around for a week... If you feet are exceptionally wide feet, go with a half a size larger or maybe even skip on these altogether because they definitely fit snug.
B008AXTOQ0 Returned I really liked the look of the shoe.  The size on the box is correct, but they are really mis-sized.  TOO SMALL.  Had to return them at my expense.  Now they really ain't inexpensive.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes, fit kind of small Fit kind of small and when you ware them do not look like the shoe by itself on the picture
B008AXTOQ0 great puma shoes Puma shoes run on a smaller size. Be prepared to buy half a size larger or even a full size larger. Other than that great shoes. Love them
B008AXTOQ0 A bit small but still ok My size 10 Pumas that I have had for three years fit like a glove so I purchased these size 10 Pumas on line and they're a bit too small. I'll probably keep them though, they're just not what I expeted.
B008AXTOQ0 Shoe fitq I normally wear 11.5M but ordered a half size based on previousl reviews.  They are still a bit too snug and I will need to return for a 12.5 to get the most out of the shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Love Pumas I have many pair this runs like most small go up a half size and full size might be a little too much.. Love these shoes can not wait to go for a run in the morning ..
B008AXTOQ0 Don't do it Looks great, but way too narrow and short length wise. Ordered a half size bigger after reading reviews. Send back and didn't exchange. It wasn't worth the effort.  Stay away or buy them in a store so you can try on several pairs.  My suggestion, stay away! Good luck with these shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Very bright Great shoe I get tons of compliments! Sizes run a bit small so go bigger than your norm. Two more
B008AXTOQ0 Not a great fitting shoe .... VERY disappointed I normally wear a size 10.  I followed recommendations and purchased a szie larger.. way to big.  Returned for a size 10, still to large.  Now a 91/2 ... each shoe and size has not fit on the ankle correctly, feel like its slipping off eachs tep I take.  I has the same problem with another pairof Puma's I purchased last year.. they set in my closet.  I do have one pair of Puma's that don't feel like they are slipping off with each step I take.
B008AXTOQ0 great shoe Everyone said go a full size larger. Only went a half size. Still bigger than actual size. Like the style and comfort.
B008AXTOQ0 WAY too thin I usually wear size 13 shoes but I read that these shoes run a little small so I ordered size 14 instead. I have never ordered extra wide shoes in the past, the norm usually fits just fine. I get the shoe and I wouldn't have been able to force it on with Vaseline and 10 bodybuilders pushing and pulling. I cannot believe how thin this shoe was. It was a bit longer than I would have liked, as expected because I ordered a size bigger, but I don't know how could possibly fit this shoe on their foot. I give it 2 stars because it was a good looking shoe, but I had to return it for a refund.
B008AXTOQ0 Love them I Love my new shoes, the look nice, I love the colors combination, they are very soft and perfect for runnig. Just be carefull with the size. I'm a PUMA's consumer and I know that I have to ask for 1 size bigger than normal. (In other shoes I look for Size:9 and for puma's I look for Size:10)
B008AXTOQ0 Great Shoe.  You just sent me the wrong size You mailed me a pair of size 12 shoes in a box labeled size 13.Shoes would have been perfect but you are out of stock.
B008AXTOQ0 wrong size Like others have said, choose a size at a minimum a half size larger than needed. I may re order with the full size larger.
B008AXTOQ0 Size of shoe is smaller than previous purchases Size of shoe is smaller than previous purchases, have to return shoes and upgrade size. Not happy. Shoe size must stay consistent
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoes that are not true to size! I've bought Puma's before and they are a well made shoe, However this pair are not true to size and are a little snug.
B008AXTOQ0 fit to small this shoes are very attractive but the size of it's too small for my actual foot size. i can use it
B008AXTOQ0 Yes--order 1/2 size larger. After reading other reviews, I order 1/2-size larger, and they fit perfect. I just took them out of the box and they feel great. Can't wait to work out.
B008AXTOQ0 good looking but snugg these sneakers look great, they feel great, the sizes are however on the small end, get a 1/2 a size bigger than your usual size when buying
B008AXTOQ0 My normal size fits fine. All my shoes are size 12.  I was not sure what size to get after reading some of the reviews, but the color I really liked only had size 12 available or 14 at that time.  With amazon's free returns I figured I have nothing to lose, and I really liked the color, so I ordered a size 12.  When I first tried them on they were a little snug width wise but had plenty of room in the toe area like my other shoes.  A larger size would have been too big/long.  I wore them around the house a little and they immediately started loosening up.  I have not worn them outside yet due to the weather, but so far they fit fine after walking around the house a few times, and im sure the more I wear them they will loosen up more.  I don't know if the size varies a lot between pairs, but I would first try your normal size before going up and walk around in them before making a final judgement.  I had the same thing happen with a pair of New Balance that a lot of the reviews said to go up a size.  That time I first ordered a size up and had to send them back due to them being too large.  I then ordered my normal size and they fit fine.
B008AXTOQ0 2nd pair of Puma Voltaic 4s. I really love the look of the Mens Voltaic line.  I have a pair in lime green that I got over a year ago. They feel great and have held up wonderfully.  So when I saw the Hawaiian Ocean/Snorkel Blue version.... I had to have them.  Well the store only had size 9 & up... I tried on the 9 & it swan on my foot.  So I tried another color.... smallest was 8.5. They fit.  I checked my own lime pair.  It was an 8 & a perfect fit.  Odd... the blue and red version must run small.  I this prompted a search online for my size (8).  Closest size I could find was an 8.5 here on Amazon.  I noticed the reviews said the current Voltaic s run a half size small.  So I took the risk to get the shoe I wanted and ordered the 8.5.  Ordered Monday & got them Wed.  They are a perfect fit.  Wow!  So from what I have experienced... the red and blue Voltaic and the Hawaiian Ocean Snorkel Blue Voltaic have run that half size smaller.
B008AXTOQ0 Seems to run small Like the shoes but seem to run small. Might be because it doesn't have a tongue. Should probably look at the next size up.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Voltaic 4 Running Shoe My husband loved the look of the Puma but they were small for the size.Had to reorder larger size.
B008AXTOQ0 Favorite athletic shoe I bought the Voltaic 3 a year or two ago and loved them so I decided to get the Voltaic 4. I don't regret it at all. Still comfortable and still stylish. I mainly use these for the gym (I alternate between these and Converse chucks) so I can't say how these hold up with hundreds of miles of running although I do run roughly 10 miles a week and they are comfortable. One thing is that these do run small. I wore a size 9 in the Voltaic 3 and had to buy a size 9.5 in these. It was a good thing I went to the Puma store to make sure instead of just purchasing online.
B008AXTOQ0 never buy them I am a marine so i have to run a lot. i looked at all the reviews and did like every one advised got it a half size big and they are boats. i went on one 3 mile run with them on wanted to run with out shoes a mile in
B008AXTOQ0 Returned I already returned this item and got other size 10.5. I think that Puma is little smaller than other brand.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice looking shoe but way too small This is my first pair of Puma's and I can wear a 10.5 or 11. I bought a 10.5 and it was way to small.  With socks on and the shoes tied my feet hurt and look like the circulation was cut from my feet.  I hate returning things but theses will have to got back.
B008AXTOQ0 These shoes are a little smaller than the actual size These shoes are a little smaller than the actual size, so I would recommend getting ones that are half sizes larger. Other than that, they are really light and good for running.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes I actually ordered the blue Hawaii colored shoes but they were smaller than I anticipated and switched for this style in a size 12.  I love them. They're stylish, comfortable and better deal than some of the other major brands. I checked Eastbay, Sports Authority, and Academy's website and didn't like their style of shoes.  Keep in mind, Puma runs about a size too small so factor that in when ordering.  I'm very happy with my purchase. I only give it 4 stars because Amazon didn't tell me the shoe runs small and I had to send back my original shoe.m
B008AXY38Y puma shoes All puma shoes fit to small. I am a size 9 some where between reg. and wide. I have to buy a size 10 to have a good fit.
B008AXY38Y Please make half sizes. They are a half size to big and I had to get a 13 because their is not a 12.5 but they are very comfortable. .
B008AXY38Y Great runner Love the look and feel of this shoe... but don't forget to get the half size larger!
B008AXY38Y Very nice These run about a half size smaller than your true size...so if u wear a 10...get a 10 1/2 and it will be perfect. My husband loved these.
B008AXY38Y Snug shoes I ordered a 1/2 size larger than usual (recommended in the reviews with this brand).I could have used a whole size larger.The shoes otherwise look good and are comfortable, but somewhat snug.I do hope they wear well.
B008AXY38Y Good quality, a little on the small side I love the shoe, the design is eye-catching (I get compliments all the time about them), but they do run a little small. Normally, a 10.5 will fit me, so I ordered these in an 11, and I still feel like they're a half size too small, so whatever your normal &#34;gym shoe&#34; size is, add one size, and order those.
B008AXY38Y Great looking shoe & comfortable! I purchased these shoes for my husband because he needed a nice white sneaker.  These shoes fit the bill perfectly.  I was worried about what size to order after reading the other reviews, but these ran true to size.  My hubby is a 10.5 and that's what I ordered.  He said they fit perfectly and they're very comfortable!
B008AXY38Y Bought for my dad for Christmas I read in some reviews that this tennis ran small and recommended 1 size larger... not true. I bought a size 11 for my dad who wears size 10, and it was way too large even with socks. My husband, who wears size 11, loved the shoes, the fit, how comfortable it is (and my husband is really picky for shoes), and how nice it looks... my husband decided to keep my dad's gift and I ended up buying another pair size 10 for my dad, who really loved it as well.They look really nice and according to my dad and my husband, are really comfy.
B008AXY38Y sizes option is not available I expect a 42cm size.what size is 42cm? That would be possible to show sizes in cm before ordering the item so that I will get tje exact size fits to me?
B008AXY38Y Size is smaller than your true size These run about a half size smaller than your true size...so if u wear a 10...get a 10 1/2 and it will be perfect. My brothers and father loves them....For a more fashionable design, I personally like this:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009ZPQIZW?ie=UTF8&camp;=213733&creative;=393177&creativeASIN;=B009ZPQIZW&linkCode;=shr&tag;=swiclu-20&linkId;=7FBLJPCDEXKJCQD3Cheers!
B008AXY38Y Great value for money shoe. I took others advice  on here and ordered a half size larger than I normally wear. It was a good decision, perfect fit.  The shoes are comfortable straight out of the box and although I have travelled any great distance in them, I have found them to be comfortable to wear for extended periods.
B008AXY38Y Puma Men's Cell Surin White/Flamescarlet/Black Very Comfortable, great looking shoe, Puma runs 1/2 size small so order accordingly. will buy again and again and again!
B008AXY38Y Nice shoe but.. Make sure and order these 1/2 size larger than you would normally buy as they fit tight in the toe area.Also there is no shoestring tab on the tongue for keeping it from sliding to the side. B-
B008AXY38Y Perfect Fit I read all the reviews about these shoes being somewhat smaller, than the size said. So I went to Academy, tried on a pair, and they fit perfect. I wear a size 10, and that's what I ordered. Again, they did fit perfectly. I use to only buy Nike, but now, after buying this pair of Puma's, I plan to stick with this brand. I do like the way they fit in the width part. I don't know, that may be where everyone else is having problems. All I know is I love these shoes!!!!
B008AZG59W Size was correct Having the shoes fit the appropriate size was great! Some shoes are usually +- .5 a size but these fit correctly. Very Comfortable to run in as well.
B008AZG59W Go larger for a comfy fit I've learned with Pumas to go at least a half size larger than your usual size. I went a whole size bigger with these since the 11.5 wasn't available. But they are still comfy and not too big. Puma running shoes also are sized for a narrow to medium width foot. Light and spongy they are a great sneaker for long on-your-feet work days. Plenty ventilation so stay away from puddles. Pumas also offer great styling and always get compliments.
B008AZG59W ordered size 13 got size 12 it fits him but wish it what i had ordered.  he likes them good shoes they just need to watch sizes.
B008AZLCBI SMALL TOE 7 and half is my size for Nike, Adidas, Footjoy and Cole Haan. But I should select  size 8 for next time but I don't buy.
B008AZLCBI Tiny Feels like a 9.5 not 11.5  Have to return them and get a bigger size maybe 12.5-13.  Like the color and style
B008B0MGQ2 Order Larger Size These run small, order half to full size larger. Good looking shoes, comfortable. Not really a running shoe, more for casual wear.
B008B0MGQ2 Somewhat small I live in Ecuador and wearing size 42 shoes, for that reason I ordered the shoes in size 9.5, but I left a little tight and if I'm wearing long cause pain in the fingers.
B008BXRZ9W runs small My daughter could not get her foot into this shoe.  She has a deep instep and it was small overall.
B008E5USMI Items Run Small Very cute shirt.  However, if runs very small so order a size up!  If you are a little busty, be careful.  This shirt is designed to fit a small waited individual.  I have a medium built it the medium was very border line for me.
B008EXQBU8 Puma tends to run a little narrow...know this and order these now! In my experience PUMA runs a little small. From Athletic Flats to Trail Runners, PUMA is consistently on the short and narrow side. Knowing this I ordered a half to full size up. I'm usually a fit 8 or a bloated 8.5 -Yes I retain water in my feet during my special lady time each month. My 9 was an excellent choice.  As far as these Trail Runners, the Faas 300  are as light as any light-weight track sneaker and as traded as any hiking sneaker and most boots Ive ever owned, with great air flow. Light weight and airy with stand out tread and great stability. A woman couldn't ask for a better TR partner...5 Stars but order a half size up!
B008EXQTBO cool shoes for a great pirce The larger your feet the better chance you will need to go one size up.  I normally wear 13 and I got 14 and they were perfect.  Other reviews have suggested a 1/2 size larger but I had to use one size up.  Cool looking comfortable shoes.
B008EXQTBO Order half a size bigger. Now that I've had these for a few weeks, I think I can give a pretty fair review.I get new shoes about every five years, but went a little longer this time. After the doctor ordered I get new shoes, I decided now was a good time to replace my Pumas. It wasn't long till after I perused Puma's website that I found these. I instantly fell in love.I normally get white or blue themed shoes, but I wanted something black this time--but not too black. These were perfect.First, the colors. The black isn't too black, more like a charcoal in person. There are areas of the shoe that have a glossy black. The neon green makes everything pop, and the blue trimming and inside--which is my favorite shade of blue--really seals the deal. I've wanted a pair of Pumas with the puma on the sides, but I still like the old Puma logo. These are perfect in that the cat is placed on the inner sides of the shoe, where the classic Puma logo remains on the outer sides. Two for one.The white on the bottom is bright, but will get dirty right away, as you'd expect. The "Cell" line name is on the bottom as well. The shoelaces are black, but have a gray line running in the middle of each.Also, to ease the process of putting them on, each shoe has a rubber tab on the tops of the tongues. Lastly, there's a nice little white puma on the fronts.Now, the reason for the one star off. I'm a 9.5 in shoe size, and have been getting shoes ranging from 9 to 10.5. As I reasoned that Pumas are mostly true to my size (though many claim they run half a size small), I ordered a 9.5 when they were on sale, and I also had a coupon. They fit perfectly around the house. It wasn't till I wore them a whole day that I realized my mistake. I should've listened to the other people and ordered a half size bigger. My feet were killing me.But it was too late to return them. I was going to have to tough them out.What makes this pair unfortunately tight was that they had extra padding on the inside. Which is a good thing, obviously. But know that that extra padding will force you to order a half size bigger than your foot size.But after a few weeks, the shoes have stretched, and they are nearly perfect to my feet. They're still a bit snug, to be sure, but I'm certain that after a little more time they'll stretch a bit more. I like my Pumas true-to-fit, anyhow.Plus, since these are running shoes, they have that extra sole on the bottom, which make these all the more comfortable.I use them for casual wear instead, and I think they're great.
B008EYO4TW Cute shoe, but runs small This is a cute shoe, and the styling makes it nice enough to wear to work (strappy detail, and no big PUMA logo), but it does run small. I had to buy one full size up from my normal size so I could add an insert for more padding. These shoes are more casual flat than sneaker, and are more constrained/less soft than the Zandy. I expect them to be pretty comfortable once they loosen up a bit.
B008EYO4TW runs small I don't know why Puma's shoes run small, and it really drives me nuts. But I have returned these shoes and hopefully will buy a different pair.
B008EYO4TW Great Style for great Calue This is my third pair of puma ballerinas and I love them. I tend to agree with other customers on the size and recommend purchasing a 1/2 size larger than your regular size.
B008EYO4TW Look at the image from the top down closely. I got these as a gift for my wife.When you look at the image of the shoe from above looking down at the top of the shoe you notice that most human feet are not shaped like that. To get the toes in there people are ordering half size to big. That is what we did. They seemed to fit at first so we kept them and put them away for an the right time to wear them. (They are not appropriate for where my wife works and with children we don't get out much). Then my wife tried to wear them when we were going out somewhere and found that as she was getting ready, before we even left the house, the back was rubbing her when her foot slide forward and back. Remember these are a half size too big. The stiffness of the material contributed greatly to the problem.To overcome having to by a size larger we stopped at the drug store on our way out and she got a self adhesive gel heel insert that sticks to where the heel of a women's dress shoe rubs the skin and cushions it.She has not worn the shoes since and never wore the same style in a different color. I guess I didn't get a great gift.
B008EYO4TW Love them but watch out for size I knew what size I needed ahead. I had to get them 1 size more that what I normally use. But they are VERY confortable. I had puma shoes before and love them!
B008EYO4TW I wanted to love these I was so excited to find flats that were stylish while performing a bit more like a tennis shoe. They looked perfect and were going to be great for wearing on the weekend with my skinny jeans, but they just don't fit right. I noticed that most people said they ran small, so I ordered a 1/2 size up. That was good advice... kind of. I could tell that my normal size would have been too small, but the 1/2 size up didn't fit quite right either. I have a narrow foot and the width was fine, but while they were loose around my heel they were oddly tight in the toe box (even though my toes were not at the very front of the shoe). I could tell that I would have a blister by the end of the day if I tried to make them work. My search continues.
B008EYO4TW Run small! Love the look of these shoes! However, I usually wear a 9, but in the past have needed a 9 1/2 in Puma flats. Ordered a 9 1/2 in these and they are too small.
B008EYO4TW Versatile shoes Definitely glad I read the other reviews because I ordered half a size larger and they fit great. I haven't had a chance to wear them more than once. The top seemed like it would rub on my outside toes but once I was wearing them it didn't seem to bother me. Love the look of these. Very easy to dress up or dress down.
B008EYO4TW Great flats for walking First, the other reviewers are correct, these shoes run a little small so order a half size up. I normally wear a 9 1/2 and I ordered a 10 and they fit perfectly. They look like a cute flat but feel like a super comfy sneaker. I walk 2 miles a day to get to and from work, and they have been great!!
B008EYP1K8 I ordered too large a size. I normally wear a 10 1/2, so I ordered a size 11.  Unfortunately, they were too big and probably a 10 would be too small.  However, they look adorable and are very practical.
B008EYP1K8 fun & sporty I'm on my feet most of the day and wanted a fashionable, comfortable flat appropriate for an office setting. These are dressy enough for business casual but also pairs perfectly with jeans, capris, a skirt, dress... anything!I noted from other reviews that they run small so I ordered a half size up to an 8.5. They were way too big so I exchanged them for my usual size 8 and they fit perfectly.The only dislike I have is that they are not 100% comfortable out of the box. I think this has something to do with the stiffer textile materials, especially around the top of the shoe (near the toes); however, I can already tell the fit is improving with every wear. I am already looking into a second pair in a different fun color.
B008F063BM Nice shoes but run small Nice shoes, but do run small and narrow, order a size up. I would love to keep it but didn't fit, will need to order a size up.
B008F063BM Runs quite small Purchased these through an Amazon Lightning deal and loved the look of the sneaker. However, I had to return them because they were quite small. I always wear a size 8 and usually have no problem with shoe fit. These sneakers were at least a half size small and, if I ordered them again, would probably go up a whole size. As a previous reviewer mentioned, there is no way I could wear socks with these shoes in my regular size.
B008F063BM PUMA Women's Drift Cat 4 This shoe runs small.After reading the reviews I ordered a half size up and it was still too snugI wish it would have fit though because the shoe itself is beautiful.The photo does not do it justice.
B008F06A5Q Perfect runners I went a size up in these because everyone mentioned the small fit. So glad I did! They fit perfectly. I'm normally a size 10 and have quite a wide foot, 11 fit like a dream. The colours are great and vibrant. I've gone for runs outside and gone to the gym with these and they are very comfortable.Definitely recommend!
B008F06KB0 Size I love them because they are Minnesota Vikings colors but I should have gotten a little bigger size. Kinda snug.
B008F06KB0 Sizing runs big I was looking for a low profile pair of shoes for walking in the summer. Loved the look of these but when I tried them on at home they were way to big and I ordered two sizes a size up from my normal size and my normal size. Also when tied there was a gap on the side of the shoe which was odd. Returned both pairs. Still looking.
B008F0LPDS puma mens lab11 fabric fashiom sneaker was too small i love the shoe but we ordered size 10,5.  but it was too small./once again amazon staff did not want to accommodate us to get a smaller size. it was one size too small. i had a live chat with a consultant and they did not want to go the extra mile to check and see if there was a size smaller. i was not happy with the overall service of amazon
B008F1798M Good quality, small fit. Quality is good but size runs a little small. I normally wear a men's large, but if I could order again I would definitely go extra large.
B008F17R2K Very comfortable very light and comfortable... i had bought before my size but they a bit small, i ordered a bigger size this time... is very good. To bad i had to keep the other ones since is not worth it to return them because postage is to expensive
B008F17R2K 1/2 size bigger The shoe is really light wieght.... You hardly know you have it on, but it hurts my feet. I think I needed a half size bigger. I have a pretty small foot. I am 54 though and have always wore a size 9. Maybe if I could of got a half size bigger it would be the ticket. The price is really good and it is a sharp shoe, but my feet are really sensitive and I have to have a comfortable shoe.
B008F17R2K 1/2 size small About Half a size smaller and the shoe is narrower as well. My foot where in pain after 30 min of walking..
B008F17R2K Runs Very Small I liked the look of the shoe, but it ran far too small in both length and width.  Order larger for yourself.
B008F17R2K Too small My shoe's size is 8.5 and so far all the shoes I've gotten online fit well. This one was too small for me. I was unable to return this pair of shoes for a better fit as I had to travel overseas for a few weeks and at the end I gave them to my brother. The design is superb, really good quality and the colors are really good. I would've given 5 stars, but with the size issue I give only 3 stars. If you want to get these shoes, get a size 0.5 bigger than usual.
B008F17R2K Sizing is way off. I wear a size 13 shoe and a 13-14 sneaker.I ordered a 14, but it is way too small for me, feels like a 12.5 or 13 at best.Keep this in mind when ordering the Puma.
B008F17R2K 1/2 size small They look great and are good quality but the are a little small.  Because of the rubber outside try might take a little longer to break in.
B008F17R2K Love These Shoes Although I am only in my second day wearing these shoes and can't tell you how they last,I can tell you they are very comfortable and they get alot of positive attention.They seem to run a little small but it worked for me because I seem to be between a 9.5 and 10..So be careful if your chosen size is snug.
B008F17R2K Puma pleasantly surprises I bought these shoes on impulse as Amazon was offering a special deal on the model. I fully expected to wear them for one run, then retire them to the comfortable-but-underwhelming errand & chore shoe pile. I was, however, pleasantly surprised on that first run, and I have continued to choose these shoes over my more expensive Mizuno Nirvanas and New Balance Minimus. These shoes manage the near-impossible task of being good-looking and performance-enhancing. They have A LOT of spring to them! They offer more support that I'm used to, but the surprising amount of bounce in the sole helps overcome the added weight of the motion control structures. They are a bit on the narrow side, so I recommend buying a half to full-size larger than your normal street size.
B008F17R2K They are okay. These shoes run SMALL! order up a size!They look nice but not very practical for actual running the plastic pieces on the side seem very flimsy.
B008F17R2K i ordered a half size larger than i normally wear great for the price, comfortable and nice looking.i wear an 11.5 but after reading the reviews i ordered a 12 - fits perfect
B008F17R2K puma bioweb Puma bioweb elite was an ultra light shoe. Unfortunately these shoes run really small. I normally wear a 12.5 i ordered a 13. The shoes fit like a 12. which was a bummer. It was a great price for some ultra light weight cross trainers. You just gotta get  the right size.
B008F17R2K Great looking shoe Only problem is that it was a little small. Had to return it for a half size larger than I usually wear.
B008F17R2K Looks good but a little snug. As other reviews have stated these run small. I am a 10, but ordered a 10 1/2 and they are snug. If your foot is wide, these may not be the shoe for you.
B008F17R2K Stylish and Trendy A very good looking shoe, I purchased it a half size larger because of reviews saying it ran small, but it wasn't too cramped and left a little wiggle room.
B008F17R2K Comfortable shoes and a note about the size These shoes are good looking, light weight, and comfortable. One point is that the Puma logo on it is not that obvious (I have the black in black one) it's quite small, so people may not easily recognize the brand, I know some of you may not care about this but just wanted to mention it. Another point that another reviewer mentioned (thanks to him) which is extremely important is the size; make sure you order your size +1 or at least +0.5. I personally wear 9.5 and 10 in some brands, so I decided to go ahead and order 10.5 for this order based on that review and I'm glad I did, 10.5 was the perfect size for me unlike all my shoes that range between 9.5 and 10 so keep this in mind.
B008F17R2K Too hard sole makes it uncomfortable to run Sole is hard and uncomfortable. I think it's because of hard plastic on the sides of sole - why they did it? My size is 10 and these shoes fit in width, but longer 0.5 size and feels like 10.5.Have to return it and look for another model.
B008F17R2K Warning about size Be very careful when considering these shoes.Their size chart is SMALLER then most other shoe manufacturersI ordered my standard size, 11,  but based on what I got i'need at least a 12.5
B008F17R2K size matters It is a great running shoe, but order a half size larger than your actual foot size. The weight of the shoe is light but also stable for those who tend to plant on the outside of the foot.
B008F17R2K Not sure if to like it or not.. I have these for a few days now, I must be honest and say they are much less comfortable then expected and smaller then a standard shoe.Luckily I read the comments and followed as the buyers said after experiencing with the shoes.Pros:#These are very beautiful shoes, just looking at them makes me wanna wear them again.#Cheap! bought it at a very cheap price - these were 20$ - 40$ cheaper then any other shoe in the same category.(That's all the good things i have to say about the shoes):(Cons:#Size - The comments the buyers posted in here are true!! These are at least 1 size smaller then they tend to, i am 9.5 (U.S size) and i'm lucky to follow the comments here, because then I would get stuck with unusable shoes.I ordered size 10 (should of been 10.5), they still a bit small but wearable, and they are narrow, but I don't mind it.#Feels on foot - Walking in them for a few days and I still didn't get use to them, they actually feels like a Chinese wooden shoe, pretty weird, and those are supposed to be a running shoes! lolA chinese wooden shoe:[...]When pressing with the big toe forward, like trying to stand on them, it feels like I'm standing on the ground, for some reason I can't feel any support from the shoe for the toe, and just thinking about running with them makes me not wanting to even try, how the hell one should run with these unsupportive shoes, and they are actually not comfortable to wear, even though I am sitting all day long at the office, when I am back home I feel my legs hurt and I just wanna take the shoes off, maybe that's the size problem, not sure though.I am probably gonna wear these as casual shoes only because they look really good.I must point out that I wear Nike Zoom since 6 years ago, and even when they were already torn they still felt good, moving to "PUMA BioWeb Elite" was a real disappointing experience.They do look good though and very cheap, but I probably should of save more money to buy a better ones.##March 19 2014 Update##After a few months wearing and getting used to the feeling, Decided to go for a run.Had a 20 minutes run and actually, it felt fine.I raised the star rating from 2 to 3. If I could I'd gave it 3.5
B008F17R2K Cautiously optimistic Ordered shoe half size up. Usually an 11 but based on reviews ordered 11.5 and they fit great. They run a little wide which is great for me. The only issue I have is it is a stiff shoe. Hoping when I break in they soften up a little. Great cushioning, terrible insole with no support (which is typical of most shoes these days) so get a good insole with some arch support if you need it.
B008F17R2K Looks and feels very snug.  Great buy!! Nothing much to say other than the fact that they fit perfectly and very light on my feet, perhaps thanks to the construction material in the sole.  The neon green does stand out a bit, just like in the pics, but I guess that's the fashion now, even for an old guy like me in the 40's!!I am a size 8-1/2 but bought a 9 after reading about size and fit from other reviews.  And thanks to those reviewers, the extra half size works out great but I have a feeling that the correct size would have fitted as well.  Shoes are one of those few things that I never thought that I would buy online just because of many mysteries and unknowns with fit and feel.  These shoes definitely broke that myth for me and are here to stay.For how much I paid for these plush free 2-day shipping from amazon, these are definitely a bargain.  My confidence level in buying shoes also has just gotten a huge boost!
B008F17R2K 10 on looks 5 on fit Shoe looks great but runs narrow towards the toes so I'm glad I got a half size larger. Go with a half size larger or you will be sorry.
B008F17R2K WAY TOO SMALL!!! Cool shoe but sizing is TOTALLY OFF and Amazon should warn people.  1/2 to a full size too small.  Incorrectly marked.
B008F17R2K Run very small They have a nice feel to the material but sizing is way off they are 1-1 1/2 size too small
B008F17R2K Size too small. I ordered a half size larger than normal because of some of the reviews and I could have gone up a size and a half from how tight they were.
B008F17R2K beast the shoe itself is very light and it feels awesome i got size 13 it is a bit small for my taste but performs well. it looks menacing!
B008F17R2K size small Shoe looks good quality, very light shoe, nice fit excellent good cushion but some kind of small size half number
B008F17R2K Great product, a little snug, but love it! Alright, I wear a 10.5 with most shoes. I read reviews saying to order a larger size to accommodate the smallness. I ordered an 11. They are a little snug, I probably would've gone with 11.5, but other than that, I love them! I ONLY wear them in the gym, to take care of them. They don't touch the ground on the outside world. I take my street shoes to the gym and switch on and off, etc. I love the carrying bag that they come in! Very nice! After my 2 hour work out, when I take them off, it does feel nice that my feet can breathe (referring to the size)! They do seem delicate, which is why I only wear them in the gym, no matter what. I do an hour of cardio and weights just so you know the performance they are dealing with. They've been used for 1 week so far, and still look brand new! Overall, GREAT!! and flashy =)
B008F17R2K TO SMALL IM SENDING THEM BACK AND GETTING A BIGGER SIZE AND A DIFFERENT COLOR THANK YOU VERY VERY VERY MUCHHAPPY NEW YEARS
B008F17R2K Tight Toe Box I wore these a couple of times and had to give them away. They fit small and have a constricted toe box. I would order a half-size larger.
B008F17R2K Fits excellent I ordered one size bigger following reviews and fits great! I do no use it already but look very good material.
B008F17R2K Amazing shoe I love these shoes. I am an avid runner and have never owned a more comfortable pair. I read a lot of reviews about problems with size but I am a big fan if the puma brand and know to always order a half size bigger. I did the same thing with these shoes and they fit great.
B008F17R2K Too Small These came in too small and I have always worn a size 12 shoe. I ended up giving these to my son that wore a size 11
B008F17R2K It is narrow but lots of comments on brightness As a reviewer mention it is a size to small. So you wear a 9 order a 10. Following another purchaser review I avoided ordering my real size and was able to fit in the shoe ordering one size larger. I have gotten comments on how bright these shoes are. I am looking to get a pair brighter than these just to walk in as I like the feel of these to run my 7 miles a week.
B008F17R2K Great shoe for a great price After reading other reviews I was a little concerned about what size to order and if it was even worth trying.  Since it was the deal of the day - great price - I decided to try and am very glad I did.  As for the size my son - who ran track - said you wanted them very tight, he even orders some shoes one size to small to make sure they are a very tight fit, and he said they stretch out.  I usually wear a size 9 or size 9.5, so with the reviews and his advise I ordered a size 9.  When I tried them on I was a little concerned because they were very tight, but after walking around in them for a couple hours they felt a lot better, and when I ran in them the next day they were great!  Very comfortable shoe, light weight, fits great.  These are now my favorite running shoes.
B008F17R2K why don't you make this is half size they should make this in half size like 12.5 which would have been perfect. it seems that they don't carry or even make an 12.5 size thats bizarre
B008F17R2K Shoe run small get bigger size. Other then the tight fit in front of shoe I like the shoe and the price. Shoe runs small get bigger size.
B008F17R2K good thing I read the reviews It helps to read reviews on items; many listed these as running small and they do, but for me, only a half size; the 10 1/2 fits perfectly whereas I am normally a 10. I own 2 pair now since I liked the 1st so well. I'm not a runner so I cannot speak to the endurance of the shoe but I can speak of the support which feels good.
B008F17R2K It's To Tight For me this product would be fine if one could get a 3E or 4E width. I've been buying New Balance shoes because you could get them extra wide. I nomally wear a 10 4E size shoe. Since I liked the color of the PUMA Men's BioWeb Elite Running Shoe I decided to order a size 11.5 in hope that the extra length would make the width just right. Big mistake my experiment did not work. So I guess I will stick with New Balance. To bad because I really like the color of the PUMA.
B008F17R2K Not a bad product. They are nice and light!  The only reason I did not give it a 5 star is I wish I would have known they were somewhat small I would have gone with a half size bigger!  The first 2 days they hurt my feet but after that they were fine.
B008F17R2K Shoe was a bit small Its a great shoe, generally I wear a size 11, they must have come from the UK. I would like to exchange them for an 11 in a half, if possible. Thanks
B008F17R2K Read reviews! I wish I would of read the reviews on these shoes before I ordered them. They are a bit small. I wear a 10 1/2 slip on shoe and 11 tie shoe. This is a bit small but I can still use them.I never had Puma shoes before.
B008F17R2K Ive got a small size. I find it small.It is not the one I expected.I would like to have a bigger one that this if possible.
B008F17R2K I like them. Excellent,excellent looks great fits good great walking or running. They do run small so order at least 1/2 size larger.
B008F17R2K Great shoe, very comfortable, runs about 1/2 size small so order wisely The shoe looks great and is one of the most comfortable I've ever used. Usually I get blisters running or walking long distances with many shoes, I didn't even get any blisters with these....didn't even have to break them in or get used to them.I read many reviews on here stating that these run small by even a whole size....I usually take a 10.5 and I ordered an 11 and luckily they fit me perfect!
B008F17R2K Order half to one size larger on advice of friends who love this shoe, did order half size larger - and full might work tooas I have narrow feet the shoe fits well as it does for those wider feet than me
B008F17R2K Good Deal, Runs Small The shoes look great but fit a bit small. I own several other pairs of Puma's and always have worn a 12 however with these I would have gone with a 13 for the extra space. I did order another color in the 13 so if those fit better I'll probably go ahead and return them for the bigger size.
B008F195AW cozy the hoodie is very comfortable and the colors look great. the only thing you need to know before buying a puma hoodie is that they run a full size small. large normally fits me perfectly in every brand but puma I'd the exception. luckily I found that out while trying on hoodies at the store.
B008F2DK3O Didn't fit me This top ran a little small.  I normally wear an xs or small and ordered a small and it was just too tight.  I returned it.
B008F2DOOE Stylish These pants fit well and are true to size, I bought them for working out, but my husband says they're cool for wearing out.  Decide to order extras but they're all out of my size. They feel great.
B008J0W0XS Nice shirt Bought this for my husband and he likes it alot. The only thing is that it needs to be ironed, especially the collar. And, with all BMW team shirts, order a size up as they run small!
B008J0W23G Nice shirt Bought this for my husband and he likes it. It's not over the top like some team shirts can be. Don't forget with all there shirts to order a size up as they run small!
B008J0W4P2 Sent the wrong size! I bought this sweater for my husband as a gift and  I ordered X-large specifically because I know the large one of this type is too small for him. I received size L instead although on the website it shoes it X-large! Very dissatisfied. Have to return.
B008J3D40S Order a size up! Looks great on my 2 year old but runs small. Most if her 3t clothes still fit a bit larger but this shirt fits on the snug side. Definitely won't fit her for long, wish I ordered a 4t!
B008JGM4X8 See through From the description i thought this was a nice work out shirt, but it is see through so you would have to wear a tank under it, which to me personally is uncomfortable.  Also, the large is a very very small large.  Normally I wear a medium shirt but got a large because if i cant try it on when i buy it i'll get a size larger than needed, but when i got this, i had to double check and make sure i'd ordered a large... it fit me like a small.  Very displeased, so i sent it back to get a refund.  Also, be careful because they dont refund you the full price!
B008KH204O Size The material was good and very unice but the size was small than age upto 16 year. It is okay for age between 6-10 years.
B008KJ5MWY Somewhat Small I really liked the hoodie but it was smaller than I expected.  I thought I was buying it one size larger but it barely fit.  The next time I will get it 2 sizes larger
B008KJ5MWY Two to three sizes too small! Ridiculously sized hoodie, about half the size it claimed to be. It might be a kids size 7-8 on a good day, and claimed to fit a 12-14.Beautiful jacket, though. Ill keep it as a future gift for some little girl in the future....
B008M7S5NC Good deal, a little small The pair only came out to $24, so it was a great deal.  The size runs a little small.  I wear size 10.5 w/ Onitsuka Tigers, and got these in a size 11, but they still felt small, a size 11.5 would have worked out better.
B008PEJOKK Great design! My son was stoked to get these shoes. He loves the color. However, I purchased the size 9 toddler, and I don't feel that they are much larger than his size 8 shoes now, so I'm not sure that he'll get to wear them long. I don't know if that is typical of Puma shoes or not, but they seem to fit a little small to size.  Otherwise, they are great!
B008PT3Z0K Love Puma These pants just seem to run a bit small for an XLarge size. However, the quality is just what you'd expect from Puma, very nice!
B008QY0KMK Best golf shoe around! I saw that Puma released these shoes in March 2013 for $200 and I thought to myself, &#34;Those must be amazing.&#34; 5 months went by and I noticed that Amazon had them for $92! So I hopped on them as soon as I saw that.  Glad I did.  Got them within 2 days and they are very comfortable.  Very nice support, soft liner around the ankle, and a nice classic look. They look great with whatever you are wearing.I am usually a size 10- 10.5 and I purchased a 10 and they fit just right.  I know from having 4 pairs of Puma golf shoes and running shoes that Puma, in general, run a bit smaller than most brands.  They also run a bit more narrow than most.  I have fairly narrow feet so these fit fine on me.  However, I'm sure on others they would be a bit small.  I would recommend getting a half size larger than you normally do.
B008QY0MWS Wrong size sent I ordered size 7 and was sent a 7.5, not very happy at all.
B008QY0MWS size shoes were a little tight but will loosen up so it is no big deal other than that i am happy with them
B008QY0MWS cut way too small I have a man's normal size (medium) for years and have always worn a 9 1/2. This shoes were ordered in a 10 and they were way too small. Liked the look of the shoe to send back and order an 11. Will update if they fit the way they should.
B008QY0MWS Nice Shoe, But Cut Small The risk of buying shoes without trying them on is different shoes/manufacturers fit differently.  That was the case with these Puma PG Clydes.  I really liked the shoe, but it was just tooooo small.  I wear a size 10 in all dress shoes, and most tennis shoes and golf shoes.  However, I think these were a full size smaller than normal.  So after I tried these on and they were to small,  I ordered the size 11.  I hope they will fit better.
B008QY0MWS Nice gol shoes Maybe they run a half size smaller, or my foot has grown
B008QY0MWS Sharp shoes, run maybe 1/2 size small Very sharp shoes. Nice. I'm very pleased... but indeed in my experience they are about 1/2 size smaller than other shoes of mine. Anf they are for a narrow foot (which was perfect for me).
B008QY0MWS Hit or miss Purchases these shoes for my father after buying the same pair for my self a few weeks back.  I wear a size 13 and they fit me perfectly, extremely confortable and durable as well as stylish and effective.  Unfortunately my father who wears a 10.5 said they were way to snug, hopefully they will be easy to exchange for a larger size
B008QY0MWS Right size, Wrong fit was my right size but very disappointed, it does not fit well--squeezed at the end hurting my figures. (I regret the deal)
B008QY0MWS It's a little bit small, but alright Usually I wear size 8.5 of all PUMA shoes, but this model turns out to be a little bit small for me. It would be better if I took a size 9 pair in the first place, buyers should note it.
B008QY0MWS spikeless golf shoe I read reviews that said these shoes are small in size,They were right,I wear 10.5-11D.I bought 11.5 in size and they fit great.These shoes are very comfortable.I would buy them again.Make sure to order one size larger.
B008QY0MWS Size Runs very small The golf shoe is excellent and well built, lightweight with great color but the size runs way too small. it is narrow so if you have a wide foot dont both ordering. you will also need to order a half size bigger than your normal average shoe sie too as it is narrow in the toe too.
B008QY0TJO Puma men's tux For under $60 this was definitely the deal of the month. They are sleek, comfortable and clean well. The only inconvenience was mailing back the first pair. Fortunately it was free shipping. I typically wear size 11 but the puma size 11 was too big. I downloaded the voucher to mail the shoes back and within a week I had my size 10 1/2 and I'm a happy customer.
B008QY1N9O They are a little to Large The shoes are about a size to large. I can wear them but they pinch the top of my feet when I squat down to line up putts. I have to keep them but I will order a size smaller next time.
B008QY1X0S Love the shoes! I've worn these shoes a couple times at the range.  They are very comfortable and fit to size.  They taper at toes a little so if you have wide feet, it may be an option to go a size larger.
B008QY1X0S At least .5 size too small These shoes are great except the first pair was a little too small by at least a .5 size. The thing with Puma I've noticed is that their sizes arent too consistent. I could not find these in local stores, even Dicks or Sports Authority so I tried on Puma's there to try and get a fitting size I would need. Was debating between a 10 and 10.5 so I ordered the 10.5 to be safe. But the 10.5 ended up being too small so reordered an 11. Other than running small these shoes look great and are comfortable.
B008QY1X0S size runs small. A little bit tight in my toes up front. Hopefully they will break in and stretch about a half inch.
B008QY1X0S Too small Husband wears a 10.5 shoe, but these were way too tight in the front. Ordered a wide in a different color since this one was not available. We will see how it fits.
B008QY1X0S Love them, but got wrong size Went to store and tried on a different Puma shoes design. My normal size was too big, so I ordered these a half size smaller thinking that maybe Puma's ran big. Got my pair, great shoes, but a bit too small. Very sad that the correct size is not available. :-(
B008QY1X0S Puma AMP Sport Golf Shoe Seems like good quality; Also seems the size runs small......I typically wear size 10; the 10.5 I ordered are still a little snug.....may stretch after I wear them.
B008QY1X0S Too large for me It is just too large...I can not believe it is a size of 9...My other shoos are all size of 9..
B008QY1X0S order .5 size larger Runs a bit small. But they are comfy and great looking. My husband loves them. The grip on the bottom works well on slick grass.
B008QY3N5Q Love these shoes! I wear a size 10.5 regular shoe size. But many times if I get a (M) or regular size, they  always turn out to be too narrow. So I end up either purchasing a size larger or wider . I took a chance on purchasing this 10.5 golf shoes in M. These shoes fit perfectly. I'm glad I didn't buy them in a size larger. Just used them yesterday and they are super comfortable and with great grip. They have the permanent small spikes as the street golf shoes do, as well as the replaceable S2Quill spikes (6).  For the price, I highly recommend these shoes and would purchase another pair in a heart beat.
B008R40UCY Cool sneakers but... Very cool and stylish but they kind of run large. No half sizes.It is best to get a size smaller.
B008R9Y0V6 very comfortable I ordered 1/2 size larger and add a shoe pad, it fits very well. Received many compliments and I'm searching for other colors...
B008RAGKBS Next I will bwe sure of the size chart The size was two size smallest. All of all great shoes, nice design. Just was I looking in a sports shoe
B008RAGKBS somewhat large I haven't ordered Puma an along time, so I took a chance an ordered half size bigger.Does Puma make their size bigger.
B008RAGKBS Cool These shoes pop! I don't think they would be much of a running shoe because they are fairly flat with small arches but they are still pretty comfortable. I thought they would be a little small being that i have a large size 13 foot but they run true. Very pleased.
B008RAGKBS As for size, Puma seems to run  small The shoes are well made and of high quality. I like them but I had to return them as they are too tight.
B008RB17OM Fashionable and Durable This is a really good quality and importantly, fashionable, product for youth. Highly recommend, keeping in mind that Puma shoes generally run smaller by a half to one full size small than actual worn size. Would not show them off wearing in rain and dirt, outer may suffer and require pro cleaning methods, maybe.
B008RB3J48 Really cool shoes! These bad boys are currently on sale at about half the price, so that's a steal if you ask me. Especially because I'm a big fan of the team :) Like most Pumas, they run a size small so order a size bigger than you usually would. I loved these so much, I got them in gray as well, really good buy!
B008RLXJCK Puma golf shoes I chose this product because the design appealed to me. Ordering on line is a gamble because the product may not fit, the size was too large or small, the fabric may not be to your liking.The Puma Women's Golf Shoe was all it was advertised to be, perfect fit, material, color and size.I would buy a Puma product again especially women's golf shoes.
B008RLXJCK Well made. Good fit. My daughter picked these golf shoes for her high school golf team. Glad to find nice womens golf shoes in larger sizes. (10.5)They fit was very nice, exact size she wears in an athletic shoe (1/2 size up from her street size). I thought they would look line nurses shoes, but they are cute. She really likes them.
B008S353LW very narrow :( i have never bought a pair of puma's before so i wasnt sure how they would fit. i read some of the reviews and they said to order a half size to a whole size bigger. so i ordered a whole size larger. i just got them today and they are VERY narrow!! they are not for chubby feet. they fit length wise good. they are roomy in the toes, which i always like. i cant stand crunched toes. so i would say the same thing,to order a half size larger or a whole size larger than you normally wear in other shoe brands. if you like a more snug fit i would say order a half size bigger. but if you are like me and you like them roomy them a whole size bigger. i do love the color though!! they look exactly like the photo! i gave them a 3 because they arent wide enough for my taste. if they were wide enough i would say a 4. i would recommend this shoe still though i would just say to order big and they arent for wide feet.
B008VQO9AC Would order again and again... Love these shoes! I've worn other Pumas in the past and loved them but they were made out of different materials so I was hoping these wouldn't fit different! They don't, they fit perfectly! Would recommend them to anyone! For anyone wondering about sizes, the sizes run a bit small, I'm usually a 9-9.5 but have to order 10s in these. Delivery estimate was a week to a week and a half, and they got here in 3 days! Super fast shipping!!
B008VQOGQ4 Great looks and comfort These little boots and very comfortable for walking or standing on the job.  They run a little small, so order 1/2 size up. The wine color is quite stylish for Fall.
B008VUJBLA Too small They were too small. I need a size 6. I should have ordered a size 6. I returned them today. Via ups
B008VUJBLA dont fit.. sizing is off too tight. Too small for my lil guys feet.His other size 5 sneakers fit. Back to Nike... They just fit. These too tight.
B008VUJBLA Not happy I usually wear a 5 1/2 but theses pumas run a lil tight  now I can't wear them ...so buy a size bigger
B008VV0TJ2 Perfect! I'm a huge fan of pumas and these had navy and gold which matched my daughter's uniforms perfectly. Pumas generally run a little small but I would actually say these are true to size. They are extremely flexible and lightweight.
B008VV1KZE my son's new favorite shoe These were a big hit with my 8 year old.  They look cool, are very light, help him run "fast", and still are available with a velcro closure.  It makes the busy mornings a bit easier.  They run small and we had to return the size 1 he usually wears and get a size 2.
B0097YHQ16 I like them I usually wear 8 1/2 which is what size I purchased, they are a little too small on the width. I would go up half a size if I were to order another pair. Besides that they are good shoes to wear out but, I wouldn't use them as work shoes or work out shoes. Quality was different then I expected but, I think it's just the material that I am not used to. The shoes look great although I was worried about the yellow on the shoe it doesn't look bad.
B0097YHQ16 love this shoe but a tad small when ordering puma go up a size 1/2 bigger I love the style and quality of this shoe I wear a 81/2 should have got a 9 because the 81/2 is a little to snug but would order again and will later only gonna go with 9 next time
B0097YHQ16 Love my new Puma shoes I was little concern about the size because I had Puma shoes before that I ordered in 7.5 size and were too big. This ones are also 7.5 but fit just right. Combination of colors looks very nice.
B0097YHQ16 super comfy beautifully made, great colors, super comfy... good price. order a half size up from your "Normal Size". Love these sneaks... ordering more colors
B0098IBSTM Satisied Was very satisfied with the overall product and quick delivery. I tried this brand in a store to ensure size needed as I wear a 10 1/2 normal size and found I needed a size 12 in this brand, Could have been 11 1/2 but, overall satisfied. if I didnt know about the different size needed then it would have been the wrong size though. Just an FYI
B0098IBSTM Nice Grips I went up a half size because recommendations on PUMA were correct, so if you are a size 10 go with the 10 1/2. Great fit, extremely light sneaker...
B0098IBSU6 1 size smaller. The shoes looked good but fit 1 size small. Big toe was being pushed. Not too tight, just too small.
B0098ICASK size problem I like very much this running shoe but ...I can not use because the size does not fit at all with the size chart,and I have no way to return because I'm not in USA (too big)
B009FD25EC They are great! These shoes look amazing! I got the Dark Shadow/Black. Let me tell you, the green pops! Everyone notices them and they are extremely light and comfortable. I love them and if you are planning on buying them I say yes! Don't be on the fence anymore, you need these! Make sure to get the appropriate size to your feet. I always get my exact shoe size since I don't have wide feet and Pumas always fit me perfectly but I've noticed on here that people say to go a size up. If you are used to other shoes then maybe that's a good idea but I find that for me I don't have to.
B009FD25EC a kind of small to be a 9.5 size Kind of small I had to put them on sale but its a nice model and confortable, just need to chek the zize.
B009FD2LM8 Need new pair To tight on my feet. Should try a half size larger. Felt like a fat lady in al bundy 's shoe store.
B009FD2LM8 Runs small These are some great light weight shoes.  I bought a pair of these in my size, but had to return them because they were to small.  I bought a half size bigger and they fit great.
B009FD2LM8 Better Pumas out there The shoe was too small. I should have ordered 1/2 size larger. Had to send them back. I did not re-order. The width is a normal fit. All in all, I wasn't too excited about this shoe.
B009FD2LM8 Looks sharp, fits poorly I also ordered one size up per the other reviewers.  The problem isn't the heal to toe size.  I wear a 12, and ordered a 13. The shoe doesn't have a traditional &#34;tongue&#34; which I think is the problem.  It looks like it has a built in sock so to speak.  So it's a very narrow fit. The size up I ordered didn't help that.  Now the shoes are almost an inch too long from the tip of my toe. They look great, and I will wear them as a casual shoe since the price for this color was less than half retail when I ordered it.  But I will not be able to do any sort of exercise with them as I had hoped. And I assume the more I wear it, the more the sides will stretch out and make it more comfortable.TL;DR too narrow and shallow of a shoe. If you're in love with the style and the price is right, go ahead and order the size up. Just be forewarned.
B009FD2LM8 Too Small Too small compared to 11.5 US,side by side, with Nike. Looks nice. However, if you can't wear it,Just no point in having the shoe. Will return.
B009FD2LM8 Runs very small As other reviews note, this show runs small.  I bought them initially in my standard size, but couldn't even get my feet in them.  I returned them for a half size bigger.  They fit, but very snugly.  I probably should have gone a full size up, but I was concerned about them being too loose at that point.
B009FD2LM8 Nice shoes, but very tight fit Shoes look great in person and I like material they are made of. Break-in takes a while and the sizes are just a little on the small side. I normally wear a MEN'S size 9.5, but after trying these on in a store, I decided to get 10's and they are still rather tight on my feet. Once they fully break-in though, I think they'll be just right. Very comfortable arch support by the way!
B009FD2LM8 To big The were fine but Shoes to were to big for me. Need to change for another size. Smaller. Thank you
B009FD2LM8 Nice looking sneakers but... too small, had re order next larger size which hopefully will fit well, otherwise they looked great, and seemed good quality
B009FDO3U6 I received the wrong size First let me start by saying that I work overseas and it's impossible for me to return any item back to the States for less than $100. These shoes only costed me $70.I ordered a size 13 and you sent me a size 12. These shoes are too small and cannot be worn. A waste of $70. Amazon you can do better.
B009FDO3U6 Very nice style I love these shoes. My son is normally a size 6 in kids; so I purchased a size 6.5 in mens and it fits perfectly. The larger sizes definitely tend to run small (my other son is normally a size 11.5, so im awaiting a size 13 because the size 12 was too small).
B009FDPVRK Runs 1/2 a size small Usually I wear a 9.5, but my toes are a little scrunched in these, even after a few months of wear and loose tying.  I would recommend going up a half size.  Otherwise these shoes are light and comfortable, but those with extra wide feet might want to look elsewhere.
B009FDPVRK Outstanding Feel and Very Light I really love these shoes thus far.  They are light, and they are not terribly cushioned, so you get the control and feel of being nearly barefoot.  If you want a nice thick pillow to walk/run on, these are not for you.Great look and feel.  I read the reviews, and I bought a size larger.  The fit could not be more perfect.Typically wear a 12D and bought the 13.
B009FDPVRK No! These shoes are not what they advertise as I had ordered size 12 and put them against my size 12 nike and there was about a three inch difference. I would like to get a refund for these shoes as they are extremely tight
B009FDPVRK Great but... The shoes feels great, but it does seem to fit tighter than the size, therefore, if I had to buy the shoe again, I would purchase size 11 (normally I wear 10.5). Is a tight fit, ok for me but some people will feel it too tight
B009FDPVRK Very light. The shoe itself is very light. You should definitely order one size higher than you usually would though. I wear size 9 and bought a size 9.5. It may have been a better idea to order size 10. It does run a bit small. Other than that, it's a very good pair of running shoes.
B009FDPVRK Ouch These shoes were extremely comfortable at first once I got the right size. I usually wear a size 10, but these I had to order a 10.5 and they are a little tighter than most of my size 10 shoes, but are the right fit. After wearing these for about 2 months fairly frequently with no issues these now leave blisters on both feet when I work out AND are now extremely uncomfortable. These are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever purchased. Avoid and purchase another option.
B009FDPVRK One size smaller than other shoes Not a bad idea to order one size up. Very thin material. Sole not soft enough. Feels like your toes are sticking out when you jog.
B009FDPVRK order a size larger i wear a 9.5 and got these in 10.5 based on the reviews. a 10 might have worked but always order on the safe side when doing this online.
B009FDPVRK Can't beat the price for my use I am a woman with an 11.5N foot.  I usually order Men's 10.5D sneakers because I like more room in the toe box than I can get in a woman's shoe. I ordered the Puma 10.5D and exchanged them for the 11D because the 10.5D fit like a 9.5D.  I only went up a half size on the exchange because I wasn't sure how much more room I'd get with this manufacturer and I figured that I could always exchange these again if necessary for another half size up.The 11D are snug, but not horribly snug as to be uncomfortable.  If I were planning on wearing these for actual athletic activity as opposed to just doing daily chores about the house, in the garden, or running about town, I would size these up a full size.  Additionally I must say that there if you are purchasing these for running, buy another shoe.  The support in these is minimal - akin to wearing bedroom slippers (seriously).
B009FDR416 Cute Shoe, terrible fit I ordered these in my regular size, and found them to be too small. I exchanged them for a half size bigger and found they still dont fit like they should.
B009FDR416 Returned for a larger size. Usually, I wear a 9, but the 9.5 fit best. The return was quick, easy, and painless. The shoe is very comfortable.
B009FDR416 THIS BRAND IS SMALLER SIZE THAN OTHERS UNFORTUNATELY I ORDERED SIZE 11 FOR PUMA SHOES, IN THIS BRAND EVERYBODY HAVE TO WEAR ANOTHER BIGGER SIZE,,,I ORDERED ANOTHER SHOES SIZE 11 (DIESEL SHOES) AND THAT ONES FIT PERFECT,,,,,BAD I COULDNT EXCHANGE PUMA SIZE 11 FOR 12 BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE THIS DESIGN
B009FE8MB6 Fits Too Large These shoes I had to return because the sizing is too large.  So large, they felt like they would slip off when I tried walking in them.  Perhaps I'll just order a full size smaller of these in the summer time.
B009FE8QLM a bit large... they run a bit large... like 1/2 size. ugh.... i gotta send them back to get a smaller size. :-(
B009FLISB8 we need a smaller size of it size 8 please can you get smaller sizes of this sneakers. for people that have smaller legs like me. thank you. I need it in a size 8us
B009FLJKWY Too small I bought a 9 1/2 and it was too small.  Returned and got a 10 fit ok without sox but now that fall is comming it is also too small.  I don't know why a shoe would be a full size too small.
B009FM3XO4 Fit as Expected As typical with Puma shoes, the sizing is somewhat smaller than I'm use to as compared to most U.S. shoes. Knowing this I ordered a size larger than I normally use and the result is that these fit perfectly...
B009FM4BCW Quality great, size larger than expected. Every Puma shoe/sneaker/cleat I have ever purchased for my son has run small (and I have bought a lot of them). Until now. These seem to run big. I was definitely surprised by that, but I was not surprised by the quality. They are a really nice pair of shoes overall. Just beware that you might need to consider a half size down on them.
B009FM4GK4 They run about a half size larger than other PUMAs. Ive owned 4 different pairs of PUMA shoes and Ive always been a size 12, however with these they are quite a bit larger than a normal 12. I had to send mine back in for a 11.5 which seems to work just fine. The toe of the shoe is very soft so I can see them possibly ripping with serious skateboarding. I bought these for around town longboard cruises.
B009FM64EK Too big, still nice. I really like these shoes, problem is, they are too big, so I had to return. Another problem would be that the website I purchased them through had the size I needed, but Amazon only had the size I purchased and the size below it available. Didn't make much sense. Anyway, the shoes are still nice, they would be better though on my feet, heh.
B009FM6GKM Nice shoes Quality shoes. I ordered a 8.5us but it feels a bit smaller, Best to order one size bigger. Will buy again
B009FM6GKM extremely small Buy these shoes size 11 since I buy all Cougars are this size and to my surprise I can not put me.
B009FMRLQU Great! These are nice shoes. They do look exactly as the product picture. They are VERY lightweight, so much you would thing they won't last long, but they seem very well made. I got these for $30, right now I see them for more than $45, not sure if they are worth that much but they are a good pair of shoes. I have bought like 5 pairs of puma's from amazon, always size 12 and they're all perfect fit, however these ones fit somewhat small, they feel tight but not painful tight. I'd recommend getting them half size bigger. Overall it's another fine product from puma, never lets me down.
B009FMSK1A Size difference? My other size 10 Pumas fit like magic. These ones cut off the circulation to my pinky toes. Good shoes, bad sizes.
B009FMSK1A Perfect fit. Order these based on a review that they run small. So I ordered the next size up. Perfect fit. They are very light and comfortable for my needs around the house. Supports the ankle better.
B009FN614C Tight Fix I ordered a half size bigger than I normally wear but when I tried on this shoes they were too tight around the toes. Once I wore them a few time they got more comfortable.
B009FN614C Nice sneakers and comfy I got a half size larger because reviews said they fit small on most! Not me! The are 1/2 size to big. So j will be giving them away! But they came in great time and are what I expected.
B009FN614C This is the wrong size I ordered a size 8.5 and got an 8. My feet are too big for this. I want a bigger size.
B009FN614C Adorable I love the shoes, I normally wear a 7 but had read they run small so ordered 7.5, those are even a little snug. Next time I would buy a full size up.
B009FN614C Just the right size I bought these for my God Daughter and they were the perfect size for her with a great fit and also very comfortable.  She especially looooved the color and the fact that they were wedge sneaker and I looooooved the price :)  I actually have them in black with flourescent green which gets me alot of compliments when I wear mines.  So they are pretty much true to the size and I wear 9 1/2, I could probably wear a 10 also with thick socks.
B009FN614C amazing deal I bought this for $28 free shipping. How can you beat that? It is one of the best wedge sneakers out there.  It looks like hi tops. I can dance and do kickboxing on it. It fits true to size. Usually I go half size bigger but not with this one
B009FN614C They run small I love the wedge, love the style, and I like the shoes. The run a little small. I got a 7 1/2, and if I wear these for more than 4 hours or so, it's apparent that I should have ordered an 8. Other than that, they're great.
B009FN614C These are hot!!! Absolutely love these puma wedges!!! They do run a little big. I am a 7.5 and these feel like an 8. Should have ordered a size 7. Other than that they are just fab.
B009FN614C Sporty, trendy, comfy wedge sneakers I love these PUMA Sky Wedge sneakers!  I purchased them in black/limestone gray so that I could coordinate them with black leggings, gray leggings, and jeans.  I am a true size 7 and ordered both the size 7 and 7.5 to compare sizing.  The size 7 fit perfectly; I could wear a thin pair of socks and be comfortable.  The size 7.5 was comfy and roomy but, I'd probably have to wear a thick pair of socks; plus, my feet looked a bit too large in the size 7.5.  The wedge is hidden really well within the shoe and there is a lot of cushioning in the shoe so, it's super comfortable.  I haven't worn them out yet but, walking around my house, I felt absolutely zero pain or discomfort.  And, the price of these shoes is unbeatable.  Most fashionable and brand-name wedge sneakers are selling for $100+ (normally $200+) so, these were a real steal!  Would definitely recommend.
B009FNMVBY Comfy barefoot feel - runs a full size small I have been looking for a pair of flat shoes that don't look too girly, too sporty, or too dull - these are it!  They are very supple and soft - and they have a true barefoot feeling to them (if you don't want to REALLY feel the pavement under your feet, these are not for you).  Thanks to other reviewers, I ordered a full size larger than my regular 8.5, and the fit is just right.  I do sometimes wear a 9, so if you are at the smaller end of your regular size, a half size up may be sufficient.  I wore these for a full day the first time I put them on and I had no sore spots whatsoever.  The elastic is somewhat tighter than it needs to be, I think - and while it is very soft and doesn't rub at all, it does have the effect of pushing your foot forward into the toe box a little.  I think this will diminish over time - and even so, it's an extremely comfortable shoe.  I may order another pair to wear as slippers!
B009FNMVBY Great shoe Very comfortable and a cute shoe. Loved it. Only issue was the size is one size too small I'm a 7.5 so I ordered an 8 to be safe and it's still a little snug.
B009FNMVBY Be Size Aware for Puma I just wanted to clarify a size issue for this shoe...I own two colors and ordered 1/2 size larger than my normal 9 but after wearing them maybe weekly for months they are now too big and literally fall off my feet like slippers!  The quality of the leather is excellent and like all good leather will stretch.  Just something to think about depending how your foot fits your size.  I am now buying 9's so when they stretch, they'll fit perfect!  They are a 10 on a scale of 1-10 for comfort and one of my favorite all-time ballet flats!
B009FNNAT6 Size problem The shoes are nice and goodQuality, but the size is running too small. I always use size 7.5 but this one doesn't fit me. Maybe a size 8 could be better.
B009FNNFC8 after reading reviews, I ordered them smaller. Wish I hadn't I read a lot of reviews that said these shoes fit larger than pumas other shoes. So I decided to order them half a size smaller. They still fit, but I'm wishing I had ordered them in my usual size. They are still comfy and adorable though!
B009G1D7MM RUNS VERY SMALL IT'S A REALLY NICE LOOKING SNEAKER BUT BE WARNED THAT IT RUNS SMALL. I GET MY USUAL SIZE OF 9 AND IT FIT VERY TIGHT. I WAS HOPING THAT AFTER WEARING IT SEVERAL TIMES AND PUTTING IN SHOE STRETCHERS ON A NIGHTLY BASIS, IT WOULD BE A BETTER FIT. BUT  NO SUCH LUCK. DEF SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN HALF A SIZE BIGGER.
B009G1T35M Great looking shoe that won't be looking great on me. I was really looking forward to getting these shoes.  I love the way the lilac pops. Unfortunately, they felt a full size too small.  I have a wider foot and so order up a size to get the width.  These shoes felt fine in the width, but my toes went all the way to the end of the shoe instead of my usual extra room.  No way I could wear them.
B009G1T5YG Nothing wrong, just too small Nice, light and good price but too small..i would like to get a bigger Sizeand wider if possible..do you have any ww?
B009G1T5YG Returned I had to return them , the were half a size too big. And the peach was more of an orange
B009G1T5YG run small so order larger Great shoes but run a little small order 1/2 size larger next timeVery comfortable and you can see in dark while walking
B009G1T5YG Sizing is wrong I have always taken a size 11 in ladies shoes and so I ordered that size in this shoe.  However, they are too small.  Since I had worn them, I can not return them so I am stuck with a pair of new shoes that I can not wear.
B009G1T5YG Great look, stylish! loooove the color, except that it was a tad too tight. If you are buying this shoe, consider a 1/2 to 1 size up. The front can be a little snugged. I usually wear a size 6 for tennis shoes, so that's the size I got. But turns out, it was a tad too tight, and my younger sister stole it from me. She said she loved how beautiful the color is. I agree. great look. It has plenty of cushions too!
B009G1T5YG Too small They hurt my feet. I usually wear a size 8.5 but these shoes gave my blisters and hurt my feet.
B009G1T5YG Looks tacky, like a cheap plastic shoe Not only it looks like a tacky plastic shoe, it was very small, I ordered it about 1 point bigger than my feet size and came small and very narrow
B009G1T5YG good shoes These shoes are very supportive and also light.  They also have a cool webbed look.  The only issue is this brand runs small in length.  I usually wear a woman's size 9 1/2 or 10.  But I had to exchange for a size 11.
B009G1T5YG Still too narrow I actually wear a size 8 but ordered a size 8 and a half because when reading the reviews there were quite of bit of comments that said they were too narrow  in the toe area. Well I expected it to be more than enough room since i went up half a size but they are still not enough room in the toe area. I love the shoes but they are not true to size or the next size up either.
B009G1U2XE Order a half-size larger Ordered the purple/pink color.  The wife loves them and says they're very cozy.  I ordered a half-size larger based on the other reviews I read and that was a good choice.
B009G1UD2E they look cool. but they run too small they look cool, but buy a size up. putting them on and off, can be hard because there is no tongue to loosen the grip around your ankle. they run so tight, you cant even wear socks!
B009G1UD2E Returning! Inside elastic insert so tight I can't get my foot in.  Size seems to run small, hard to tell with inability to try it completely on.
B009G1VXJG Great support I like the color and style of the shoes. They have great support when I run. They tend to run a little small so it's best to order a half size larger.
B009G1VXJG didn't fit should note that these shoes run smaller than the others. I know they are supposed to be more snug but not that much. I have had puma's for awhile and this is the first time they didn't fit in my size
B009G1VXJG shoes are ok i ordered a pair in my normal size and they were way to tight and short.  i then ordered a pair a size bigger and they are ok.  not real comfortable.  I do like the look of them tho.
B009G1VXJG Runs small and inadequate for anything but looks. The shoe runs small with my normal size 6 being unbearably uncomfortable to wear.  After ordering a larger size and wearing the shoe a bit, my experience is it's for looks only and does not have enough of a sole to provide comfort/stability for any physical activities.
B009GCYOZA great buy I bought it for my 1 and a half year old a size 2, it fits nicely and it keeps him warm!
B009GZS6OW slightly too small These shoes look great but are slightly too small. The soul is a little thin so they are a little uncomfortable to wear for too long.
B009GZS6OW Nice shoe - runs half size small I got the white shoe w brown trim.  Great looking shoe but I had to return them b/c 10.5 US (my usual size) was too small.
B009KSDDUM Pumas for my tot! As a big fan of Pumas, my husband & I were excited to find these as our 1 year olds first real pair of shoes.They arrived nicely packaged in the original box. The shoes are beautiful, colors are the same as online (I ordered the gray.) They seem true to size. I was worried that they might run small since I've had to size up in Pumas for myself but no worries with these. They will fit my baby girl all season and they have good traction so I won't be worried for my new little walker.  Great shoe, perfect price. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
B009KSDDUM Runs VERY small Great shoe but it runs almost a size and a half small. Because the next size up was more expensive we purchased a pair of New Balances instead.
B009KSDDUM way too small Read reviews and I ordered these 1 size bigger for my daughter and still ended up being too small. She wore them to school and they caused her heels to blister. Same problem happened with my other daughter with a different pair of puma's. Really good looking shoes.
B009KSDTL0 Runs pretty small, bad design. This sneaker does not have a velcro or any kind of latch. The opening is VERY SMALL. I read other reviews and found that run small. So, I decided to order 2 size larger size than what my son wears now. But, they were still pretty hard to put on.I would NOT recommend this product.
B009KTOEDG had to return do to my own These shoes are absolutely adorable! They are made well and just perfect for school. I messed up and ordered the wrong size and sadly had to return them to top it off they were sold out of them in her size. I had a very disappointed little girl on my hands and had to take a time out for my mistake. All in all I think these are a great buy.
B009KUEOFS Puma "love it" Not true to size but since it was for my 7 year old. its better for it to be big than small. so its worked out .very comfy and nice color. get compliments all the time
B009LAWG7U Great looking tee, fits small Thankfully I read a previous review that said it shrinks so I bought a size up. It looks great but definitely runs small.
B009MNYG1U Good but a little bit large. I like this PUMA but it is somewhat large, If possible, I would like to exchange to have a size 11.5. I can not even wear or give five stars neither because of that size. Thank you for comprehension
B009MNYG1U Puma sneakers The sneaker MUST be ordered larger than your normal size it is far too narrow so for it to fit comfortably it must be a larger size
B009MNYG1U Comfortable and look great I followed the advice of other reviews and purchased a half size bigger than I normally wear and the shoes fit great.  They are very comfortable and I am very satisfied with my purchase.
B009MNYG1U fits May want to order a half size bigger as these shoes run on the small side. Nice looking just to narrow and snug.
B009MNYG1U Great for Casual Wear! THE COLORS: I ordered these in the Black/Blue Grass color scheme because the accent color actually looked TEAL, a school color I was hoping to match. (Go CCU Chants!!!)  It was exactly the color I wanted.  The shoes come strung with white laces, but a Blue Grass/Teal set of laces is also included.THE FIT: As with most Puma shoes (from my experience), these run a little bit small.  I ordered a half size bigger than my usual and they fit perfectly.  They are very comfortable on my medium width feet.RECOMMENDATION: They're great.  I expect several years of very comfortable wear from them.
B009MNYG1U Too small I normally wear a size 91\2 to a 10. Even the 10 was too tight.However I started wearing it with a very thin sock, but it is off putting.I guess that's the chance one takes when buying on line.Lesson learned.Perhaps I should add that the the shoe is great look and that Puma makesa quality product. However, I did measure my foot according to your size chartbefore placing the order. Frustrating.
B009MNYG1U Look great, run small I expected leather bc of the word nubuck in the name,  but they are man made,  plastic-like material ..... also, I ordered my normal size, and they feel a half size smaller.  I kept them, though,  bc they look good.
B009MNYG1U Snug Overall I like them just a little snug around the toes. I would suggest getting a half size bigger , that should do the trick.
B009MNZO3O True to size No complaints, good fit, true to size. Cushioned on bottom. Wear them every day for work for a few months now and haven't had any issues.
B009O0T7FQ great feel but too small these socks are supposed to be size 10-13 but in reality they are not much than 10-11 i suspect. i am 12.5 and the sock barely cover my ankle.
B009SCY9AI Great looking shoe, but I guess even European shoes run small. I bought these to wear for long trip and spirited driving.  They run a small.  Get at least one helf size larger than you normally would.  Closest thing to my race shoes without being too gaudy and nomex.
B009SCY9AI its ok i bought this in size 10 which surprisingly was small to my feet. I wear a 10 shoes but in this company 10 runs small.
B009SD2936 PUMAs... I would just like to say I like these PUMAS I like the color and the style just one size too small.
B009SDR9HC Good quality All PUMA sneakers are half size smaller than all regular shoes. I buy it for my daughter every year - different models. Her shoe size is 6 but 6,5 PUMA fits perfectly. This model is very nice one.
B009STI9NO to big Great shoe and smooth buying process, but the 13 was bigger than other size 13 pumas I have. Easy to return too though
B009STNEF2 Outstanding Quality was amazing , size fit my foot as expected, just remember that a size 12 in a Nike means your probably a size 13 and Puma or Adidas due to the narrow cut
B009STNEF2 Nice shoe.....Runs Big I always get compliments on them.....but they Do run about a size too big.  I would order another pair maybe.
B009STNEF2 Bit large Ive told some about buy this shoes larger than normal size because it could came small. This wasn't that case so prevent this to future shops.
B009STNEF2 Tight and small for size eleven shoes. The shoes are nice looking but they are too tight for size 11. I would recommend that you order a whole size larger for a good fit.
B009STNEF2 Love these bold shoes These are nice and lightweight.  Look just like they do in the pictures and feel nice on my feet.  I use them for casual wear and haven't been out running in them so I'm not sure if I am a good judge of durability.  They are holding up fine for me though after a couple of months use.  I will say, and I'm glad other people reported this in their reviews when I was shopping for them, these run a bit small in size.  I usually wear a 9.5 mens and decided to order a 10.5 after reading some of the reviews.  I am glad I did.  The 10.5 fit me perfectly.  So in my case, one size bigger was the magic number.  If you like a little flash in your footwear and a nice light shoe, this is a great choice.
B009SU4IDI Love the shoe runs a little small I normally wear a size 8 1/2 and after reading reviews that they run small, I ordered a size 9 . The 9 fits great and I love the shoes.
B009SUAWDI great shoe You may have to order half a size bigger from some brands of shoes but if you normally buy puma or Nike you will know this already know that. These shoes keep your feet very warm comfy but warm so not the best on really hot summer day perfect for the winter, spring or late fall.
B009SUAWDI Wrong color Size is a little to big but if I was to go down half a size it would be too small. Biggest complaint is I ordered the white/silver/liberty blue but it's not blue it's purple.  Very disappointing
B009SWX7TW came the small size the shoe came out small, even I have not used it yet because the size came small. cost me sell it.
B009V3NJR8 The unisex styling of this shoe makes the MEN'S SIZES RUN ABOUT 1/2 SIZE TOO SMALL, particularly in the toe. I like Pumas in general, I dig these bright & flashy colors, and I loved the price I got on them.The craftsmanship and materials are great, but as a 6-foot tall male, the fit left something to be desired.Puma's size 12 shoe fits me comfortably in 3 of their other shoe styles, but not in this particular shoe.The fit is plenty wide, but noticeably shorter from heel-to-toe, even after breaking them in.I would recommend that guys order a half-size or a whole-size larger than their normal size.
B009XG1Z56 Runs large I ordered a size small which is supposedly equal to a size 8, but it is closer to a size 10/12. Runs large.
B00A005X4S Beautiful sport flats! I love these flats but they run a bit small... so for the perfect fit, go up half a size. They feel like you're walking on air.
B00A005X4S 1/2 size too small Yeah....just order a half size bigger or your toes will go numb. Great color, though and ideal to fit in a bag or brief case for those long days in high heels. Not much cushion, but feels great after wearing heels all day.
B00A008HR8 runs very small Ran VERY VERY small-SHOULD STATE THIS ON SITE. NOT HAPPY I HAVE TO RETURN AND WIT FOR NOTHER PAIR-VERY INCONVIENT -ORDER A WHOLE SIZE LARGER,
B00A008HR8 UNIQUE STYLISH SNEAKERS I USUALLY DONT LEAVE REVIEWS ON AMAZON BUT IN THIS CASE I WANTED TO.AFTER READING PREVIOUS REVIEWS, I DECIDED TO ORDER HALF A  SIZE UP  AS A LOT OF PEOPLE WERE COMPLAINING ABOUT THE SHOES BEING TOO NARROW IN THE FRONT. I'M GLAD I DID AS THEY FIT PERFECTLY. IM USUALLY A SIZE 9 BUT ORDERED A SIZE 9 1/2 AND IT FIT LIKE A GLOVE. THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND REALLY LOOK GOOD.DONT HESITATE TO ORDER THEM AS I HAVE A FEELING THEY WIL NOT BE AROUND MUCH LONGER.
B00A008HR8 Comfy Wedge heel gives this shoe some height but still maintains the comfort of a casual shoe.  The color is a fun orange color and will be great for spring and summer.  Puma's run a little small so I ordered half a size up and they fit.
B00A008HR8 Order up a half size I was a little hesitant to get this shoe because (1) I was worried that the wedge heel would look stupid and (2) I was worried that the color would be too bright. I was wrong on both accounts. The heel blends right in with the shoe, and they aren't really bright or too fluorescent. Also, I took others' advice on ordering up a half size from my usual size. I'm glad I did! I usually always wear an 8 and sized up to 8.5.
B00A008HR8 SENT WRONG SIZE I really don't  know if I would have like these or not because they sent me the wrong size, no way could I get my foot in the size they sent .  Amazon was great at the return.  By just looking at them without being on my foot, I didn't care for their look, so did not reorder this  pair.
B00A0HDGAO try a size bigger than your regular The shoes are small, otherwise it is nice, my daughter and I both like it.  when you order it consider buy half or one size bigger than your regular
B00A0HDGAO Grandson loved them! Read other reviews and order 1/2 size bigger than usual.  My gradson loved them. Very light and comfortable on his feet.
B00A0HDGAO i need change by size. its really important I want to retorn it.what can i do??the size run to smallits a gift chritmas fot me nepfew
B00A0HDGAO Amazon sent one size 11 and one size 12 in a size 12 shoebox and then asks me how these fit?! Not sure if this was the seller's fault or Amazon since Amazon shipped it, but I was really mad to get a mismatched pair the weekend before my kids soccer camp.  We just happened to notice before sending her off with these.
B00A0HDGAO Runs small, too narrow. Ordered size 11 and they are about the same size as my daughter's size 9 cleats from another maker. And also is very narrow. The quality looks good, but too small. I will be returning these soon.
B00AAKL8F6 The size is perfect The size is perfect. The design is beautiful, my daughter love it and me too. It's very confortable.Thank you
B00AAZPJ4M Amazon...give size details/guide please! One problem buying on Amazon is the lack of accurate size guide. I based my purchase on reviews, brand size guide (if available by googling) and guessing (not ideal). Exchange is quite impossible (as I stay outside US). So I really wish Amazon can improve on provide a more accurate/detailed size guide. Anyway I took a bet and got size M for my 8 year old son (4 feet tall and 68 pounds)...fits a little loose and long but it's okay as he can grown into it. Otherwise, good material and nice red color. I got a good discount for it so am pleased.
B00AI1Z2G8 good value Very comfortable.  They are in between sizes for me and a half size up is a bit too big and one down is too small.very comfortable and super light.  Traction could be better if stude were a bit more firm
B00AI1Z2G8 About a half size too small and noisy These shoes are very light (or lite).  Mine run about a half size too small but may end up working out all right when broken in because they also seem to be extremely cushiony.  I have not seen this posted by anyone else, but these shoes are very noisy when you walk.  While they are obviously not hunting shoes, I am still hoping the volume drops a notch or two after they are broken in.
B00AI1Z2G8 Great footwear Really good looking footwear.Lite and comfortable.Would recommend to others.May need to order 1/2 size larger than normal.
B00AI222Y2 Great Shoe - Just make sure to order at least a half size to 1 size smaller The spikeless shoes work great and are extremely comfortable. I am usually a 9.5 or 10 closer to 10, but had to order a 9 for this shoe and that fit perfect.
B00AI222Y2 Size 12 is a Size 12, very lightweight, flexible, and breathable They weren't kidding when they said it is almost like golfing barefoot. These are extremely thin and lightweight, to the point they looked and felt like racing sneakers that we used for track and cross country (remember Nike Zoom Waffles?). They are also extremely flexible and breathe like they weren't even there. My biggest problem with normal golf shoes is the lack of ventilation. After walking 18 holes, my feet feel like a pair of saunas with my Adidas shoes (non-vented design). With these, I could feel the breeze waft straight through the mesh. The only downside is that they will get wet with morning dew or in the rain. The positive aspect is that they won't really stay wet too long if the weather conditions are right, as they breathe very well.The tread pattern doesn't clog up with grass, but I felt that it could have offered a bit more traction on grass although it isn't bad at all. Spikes obviously provide you with the most traction, but I grew tired of trying to unclog them and the spikes always felt weird when walking on cart paths.Sizing: I normally wear size US 12, and these fit perfectly in Size US 12. The only complaints I have are that there's more room at the heel and sides of the shoe. However, most of the pressure during swinging should be on the balls of your feet anyhow (check out some of the studies they have conducted on PGA/LPGA pro players where their feet were placed on pressure sensors). This is probably why other reviewers felt they were 1/2 size bigger. I'm pretty sure if I bought these in size US 11.5, that it would be too tight at the tip of my feet.Overall: 5/5 stars, I really like these golf shoes! They are part of a newer generation of running sneakers converted into spike-less golf shoes, which makes total sense. I really dig the color choices, but they won't be attracting the traditionalist.
B00AI222Y2 Big fit, but comfy. Fits larger than I expected. I wear an 11, but these feel about a half size to big. Otherwise, it remains a very comfortable golf shoe.
B00AI222Y2 runs big comfortable shoes, but this was my first time buying Puma and they seem to run about a size larger for me.
B00AI222Y2 ultra light These shoes are very comfortable and so light it feels like you have no shoes on. I usually wear a size 9 US. and that is what I purchased here. I easily could have went down a half size, however I don't think they are offered in half sizes. I possibly could have even gotten a size 8 US. and would have been fine. I kept the shoes because the way they lace on the foot is very secure and still feels good. I would recommend going a size smaller than normal with this shoe.the shoe is excellent quality and offers ultra light super breathable summer golf shoe. The tread design offers plenty of traction for letting it rip from the tee box too. I have never had issues with traction even in wet conditions in early morning dew.
B00AKDL8K8 When in doubt, order a size up! Would have loved to keep these pants.  They had a great feel and looked nice but sadly, they run small.
B00AKDOYYK Almost perfect Size just a little small....Otherwise they are exactly what I wanted. But a size larger would be too large. Encouragmenthe for more workouts
B00AOAQAJG Just What I Was Looking For I love these shoes.  Just what I was looking for.  I took another reviewer's advice and ordered a half a size up.  Definitely needed the 8.5 instead of my usual 8.  Will be ordering other colors.
B00AOAQAJG pretty shoes, got compliments I read the reviews and ordered size 10B(M). My feet size is 9 and generally I wear a 9.5. This one fits me like 9.5 in spite of being 10. So it's somewhat smaller but works for me. Very lightweight, pretty,fashionable and comfortable otherwise. I'm happy with my first puma purchase.
B00AOAQAJG Uncomfortable, runs small and narrow I wear size 7, but ordered a half size up, and they were still way too tight and too small.The sole in the back is VERY hard and uncomfortable. These went back in the box and got returned the same day.
B00AOATXAO Too small I liked it style. but If you  wear  7sz, you have to order 9sz. This shoe a run really small size.
B00AOATXAO 1/2 size off but good buy. The shoe runs about 1/2size small.  However my wife loves the overall look collar and feel.  The grip material on sole is also a plus.
B00AOBC4JA Way too small Purchased these for an upcoming vacation.  Tried them on and they were a little tight in the toe box.  After wearing them around the house for about 20 minutes, decided they had to go back.  I ordered my normal size, but they were too short and way too small around my toes.  The back also rubbed my heal.  Cute shoes - wish I could have kept them.
B00AOBC4JA Unique I love the shoes!  However, if I had tried them on first, I would order one 1/2 size up.  K.R.
B00AOBC4JA Perfect summer shoe! I absolutely love the Puma flats and I've been buying them up in all the colors and styles I can find.  They're versatile and very comfortable, perfect with capris for summer or jeans in spring & fall.  They do run small, be sure to order a half size larger than you normally wear. Fortunately I tried them on at a Puma store before buying any online.
B00AOBC4JA Great product for price I wear a 91/2 ordered that size but wish I would have ordered a 10 they are a little snug but I'm still going to wear them! Love the color!!!
B00AOBCTIQ Great shoes, need bigger size! Cute and comfortable,however for sure you need to order one half size larger than your size. I wear 8 1/2 and it is too small. I read one review saying the same and I ignored.Now I am sending it back and ordering size 9,
B00AOCE7IA Nice Shoe I ordered these shoes because I needed a good sneaker to take Zumba classes. Most of my sneakers grip the floor so it is hard to do turns, which is causing problems with my knees. I like the look of the shoe but they were too large at the toe box, almost a 1/2 inch too large. I normally buy shoes in a size 9 but will return for a size 8 1/2.
B00AOCE7IA Comfortable These are really comfortable, but a size 7 would have definitely fit me better than the 7.5 I bought. And 7.5 is the size I usually wear. They look exactly like the photo, as well.
B00AOCE7IA Fit a bit large They are nice shoes but they fit a bit bigger than expected. I could have gone down a half size but they will work out fine.
B00AOD2OQ6 Comfy! These shoes are comfy, but taking a star off for running half size small. Had to exchange for a larger size.
B00AOD2OQ6 choose one size bigger I'm usually a size 9 but the puma sizes run smaller than normal.  I returned the size 9 for a size 10.  The size 10 fits perfect.
B00AOD2OQ6 Puma sneakers I bought these sneakers for my husband and got a 1/2 size larger based on other reviews.  He put them on and said they were light, fit perfect!  I looked for something with mesh because his feet get hot.  So far so good!
B00AOD2OQ6 Nice shoes Nice shoes. If your questioning what size to get, I would size up. I would recommend for people with smaller, thinner feet. Probably under 10-10.5 US.
B00AOD2OQ6 Right fit, great look! It fits just like it is suppoust to at a size 10. I wear size 10 on all most all brands I was pleasantly surprised that they did fit. As I dont buy shoes online much because of the will it fit issue. As for the shoe I love it as well very comfortable and stylish. I really enjoy the colors as well.
B00AOD8YMO Great shoe runs small in size Make sure you get a wider size than you normally wear or you will find these to tight. Great shoe looks fantastic but it is very narrow.
B00AOD8YMO Good shoes fits small I use these for racquetball and they work quite well for me.  I am a nine (8 uk) in every other shoe I buy and with this one I ended up with a 10 - so go at least one size higher if ordering.dph
B00AOD8YMO Several Compliments Size is true to description. My size 10 fits perfect.Have received several compliments due to the vibrant color of the shoes.Glow in the dark feature is also great.
B00AOD8YMO Comfort out of the box I wear a standard size 10 in every brand and these fit true to size for me. Very comfortable on the first wear, not stiff like some shoes can be. Good support. My kids loved the glow in the dark features when I opened the package so that adds to the value at $40.
B00AODVKJI Too small I got a size 11.5 and the shoes run about a 1/2 to 1 size too small because my toe touches the end
B00AODVKJI Great Shoe/ get a half size bigger A great comfortable shoe. Bought these for my husband. I went off of other reviews and bought him a half size bigger. He loves them! Normally a size 11.5 I got him a 12. Perfect! Took a chance on this shoe because they had an awesome sale on them. Glad I did. My husband says it gives you a some height and boost great posture.
B00AODVKJI Bought for me husband Bought my husband the size 10 (his normal size) and it was too small. The 10.5 fit better. I like the look of them.
B00AODVKJI Runs small in a size 13M-47. Not a bad shoe, but very disappointed that it runs small.  My feet hurt in the toes after wearing for a day.  Do not run in them, bought to walk.  Would return, but threw all packaging in recycling.
B00AODW9HA Not too Small People on here were complaining about how these run a size small, not true. I listened to these such reviews and ordered a half size bigger than I usually would and they are about a half size too big but other than that they seem like an awesome shoe.
B00AODW9HA Great buy Ordered these for the boyfriend and he loves them but Puma runs a bit small so recommend ordering 1/2 a size to one size up. Overall he says the style is great
B00AODW9HA Much too small Just opened the package yesterday; Shoes look great!  Unfortunately they are much too small!I wear a 10-1/2 M in a dress shoe size,  and after reading the reviews, decided to order 11-1/2.I'm returning these for a 12?  I actually thought there might be a wad of paper in the toes!!!
B00AODW9HA Perfect Fit Just as all other reviewers mentioned, with Puma go a size larger than normal. I wear a 10 and purchased size 11. It is a perfect fit. Love them.
B00AODW9HA Puma Men's Shoes Somewhat small, but soft and comfortable. I hope they stretch some with use.Would like to compare to a half size larger.
B00AODW9HA Buy them. Probably the best, most comfortable shoes i have ever owned. Perfect if you're on your feet/walk a lot. Just make sure you get the right size. They arent like nikes' that seem to vary by a half size.
B00AODW9HA Three Stars I own other Pumas and the size I wear is 11 1/2 but these were too large.
B00AODW9HA Awesome Shoe I ordered in my normal running shoe size but it seems the PUMA runs a little smaller. I returned this pair in exchange for 1/2 size larger....and they were perfect! Recommend buying 1/2 size larger to all.
B00AODWHCC Great Shoe The fit was right on. Some shoes in my size are small, some feel big. These fir perfect and are very comfortable during intense training.
B00AOE059S Kinda off looking Ordered large based on reports these run small.  I found they run tighter rather than larger and had to return.  They were inexpensive and looked it.  Did not seem like they would hold up.
B00AOE059S Awesome. Someone recommended me to buy half size larger ... Awesome. Someone recommended me to buy half size larger and was right. Theyll fit you perfectly with the size a little big on order. Really comfortable and flexible.
B00AOE059S Comfortable and lightweight - runs a little small This is a very lightweight shoe. I prefer lace-less shoes and this does fit snugly. That may be its only drawback though at the same time. Based on other reviews, I somewhat apprehensively ordered this 1/2 size larger than I normally wear. I am VERY glad that I did. My regular size would have been far too tight. I would recommend that you definitely order this a little larger by 1/2 size. Good value for a nice shoe.
B00AOE059S Run really small Had to return them.  Ordered my normal size and when I put them on I was positive they sent a smaller size.  Nope.  My foot was trying to burst out.  Returned.
B00AOE059S Nice shoe I liked the shoe but it was just to small where I needed a wider size.  The size I need is not available.
B00AOE059S Sizing I read all the other ratings that said the shoes ran small, so I ordered one size bigger for my son and that was perfect. He wears 7.5 and I ordered 8.5 and it fit just right.
B00AOE059S Too small The shoes were cool but run way to small!! The shoes were for my husband that wears size 12, and he had to give them to our son who wears size 10...
B00AOE059S Nice I read the reviews and ordered a half size larger and they fit perfect. Great shoes, feels like walking on feathers.
B00AOE059S sneakers it is nice, but as I said, a bit to fitted and small. next time I would have to choose a size that is a little bigger
B00AOE059S Perfect fit! Fits like skin. Just be sure to order one size larger. If it fits good, you'll love it! Contrary to other reviews, the width isnt an issue.
B00AOMTYRO Attractive. This shoe fits perfect... After I ordered a full size larger than normal. I wear them everywhere except the yard.
B00AOMTYRO Too small This shoe ran a whole size too small. Looks great though. Its also a little on the narrow side, so be cautious.
B00AOMUBGC Great Looking Shoe Runs Small Puma's seem to run small,  was going to purchase one size larger, but hestiated.  Now having to return and reorder.
B00AOMUBGC Size is not ok Looks really nice and i think quality vise it is good but I've ordered exactly the size i need - 9.5 and what I received is 9.5 as well but it's too small for me. What i understood is that different brands have different sizes and it's always like a lottery
B00AOMUBGC Tight Good shoe, but runs very small! Always get a half size bigger when ordering this shoe. Great look on the bright side!
B00AOMV7YW All Puma shoes seem to run small. Either Puma Shoes run really small or my feet got realy big...then again, everybody else's shoes that I have tried seem to be OK.  I love the look, I love the comfort.  Just wish they were consistent with everybody else on size.
B00AOMV7YW PUMA Men's The look of the shoe is as advertised and looks well.  However, the shoe fits a little small.  I would like to get the size 11 to fit me like the 10.5 usually fits me.Can I exchange these for the next higher size?
B00AOMVZ3K Great shoes - order half a size larger What a fantastic, trendy pair of shoes! Although it's somewhat expensive, we were happy that this seller was willing to ship to Australia at a reasonable cost. Past reviewers commented that it's a bit small, so instead of my usual Euro 41, I ordered a size 42. The reviewers were right: 42 was as snug a fit for me as a 41 is with other brands, so be sure to order a slightly bigger size than you normally wear.
B00AOMWLPG To small It doesn't fit me I need to get a bigger size thee shoes run small But it's a great shoe
B00AOMWLPG Size I like the shoes but size is a bit small I amNot satisfied with this size but I have it
B00AOMWLPG Great Reading the others reviews, that it runed kinda small, I bought it 1/2 size bigger and it fit perfectly.  Love the shoes!!
B00AOMWLPG get .5 size bigger I got what I wear normally from Puma 10.5 , it is a little bit tight on the sides, but I like the quality and it can be formal or just wear it with jeans!
B00AOMWLPG One size larger worked great Great product- wrong size- at 12 d- I have a 13 d size now- very pleased with these beautiful shoes.
B00AOMYC2Q Pumas Rock!! Whenever I buy Puma shoes I buy one half size larger if they have a velcro type closure and one full size larger if they are shoelace type lace ups. I wear size ten shoes so I go ten and a half on velcro and size eleven on lace ups. I have nine pairs of Pumas and this system works for me.
B00AOMYC2Q awesome shoes!!!! narrow, but awesome!!! The shoes I ordered were a size 13, when I normally wear 12's.From reading others comments, I learned to order 1 size larger thanWhat u need!  They fit snuggly, but they r really a beautiful shoe!  ThinkingOf getting the blue ones as well( just purchased the red).
B00AOMYC2Q Wow ... way too small I know that Puma shoes usually run a little small, so I actually ordered these a whole size larger.My foot is an honest size 9 with American made shoes (if there still is such a thing). Since many of the shoes in stores are now made in China, I sometimes have to buy a 9-1/2. So, I ordered these in a size 10. They are way too small - very narrow and barely long enough. It says Men Size 10 on the outside of the box, but I would guess that a petite woman would feel more comfortable in these. I'm real disappointed, because they are a beautiful shoe.
B00AOMYC2Q Looks good, feels good, it's pretty good. Make sure you buy half a size larger than your regular shoe size. I wear size 9 and this shoe is 9.5 and it fits my foot perfectly.
B00AOMYC2Q Beautiful shoes once I got the correct size These form-fitting driving shoes are beautifully styled and handsome indeed, but per other reviews, they are cut small and you really do need to buy one full size larger from what you&#8217;d normally wear. I wear a size 10 US and ordered a half-size up, but they were still too small in a 10.5 size &#8212; although so good looking that for a moment I toyed with the idea of keeping them and hoping they might stretch out! But Amazon&#8217;s return procedure was almost as easy to use as Zappos&#8217;, and the size 11 that I got in exchange are fine. A nice touch is the tread pattern, which replicates (well, resembles) a DOT competition tire tread.
B00AOMYC2Q Amazing I love these shoes they fit perfectly but you always have to get half a size bigger. Its full leather also so its really cool when you drive and they are so comfortable that you might think you are not even wearing them. If you want to buy it go for it they are really cool!!
B00AOMYC2Q Very comfortable sneaker If you had the task of looking for red sneakers online or in stores it's like trying to find a needle in a haystack !  If you have large feet as I do, the task is more complicated!!!  I really appreciate the customer reviews that stated these Puma sneakers run SMALL! I agree, I ordered a half size larger than my normal size and the Puma's fit me perfect! I normally wear Nike, this is my 1st Puma, and I like the feel! I use for exercise and long distance walking! Best of all the color is true red!!! Love them
B00AOMYC2Q no complains when ordering pumas you always need to order a half size bigger and thats what i did and the shoe fits perfect! very light and comfy.
B00AOMZH1Q Design is nice but fitting is indeed tight I wear size 10. Reading other reviewers input that it runs small / tight so I ordered size 10.5.  It is still tight for me so I will return to Amazon and try either size 11 or 11.5 and will report back.
B00AOMZH1Q A bit too small I found the shoe a bit too small. It was a little snug around the instep. Even the size was a bit small. I might have chosen a 9.5 if I had been in the store. It's not that uncomfortable that I would send it back. It's a hassle when you send them back.. That's part of buying online..
B00AOMZH1Q WOW These shoes run small. Every shoe I own is a size 10.I had to return the first order, size 10.Size 11 is now an ok fit.I should have read the reviews.
B00AOMZH1Q Yep, Order Larger! I should've heeded the warnings by many others here to order a full size larger for this shoe, something I've never had to do prior to this order. Now I'm in the return and replace cycle. On the positive side, the PUMAs look as sharp in person as in the photographs and they are feather-light.
B00AOMZH1Q Nice shoes but run small Run atleast 1 - 1.5 sizes too small. Other than that a great shoe for hot summer days. I wouldn't expect to wear this in the winter though.
B00AONURJ2 Classic, fashionable look Looks great, very fashionable. It looks as depicted the photos. I wear a size 13 and they run true to size. I can't wait to wear these out!
B00AONVA52 TOO SMALL I normally wear a 10-10.5, but I thought I'd play it safe and ordered these in 10.5 and an 11.  Not even the 11 fit.
B00AONVA52 Too small I gave this 5 stars because of the easy return policy. I ordered my size but they were too small. I would say add a half size to your regular shoe size if you order these.
B00AONVA52 Shoe runs a little small Nice shoe. I normally wear a size 8-1/2 but after reading reviews about the shoe running small I ordered a 9.  Still a very snug fit. I would be concerned that another 1/2 size larger would be too big. So hopefully they break in perfect.
B00AONVA52 too small too small should reorder by at least a half size greater than normal. also too light a shoe for me
B00AONVA52 Too small The sneakers arrived at time. Very stylish and elegant. But one mayor problem, the size, I ordered 10.5 but this sneakers run very small and tight. I can't use it &#128533;. A waste of money.
B00AONVA52 Go at least 1 size bigger! my size is 11.5... read the reviews n bought 12... even 12 is extremely tight... returned
B00AONVA52 Good shoes, if you like to slip on and off, great for when visiting Japan. They fit as expected, only because I already knew they come a half size small.That's why I ordered in 11, when I wear a 10 1/2. These are OK, but I like the style Puma discontinued better, black with the white strips, sorry, I forgot the name of that shoe, but it is made better. They arrived on time, so the shipping was good, and I'm sure I'll wear them till I can't.
B00AONVA52 too small Even though I wear 10.5 in all the other shoes, these would be my 2nd pair of pumas that seem too small on my feet.
B00AONVA52 Too narrow, too tight Get at least half a size larger to be safe. I really love the design, but the size fitting was quite off.
B00AONVA52 Great walking sneaker Fit right order 1/2 size bigger. Could have ordered my size. Slips on easily. Would recommend this shoe to anyone.
B00AONVB5G Fits small, looks great On size 10 they were a bit small.. I had to change them to a 10.5. I bought these based on a very similar product from Ferrari which was cushioned in the back and felt these somewhat tight and stiff.
B00AONVB5G Some how small I usually wear 10 size shoes but the 10 size of this shoes was something tight. but not as much tight that you can wear it. I recommend 10.5 for 10 sized shoes for this piece.
B00AONVF8Y runs small i love these shoes - they look great, and were what i was hoping they would be but...order up at least half-size in order to accommodate the small size...i normally wear us11 (eu44.5) in just about everything, but this was far too small in this shoe. i will be returning these shoes, and unfortunately they do not have a us11.5 (eu45) in stock so cannot comment on whether that size works.
B00AONVQCY Got them at a bargain and my son loves them Good quality, nice design, great in use. If you can get them for less then 35 dollars then buy it for sure!As Puma is a bit small take a size up from normal shoe size.
B00AONVVMO Nice style, but smaller than normal I ordered these shoes because I loved the look and style.  One thing I think others should know is they run a bit smaller than normal. I wear a size 9 in other shoe brands so that's what I ordered. Once I tried them on I realized I should have ordered a size 9 1/2.  Other than that I love the shoes and the shipping was what I expected.
B00AONW9JS Runs small - order up a size I read the reviews, so was able to anticipate that these shoes run small.  For a woman, I have a big feet (I'm also pretty tall).  I wear a men's 9.5 - 10 (depending on fit), so I ordered a 10.5.  The shoes came very quickly, and I took a look at them, and thought... &#34;never gonna fit&#34;.  But I figured, I'd give them a shot.  They fit like a glove!  Break in period was about 10 minutes (not kidding!).  Not only do they run a smidge small, but they make your feet look smaller too, which is always a plus for us big-footed women.  My only complaint, is that I then came back to buy a second pair, and the price had jumped $20 in just a week.  I'm now waiting for the price to drop, so I can get my second pair.
B00AONW9JS Love them! I think they run narrow more than small...I did get 1/2 size larger and I'm trying to stretch them by wearing heavier socks! No regrets,love the shoes!
B00AONW9JS good but small Very nice just run small order a half size up atleast. Nice made great for running walking. awesome! Pumas are great shoes.
B00AONW9JS something small Shoe me was something small, I bought the same shoes converse zise and adjusted and perfectly, however puma shoes have been a little smaller.
B00AONW9JS Way too small These are the smallest 10.5 I've ever seen. Had to return them. Nice shoes but I definitely recommend a full size larger.
B00AONW9JS sizes run very small Never owned a pair of Pumas before so I was unaware they ran as small as they do...The 14 fit like a 12/13. Hopefully this will help anyone else looking to purchase a pair. The shoe itself is of nice quality just way too small
B00AONW9JS puma review i ordered the size 14 puma shoes. The shoe Is somewhat small. I believe this is a smaller size, but extremely narrow.
B00AONW9JS Puma Rocks Have been a great fan of puma shoes. However their size can can a little tricky. I normally wear 9 or 9.5 in dress shoes. In Puma one has to go half or sometimes a full size bigger.  Having said that I do have Puma which are 9.5 and fit perfect. This Puma Drift Cat 5 Leather Sneaker are great shoes. Buy half size bigger. Fits perfect, feels comfortable and looks great.
B00AONW9JS Quality shoes Pumas are known for their quality and style and I can't complain.After reading the reviews and knowing that Pumas tend to run smaller, I ordered a half size (0.5) larger and they fit perfect.Example: I am a 10 and I ordered a 10.5No complaints after walking around in them all day my feet don't ache and they look good.They are whiter than my socks !
B00AONW9JS really good looking im size 12 and those make my feet look smaller they are beautiful. they are kind of stretch if you have big foot buy a W size
B00AONW9JS Great Shoe, Runs Small Great shoe at an even better price!  I previously bought a pair of black Puma Drift Cat 5's and loved them.  The only thing to be careful about is that they run a size small.  I wear a 10D and for these shoes, after reading some reviews, I ordered 11D.  They fit perfectly.
B00AONW9JS Great shoe-Really short. The shoe looks great...just runs EXTREMELY small! I ordered a 9 1/2 but had to return them for a 10 1/2. I normally wear a 9 but read the reviews so I went a half size larger. That did not work. I did have to pay for the returns since Amazon Prime does not cover that since it is shipped directly from ShoeMall....mmmmm maybe Amazon should work on that??
B00AONW9JS shoes this shoe was awesome but it was a little small. like a half size small because i normally wear an 11 and it felt like a 10 1/2 or a 10. but other than that the shoe was as expected in top shape there was no damage to the box
B00AONW9JS Too Small I order shoes in size 8 and all of them fit well to my feet but these shoes are too small for my feet. Please order at least half size more than your actual size.
B00AONW9JS The sizing is misleading The size 10 just didnt fit like the other size 10s I have earlier purchased of other shoes. I regret buying them.
B00AONW9JS Great Shoe I put that they fit somewhat small.  But they fit true to size for puma.  But i normally wear a 10.5 but in all Pumas i wear 11.  Anyway, i pretty much exclusively wear Drift Cats, probably have 10-15 pairs total.  This recent iteration isn't my favorite as far as looks.  But the shoe is still pretty much the same ol drift cat since the first.
B00AONW9JS Small and form-fitting Like everyone else has already written, make sure you order at least a 1/2 to a full size up from what you usually wear. I normally wear a 7.5, and need an 8.5 for them to be comfortable with cotton socks. They are very form fitting, like spandex for your feet.
B00AONW9JS Great shoe, too small. I love the shoe but even though I ordered half a size bigger because of the other reviews it's still a little too tight. It's still wearable and hopefully they will adjust to my feet after some use.
B00AONW9JS Shoes too small. These Pumas run small in size.  This is the size I normally wear, but they were way too tight.  Printing the return label and shipping was very easy!
B00AONW9JS Fit like gloves, but tight gloves! Great style. Good construction. As others have posted (warned) you might want to get them larger than your normal shoe size. I wear an 11 1/2 in dress shoes and athletic shoes. I bought these in a 12 and my feet are very snug in them. I hope they will stretch a little. I need a 12 1/2 but that's not offered. I'd suggest you go 1/2 to 1 size larger than your normal shoe size.
B00AONW9JS Good Looking shoe with a nice fit This shoe is good looking and fits well.It does run a little small and I ordered a half size larger than I usually wear and it fit great.Very comfortable even after wearing for a full day...
B00AONW9JS Disappointed with the size I'm very disappointed with the  size.  I wear size 12 which I order and when the shoes arrived they were too small. I'll definitely recommend that when ordering to order one size above your normal shoe size.
B00AONW9JS always get a half size bigger in pumas Pumas always fit a little tighter so get a half size bigger. Great price only paid about $35 can't beat that. Very comfortable as always!
B00AONW9JS Runs Small I love these shoes. Had to do a replacement for a size up but these shoes fit great and are extremely comfortable.
B00AONW9JS Drift Cat shoes are known to fit small I've been wearing drift cat shoes since version 2, when my son left a pair at home when he went to college. They are SO comfortable! Since I've been buying them for the last 5 years, I know they fit small and ALWAYS buy a half size larger than the Nike athletic shoes and a whole size larger than my dress shoes. It's hard to be disappointed with the comfort these shoes provide (after the break in period)!!
B00AONW9JS Really Nice Looking Shoe I've been buying Puma's of a similar style to this for years, and I've always really liked them when the fit was right, however, Puma has little regard to keeping the same size (number) the same physical size. I have three pairs of the exact same shoe (Speed Cats) in two different sizes(12 and 13) because of differences in size within the same model. I don't know why it is so difficult to manufacture shoes to the same physical size, but apparently it is.Anyway, I returned them for the next size up, but there is no exchange option (slightly annoying since all I want is a different size). I would hope that the same price will be honored, but since this is no longer my first purchase of shoes and accessories I fear I won't get the same 20% discount which is very poor for customer relations. I hope Amazon cares for their customers.All said, I think that the shoe looks very good, and I would highly recommend them as long as you try them on before you purchase them.
B00AONW9JS Size 13 too tight My usual shoe size is 13. This size 13 is too tight. Still use when cycling but can't walk long with them on.
B00AONW9JS Great shoes, size issues These shoes are sleek and light. Great for everyday wear but with the comfort of an athletic shoe. Sizing seems to be a minor issue. I wear a woman size 7.5-8 and the size chart suggests a men size 7. However, that is a snug fit so I ended up getting a men size 8 that fit better.
B00AONW9JS Order a size larger Purchased for my husband who has always been able to biy shoes online unlike me who needs to try everything on 1st.  These run small. Like them otherwise.
B00AONW9JS Great shoes... Runs on the small size though Looks great and it is very stylish!!! The only problem is that I usually wear between 9 and 9.5 (when 9 doesn't fit quite well), but for these... Even though I bought a 9.5, I feel that a 10 would have felt way more comfortable, but since I won't expect to be using them during the whole day, it won't bother me as much.
B00AONW9JS Smaller -- Really much smaller than you expect Guys, please note this and this is really important. These are the smallest shoes you can imagine for a given size. MY shoe size has always been 10.5. So, I ordered a 10.5. It turned out to be very tight. So, I figured a 11.0 would be just fine. I placed a replacement order. Well, 11 is tight -- not very tight but tight. So, I should have ordered a 11.5 it appears.Here is the bottom line.Order a full size larger than what is your usual.
B00AONW9JS It is a nicely styled shoe... But, it runs incredibly small.  Order at least two half sizes larger, i.e., if you wear a 10 1/2, get an 11 1/2.
B00AONW9JS All these other reviews don't know what they're talking about I have purchased and worn Pumas before, I like them. They're durable, well made, and comfortable. So when I saw on here people were saying these run small, I was like well that's not normal, but if all these people are saying it, I guess I'll go a half size up. Well they were wrong, these fit like any other Puma shoe, which is to say true to size, only now I have shoes that are a half-size too big which isn't a huge deal, just saying.
B00AONW9JS buy your one number bigger i read all the reviews before i bought this product and all said the same, to small to small, just by on number bigger that you are tipically, and that will do the trick,as for the product is a #1 puma :D simply excellent
B00AONW9JS FEEDBACK EVERYTHING WAS FINE EXCEPT THE SIZE.I DIDN'T REALIZE PUMA SIZING WAS ABOUT A SIZE SMALLER THAN OTHER BRANDS.I SHOULD OF ORDERED A SIZE 12.
B00AONWIC6 Wrong size It is not the size listed on the boot or your 42 doesn't fit me. Shoes are too tight and thus painful. I need proper size ones. I am not happy. I buy always 42 and everyone elses fit
B00AONWIC6 i dont see why the bad reviews! It looks way better than on the screen. Theres quite a few review saying that this shoe is not the same as before or wtv.let me tell you that when i fot them i was impressed. Quality is there. The only down side is the size at least go a size bigger than your usual. Just go for it and dont think about it twice.
B00AONWIC6 Great driving shoes, but run VERY small These shoes are very thin soled, which makes them great for driving.  I wouldn't expect them to last very long for everyday use.Beware; these run very small.  I usually wear a size 10 or 10.5 and had to buy an 11.5 to fit properly.
B00AONWIC6 Great shoe but runs small I like the shoes but they are too small and I will have to return them for a larger size.
B00AONWIC6 Looks good, runs small As mentioned by numerous other reviewers, these shoes run small, order a half-size up from what you would typically wear from other brands.  I usually wear a 10.5, so I ordered an 11 and they're still pretty snug.That aside, these have made excellent driving shoes and are otherwise comfortable and look relatively well-made.  You might want to replace the laces as they're of the rounded variety and don't stay tied very well.
B00AONWIC6 Just a little to small but bareable These are great shoes. They're just a little small. I was in a store trying on Pumas and 9.5 seemed to be the size I needed. These needed to a 10. Slim in size and are very comfortable.
B00AONWIC6 Runs small They fit me fine, but in every other shoe brand I wear an 11 or 10.5. When getting pumas, order a size up
B00AONWIC6 Gift for my Son My son really likes the fit and finish! He seems quite happy. I took a chance and ordered 1 size larger( thanks to other reviewers!) and I`m told they fit great( from a size 13 to a 14). Pumas have always been one of the best!
B00AONWP6U Runs small I bought this for my son and he loves the look and style.  However it runs a bit small so order at least half a size bigger.  The shoe is good though.
B00AONWP6U Very sleek. Very light weight with a thin sole. Not for everyday play. They are more orange than yellow which like more. I will only wear these once in a while and for $30 they are okay. Get AT LEAST a half size bigger.
B00AONWP6U good shoe. runs small. liked the shoe. very light and the offset laces are a good idea. just want to let everyone know that these run very similar to nikes in sizing, so order 1/2 size bigger.
B00AONWP6U Incorrectly sized I have a 9 1/2 aa/aaaa foot size and based on other reviews here ordered the size 10.  It turned out to be too small in length.  The shoe was nice looking and extremely light weight, but unfortunately sized wrong.  Returning was a challenge but eventually worked out OK thanks to Amazon's Customer Service.
B00AONWP6U Puma Review Excellent walking sneaker. I ordered a half size larger as recommended. The sneaker was tight putting on but it did adjust. They are light and supportive to perfection. I cannot wear other supportive sneakers but this one was excellent. I highly recommend it but if you want you shoe to fit snug then order 1/2 size larger. if you want it a tad loose, the order it a whole size larger. I love it. I have always used Pumas for cycling shoes and now I have found new Pumas as excellent, light, well made walking sneakers.
B00AONWP6U Great shoes! Great shoes! But size is not true! Very light weight! Buy more! On the legs do not feel..It is a pity that the small size!
B00AONWP6U Puma Shoes They fit perfect ,they do run a half size small. I wear a 10 1/2 I bought an 11 perfect. they are very lightweight and comfortable. A great buy, highly recommend them to anyone.
B00AONX3AW Small/narrow fit I got these as a gift for my boyfriend who wears nothing but Puma shoes.  He always fits in the same size, no matter...except for these bad boys...they are at least a half-size too small and he asked, &#34;are these for kick boxing or ballet?&#34;, jokingly.  They are very low profile, so if that is what you are looking for, get a half-size larger than what you are used to.  Three stars, as they are actually pretty cool looking, prompt shipping & free returns, per usual, with Amazon!
B00AOOH730 If the shoe fits . . . I just received these shoes, so this is a very superficial review at this point. They look great, fit well, are comfortable, and seem to be well constructed. My experience with the Puma brand is that they tend to run maybe a half size small and somewhat narrow, and since I wear a 12 and size 12.5 is not available, I tried a 13. They fit perfectly with an additional insole & orthotics. So far I am very pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend these shoes.
B00AOOH730 At least a half a size small They are good looking sneakers but very small and narrow. Had to go through the process of returning them which is a pain. Though Amazon makes it easier. When I finally recieved my 11 I had to buy a support arch because there is no support at all. The shoe laces are long enough to hang yourself with (very bizarre)! I would not recommend these to anyone!
B00AOOH730 Comfortable Good comfortable shoe. I bought it a half size too large but it's OK, when it's hot and I'm walking a lot it works just fine.  I am a fan of Puma shoes so definitely recommend this one.
B00AOOH730 Not very feminine If you're looking for very feminine sneakers, they are not it. They probably look better on guys. .. and they do run a tiny bit small in size.
B00AOOH730 comfy and cute Gorgeous pair of sneakers. I'm a female and I love the classic look and color. Comfortable, fits really well and lightweight. I bought a size 8 (6.5 D) in Dark Shadow/Black because Turbulence was not available at that size. I usually wear size 7.5 but I sized up half a size so that I can wear socks with them. I have feet that are bordering on wide (but not quite) and the width of these are all right for me.
B00AOOK2OG Very nice but very small too These shoes are very pretty and they feel great when walking, the only problem I found is the size, i usually use size 9 but when I shop online whenever I climb average number and buy 9 1/2, as i did in this case, But this 9 1/2 feels like an 8 1/2, is also for thin feet, if you will shop them make sure to have thin foot and order at least a greater number than your actual size ....
B00AOOK2OG Watch your sizing! Returned first pair because they were way too tight. Went a half size bigger thinking it would do it but still too tight. I recommend going a size bigger.
B00AOOK2OG Be sure and order a full size larger I bought these and ordered a size 10 when I wear a 9.5, as was recommended in the comments.  They were still a half size too small.  Fortunately, my son wears a 9 and these fit him fine so we kept them send I ordered another pair size 10.5 in black.  These fit fine.  The shoes are excellent and arrived quickly and with a nice shoe bag.  Buy them but a full size larger.
B00AOOK2OG Great sneakers, Comfortable, Perfect Fit. I was spectacle in purchasing them because of the size issue, but after reading some of the reviews that they were worth buying because their comfortable. I had to purchase them since I'm a fan of pumas. Almost in all puma sneakers/shoes I always go for a size 11. I decided to purchase these a half size bigger 11.5 instead of a full size like a lot of people mentioned and these fit perfectly on my feet. They feel and are very comfortable. I recommend these sneakers and I suggest doing what I did order a half size bigger than your normal size.
B00AOOK2OG Great once you get the size These sneakers are Extremely comfortable.  I love them and have been wearing them since I got them.  Having said that BEWARE of the size issue.  As others have said in their comments you need to go 1 size up.  I wear size 11 and got them and were too small.  Amazon is great and I was able to exchange them with no hassle to size 12.  Do yourself a favor and don't make my mistake just go one size up and you can't go wrong with these.  Others have said that they are narrow.  I have fat feet and after wearing them for 2 or 3 days they conformed to my feet and stretched to cradle my foot.  This is because the leather is very soft.  And yes these are leather uppers not like what is in the description.  If you go to the Puma site they state that they are leather.  Only the tongue of the shoe is vinyl. The stitching on the top makes the leather conform to your every move.
B00AOOK2OG Way too small The shoe looks awesome - but WAY too small. I wear a size 9 almost always. I know Puma's run small so I ordered a 9.5. 9.5 arrived and way too small. I reordered - this time a size 10 (first time in my life I've ever worn a 10). Worst part, because size issue and shoe came from other source (just &#34;fulfilled by Amazon&#34;) it coast me over $15 to return.
B00AOOK2OG too small its too small i usually use US10 size but at this case it more US9 than US10 i should buy US11
B00AOOL1SC puma suede; fit and function I am grateful that previous purchasers commented on the fit of these shoes.  Through their reviews I was alerted the shoes run a little small.  I therefore ordered a half size larger, and the fit is good.  These shoes are also comfortable and give good support.  These were a good purchase for me.
B00AOQ3EO4 When I say that this shoe fits as expected..... I meant that according to the size chart we expected PUMA to run a little small, so we ordered a size up like we do with Nike cleats. They fit her perfectly ordering up. My daughter absolutely LOVES these cleats...and so do all her friends!
B00AOQ75LM read all the reviews about puma and still didnt take the sage advice that these shoes really do run a size smaller.  I bought a pair of indoor shoes this year.  the reviews said they ran a bit small, and the same for this shoe.  I figured since the first pair i bought where fine even when people wrote, ...ahh its not a big deal.  wrong, for puma, they really are a size smaller.  im a 11.5 like the good man wrote above, and im sure these are either a 10.5 or maybe a small 11, im not quite sure.  they are snug.  but im probably just going to wear for playing indoor mostly.  ive got studetn prime so i knw i could send back but i hate doing that.  anyway take the good advice, i know it goes against your conscious but these pumas run so small.  what the hell puma, maybe in europe they run the sizes so differently it screws up US sizes
B00AOQ75LM Upsizing Required I purchased this shoe to play racquetball. I am a size 12 and the reviews stated that the shoe was somewhat smaller than expected. I, being me, decided that they must ALL be wrong...Wrong!...Please take heed to the warnings about this shoe presenting smaller than the advertised size. I returned my size 12's and purchased the next full size up. I must say that the size 13 fits me like a glove. The shoe is very light, somewhat narrow, but very comfortable. They feel as though I am not wearing shoes at all...In all, this shoe is an EXCELLENT purchase with bold styling and the grip I need on the court. IF ORDERING THIS SHOE, GET THE NEXT LARGEST SIZE UP FROM YOUR NORMAL SIZE...:-)
B00AOQ75LM Three Stars Runs about a size and a half too small.
B00AOQ75LM Great shoe They came quite quickly (which of course is always awesome) they're very very light, look fantastic and fit real well. I mistakenly ordered my Puma Liga shoes a year ago in a size too big (everyone was suggesting to) and for a good year, they slowly began to hurt. Decided to order these in my normal shoe size and they fit real nice and snug. Hopefully when I can play some futsal/indoor, I'll get to REALLY see how these bad boys do.
B00AORB3DW Rediculously Small They looked cool--just like the pics, but were waaaay to small, therefore unusable. If it weren't for that, they would have gotten 5 stars, but they may as well have been doll shoes. These CAN'T be men's sizes! I thought at first they might be for children. I bought two other pair of Pumas in the same size (8.5) and they fit perfectly. Puma sizes are always unpredictable, and I can't figure that out. I have about 10 pair in several different sizes ranging from 8.5-11 that all fit me perfectly. At one point I thought my foot had grown a size because I kept having to buy 11-11.5, but then I bought some other shoes and the size was what it always had been--I'm a 10. It's a Puma thing, but I'll keep buying! When they fit, they sure are cool! Suggestion: go up at least a size and a half--maybe two to get your real size. If you get the right fit, these would be awesome--great price for super cool shoes.
B00AORB3DW Beautiful, but too small for me These looked amazing, but unfortunately, they run small.  I ordered an 11.5, but they felt more like a 10.5.I know soccer footwear fits snug in the toe box, but I felt like I'd break a toe just trying to run in these.  If I'd had a bigger size, I'm sure they would've fit just fine.
B00AORB3DW shoe fits snug I purchased a size smaller than I wear in a regular shoe, and it is very snug, which is what you want for a soccer cleat. If you wear two pairs of socks, I'd go 1/2 size smaller, but I wear one pair so I went down a full size. It is very tight at first, but relaxes after about 20 minutes of wear.Great looking shoe and I run very well in them.
B00AORB3DW Ordered the right cleat the first time. Used the sizing of these cleats as ones that would be fitting small. I have toms that are size 8s and these cleats were perfect size 9s. God bless.
B00AORB3DW Three Stars Nice shoes, but too small sizes... I should have been ordered a bigger size.
B00AORB3DW Soccer cleats When you buy soccer cleats always buy one size bigger than your actual size, worst case scenario you wear two socks
B00AORB3DW They where a half size to large I needed a ... They where a half size to large I needed a size 9 but, hey at least they fit rather easy
B00AORB3DW Good shoes. Different size Very light. My foot ranges from 8.5-9, so judging by other comments I went with a 9. Most people say these run small. Length was an issue for size 9, and the leather is so soft and pliable that I figure the 8.5 will stretch to form my foot even if they are tight at first. For me, a nice tight fit is more important.
B00AORBTZY Stylish These look great. They do come kind of small so order half a size up. If you have a wide foot you might want to order a whole size higher. That's the only thing you have to worry about when ordering these. You'll get alot of compliments if you wear them.
B00AORBTZY Size might be incorrect I ordered these shoes in the size I normally wear for anything else. I've found they are pretty snug fitting. I've been using them on a daily occurrence for the past week. They seemed to loosen up a little but not to my liking.
B00AORBTZY great shoes and fast shipping I would recomend this to anyone who likes light shoes. They are so nice and confortable but one thing, they run small so make sure you get half size up, I weear 12.5 on Nike tiempo and 13 on this puma.
B00AORBTZY Nice shoes The previous reviews are correct.  Get a bigger size.  I usually wear size 9, but I have a wide feet.  I ordered size 9.5 and it was somewhat small.  I finally ordered size 10 and it fit better.Nice shoes overall
B00AOREMJ4 shoes size I use to wear soccer shoes size 10.5 (43.5) but this kind of shoes come somewhat tight & small. Thanks
B00AOREMJ4 Way Too Small!!! I wear a mens size 9 1/2 in almost every shoe I have worn as an adult.  These cleats run way too small, I finally had to get a size 11 to get this shoe to fit comfortably.  I would order a size 1 1/2 to 2 sizes larger in this style of Puma.
B00AOREPGY Great shoe Ordered 1/2 size larger than I usually wear.  Fits nearly perfect.  Would likely be too tight if I went with my normal size.  No blisters and great grip on firm turf.
B00AQ1HX1C Too small After washing It was much smaller than other large puma t shirts I have.  I would probably need to go to next size up
B00AQ1HX1C Looks great... It arrived on time and does look as described. The unavoidable conclusion, however, is that it a full size too small. As it is 100% cotton, this will only get worse. The label does indicate the corrrect size, so the selller did not make a mistake.If you like the style just consider one size larger. Even if I hand wash it and wring dry it is still too small. I may give it to a friend who will love it.
B00AWMVULO the size is to small my baby is not happy whith the kids baby boy. becouse the item is to small we need one size for  boys 12 years old
B00AWXMN6O excellent  quality puma shirt as always very good quality but the size was too small for me,i have given that one to my son .I will order a large size soon .
B00AWXMN6O strange size I love the shirt ,but I had to return and get a larger size. Its the only XL in my closet
B00AWYU432 I am thin and this was smaller than expected Awesome shirt I am a huge fan of the Ferrari brand, I was hoping for a slightly larger shirt as I ordered a large. I am quite thin and I can't imagine a large person would find this shirt to be comfortable. I am tall and thin I would recommend an xl for my stature profile, and a larger size for anyone 6&#34; and up. If you are bigger than me get an xl or an xxl. The best way I can describe this shirt is that is European fit. So Americans go for 2-3 sizes bigger than your normal size.
B00AWYUO46 Fits a little small in the shoulders Overall good quality. I like it a lot. I suggest you take one size larger than usual due to the snug fit across the chest and shoulders.
B00AWZMVNM Get one size bigger They look great . But always order one size biger .. If you large with nike/Adidas .. You will need XL with puma .. Hope they want shrink to much :(( keep a way from the dryer .. !!
B00AWZO53G PUMA needs to stop messing it up, Amazon's good. Nothing wrong but the size was bigger for a large size, it's PUMA's fault. I mean manufacturer's fault. That's all
B00AY65V1I Runs small If you have wider feet I would choose  the next size up. Otherwise I think they fit really pretty well.
B00AY65V1I Good The appearence was like the add, but when it arrived, its size was a little smaller than the real size in stores..
B00AY65V1I Runs small Runs very small as compared with Nike. Go one size up.  Looks good, but the tapered toe makes it tight on the right side of the shoe.
B00AY65V1I Size Alert The shoes are fine since I read other customer's replies who commented that they run one full size larger than you wear. I wear a 10.5 and ordered an 11.5 which fit well. Make sure you order large or you will be returning them.
B00AY65V1I TOO SMALL ALL MY SHOES ARE 11 AND THIS PAIR ARE THE ONLY ONE THAT DON'T FIT I PROBABLY NEED 12....TOO SMALL!AND I CAN'T RETURN BECAUSE I'M AN INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMERPLEASE USE THE RIGHT CHART!
B00AY65V1I Nice shoes the quality of the shoes is nice and it is comfortable. however, the size of the shoe is small so e.g. if your feet are between 10.5-11.5 it is much better to order 11.5 otherwise it won't fit.
B00AY6NZDE One size too large I have a pair of Puma Suede in size 8 which fits me perfect and an 8 in these felt about a full size (or half) too large. Had to return 'em.
B00AYBQL4Y Cute but tight I really like it but I would order the next bigger size the next time I order from Puma. I ordered 2Y for my 15-month old girl and it fits her perfectly.
B00AYBQOGO i love it My daughter is 4. I got size 6x for her. it is almost the right size, probably size 6 would fit right. Otherwise that Puma set is very good quality, and I would certainly recommend it to anyone
B00B1E4QSQ Buy atleast a size up Usually I wear a size 8.5 so 9 is a perfect fit with space for sneakers... This size 9 is pretty close but it'll work.
B00B1E4QSQ Very comfortable Size did run a bit small as other reviewers had said, I typically wear a size 10 in women's, so I ordered an 11 and it fit great, a little extra space for running and movement. They came quickly, look just as pictured and are very comfortable. I have had lots of comments from people liking them and I have only had them a week. Very happy overall with this purchase.
B00B1E4QSQ small nice shoe..runs a whole size small though. it was light weight and just as pictured in color. if you have small feet, it works.
B00B1E4QSQ shoe size I like the style and the color of the shoe but the size differs smaller than other athletic shoes that I own so I would go 1/2 size larger then normally wear!
B00B1E4QSQ Great Fit The shoes are extremely comfortable, light and my feet stay dry.  I normally wear a size 7.5 but had to purchase a size 8 in all Puma shoes.
B00B1E4QSQ If only looks are important I like the style of the shoe, but they were small for size and they were not very comfortable. I ended up returning them.
B00B1E4QSQ Fits a bit small Great looking shoes. I bought these for gym/work shoes. The color is more vibrant than in the picture. I own several pair of puma shoes (size 7 womens) and after reading the reviews I decided to get a size 7.5 Glad I did, they definitely fit small. I would probably be more comfortable if I moved up to a size 8 in these shoes, but since I am not going to use them for running I will keep the 7.5
B00B1E4QSQ Normal size is too small The shoes run very small. Definitely go for a half size up or even a whole size bigger. Otherwise, they fit nicely.
B00B1E4QSQ Great Sneakers I received this sneakers and loved it! However, they were a bit small so I am exchanging them for a bigger size- can't wait to get them
B00B1E4QSQ too small Even though the shoe runs a size small it is very cute.  I returned and opted for a different shoe.  I found an aasics brand for less money.
B00B1E4QSQ Cute but Too Small! These shoes are very nice looking, but they were too small. I always wear a size 9 but these shoes are not true to size. I liked the looks of them enough to try to get them in a size bigger, but am not sure how much bigger to go.
B00B1E4QSQ very nice! I purchased these shoes a half size bigger than my normal size after reading other reviews. I'm glad I did; perfect fit. They are a very light shoes and they allow my feet to breathe (mesh fabric). Very glad I purchased them. Love the colors as well :)
B00B1E4QSQ Sized a half size smalll Love the shoes...but the I am a solid size 9 (sometimes an 8.5) and these are actually about a 8-8.5
B00B1E4QSQ A little flat footed. Several reviews I had read stated they run a little small. I wear a 5.5 normally. I ordered a 6 and they fit fine. I agree with ordering 1/2 larger for this style. Not alot of arch support, but comfortable. Kinda like wearing flats.
B00B1E4QSQ Great, comfortable sneakers. I ordered a half size smaller because most of the reviews said that getting true to size was too big. At first it was a bit snug, but after breaking them in they fit perfectly with thin workout socks. These are my new favorite pair of sneakers to workout in!
B00B1E4QSQ Go up a size when buying these sneakers I always wear a size 8.5 in sneakers and they were too small so I exchanged for a size 9 which I love.
B00B1E4QSQ PUMA shoe too smal I liked these shoes but they are not sized properly.  I typically wear an 8 but always get an 8.5 for my workout shoes.  The 8.5 I ordered felt like a 7.5 or 8 size.  Not sure why such a big discrepancy in ordering a PUMA shoe.  This was my first time.  Usually buy ASICS or RYKA shoes.  Then when I went to re-order them in a larger size the price was much higher so now I will not buy them.
B00B1E5NU6 well worth the wait for the right size! I was happy to finally see these sneakers in my shoe size. I recieved this product three days after I ordered it, the packaging was excellent. The products appearance, size and colors are true to the item displayed. The quality seems very good although I have not worn them outside yet. I am very pleased so far.
B00B4S2QUE Great shoes. They are great. Very light and well made.Great for 12h shift. True to size. If you want more room order half size up. That what I did. My size is 8.5 and I got 9 in dark blue. I can't be more happy with this purchase.
B00B4S2QUE good buy Bought this shoe for my sister.Knowing that PUMA is a little small fitting I ordered a 1/2 size bigger  Fits well ,  no complains.The top is not leather.
B00B4YAC54 Fits like a glass slipper. I ordered size 13 to match my daughter's shoes size.  The fit was perfect. Color was abit green than yellow. My daughter was very pleased with her cleats.
B00B4YAC54 Great all round cleat Liked the style, price, and quality.  Unfortunately size a bit too small (foot size not a problem with the shoe size) and needed for a game too soon to exchange.
B00B4YAUMO TOO SMALL Really like the make of this cleat but sizes definitely run small.  Had to order size and a half bigger for my daughter.  But now that they fit; she loves them!
B00B4ZZWJE Runs small Had to order a full size larger than expected. My son loves the shoes otherwise for playing soccer inside and out.
B00B4ZZWJE Way too small The product wasn't even close to fitting.  Order at least a size bigger.  One size bigger however will cost $20 more.  From $27 to $47.  Ouch!  (11K to 12K)
B00B500LGC Order bigger size, runs small Love the colors, and shipping was fast. Just disappointed that they run so small. Need to order at least one size up, if not two
B00B5013PK ORDER 1 FULL SIZE LARGER Great cleats&#8230; but the sizing is way off.  My daughter is 9 and wears a 4 1/2 sneaker.  4 1/2 cleat was extremely small.  Decided to skip the 5 and order 5 1/2&#8230; fits perfectly.  I usually read reviews but I didn't this time.  Luckily Amazon's return policy rocks.  :-)
B00B502N5Y Good but a bit tight for size These are a bit narrow but my daughter likes them.  Like other reviews, I suggest ordering 1/2 size larger than normal shoe size(comparing to New Balance usually worn).
B00B502OSA Need to go one size larger on these... They appear to be good quality but the size runs smaller than normal.  We are returning and going up one full size...
B00B502OSA The shoe fits Good shoe. Love the styling on Pumas. One thing to note is that Puma's in general run small or get a 1/2 size bigger if you can.
B00B503JTS Lightweight and Worth the Price I give them only a four because they run small. I ordered a size larger then my daughter normally takes, thinking that these would get me through the rest of the current soccer season and the next one. Don't think they will manage that long as they just fit her, if she didn't need them so badly at the time I would have exchanged for a larger size. Product is well made and they are very snazzy on the soccer field!
B00B503JTS Nice Cleats My daughter is a very solid U10 player.  She loves these cleats, they are light fast and cool.  Based on other reviews I ordered a half size larger and they fit perfectly.  She has an Adidas cleat in size 3.5 that fits exactly like this one in a size 4.  Look closely at the picture these are not leather cleats, but rather a woven looking polyurethane.  Hopefully they breath better than a lot of the other cleats  They play well and have a unique look.
B00B503JTS Unique cleat Great unique shoe, easy to clean but run small so order full size bigger then you need. Over all great buy
B00B503JTS Very Nice Cleats! My daughter loves her new cleats!! She is very Picky about how shoes feel on her feet, I ordered a half size bigger than she normally wears & I have heard no complaints from her ;)
B00B504NFC Wrong Size I bought shoes size 6 Big Kid, and sent 6 of women size. I am upset by the mistake.I need to do change the size requested in the purchase.
B00B51CJWK best fit for me. am 51 and i have small feet. i normally special order my 4.5 shoe but if the shoe is narrow, i can usually fit in a 5 in women size. when i bought my first pair, i didn't realize it is kid size. i decided that from now on i will only wear this kind of shoe so i bought another pair and am thinking of purchasing my 3rd. this bioweb junior size shoe is cut narrow so be aware when you place your order junior size or otherwise.
B00B532Q26 pumas these shoes are awesome, they fit my daughter perfectly! i read some other reviews and bought a half size larger and they fit perfectly!!
B00B532Q26 Run a little small I got 1 point bigger than my child was wearing, but still very tight for him. Despite of this, I love this shoes!
B00B53B1OU Four Stars Great looking pair of shoes but definitely runs small. Do remember to size up
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes About a half size small but we ordered accordingly s based on other reviews. My son loves them and they are easy for him to get on by himself
B00B5HUIO0 Order at least one size bigger than normal At least one size too small. My son wears 2 in vans needed 3.5 in pumas.  Great sneakers for the price.
B00B5HUIO0 Run small My son has narrow average type feet. These ran very small. They were the exact same length as his Puma S Vulc Jr but were suppose to be a size up. We returned and waiting for the size up.
B00B5HUIO0 The pair we got was sized incorrectly We ordered a size 9 and it was as big as our elder son's size 12.... Fortunately we have many little feet to wear the shoes.
B00B5HUIO0 great shoe but too small a really nice shoe as expected from Puma, but run small. my son has just gone in to 11s so I ordered sz 11 but they were just too small
B00B5HUIO0 Cute but a tad small. These 6's fit like some of our daughters size 5's. You might order up one size. Otherwise, they're adorable. Thanks.
B00B5HUIO0 Wrong error It was a wrong purchase as it is for an adult and not a child, the shoe is too small I need a size 13 adult
B00B5HUIO0 Sending them back for the second time I love the style of the shoes.  I originally ordered a size 11 1/2, which is what my granddaughter is currently wearing.  I used the innersole guide for sizing and decided that it was almost too small.  So I returned and reordered a size 12.  Received the bigger size, and much to my dismay, they seemed to fit exactly the same as the original size.  So I am trying a final time and reordering the next size larger.  If the 12 1/2 fits, I will be very happy.  If not, the shoes will be returned, and I won't be ordering shoes online again.
B00B5HUIO0 Very cute! Bought these for my son to wear in spring and they arrived and are even cuter in person! I did buy a size up from his current size and they seem like they will fit great with room to grow (these do seem to run a half size or full size small). Cute shoes!!
B00B5HUIO0 Great kicks but definitely run small These are great sneakers. However, they definitely run small. I had ordered a size 12 which is the current size my son wears. I had to send them back & get a size 13. Those fit like the 12 should fit.
B00B5KZACC Great Shoes Love the show good price, just to small needed a bigger size.  I wish they had them in a larger size.
B00B5KZACC Cute! I bought these shoes for my 6 year old and she loves them!  She told me right away that they feel like slippers.  They fit true to size.We did have the wrong size sent initially, but Amazon was great at switching them out for the correct size in a a very timely manner.
B00B5KZACC love them but run a lil small I bought these for my daughter who jus stated to wear a size 8 I wanted these to be for her for next fall I had gotten a size 9 fubu shoes that r big on her that r going to b for next fall to but these do run small because her toes r almost to the top I do luv them tho there easy to get on and off they are cute and if u lift the shoe tougne up u can c how much longer they will fit as for there is a shoe measuring thing on pad in inside i did buy a pair for my youngest to cuz i loved them she wont fit hers till next fall i actually bought them for my girls to match i would buy them again tho  but jus in a bigger size
B00B5L0ANK wayyyy too small. it was almost 2 sizes smaller ... wayyyy too small. it was almost 2 sizes smaller than ever other shoe i have. i couldn't even get my foot into it!
B00B5LHG82 Purchased one size bigger but still was too small, my experience in General is that puma makes good looking shoes Purchased one size bigger but still was too small, my experience in General is that puma makes good looking shoes
B00B5LHG82 Too small They are very nice shoes but was just a size too small..i love them so much that i want an exchange!
B00B5VYKAE deception is msmall thah the regular size, is a second time that same thing. if you do not have the correct size you must explain.
B00B5W0FHK its too small IF you get this shoe i suggest that you get a size or two bigger cause my son where's a 4 and this 5 is right at his toes. So I'm sending these back for a 6
B00B5W0FHK Great shoe-may run a little big for smaller feet Great shoe! Super cute ! However, I had to order smaller size for my 3 year old. But now I have other size for her to grow in to!
B00B5W0FHK Made Small Great looking shoes, and my daughter loves them.  However they are made very small as I got my daughter a size 10 which is a half size bigger then what she really wears and they are super tight.  Unfortunately my husband tossed the box in the garbage, therefore we can not return them!!!!
B00B5W0FHK Nice and comfortable Bought these for my 4- year old daughter who usually wears size 9. Somehow pumas run a bit smaller than advertised; you'll have to order up one size.
B00B5WFE26 Nice shorts but.... I bought these shorts for track practice, and im kind of small so I knew I could fit these. They are very cute but make sure that you get and X- Large because the Large was a little tight, it felt like a medium. I think the sizing goes like this: X Large - size 16, Large - 14, Medium - Size 12, Small - Size 10. I will probably order again, but this time in a bigger size.
B00B5WILDU Watch out for size when you order. It is very light and nice shoes.  We like the design.  Only thing is the shoe sizes are set for smaller than other major shoe brands'.  My 10 years old boy wears size 2 Reebok and k swiss perfectly fit, but Puma's size 2 was so narrow and too small.  I had to exchanged it to 2.5 and it fit perfect.  When I buy Puma, I think I have to buy +0.5 size.
B00B6QO3O6 READ THIS BEFORE BUYING TOO TIGHT NOT TRUE TO SIZE!!!!! My boyfriend wears a size mens 13 and these fit me at a womens size 8
B00B6RN4UE Not true to size. I purchased these for my husband since he has a size 14 shoe. They didn't fit him and after 1 wash, they shrank. Now I wear them and I have a size 9 women's shoe.
B00B7LUG00 Wish I go the size right the first time Got these bad boys in the other day and was totally stoked, tried them on BAAM too small. My normal size is a 10.5 I reordered same type 11. This is not a big deal since Nikes tend to run a 1/2 size small on me.
B00B7LUG00 Note: Order half size up My husband has beautiful feet. He wears 10 1/2 with no problems usually. He does not have a high instep nor does he need wide width. The fit on these Pumas is a close call. You may want to order a half size up to have a little more room for your toes. I gave it three stars for the sizing. All other aspects were above expectations with this shoe and the delivery and packaging. But sizing was almost a disaster and no one wants to make a mistake in that department because the whole idea of ordering from Amazon is to not have to exchange items. He is wearing them still and is doing well without exchanging them. But if his toes were any longer, no way Pumas would fit.
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable The shoe is very comfortable, although I would order 1/2 smaller than normal.  I ordered the same size as my other Pumas & these are a little larger than those.
B00B7LV8V6 Great sport flats! I love these flats but they run a whole size small... so for the perfect fit, go up one size. They feel like you're walking on air.
B00B7LV8V6 I love these flats these flats are so comfy. I somewhat dislike flats because most of them are stiff and usually give me blisters but these are almost like little slippers but with a thick bottom in case i step on something sharp. I wear these for my 8 hour shifts at work ( on my feet all day)&#8230;&#8230;.and my feet feel fine afterward. I would highly recommend them, great price. maybe half size bigger they run a little small.
B00B7LV8V6 Size up Cute cushy shoe.  A least 1/2 to 1 size too small.  Please consider that when ordering this particular shoe folks!  It's going back.
B00B7LV8V6 Love these shoes! This is the second pair I have bought of these shoes and love them to death, wear them all over, are very comfortable for being so flat, feels like your walking without shoes...I would say they run a bit small and to get a half size up, I did and the fit is perfect. My other pair is in my size and are snug at the toe. Will buy more of these in other colors.
B00B7LV8V6 I love these little shoes! I bought the black version of these shoes and I just love them. I'll probably be buying the other colors as well. They have more padding than I was expecting, but don't expect them to be overwhelmingly supportive or anything. They are thin soled and can be completely bent in half. You MAY want to buy a half size up as another reviewer suggested. I bought my true size and they felt a bit tight around my toes at first but after wearing them a few days they really loosened up and are very comfortable now. Ordering up half a size may be wise but if you wear them enough they will stretch and form to your foot. These are really cute shoes, very simple and easy to dress up or down. I highly recommend them!!
B00B7LV8V6 nice shoe Nice shoe, comfortable and very cute. I like them, but they run small. I would order a half size larger
B00B7LV8V6 A little small, but good shoes. These look good and are comfortable, but order a half size up. The first pair we ordered in my wife's normal sized squished her toes and we had to go a half size up.
B00B9ZDQA6 Loved the shoe but WAY too small for the size I really like the style and feel of the shoe but I was pretty shocked at how small it was for the size.  I don't own any shoes above size 11 but I think I would need to order at least a size 12 in this shoe.  I returned it and will find something else since they are now out of stock.
B00BAZGA8A Nice pink shoe I bought these for my 5 year old daughter. She is size 11 and I bought size 11,5 I hope these going to be just right for spring.
B00BK4SEEY good fit great price This is my second pair of  soccer cleats. My first pair was a hand me down gift, Patrick's size 12, and I normally wear a 11 so I put some cotton pads and duct tape inside the heel cup to get my toes closer to the front of the boot by a 1/4 inch. They felt great but even so I had an extra 3/4 inch of space in front of my big toe which I have found out is too much. It is hard not to drag the toe when kicking and so I am wearing a hole in the toe. For my next pair I tried on some some Adidas 11pro trx fg but these still had 5/8 inch of extra space in front of the big toe in a size 11.The rest of the fit was tight but good.I think I could size down to 10.5 in this shoe and it would eventually stretch to width. It has a Taurus Leather toe box that stretches but not as much as Kangaroo Leather. I tried the Puma's size 11 and the fit in the shoe is tight but good and only 1/4 inch in front of the big toe. I think this will be as good as I can get as I have tried on a lot of cleats and many pinched my three smaller toes too much when I tried to get a good fit in front of my big toe or some like the Diadora were actually slightly too wide. My foot is exactly 11 inches long and 4-1/8&#34; at the widest point or size 11D. The other option I considered was going with a Kangaroo Leather Copa Mundial as I have heard they stretch quite a bit and sizing down too  a size 10 to get a good fit in the length on the sole plate and let the toe box stretch to width but those are heavier shoes and more expensive. They feel a little stiff out of the box but I have heard they loosen up quickly. They got a good review at soccerreviewsforyou.com. for touch,shooting,comfort and protection.This shoe weighs 293 grams or 10.1 grams, a medium weight shoe that is 2 to 3 ounces lighter than the Copa Mundial in this size and the same as the Adidas 11pro.  I will update on performance, comfort and durability when I have more experience with these shoes.
B00BYGV6X4 WAY TOO BIG!! Way bigger than I thought... They could fit me!!!! My son wears size 10 shoe so I thought they would be perfect but not even close &#128530;
B00C5UOT5U Awesome I have wide feet so I bought a size up to my recommended size. I should of bought an extra 1/2 a size up but these shoes fit quite well. They are very stylish and comfortable. Can't beat the price!
B00C5UPFPS watch shoe size! this was a nice sneaker unfortunately it was to small for me. I ordered a size 12, and in every universe that means size 12, but is this alternate Amazon universe I find that it was a size 10.5! MAYBE 11, as i could barely fit my foot in it. great price, and great shoes, but be sure to order oversize online, or be prepared to send them back!
B00C699NTC Returned for smaller size I inadvertently selected 11.5 instead of 11.0. The shoes were returned and a size 11.0 was ordered. The return was handled promptly and efficiently by Frederick P.. The size 11.0 arrived and fit well.
B00C699NTC Like it I put that they fit a bit small because every pair of Pumas I've ever had seem to be a little snug in the tie area. I bought these for my husband and he's really happy with them. Snug, but wearable. I would suggest getting a size up if you normally wear a wider shoe size.
B00C6AIR2U Love Puma Always love my puma shoes.As always, puma's run small.  So get a half size bigger than what you usually wear.
B00C6AIR2U Not the same size I ordered Clearly,  I ordered a size 13, taking into account the slim fit of most puma shoes. I have size 12 feet wide, so naturally I would try size 13. The shoes sent to me were exactly size 12 and so wearing these shoes is somewhat uncomfortable, similar to wearing two pairs of thick socks with a fitted shoe. I don't think I can return it anymore since I have thrown away the box it came in, so goodbye $40.
B00C6BOILS nice Awesome shoe. Just a bit larger than my normal size. Plan to get a half size bigger.  I would recommend.
B00C6BPP10 Way too small The shoe was fine in all aspects except for the fact that it was WAY too small. I can only think it was mislabeled, as it was at least a size and a half too small. I went to a local shoe store and found the same shoe in my size, and while it too was too small, it was about a size bigger than the pair I received in this order. Obviously, I had to return the pair, and I just received my refund. That part worked very well.
B00C6BPP10 Order at least a size up. Nice looking comfortable shoe.First pair way too small.  The size I order in every other shoe/boot I own, I couldn't get my foot in.Ordered a size up to a 13 and it fit better.  Felt a little narrow still, but much more accurate.
B00C6BPP10 Great shoe for the price - My take on the sizing... I bought these at 11.5 after reading the other reviews. I usually wear a 10.5.  I buy Pumas all the time, my last few pairs before this one were Whirlwinds, and I'd wear those at 10.5.  If i were to buy these again, I'd go with size 11.  The 11.5 are just a tad roomy, but not enough to complain.So if you're basing your current shoe size off of other Puma products, I'd say go a half size larger here and you'll be good!
B00C6BPP10 Fits a tiny bit small I bought these in the same size as my Adidas and they are just a tiny bit smaller. They still fit fine and are holding up great so far. I definitely prefer the styling and fit of Adidas but you can't beat these for the price.
B00C6BPP10 Order 1 to 1.5 sizes larger than normal. The shoes are very comfortable and light, but their sizes seem to run about 1 to 1.5 sizes too small.
B00C6BPP10 LOVE THEM!! I read the previous reviews about how these shoes run small, so I ordered a half a size bigger. They are a touch bigger than I would like, but they are so comfortable!! I absolutely LOVE these shoes!! Plus, you can't beat the price!
B00C6BPP10 Awesome Very confortable sneakers. I had to order a size bigger that I normally order and fits just fine. Love the style.
B00C6BPP10 Great shoes, run a little on the small side These shoes are great.  You need to ensure that you order 1/2 size larger than normal.  I typically wear a size 10.5, but needed a size 11 in these shoes.  The color combination is perfect for the Virginia Tech Hokies fan.
B00C6BPP10 Too big... Not true to size These sizes are fitting bigger then other puma shoes... Had to return them... They are not true to size sadly
B00C6BPP10 Great shoes! Be patient and order bigger! Very nice comfortable shoes, great casual sneakers but can be good for athletics too.. They are very similar to the speeders and whirlwind puma's.. If you like those, you'll love these.Keep in mind that the style runs small, order half a size or a size up. Also be patient with these, they are tight at first but after wearing them for a few days they'll loosen up for ya, I promise.
B00C6BPP10 I've only worn a couple times I wear size 12 in dress shoes but ordered a size 13 as I heard these run small. The size 13 is almost a perfect fit just a tiny bit bigger than my dress shoes. So far the shoes are comfortable as for durability, I haven't worn them enough to tell.
B00C6BPP10 Size does not match other PUMA shoes These were too small and a ten and a half is not the same size as other 10.5 PUMA shoes.
B00C6BPP10 grateful Great decision reading the comments before I bought the shoes. Love them...If your going to buy them buy a size bigger than you normally would.
B00C6BPP10 listened to the reviews I read the reviews before ordering and I kind of wished I hadn't. I ordered a size larger then I would have because the review said the shoes ran small. They aren't too large but I could have gone a 1/2 size down.
B00C6BPP10 Sizing is confusing, but once correct they're great! The sizes show on Amazon are listed as one size/another size.  Ignore this and go by the second size.  If it says 10.5 US/12D US... it's a 10.5.  Once I got the correct size, they look and fit great!
B00C6BPP10 If you're a 10.5 fit like me, order the 10.5 US / 12 US I'm a Puma shoe fanatic. I have Pumas in my closet I haven't worn yet because I bought them in bulk on sale. $23.49 for a pair of Pumas is a steal, but after reading the reviews about the sizing confusion, I ordered the 10.5 US / 12 D US. What came was a 10.5 shoe which is my size (9.5 UK / 44 EUR / 28.5 CM). I'm happy I don't have to deal with a return.
B00C6BPP10 Shoes do not fit I normally wear a size 10 shoe and as such ordered a size 10.  They were too small so I returned them and ordered a size 10.5.  These were still too small.  It's not necessarily the width, but the height of the shoe that was the problem.  I don't recommend them.
B00C6BPP10 buy bigger These shoes are tiny ! Buy up at least a size of be prepared to send back or strangle your feet.
B00C6BTJUS Looking sharp! The shoes look nice, although I bought black shoelaces to go with it, the gray shoelaces make them look like sport sneakers.  Also they are a little large, but not too bad, I wear a size 13 and they are slightly larger than Nike size 13.
B00C6BTJUS Runs A Little Small Great shoe, comfortable for the most part but runs a little small so you might want to consider ordering a half size up. Other than that, awesome style, quality product. Definitely recommend.
B00C6BUJDY Style meets comfort! These shoes fit better than I expected.  I ordered a half size larger based on other reviews and they fit perfectly. I love the look and they are very comfortable!
B00C6BUJDY LOVE THESE SNEAKERS These were shipped very quick & in great shape. I just love these sneakers & my husband really likes them as well, he couldn't stop looking at them & kept on tell me how nice they looked on my feet.  I wear a size 10 but got them in a 10 1/2 to be on the safe side because I have wide feet. At first when I put them on it was a little snug but after walking in them for a little while, they just broke right in. If you have wide feet you might want to get a 1/2 size bigger but if not, then you can just get your regular size. If you get them too big then they might stretch out to much. These are way better than the cheap ones.
B00C6BUJDY Thankyou reviewers I read all the reviews before I purchase these. Quite a few people recommended getting a size over your regular size. They were spot on. I'm normally an 8.5 (39) and I ordered a 9 (40). They fit perfectly. These are good looking kicks. I'm looking forward to wearing them.
B00C6EW87G Awesome shoe! I just got these shoes and I LOVE them. I love the style, the look and the feel. They fit to your feet so they are pretty much exact size so don't try getting a smaller size cause u can fit a smaller size in most sneakers but not these. They're pretty true to size. But I am definitely looking into buying more colors.
B00C6EW87G Great shoe, but size up Love this shoe, about as minimal as you can get. Size up! I'm a full size bigger in these than I normally am in Pumas
B00C6EW87G Great for indoor training... Order a size up ! It fit as expected after reading the reviews!!! But I LOVE these shoes for going to the gym... I would not do an outdoor run in them, but for gym purposes they are AWESOME !!!They run small like reviews posted... I normally wear a 7 (sometimes 7.5 depending on style), I ordered an 8, perfect fit!
B00C6EW87G Very happy with these shoes. This pair fit really well with socks on.  The first pair I ordered were a half size (still higher than my reg size) smaller and were to short but OK without.  I like them so well that I will keep them for warm weather and use them without the socks.  This shoes run a full size smaller than my usual size but I love them.  So comfortable, like wearing mocs.
B00C6EW87G Too small A whole size too small.  Do not carry a size 9 which I need.  Too bad bc they are cute.
B00C6EW87G Great design. Length a little short On warnings in other reviews, I ordered a half size up. I might have gone up a full size. Great weight. Great design for travel and lounging without being too athletic.
B00C6EW87G Love them! They are light, effortless, and comfortable.  Great for running around - probably would want more support for an intense workout or run.  I love the colors.  As some other reviewers indicated, they run a little small.  My advice is to order up a half size.  They were quickly shipped and arrived in perfect shape.  They are super cute - go for it!!
B00C6EW87G Puma slip on good choice I needed a new pair of slip on all around where everywhere shoes.  I like the style and comfort.  They do run small usually where size 8 had to return 8.5 and go up to 9.
B00C6EW87G Love them but definitely run small I ordered these a full size larger than I would normally wear and they fit perfectly. They are fashion sneakers as described, so don't expect to be able to wear them after it rains without your feet getting wet.Super cute and comfortable - very lightweight.
B00C6EW87G Too small I'm in between a women's size 71/2 and 8, so I ordered an 8, but it was too tight and would hurt my feet if I wore them.
B00C6EW87G look nice After reading the reviews and buying them in another color and finding that their fit is quite small, I got this pair one size bigger and they fit perfectly. They need to be break down a bit, since the rub on the back, but nothing that a band aid can't solve until they are broken broken down and molded to my feet.Just in case, I also got another pair of the electric green ones just half size bigger than my regular size and they fit fine. So there seems to be some discrepancies in the sizes between colors; quite odd in my opinion.
B00C6EW87G Puma Shoes are made in China I was so excited to order the Anaida Metallic Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker for my size 10.I was very disappointed that the shoe sent to me was a size 9.  Someone in China put a size 10 tab inside the size 9 shoe.I am sad that I had to send the shoes back.
B00C6EW87G runs 1/2 to a size small Cute but almost clear.  The shoe runs very small.  I wear a 6 1/2 - 7 usually and bought a size 7 and somehow they are too tight.
B00C6EW87G The size issue My shoe size is 8-8.5. I returned the 8.5 pair for a 9.0. It is still a bit small (need 9.5 for this make). So, if you consider buying this brand, make sure you are getting a size- size.5 bigger.
B00C6EW87G Light and comfortable I'm a size 6.5 and I ordered a size up and these shoes fit perfect. I use the shoe for biking only and I find them very light with plenty of air flow to keep my feet from overheating. Great purchase.
B00C6EW87G Runs small but looks great I love the shoe. Very fashionable. Not a shoe for working out. I gave the rating because I love Puma and their design. The only drawback is I normally wear a size 7 and read some reviews saying they run small. With this in mind I ordered a 7.5. I should have ordered an 8. With even thin noshow socks the 7.5 is snug and my big toes is touching the top. Order at least one entire size up.
B00C6EW87G Light Weight Great shoe. I&#8217;m so thankful that the reviews said to order half size larger. I did just that and the shoes are a perfect fit. Light weight easy to slip on and off.
B00C6EW87G Nice shoes! I really liked this shoes, the color is great exactly how I expected, and they are really conftroble to run, and very soft, the only thing is that they run a little smaller, so my advice is, go a half size bigger than you are, I'm a size 8 so I wish I would of got them as 8 and a half, but I still kept them cuz I loved them!
B00C6EW87G Runs a whole size smaller I think these shoes are adorable and they would have been completely awesome if they had fitted me. I got them in on time only to find out they were a whole size to small, kinda a disappointment.
B00C6EW87G Awesome shoes! These shoes are very lightweight and very comfortable. I had to order a size up though. I have narrow feet and  I wear size 7 in shoes and usually a 7 1/2 in tennis shoes. I got the 7 1/2 and returned them for a 8 and the 8's fit perfectly! These shoes don't have thick soles, they are made more for working out inside and not for walking or running. They are perfect for gym, dancing, or any indoor activity! They are very flexible and feel close to ballet shoes! They are the cutest shoes I have bought in a long time and was excited to be able to get them in the bigger size when the 7 1/2 didn't fit! I promise that you will need to size up at least a 1/2 size bigger than your tennis shoes! I didn't listen to some of the reviews and ordered the 7 1/2s and ended up having to wait till I got the bigger ones and I have narrow feet! Well worth it though and will be putting these shoes to good use!
B00C6EW87G So cute but horrible fit. Short story: DEFINITELY go up a half size.  Invest in insoles if you're concerned about comfort.Long story:  I have a narrow foot and have worn plenty of pumas before.  I read the reviews that said these run very small but still decided to go for a 10 (my actual size) because most pumas I've had have actually been too big.  So I assumed between the tendency to run large and this particular style being too small I'd come out on the winning end.WRONG.I've never had a shoe hurt THE SECOND I put it on.  The left shoe sharply rubbed the back of my ankle with the very first step I took.  I have flat feet but these have NO support whatsoever.  I can't imagine walking long distances or spending a day at the zoo in these shoes.  (Maybe with insoles.)  These are more like slip-ons to wear out for a quick errand.  Almost like a fancy flip flop.But in true woman's fashion they really are the cutest shoes I've purchased in a long time so I'll be keeping them.  I've been all about comfort for a long time and most of my shoes are a pretty homely reflection of that. Fortunately I bought them while the weather is cold so I can spend some time breaking them in around the house.  (They're also VERY lightweight - which I expected - but they cannot/should not be worn in cold, wet weather.  Yeah, these shoes are pure profit for Puma.)
B00C6EW87G Great Looking ... Runs 1 size smaller Great looking potentially comfortable sneaker. They are definitely not true to size. I had to exchange a 7 for an 8 and I'm waiting on their arrival. I hope the 8 fits like a 7 should. The size 7 felt like a wicked step sister trying to squeeze her foot into someone else's shoe!
B00C6EW87G Great choice I love them... Very light and easy to Wear they run small So defintely you need to go half or 1 size bigger but other Than That nothing wrong.. Very Pretty shoe
B00C6EXR76 Great concept, but they run narrow and a half size small I purchased these because I loved the idea of a platform sneaker without a wedge heel, which is the current trend. Being only 5'4&#34;, I like the extra height these would give me, especially at concerts (I'm always behind tall people!). Puma's are also my go-to for street/fashion sneakers. Sadly, these just won't work for me in my regular size 9. I found the upper to be quite narrow and tight fitting, and perhaps because of this, a half size small. I'm not even confident if I went up a half size they would work either because I wore them while sitting down only for 15 minutes and had to take them off because they were squeezing my foot too much. I will be returning these and keep my fingers crossed that if Puma comes out with a next generation of this style, they will fit better.
B00C7GKY06 Shipped in two different sizes.. The outfit is great - of good quality material and very nice looking. However, I ordered size 18 months but what was delivered to me was wrong. I received a size 18 months jacket and size 12 months pants. I gave it a 3 star because my son is skinny, still wearing a lot of his smaller sized bottoms, so it actually works for him. Each piece is true to its listed size, but for most kids it would be nice to have to same size for each piece. I didn't attempt to return it because, like I said, it worked for my boy.
B00C7JZXAY Super cute! I ordered a size 6x for my niece to use over summer. She normally wears a size 5T, but this fits her perfectly right now. With that being said, the sizing runs somewhat small.She loves the shirt!
B00C7L1YMS Too Small The shirt wasn't a euro cut, or slim fit shirt..It's a size small and doesn't fit my slim 6 year old daugter. TOO SMALL
B00C7L2S0U Order a larger size! This product is a lot smaller than what it should be. Will have to give it away as way too small.
B00C7MRCUA good quality fabric My daughter loves these. They look very cute on her. But the sizing is a little off. She is small and short for her age of 7 I always order her smaller so I bought the 6x and they are fine around the waist but are short for her. Id recommend a size larger for the lenght.
B00C7MRCUA HAPPY but they run about 1 size too small. They're perfect except I wish I had gotten a bigger size. My daughter JUST turned 4, I ordered her a 4T but I have to pull them down a bit bc they're too short. I can't put them in dryer for fear they'll shrink too much. But they're DEF good quality!
B00C7MVJEU Pretty good hoodie It fit pretty well head opening a little small for comfortable on and off. Runs a liitle small bought for average size toddler that wears size 3 normally.
B00C7MVJEU good quality, but way too small If you get one go at least two sizes up.  Got 2 (3 and 6 year old girls),  both were much smaller than other clothes labeled the same size.
B00CAJRVII smaller than expected .. her size in addidas and nike is 12.5 .. although size 13 in puma was smaller !!  But, quality is perfect and my kid seems to be comfortable in this model
B00CAJRVII Great sneakers!!! My son is 5 and he loves puma that's the only shoes he says it's confatable, he's size 11 1/2 so I got him one size bigger and they fit perfect . So the only thing is order bigger size they run a little small, but otherwise puma is a great shoes for kids.
B00CAJT9OW Adorable but WAY too small I should have read the reviews but I didn't, this product runs AT LEAST one size small.  However, they are some of the cutest shoes I have seen.  I didn't want to go through the hassle of a return so I gave it as a gift and the recipient loved them.
B00CAJT9OW Runs small This product runs small.  Buy at least one size larger.  I purchased the sneaker as my son's current size and had to return them.  When I returned them the price to purchase another pair was $30 more.  Needless to say I did not replace.
B00CAJT9OW pretty cool color.. I think it runs small compare to other brand... fit just right, just need to order bigger size next time I like a little room for the toes..
B00CAJT9OW love! I got these in pink for my 2 year old. I followed the advice of the other posters and bought them a size larger than what she wore, glad I did! They fit with plenty of room to grow. Had I got her size they wouldn't have fit her....at least not for long. Other than that I love them!
B00CAJT9OW Run about a size too big. These run a size too big, and are also not the cutest Pumas. Also heavier than other shoes that are not runners. Just Ok. I would recommend another style.
B00CAJZ8YM Way Too SMALL Shoes arrived on time just as expected, Amazon is always on point about delivery. The shoes was almost perfect until I try them on. They were way too small, not just by a little but by a lot. Clearly a full size too small, will consider buying a whole size larger if it is available.
B00CAJZDHY Love these shoes! If you have flat feet or issues with your arches falling this is the absolute perfect shoe. That have excellent arch support and that's a problem I've had since I was a kid. I wear a size ten and bought it a half size larger and it fits beautifully. More than that, I never have foot pain after exercising and I do powerwalking/jogging. That used to be a major problem for me. I highly recommend.
B00CAK0V3O Loved it! Loved the shoe, ordered the wrong size(checked my other pumas to see what size they were but they were to worn in to read it) but that was fixed quickly.  Great color and awesome fit. with the new ones!
B00CAK2FC4 Beautiful shoes Since I like them and 12 size was a bit small for my 5 years-old daughter, I ordered the 12.5 size right away.The free return from Amazon is wonderful and easy !
B00CAK38DY order down I wear the same size shoe in every Brand name shoe but this one and Nike. These Puma's fit 1/2 - 1 full size too large. Awesome shoe, so of course i re-ordered in a smaller size!
B00CAK5B0M light as a feather Awesome shoe. I ordered a size bigger cuz I have a tad bit wider feet, and other Puma's I've bought seemed to run snug.....could've ordered only a half size bigger, plenty of toe spread room. Feels light and natural. Thought they'd be a bit softer than they are, but still great. I'd order them again.
B00CAKAPCQ Great shoes for a great price! I've bought a few pair of Puma's for my girls and they all seem to run a little small, so just keep that in mind while buying I always do a half size to a full size up.
B00CAKB160 Item Description misleading! Went to order this item in black in a Women's Size 7 B(M) which was showing as available and after the order was placed and I got the confirmation #, the Item description changed saying that I ordered a MEN's Size 7 D(M).  I cancelled the order right away!  Very Disappointed!
B00CAKCKEM too small I'm sure the shoe would have been great but the size is just a bit too small ,, could be the extra insulation .. order slightly larger
B00CFF62QY Good T-shirt This is a great tee, but it is too small for size 2T.It'll be better if it was one size bigger.
B00CJA3BEG None My son really was looking forward to this t shirt. It's was the right size but for some reason I was a size to small.
B00CN5B73O Cute fot little girls. Very nice I ordered 5 size it run a bit small on my 4 year old girl though. So my piece of advise is get one size up.
B00CN5B8BA Too Small The Jacket is very small, the pants are ok, but de Jacket is very small for my daughter.Good Bye
B00CN5BWTI Way way to small The sizing on this runs way way to small! My daughter wears a 6 which is usually a little big on her, ordered the 6 and the pants are hight waters on her and the sleeves to short! Would never order this again.
B00CN5C0RQ Size 5 fits rather snug on my 3.5year-old girl I love this outfit; the color and the fleece-lined top. The fabric of the bottom however is too light. They do not look like they should be worn together. my daughter loves it too!It runs a little small I would say, but if your kid is normal size and slim, it should be OK
B00CN5CI9G Bigger size Love how it looks on her. Just sucks it won't fit very long.  Oh well i guess bigger size next time
B00CN5CI9G Beautiful, but doesn't correspond to the size Suit very beautiful and bright, but the size small (my daughter is 1,5 years old, I took the size 2T and it to her end-to-end). Very thin material, will be suitable only for summer walks.
B00D4KBMNW Smaller for the size The legs are smaller than a normal 4T size. So I am so sorry to not be very satisfy with this pants
B00D9OZYR8 Runs small. I think the rod icy quality is fine, but the size runs small. It's irritating because now I have to exchange it. Otherwise it's cute and stylish.
B00DDZRV4M This shoe is perfect, but the size is somewhat large in comparation with others brands. This shoe is perfect, but the size is somewhat large in comparation with others brands.So, if I tested before, I woul had choosed  8.0 size.
B00DFPC6Z4 fits my 11.5 feet perfect I first bought the smaller size 8-12 but they were too small. Gave them to my wife, size 8 and fit perfect. Extended fit just right, very soft, feel good.
B00DHJRKU4 So far, looks good - but order a 1/2 size larger What a great price on this type of golf shoe - plus with an Amazon discount offered at the time, a real steal.  Oh but when it arrived, it was too small (I normally wear a 10 1/2 but had to send back for an 11).  I will update this with more info after wearing them a bit more but wanted to let everyone know to order 1/2 size up.
B00DHJT5PC Really glad I made this purchase These shoes are great! I ordered a size 8.5 after going to the store to try on the size 9s--they run a bit big so be aware. I normally wear a size 9 in everything else.Shoes look great and the comfort is better than I expected. They come with both orange and black laces.
B00DNNOCQE Good Shoes If buying these I'd recommend getting half a size larger. I'm normally a 10.5 but getting the 11 was perfect.  They fit great.
B00DNNPFTC Get a half size larger I don't know why puma is doing this, but all of their shoes seem to be a half size small, and they apparently don't produce 12.5
B00DNNS6ZM They fit perfect! I always find pumas run a size smaller. I wear a size 10 to 10 1/2 shoe. I ordered these in a size 11. They fit perfect!
B00DNNSO4U runs super small Cute sneak- It is extremely lightweight. Runs very small. I ordered a full size up and it is still too small!
B00DNNSO4U too small This is a beautiful, light shoe. I had to returned because it was too small; I am a size 7 and that is the size I ordered. I really like it so I am re-ordering it half a size bigger in hopes it fit since they are not a shoe to wear socks with. Unfortunately, I don't know if they end up stretching a bit because they were so tight that it was impossible to keep them on. I'll update once I try the new size.
B00DNNSO4U Runs small These run really small. Am hoping a half size up does the trick. Very light weight. Don't yet know how they wear.
B00DNNXIXW Small fit Nice design, but not good fit. I bought in my regular size, but found it way too small. Gave it to my sister whose either a whole size(or 2 whole sizes depending on the brand) smaller foot size than I am. It fit her great. I have other Puma running shoes and they are pretty much sized the same. I would suggest trying on in a store before purchasing.
B00DNNXIXW Make sure you order one size biger!! One of the reviewer warned that these shoes come small so I ordered size 7 (I'm usually 6). They fit me perfectly. Very comfortable. I love them.
B00DNNZEP2 Boat feet I really like them: the colors, the style. They fit well , I enjoy running in them. My only concern is that my feet look huge in them. I am a size 8 which is not a small size but still.... Otherwise, they are worth the price and I wear them even if they give me boat looking feet.
B00DNNZPLK It's a small 11.. take one size bigger to fit A beautiful shoe but too small, so I exchanged it for a bigger one. It's cool, beautiful and comfortable. I did not buy it as a running shoe, so can't comment on that, but it does feel snug around the foot.
B00DNO0QRC Too snug I love the shoes & the speedy delivery. But I gave the product 4 stars only because i had to return them once for a bigger size & now I have to return them once again because they still fit pretty snug=( I had first ordered a 5.5 in boys size because ive gotten pumas very similar to these in that same size & they fit perfect. So i thought i'd do the same with these. I exchanged them for a size 6 but still fit tight. And now I will have to return them again for a 6.5..Hoping that should do it.
B00DNO1TXC Bit smaller Smaller than other similar Puma size 14
B00DOE8S9O Great fit. If you like low simple shoes, this is yours.. I wear size 12 and this looks so small on my feet which is a plus for me lol
B00DOECL2Y Runs small I bought these because I was going to travel soon , when I got them I was somewhat disappointed because I was looking for something that could be easy on easy off at the airport, first of all I wear size 11 in sneakers but I always buy 12 for extra comfort however these were very difficult to go on and off
B00DOEFG4Y wrong size they where suppose to be size 10 so lets try it again I WOULD LIKE TO SEND THEM BACK TO GET THE RIGHT SIZE I WILL NEED A SIZE 10 THE COLOR
B00DOEGVA2 nice shoe unfortunately not available in my size like the shoe, just too small and they don't offer a half size bigger. not sure if this is an older model and out of my size.
B00DOEOQRW He loved them- size runs small Shoes are beautiful, comfortable and worth the price tag. The person I got them for, was very very pleased. I had to exchange them for a different size, so do be aware, they run quite small I would say by a half size.
B00DOEOYEW Too small for the size It looks great but the sizes are made really small.I wear 11.5 i bought 12 but it really hurts my feet and there is no way i can move my fingers in there.I am going to return it for an exchange.
B00DOFY482 re ordered a size bigger and fits perfect and supper comfy size is a bit on small side but they are comfy!! re ordered a size bigger and fits perfect and supper comfy!
B00DOFY482 ORDER ONE SIZE UP I'm usually a 12D but I ordered 13.  I love these sandals and they fit great.
B00DOFY482 One Star Order a size up or two. Fit very small
B00DOFY482 Size 13 is a small size 13 Nice design but the size 13 is not the size 13 european (46) i know now puma should be size 13.5 or 14 usa size for men in the futureits a pity for the rest i feels nice
B00DOG1Q96 Odd fit I purchased this shoe a half size larger than I usually wear, based on other reviews.  Unfortunately, a half size was not enough.  I returned them for a full size larger and, even though snug, was able to be fairly comfortable.  However, within just a few hours of the initial wearing, I had a raw spot rubbed on my heel that still hurts a week later.  The left heel was uncomfortable, but the right heel actually rubbed raw, through athletic socks.  Something about how the top of the heel comes together with fabric, leather, and rubber was too high and not smooth.  Disappointing since it is a really good looking shoe.  I can't recommend that no one buys this shoe, it might fit someone else differently, but a fiasco for me.
B00DOG2KMS Nice but small I wear size 9 with all my flip-flops these run a little bit small I reordered a size 10 but they are gorgeous
B00DOG4R2Y Nice shoes but narrow. Higher size might do the trick. Shoes are nice but narrow. I hope they loosen up a bit with time. I would recommend only if you do not need to walk a lot at a stretch.Update (05/16/2014): Couldn't make it work and had to exchange. Ordered 10.5 size (previous size was 10) and it fits nicely. Very comfortable now. Would have given it a 5 star if not for this size adjustment.P.S: As always, amazon was amazing with the exchange process.
B00DOG4R2Y This style has unique sizing This shoe is a weird fit. Recommended that you buy them in store. Their strange shape makes them hard to get the right size. 13's were big 12's were small... Good luck with these shoes.
B00DOG55AW Go up half a size Great shoes, but not true to size. I went up half a size. Must say, it was worth the trouble of exchanging.
B00DOG55AW Great look fit is too small.  Order one size larger. I love the look of these Pumas.  Once you get the correct fit, it is light and comfortable.  I believe customers need to be told how tight the fit is.  i wear a size 12 and had to return it right away since it did not even go on my feet.  I re ordered size 13 and honestly it is almost still too small.  i kept the size 13 pair since i love the look so much.  Just make sure you get one size larger when you order them.
B00DOG55AW Look elsewhere...... if you want a pair of shoes that fit. I wear a 10.5 US(M) and ordered these knowing that they ran a little small.These are over a size and a half different than what is on the label.....unacceptable.Find a good brand that assures quality control and proper sizing.
B00DOG55AW Nice shoes Nice shoes, fast shipping, and great seller. Just make sure to pick the right size, because Puma shoes are a little bit tight. I bought it one size bigger and it fits perfectly.
B00DOJIBNW Light, Cool, Comfortable, Yet Small The shoes are great and light but they are a little too small for their size and my foot keep sliding off the sole onto the side of the shoes.
B00DOJIJMA Way too small. I normally wear a 13 wide.  I have been able to wear Puma Salsa indoor shoes in a size 14 and they are very comfortable.  I bought these in a size 14 and couldn't even put my foot all the way in.  Since these are not leather and basically plastic there is no chance of them stretching at all.
B00DOJIJMA Not the real size Not the size, the shoe is small and i think I'm going to send back i just need to know how is going to work
B00DOJMB6U This new Puma soccer shoes are awesome!!!! If you are men size 12 like me, you need to purchase one sizer bigger 13.  I knew it from before, so I order it correct.  These shoes are beautiful and confortable!
B00DOJMMSM too small! Definintly buy a size bigger. These fit on the small side. They are great shoes other wise. Good look good quality.
B00DOJQ0D0 Comfortable, but runs small If you're normally 8.5, choose 9 or 9.5 because they are small! They're just beautiful and nicely made
B00DOL32BQ Nice shoe. Sizing Chart Wrong I really like the shoes I ordered, but their sizing chart is wrong. These shoes were too small and I will have to send them back in exchange for at least a half size larger, if not a full size larger.
B00DOL32BQ Order 1/2 size up I ordered a size 10 and they were too small. Exchanged for a 10.5 and good fit !!
B00DQYYVAM Nice shoes but I recommend ordering them 1/2 larger than ... Nice shoes but I recommend ordering them 1/2 larger than your regular shoe size, they run a little small.  Exchanged for the 1/2 size bigger and fits perfect. Very cool  shoe
B00DQYYVAM Love them but they run a little big. These shoes are made really well.  They look great and are really comfortable.  The only complaint I have is that they run a little big.  I usually wear an 11 but I probably should have gotten a 10.5.  Not the end of the world and not a big enough problem that I'd return them.
B00DS3QSO8 Somewhat Small Order at least a size larger, than your normal shoe size.  I like the looks but they are hard to clean when you step in mud.
B00DS5M40I Not true to size - runs small. This shirt was not true to size and after wearing it once my child said it was too small and never wore it again.
B00DS5M6FQ runs really small Had to return my daughter couldn't wear it.  I ordered XL and a lot of her shirts are large and she still fits in them just fine.
B00DS5M8FO Nice material but size is not suitable for a size 16 The size was too small should read as 7 to 12 for a more proper fit that is not snugged.
B00DTUKXP0 Fits small, great quality As others have said, this shoe fits small. My daughter is a size youth 2 in street shoes, and I ordered her a 3 in this shoe, knowing it probably runs small. The size 3 fits just like a street sized 2 does on her feet. It's a great looking shoe, high quality, and comfortable.
B00DTUVWA0 Too small I bought these for my son. He usually wears a 4.5 big kid shoes. i bought these size 5 and they are really tight. I should have gone a size up. They are really nice looking though and look comfy if in the right size. I returned them and bought size 6.
B00DTUVWA0 Fit small Not true to size. The shoe fit too small. I had to return the item because they didn't have the next size up that I needed. The shoe looked nice though.
B00DTVD8OM Small It is a little bit small size. But I like it.Beautiful shoes for kids.ComfortableHigh Quality . .
B00DTVD8OM Way too small A good boot to be sure, but do yourself a favor and buy up in size.  My daughter has Nike Bomba 3.5, and the 4's in this shoe were actually a little smaller...
B00DTW6UVY Slightly small You may want to order a half size bigger.  They almost fit 1/4 size too small.  Great price so we kept his actual size.  Other than that, great shoe!
B00DU0L7PE Size runs smaller and tighter Really cute and my daughter loved the blinking lights however size ran too narrow. I've been buying pedipeds and saucony shoes and their sizing is what I was accustomed to so when I tried pumas, they were too tight. I guess the natural thing to do would be to buy a size bigger however then it would be too long.
B00DU0P368 Picky daughter loves these She literally climbs into bed with these, claiming that they are so comfortable that she forgot that she had them on. I had listened to the reviews claiming how small these ran, but it turns out that they are perfectly true to size (we had to return the ones a half size up).
B00DU0PTO4 Cute but runs VERY small I would say that the fit of these is 1 full size small compared to other Puma sneakers I bought in the same size.This shoe did come with the kinderfit insole which is neat. It slide out of the shoe so that you can see how a child's foot is fitting without having to take their word for it.
B00DU45V0W Runs on the small side It was a little small for my 3 yr old and too small for my 5 yr old. However, it looks very stylish.
B00DUGLG1I runs very small Very, very cute, but I ended up having to return them and ordering a size and half up for my son.  They run extremely small.
B00DUH976I Puma kicks Awsome shoes. They are a bit on the narrower side.  They run a bit smaller than converse shoes maybe a half size. Otherwise my son likes the fact they have no laces so they don't come untied when he plays.
B00DUJ90UO too smalll too small for my 2 years and 8 month childe, normally he weras 7 but this 8 is even smaller than some others size 7 :())
B00DUJEF2C Size Does Matter I ordered the PUMA Classic in size 5.5 for my daughter who normally wears a size 5. When buying shoes for kids, I normally order a 1/2 size larger to allow for variances and growth. Unfortunately, the 5.5 was too small on my daughter. I checked to ensure she still fits a size 5 and two other pairs of shoes I recently bought at Payless still fit her correctly. We had to return these.
B00DUL8DJ6 Very nice. True to size,which is very rare for puma. But the same style without rhinestones, is 2 sizes too small. Go figure......
B00DULV8Y8 Happy kid happy parent Wore a size 11 last school year & those where just starting to be too small, so I knew he needed the next size up. After reading other reviews I decided on one whole size larger & they will be perfect for this school year.  My son was super excited about the colours & wasn't disappointed when he saw them-- they looked just like the picture & fit great! I'm always hesitate to order shoes online, but this worked out great! Not too narrow (& my son doesn't have the slimmest foot &#128521;) & for the size I personally recommend a half size larger, but if there is a problem Amazon had free return shipping on these shoes so I had no problem ordering & would do it again.  Great experience & saved me a ton of time & tears (we're not fond of  going store to store)!
B00DULV8Y8 Cute but RUNS SMALL This are cute shoes but run small and narrow.  My daughter is 4 years old and wears a size 7 or 8 toddler shoe size. She has very tiny feet, but these shoes run very narrow and small.  We sized up, but still had to send them back.
B00DULXWII You need to buy this shoes for ur son he will love them! I loveee them, my son loves them, they fit perfectly. He is 3yrs and wear size 7 i got him 8 because i read in the other reviews that were running small.. It fits like if were 7 1/2 so careful with the size! They very comfortable and good quality material.. I'm very happy with the purchase and i already ordered another pair :)
B00DULXWII Problem whit size The problem is that we bought this product in size 4 M US Toddler,  that is similar to size EUR 35,5 22cm, and what arrived was a size 4 M US Little Kids of 12 cm.We can send you a picture of the item if you need one.We are very disappointed,  and being in Uruguay is impossible for us to return the product.How can we fix this mistake?
B00DULXWII One size too small and narrow My 4 year old son is currently wearing a size 12 in sneakers. I purchased this Puma in a size 13. There is no extra room for my son's toes. The size 13 Puma compared to his current size 12 sneaker from Target are the same.  The quality of the sneaker appears to be good but buyer beware to purchase this item 2 sizes up if you are really looking to only purchase 1 size bigger for your child.
B00DULYICC VERY nice shoes !!!! They are perfect weight do not have the only problem is that they are very small the size my son is 12 probably  he need 13
B00DY6160A Love the Hot Pink! They are a little larger than a normal size 10, they slide off my heels a little. They are very comfy!
B00DY6160A opinion It is a lovely shoes , beautiful colour, very lightweight and well made but too small. I need size 8. Sorry.
B00DY6160A I normally wear 8. 5 in pumas but these ... I normally wear 8.5 in pumas but these are true to size, so I will be sending these back and ordering a 7.5
B00DY6160A PUMA Women's Asha Alt 2 Sneaker I originally purchased these shoes in size 8.5 and thought they might be too big so I ordered the 8.  I found that the size 8 were too small.  I kept the size 8.5 and that size is working well for me.  They are a very comfortable shoe and stylish.
B00DY74P70 run a bit on the small side I normally wear a size 6 comfortably...these are a bit tight, short...run small. Wore them so unable to return..unfortunately I will have to give them away.
B00DY789HM runs small Love these tennies but had to go .5 size up.  Now that I have the correct size I can't help but wish I could wear these everyday!
B00DY789HM Loving my wedges I read several reviews and decided to get a size larger than I normally wear and I'm very happy.  The sneakers fits very comfortable.  I'm going to change the lace to black.
B00E6O333W International ordering Very small sizing for ordering international, great quality clothing supplied, will order size larger next time. Shipping time a bit slow
B00E6O38WS Quality great but too small....... Quality great, trousers ok fit, but the jacket is too small, cannot wear.......recommend to order at least 2-3 size up
B00EAH1B8E Run small, worth it in bigger size! Buy a couple sizes up. They run small, but they are so cool!
B00EDOMUYI These run small. Tight fit. Not sure a size up would work either. I do not recommend.
B00EDOMUYI Size Glad I ordered a little larger size.
B00EDOMUYI Great shoes I ordered mine a half size larger than normal (at the advice of several reviewers) and they fit well. Light weight and comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI Too tiny This product is more narrow at the toes and doesn't fit as well as previous Voltaic designs. I'm a size 13 so don't have choice to go up a half size cause they don't make a 13.5
B00EDOMUYI Right Size But Not Right The size 9 medium seemed to fit Ok but it started to slip off the back of my feet. If I made it tighter, it was too tight for comfort and different lacings didn't help either. I tried many things to keep the shoe but in the end I had to return it.
B00EDOMUYI great shoes. a little small I really like the shoes. And ive gotten a lot of compliments on them. But I do think they run a little small. Maybe should 've gottona 1/2 size bigger.
B00EDOMUYI Did not receive them yet hope all is good loved the sneakers size 9.5 was to small I returned them for a size 10. Did not receive them yet hope all is good loved the sneakers .
B00EDOMUYI Other than that they look really cool, and are a nice shoe I got them in a half size bigger than I would have because of a few posts saying &#34;they run a half size smaller than your foot size, but I shouldn't have listened. Other than that they look really cool, and are a nice shoe. They are a little tight width wise also.
B00EDOMUYI True Story: These Puma shoes are 1/2 size smaller than stated. Like many of the other reviews, these shoes run 1/2 size smaller than the stated size indicates.The styling and colors are great: my 28 year old son wanted them - thought they were some of the best looking shoes he had seen.Too bad they were undersized. I have worn size 9.5 for 20+ years, and my toes both hit the end of these shoes.If you are really going to use for running, (they are heavier than many other running shoes), upsize by 1 full size: 1/2 to make up for Puma's small size, and 1/2 for the room to be able to run it.
B00EDOMUYI Sent wrong size Got the order very quick, actually a day ahead of what was originally projected. However, I ordered a 10.5 and the box said they were a 10.5 , but the shoes were 9.5s so thankfully this pair of pumas fit different because my previous experiences with pumas  is that they seem to run tighter than other brands.
B00EDOMUYI Like the style I like the style but fits rather tight.  I would go a half size larger than your normal size. I will purchase this product again but will follow my own advice.
B00EDOMUYI nice and comfortable When I viewed the shoe online it looked nice but when I opened the box it looked even better. I normally wear a size 12 but I wanted them so bad that I got a size 13 but the 12 were all out. Best decision I made because these shoes run small I love these shoes they look and feel great and also very comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI I love the shoes I love the shoes, but you have to know that Puma's tend to run on the smaller size. I reccomend ordering at least a half size bigger. I did and wasn't dissapointed.
B00EDOMUYI My review The shoe is awesome and comfortable. I ordered a half size big because of other reviews on here. It was to big though. I normally wear an 11 in Nikes and I ordered an 11.5 in this shoe because of previous statements made by customers. I gave the bigger ones away and ordered an 11 for myself.
B00EDOMUYI Too small Too small
B00EDOMUYI Played Tennis and it is very comfortable and light weight I read some review and i order and next size based on other reviews. I would recommend to go for next size especially if you need Wide size.
B00EDOMUYI I'm usually a 9. 5 on other Puma's but ... I'm usually a 9.5 on other Puma's but this style needed half size larger. Unfortunately Amazon sold out by the time I needed the exchange.
B00EDOR4L2 price great, fit...Puma always runs half size small...looks, cool...comfort, very much so. thanks Puma and Amazon...now, if I could EVER get the suede black ones with the white stripe in an 8....EVER....please order more!!!!!!!!!!!
B00EDOR4L2 Too small I really liked the color and feel of the shoe but they were just too small.  Very disappointed.
B00EDOR4L2 Too Small excellent brand and shoe but too small relative to standard sizing.
B00EDOR4L2 Order a half size larger and you will love these sneakers! Love these shoes so much I bought a pair in another color!  Runs small so be sure to order a half size larger.
B00EDOR4L2 Nice Shoes but Wrong Size. They posted these women's shoes as Men Size, so I did the conversion. It turns out that even though it said it was Men's size, it actually was Womens size so the conversion made them too small. Look nice though.
B00EDOR4L2 Small but what I wanted These shoes run really small. However since I'm like a 9 3/4 (I purchased a 10) it worked out perfect. Love the style, comfort and colors. Puma is one of my favs (but expect a breaking in period on them).
B00EDOR4L2 Run small Shoes are okay, just seem to run small. I can usually order size 7 and know they will fit but I would need at least a 7 1/2 in these. I'll be returning these.
B00EDOR4L2 Shoe sizes run a little small Great product, comfortable and attractive but you may want to order a half size larger than you normally do.  I shipped the first pair back and got a replacement pair 3 days later.  So convenient.
B00EDOR4L2 Too small to know The shoes arrived on time and were really cute.  Unfortunately, though, they were too small.  I would have exchanged them for a half size larger, but that was not an option.
B00EDOR4L2 Ended up being too small The shoes ended up being too small, but they were in excellent shape.  These are amazing shoes.  Sometimes it's just hard to find the right size.
B00EDOR4L2 My wife was happy to receive them even though a half size smaller ... My wife was happy to receive them even though a half size smaller would've been perfect. They're her favorite color so that makes it even better
B00EDOR4L2 Love My Pumas! Amazon had these on sale for 50% off on the Deal of The Day the other day. I was in the market for a new pair and took advantage of the sale. Pumas tend to run a half size small. I ordered on a Monday and received them Tuesday. They fit perfectly and feel so good on my archless feet. Color was true and have received lots of compliments on them. Can't go wrong with Puma on comfort and style.
B00EDOR4L2 Good looking but run small I bought the shoes because they were stylish looking at a good price. I use them to exercise so I bought them a size larger since my feet swell during exercise. The shoes are comfortable but I don't have as much extra room as I would like. I usually take them off as soon as I'm done exercising so my feet can breathe. I would have bought a larger size but 11 was the largest size offered.
B00EDOR4L2 Too small and too wide These are really nice looking but for me they were too tight and very wide.If you are between sizes I'd order up.I think it's how PUMAs run.Nikes fit better on me. I'm always the same size so I was surprised.
B00EDOR4L2 too small They are very narrow. I ordered a half a size big just in case and they are still very uncomfortable. Plus, they don't look as good in person as they do in the picture. A lot more solver than I expected. I will be returning them.
B00EPEMFDC Run's small This jacket have great quality, is well made and super cool but is small! My son is an average size and sadly this runs small!
B00EQ2EKYK Not so happy It was to small that I forced it n it riped:(I was disappointed :( cus I had got another for my 1 in half year old n it was too small to;(
B00ETHZV2M If you are between a 10 and 11 usually get a 10.5 perhaps? Hi. So, my shoe size is usually a 10 or 11 depending on fit, and style. I've come to realize that if a brand has a 10.5 to buy it. This case I didn't and the 11 was to big. Big enough there was some gaping when laced up. It looked strange. What kept me from buying the smaller size was the fact that I feel the gapping at the top might not have gone away if I sized down. I like the style, and pumas are always comfy to me. Anywho, Good Luck!
B00ETI12AG I Like these shoes I like the shoes but the size did not fit perfectly. Looks like I will have to go with a half size larger for a better fit. It kind of on the tight side. But I love the style of the shoes.
B00EUS6MAA Size runs large The size runs big but very nice my son is large for his age so I was suprised.  Perfect for cooler weather
B00EX92PUM Fits really small I wasn't happy It was to small for me and I ordered an xl that has never not fit me before but this sweater runs small
B00EX92PUM Ok.... Got this for my mom... She's pretty small but after seeing some of the previous reviews I wanted to get it a size bigger just in case but I still think it was a little snug!
B00EX92PUM I really like it! I'm a huge Puma fan and I know their sizes run small.  I ordered a size up and wear this hoodie a lot. Very comfy and warm.
B00EX92PUM High-quality, super comfy sweatshirt - definitely size up! I purchased this sweatshirt in both a small and a medium and ended up keeping the medium. True to my experience with the Puma brand, this is a high-quality, well-made sweatshirt that has quickly become my favorite sweatshirt. It definitely runs small though so be sure to size up. For reference, I have a small frame and typically wear an XS or S in most clothing (5'3&#34;, 115lbs) and the small was just too snug. The medium is slightly bigger than I would normally go for but a sweatshirt should have a little extra room anyway.Highly recommend!
B00F4O0DHW Over Priced This pant is a good quality. I am a curvy size 12, but I found it too small in a size large. Even though I liked the quality it seemed very expensive at $75. I returned it.
B00F9XKEPE Good Puma Sporting Hoody. Fit as expected. This is a nice Baseball Hoodies for sporting. it is not too big, not too small. Like a slim fit size.Though I can wear the Medium size without any issue, I like slim fit rather than regular loose fit.
B00FEM4CQC Best he's owned in a long time. My son bought these Pumas as an all purpose sneaker. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. He says they are the best sneakers he has owned in a long time. While his normal shoe size is 12, on the advise of other reviewers, he purchased 13, which fit perfectly.  For this sneaker, his rule of thumb:  If your normal shoe size is up to 11, get a half size larger; if 12 or more, get a full size larger.
B00FEM4CQC 5 but reading the reviews i learned it is better to order one full size up usually my size is 10.5 but reading the reviews i learned it is better to order one full size up, thus 11.5 fits as expected. the shoe design is narrow so people with normal foot or wider better order one size up.
B00FEM4CQC Great shoes, but order one size up!! I usually wear a size 10D in every style of shoe that I own.  However, after reading the reviews on this shoe I made the decision to order it in size 11D.  Happy to say that it was a good decision as they fit perfectly.  So satisfied that I've ordered the same shoe in white.
B00FEM4CQC Great shoes and style These shoes look amazing I got the last pair in my size. Order 1/2 or a full size up from your normal size they run narrow.
B00FEM73OK Orders larger size than you normally wear The shoe is attractive .  After reading previous reviews, I ordered a half-size larger  than I usually wear.  I should have ordered a full-size larger.  I would have returned them, but our German Shepherd had torn the box apart when I was trying the shoes on.
B00FFM3Q6S Justin Hewitt Westby Evopower Response The evopower cleats were very small / uncomfortable. I wear a size 111 / 2 Shoe AND I Purchased a size 12 just to be safe .I watched a YouTube review and was recommended to buy a size bigger. So I bought the shoes with confidence. I wore them 2 times at two different games to see if they would stretch out some just knowing that most shoes you could break in between wear.  I was forced to take them off in the second half of my second game and was very unhappy.. I reason I decided to put them on and play in them initially is because I felt like I could honestly work with the shoe being that I never I had cleats with all the material up top for ball touch. If I could get a refund or a an exchange of size I would appreciate it. Thank you
B00FFPOCYU Great boots that run small Love the shoe but they run a little bit small and because they are synthetic there is no stretch. Order a half size larger than usual
B00FJEONXW Real size My husband likes them and used them right away! He uses Size 10 and it fitted well! So true size!
B00FJEONXW Very satisfied Got them really fast in a few days very satisfied with the shoe good color scheme although size is an issue I am originally 10 in a half but had to get 11 and they feel a little tight
B00FJEONXW Very cool shoes and something different!!! Very smooth shoes,classic,lightweight,but be careful with the size,i tried a 10 US size and a 10.5 with the same style but diferent model Puma at Macys and 10 size too tie,so get the 10.5 size,and if you have a thick foot they gonna be uncomfortable for you on the sides,but for me they were as expected,always read the reviews before buying something in amazon,im gonna enjoy them anyway,very happy and the price good too $89.99 instead of $120 in the puma website
B00FJEQ2JU Shoes were too small for my husband. I would have returned.  These were lightweight, attractive looking shoes, nice color; however much too small.  Friend admired them...gave to him.  He is very pleases with shoes... he said he is usually size 9.
B00FLWLVKA Great Sneaks I really liked these sneakers.  Great color and they look fabulous.  I get compliments everywhere from everyone.  I am a size 9 but whenever I buy puma sneakers I always am a 10.  These were a little bit bigger than a 10 in puma normally fits me.  But then again I have another pair of pumas that are a size 10 and just fit and I can't even wear socks with them.  So go figure.  Glad amazon had free returns on this though. Just in case.  But overall love these.  They are great for the gym and very comfortable for long walks. Didn't bother my feet one bit.
B00FM8IM14 Beautiful but somewhat small The shoes is somewhat small. The size no correct. I need shoes size two. Puma is very good shoes. Thank you.
B00FMM4B1U Soccer sneakers Very effective for my runnning on the pitch though the size is a bit a small. I would have preferred SIZE US 11 which was not available at that time. I like the sneaker.
B00FRG5XEK ok It looks ok, there are some thread at the top, I choose the 8-10 size, color and size are appropriate.
B00FRIJ1NC Runs small! Loved it...really cute, but it runs very small! If you get it, order up a size. I hated to have to send it back!
B00FSS9FJQ great quality/size runs large I ordered Medium because my son wears a size 10 and these were long - past his knees.We will keep these for next summer.  Lightweight fabric.  Adjustable waistband.  Great quality.
B00FSY01HA Very bad shirt very small I did not know this will ... Very bad shirt very small I did not know this will be very small other wise I could order large
B00FW3VHLG EXCELLENT PRODUCT MY SON LOVED IT.EVEN THOUGH IT IS A BIT BIG FOR A 9 YEARS OLD BOY, I ORDERED M SIZE.I WOULD SUGGEST GOING TO A SHOP AN TRY IT BEFORE YOU ORDER IT.
B00FW6AWYQ I wish they made boys clothing in a size 9 I have a little bigger then average 8 year old.small is to small, and Med is to big.  In a few months it will be ok.
B00FWVGP0Q Great quality but much larger than expected Great quality green Brasil soccer short by Puma. I ordered a boys size small for our 9 year old and they are huge on him, big waisted and long. No extra small to return for so will keep these for him to grow into. They almost look like they could be a man's size small but indeed the inner label says "Boys, small". Otherwise fantastic quality, great colors, and our son is really happy with them, he will roll the waist down to get them to fit now.
B00G4CZDDM Order 1/2 Larger Than Normal These shoes are great.  I love the way they fit.  You just need to make sure that you order shoes 1/2 size larger than normal because they run a little small.  The shoes look even better than the picture.
B00GOMDK9Q Run small They run small but fit. I'm a 9/9.5Otherwise they are fine. Next time I would go up a size.
B00GS9PX4U Not too good Kinda of a small size 10 ! Thought they would fit like other size 10 shoes. Tight at toes. Not comfortable
B00GV3GRJI Really weird size I have an old pair of pumas, about six years old with worn out soles. Different style, but very similar design, so I figured the same size should work. It came in the mail, and it looked too big, so I did a comparison test. The soles are the same exact size as my old pair. I tried them on and had an extra two inches in the front which makes walking weird. Upon further inspection, even though the soles are the same size, the entire build is larger with less cushion inside. It's effectively a size and a half larger than my old pair. The difference is dramatic. Not at all what I was expecting from puma.
B00GV3GRJI Order at least half a size above what you would consider a perfect fit (without too much headroom) and go 0 I am a size 8.0. The first time I purchased an 8.5 (white)  and it was a little too big so I went a size down to 8.0(black) second time around and it was too small. Their sizing seems inconsistent. A lot of reviews before me complains how you should always order a size above what you normally wear and I have to agree with them. Order at least half a size above what you would consider a perfect fit (without too much headroom) and go 0.5 size above. Next time I will stick with the 8.5
B00HCMTOJW great deal great deal. on every other site they are running for 130. wish i would have bought a half a size smaller though because they run a bit big.
B00HSE50T2 Too Big I always order size small, which is what fits me the best. This came pretty large, closer to a Medium size, I would buy a size below your size, unfortunately I can't do that because there is nothing below Small for this particular item. Everything I said also applies to the respective pants.
B00HSE54KW Too Big I always order size small, which is what fits me the best. This came pretty large, closer to a Medium size, I would buy a size below your size, unfortunately I can't do that because there is nothing below Small for this particular item. Everything I said also applies to the respective jacket.
B00HSH9C4I Bad They are NOT true to size. They ones that said they'd fit 7 and higher don't fit me and I'm a 7.5.Maybe they sent me the wrong size. What the hell.
B00HSH9C4I Way Too Small! The socks are adorable...exactly what i wanted except too small for my daughters feet. I thought i was buying girls (9 yr old) with a size 4 shoe. But these were too tight and small.
B00HSH9C4I too small The size says it will fit an 8.5 but they didn't. The material wasn't very stretchy and they were too small. I wear from an 8-8.5 and these socks could hardly go up my heel. I don't even have wide or fat feet, so it was very disappointing.
B00HTAKRI4 A very attractive shoe, but can't determine the comfortability ... A very attractive shoe, but can't determine the comfortability because the size doesn't fit. Usually I wear size 11 but these are a little tight. My wife had the same problem with the women's version. We are returning the product in hope of acquiring the next half size larger.
B00I9GTJMM Puma got it right! Great shoe. I usually order a size bigger but got a 13 and they fit really well. Played 2 rounds in them and the grip is just as good as if they had spikes. Best thing is I wore them after a round because they're so comfortable.
B00I9V1IGC Unclear sizing Went over the sizing again and again and bought these for my 11 y.o. Size 7 mens.  These are for a 4 y.o.!  They are too small on my 8 y.o. With size 3!
B00I9V1IGC A bit to small I usually read reviews but somehow jumped the gun and ordered without reading! These socks do run very small! I got a bigger than my 13yr old sons feet and the barely fit but if I would hv gotten tbe largest size the would hv fit perfect!  But I would still recommend just get the right size!
B00I9V1IGC Order 1 size bigger than you thought Then everything would probably work out.Product wise, these socks are great. Very nice looking and very comfortable. Again, try to order one size bigger than you thought, then you'd be happy.
B00I9V1O4S Figured it out My son wears a size 3 in big kid size (9 yrs old).  The 7-8.5 sock size is the perfect fit.  Amazon sent me the sock to shoe size table.
B00IAE2F4M What size is listed shoe? Doesn't say anywhere. What size is listed shoe? It doesn't say it anywhere. How am I to know what size the does are?
B00IDFTLY0 is too small The product is goodIt's is pretty but the size is such 6 months, not 9 months+I don't found size bigger
B00IO6YCWY Order one size bigger than normal I always wear medium underwear but these where more like smalls .
B00IY2KHL8 Too small! Wayyyyy too small. Great for my toddler if he suddenly decided to run :( not even worth returning. Bummed out.
B00JVUR0LM Very good quality This polo shirt is great, color, size. I bought the XL and usually they come too large or too small, this one was just the right size. Definitely would buy again.
B00JVUR328 Posting because of 2 other reviews... This shirt is as advertised.  I knew it would fit a bit small so I ordered a size too big.  It's a nice material.  A mix between t shirt and jersey.  Very happy with purchase (even thought a bit expensive).  GO USA!
B00JWYXRHI Gorgeous shoe I love this shoe and have received multiple compliments the first day I wore them! They are so comfortable and stylish. The color is beautiful. Pumas run small so you should order them a half size larger.
