B000FPLEOG Feels Great!!!!!!!! This sneaker is great to walk in and it slip right on to my feet.  To me, El rey are great because they are a simple.  Just slip on and go.  That's it.
B000FPLEOG Great shoe! I'm not a very athletic person and just wanted an easy sneaker I could slip on and off with no laces involved. This shoe fit the bill perfectly and I have been extremely satisfied with them. I've gotten many compliments from men and women alike on my shoes.They look pretty unusual at first, but they're a stylish, comfortable and casual pair of shoes that you can't go wrong with.
B000H6EIH8 bad Not what I thought....It was like a track shoe...A flat....Thought it was more like a sneaker.....
B000K7EIME great sneaker I havre been using this  Puma for years. I work out 5 days a week and it needs to fit... also velcro is great.. no lace to untie during  yoga. Pleas e  let me know if you have  this mostro model  sixe 8.5 in white with black straps  thank you Marion
B000K7EIME My favorite Puma sneaker I've been wearing this puma style for years. It's a beautiful sneaker and very durable. I personally had to order a half size up because Puma always tends to run a bit small for me. This particular women's style has been discontinued by Puma and replaced by a bulky unisex version. Needless to say, I was thrilled to find the original on amazon!
B000K7EIME Perfecto Besides my infinity for pumas, I LOVE this sneaker. It is the perfect everyday casual sneaker, is stylish and extremely comfortable...
B000K7EIME Puma Sneaker Bought these for a woman as replacement for her previous pair. She likes them a lot. Not much else I can say.
B000K7EIME Puma Women's Mostro Perf EXT Fashion Sneaker This is my second pair.  They are soft, never wear blisters, last forever, comfortable, and I wear them for walking, running, and for simply for casual wear.
B000R4XHRC Love the sneaker!!! Love the Puma GV Special. Very comfortable. Every company shoe size is cut differently, with Puma they are half size different from my actually foot size. The sneaker is very slightly big but it work for me.
B000R4XHRC The every day classic sneaker/ walker I picked a mens size for my wife for which she wears a 9 in a woman size , but the shoe is very comfortable and it gives you that puma classic look so if you work a job with a lot of walking or just looking for a every day (sneaker) ,this is your shoe to get up get out and do something in
B000R4XHRC It's a comfortable sneaker but not good craftsman ship on my pair and I really like pumas This sneaker was not put together well at all.. I've had my pair for about two weeks and already it looks like parts around the sole where it was glued together it looks like it will come apart at any time.,, although they were delivered promptly by e footwear so I didn't bother to return them because I appreciated the fast service.
B000R4XHRC Always Rockin Pumas Timeless classic sneaker. Just might order another pair, just to have on deck. I love this puma sneaker.Great sneaker for the price and great color.
B000R4XHRC puma the sneaker it self is a good product just the width is very small needed to be  broken in. they run small
B000R4XHRC Puma GV Sneaker I was very pleased with my shoes. They are stylist and cool. They fit good I look forward to wearing them.\
B000R4XHRC from kamicka byrd i did not asked for a size 3 inmy sneaker i asked for a size 7 so im send them back and need a size 7 please how long do it take to get it back when i send it back o need my sneaker to be back by saturday
B000R4XHRC Nice pair of retro sneaker Even though my usual size is 10, I went with 10.5 as other previous reviewers had advised. It turned out to be the correct decision.Look and feel wise, the sneaker appears to be the same as the original.Construction and material wise, it does seem to be a bit subpar (leather is very thin to the touch.)Durability wise, haven't worn it enough time to assess how they will hold up.Overall, I would rank it as 'good.'
B000R4XHRC Perfect Perfect white sneaker...Fits well...goes with everything... Comfortable...will order another pair for me and my daughter...the price is just right too...
B000R4XHRC My Expectation I had a puma before and I really liked it. On that the basis of my previous experience I purchase this sneaker, it fits, but not like the first one. So I guess it ok but not like the first one.
B000R4XHRC Sneaker heads, must have. Shoe is well made. Fit perfectly and I love the color combinations.  Would definitely recommend . Puma is one of my favorite sneakers.
B000R4XHRC PUMA FOREVER! Besides Adidas originals these are the only brand of sneaker i will ever wear! and I have been wearing GV since the 80's!!GV is a timeless classic and i love it!!
B000R4XHRC Classic This a can't go wrong sneaker. I have plantar fasciitis so I insert liquid orthodox insoles and I'm good all day on my feet. It's and all around footwear, work or play. And, it's always in style... In a word, Classic!
B000R4XHRC PUMA Men's GV Special Sneaker,White/ New Navy,10.5 D US PUMA Men's GV Special Sneakers White / Navy are somewhat tight. I could not wear Puma's sport socks together with sneakers.
B000REX1DW What an awesome Cat I've had these shoes for almost 2 years now and they're still just as comfortable as the day I bought them.  I do try and stick to wearing them as a pure driving shoe though since they don't provide that much all-day walking comfort as a thicker souled sneaker.
B000REX1DW Perfect 4 the Price The Puma Speed Cat SD sneaker is by far one of the best sneakers I've worn in a while. There are only a handful of such sneakers that fit this persona of such quality. I have always wanted a pair of these since they first came out several years ago, however, I've just been leary because my foot is narrow and small. The moment I tried them on, instant comfort. There have been few sneakers that I've been able to say that about, 'instant comfort'.I have received many compliments about this sneaker. I think it's probably because of the sleekness of the design, as it is not only sleek, but sexy even. Other reviewers have stated that wearing it for prolong times guarantees soreness on the sole of the foot. I have found this to be slightly true. The toebox is a little tight against the smallest toe on either foot, but I believe the more it's worn and the shoe will become looser, this problem will diminish. If you have this problem, switch to another pair of shoes for a few days. Actually, this is recommended anyhow from medical doctors to balance the form of walking and alignment of the spinal cord.I wouldn't know what to say about this sneaker for people who have narrow feet. I would say to try it. I didn't have to order a half-of-size larger or a whole size larger. I order a size 9, (my actual foot size), and I was perfectly fine with the sneaker fitting. I also wouldn't recommend going a half size smaller, then the sneaker will fit too snugly. If you have a wider foot, I probably wouldn't buy these Pumas as they would most likely damage the ankle, and possibly even cause swelling.All-in-all, a great sneaker. I tried to purchased the leather Pumas, but they were sold out. These are the next best ones, and better yet, the suede/leather cleans just as easily. I wouldn't recommend these sneakers if you're going out in the snow or rain, mud/anything soft like clay, etc. I never wear sneakers of quality like this out. Recommendation, bring your hiking boots. As far as terrain goes, just don't go climbing rock walls with these on. traction is surprisingly well-made, not too bad for standing on uneven terrain. I wouldn't say to do this for long periods of time. (These sneakers are great for guys with smaller feet), the excellent ability to move are outstanding. Originally designed for motocross, I suppose that's why.OUTSTANDING FOR THE PRICE.Other great sneakers for people who have small, narrow/er feet; (Reebok Freestyle Hi, Reebok Ex-O Fit Lo, and of course, Puma Speed Cat SD).***** stars
B000REX1DW slipper sneaker I bought these sneakers for my husband who is very particular about his footwear.  He loved the style and found them to be as comfortable as slippers.  He wore them constantly and is now ready for a new pair.  I would recommend these sneakers to anyone seeking a sleek style that does not shout out for attention.
B000VRGOCA Excellent boot with sneaker comfort. Very happy with this purchase. The only down-side is lack of arch support, orthotics fix that. Wish PUMA would bring them back in more colors.
B000VRGOCA PUMA boots Those were for my sister: she is 21 and lives in a big city. She looooves them! She says that they are fancy with the comfort of a sneaker.
B0012QD4ZE Just what I was looking for I have been looking for a light-weight sneaker that would pack compactly for some time.  The Usan exceeds my expectations.  Not only is it compact and light but it is comfortable to wear and to walk in.
B00169MRR8 PUMA Women Sneaker Sneakers arrived in good condition promptly.  Sneakers are very comfortable.  I wear them daily as a nurse on her feet all day long.  Will buy another pair when these ones wear out.  Pat M.
B001B4WUVQ comfy sneakers I have to say this sneaker is very well made and is very comfortable.  I use it for working out, running errands etc.  It's very light weight and not a heavy sneaker.
B001B52UFG Men PUMA sneaker These were a gift brand new receiver absolutely loved this shoe does run narrow so for men I would reccomend one size up a little pricey but again a great product prompt delivery as well
B001B52YSO Great sneaker, classy look with The Leather!!! I wear this sneaker almost everyday, it looks so good with everything i wear. The best thing about it is the price! id definitely recommend to someone who needs a classy sneaker but don't want to pay 0ver $70 for it.
B001B57ZN8 I love these shoes! I was not so sure when these shoes arrived, I did not even remember why I had ordered shoes that were partially green (they are silver, with bud green trim) but then I put them on and fell in love. the green looks fine, the metallic silver is gorgeous and they fit perfectly, with comfort right out of the box (rare for me). I am so happy with these wonderful shoes that I am scouring the web for another color combination to buy. Incidently, they may run a little big, the size 8 fits me fine and I am often a 8.5. Another thing, ignore the word "sneaker" in the name, they are ballarina flats & look nothing like sneakers, they just have great sneaker comfort and tread.
B001CHCT4U Women's PUMA Wheelspin Sneaker my 12 year old had to have! These very cool shoes were the first namebrand (very exspensive)item my 12 year old, 7th grade daughter had ever asked for. They were $80.00 in the mall stores and I actually almost charged them for her because she wanted them so much. Luckily, I checked Amazon first and found them for $48.00. My daughter thought this was very cool and bragged to all her friends what a great deal her mom found. They are first quality and the exact same shoes that were $80.00 at the mall. She is thrilled with them and I am so happy I could get them for her and teach her to always shop for a better deal!Nancy in Traverse City, MIPUMA Women's Wheelspin Sneaker
B001CHCTMC have had them for 4 years, still love them! I bought these shoes 4 years ago in a department store, and they are the love of my sneaker life. I'm wearing them right now. They're SO comfy and durable. The only thing i recommend doing them is buying them a half size bigger, and putting suede protector on. I never did and wore them to a music festival. However, even with the suede not being in great condition, they look and feel awesome. No other sneaker ever lived up to it!
B001CHEPW4 Blast from my past. These Pumas may not be the most comfortable sneaker out there nowadays, but they bring me back to my childhood. Growing up during my grammar school years, you weren't cool if you didn't have a pair of leather or suede Puma "Clydes". When I saw they were back, I immediately bought them in blue and white suede. As for the shoe itself, I find they run a little small and narrow compared to most modern athletic shoes. Padding and cushioning are at a minimum. The original Pumas were designed as a basketball shoe. Today, these would not be considered a good basketball sneaker. They're best for walking and plain everyday wear. I really like them even if they aren't perfect. Every time I look down at my feet, it takes me back 30+ years.
B001CHEPW4 Great Sneaker I have bought this shoe before....so no surprises.  It was a gift and very much appreciated.  It also came very quickly.
B001CHER90 a super product at best available price this was a dream sneaker that i longed to have. i got it on Amazon at the most competetive price. i am happy for this purchase.
B001CHER90 Old School Puma The only sneaker I wear.  New generation of the Puma Basket, but simple and sleek in comparison to many of today's sneaker.
B001CHF4GK PUMA Women's Sabadella II Sneaker,Fossil/Chocolate,8 M US When I ordered these I love them, but when I received them I had to give them away because I have a "bad step" and the sole is very thin, so when I walked my feet went from side to side... the person I gave them to loved them!
B001CHG1YY old school classics Great sneaker I grew up wearing these and now the new colors selection is nice. I got 2 pairs for less than $60 it doesn't get any better than that
B001CHG1YY THE BEST DESIGNED CLASSIC SNEAKER OF ALL! The Puma Suede Classic is about the best look sneaker of all when compared with all of the other popular classic sneakers, like Converse Chuck Taylors, and classic Vans, both of which are all canvas, but still cost about the same or more than these all suede Pumas ?, and you can do a search on this for yourself. I have had them all, but the design of this shoe is head and shoulders above any of them including Nike and Addidas! They feel good right out of the box, but feel great with after market insoles, I normally add insoles to all of my flat sole shoes for extra arch support and cushioning, but for these you dont really need them, and as for the sizing they are accurate to the size I normally wear, and by the way these shoes look waaay better in person. You will need to know how to maintain your suede shoes, but for anyone who takes care of their kicks this should be easy. YOU WILL LOOK AWESOME ROCK'N A PAIR OF THESE PUMAS!
B001CHG1YY Sharp looking sneaker The  sneakerscaught my eye because of the color. I bought the sneakers a 1/2 size bigger and they fit perfectly. I received the sneakers very fast and I am  very pleased with the purchase.
B001CHG1YY Nice looking sneaker and a good value! I love the colors and Puma tends to fit me better than other makers. The price for this style is very attractive.
B001CHG1YY Puma Generation Growing up wearing Puma sneakers back in the mid 80's, I highly recommend this classic sneaker for anybody who appreciate style and comfort. Great shoe!!
B001CHG1YY puma sneaker fits right love it fits as i want always wanted one now  i have it am going to play it as a classic
B001CHG1YY PUMA Unisex Suede Classic Sneaker,Black/White,7 M US Women's/5.5 PUMA Unisex Suede Classic Sneaker,Black/White,7 M US Women's/5.5  it is great !Thank you very much for the item and quick shippment
B001CHG1YY Perfect in all ways Been looking for this vintage style for years from the 70's i had worn this type. Looks great and feels great. If u remember the sneakers u will want to grab this sneaker
B001CHG1YY puma suede classi nice sneaker..suede is excellent. I take 11 and oredered 12 to perfect fit. Had tried them on in a store and they run a size small.
B001CHG1YY Puma Review The picture of this sneaker shows a white puma strip on the side of it.  The actual sneaker has a grey strip on the side of it. Also, the sneaker appears to be a bright red but its true color is like a reddish/orange color.  The shoe laces are the only decent thing that I do like about the shoe.
B001CHG1YY Awesome shoe, Great style I love these shoes.  Very well made.  Quality workmanship.  I would definitely recommend these to others looking for a great retro sneaker.
B001CHG1YY puma sneaker Was tight. Will need to wear and stretched it some.  But it was made in China and they do have smaller feet.  But I do love the color and feel of the shoe
B001CHG1YY Love the old school thing This is a great sneaker. The only thing is it you have long feet it works, If you dont its alright too.My toes are still free.
B001CHG1YY !!! Great sneaker, great price, awesome value! I am very pleased with my purchase.  It also came with fat laces! Excellent!
B001CHG1YY A Beautiful sneaker I was going to use black laces and wear these shoes to formal occasions.  They were just too tight for my feet.
B001CHG1YY Classic cool sneaker Classic cool design.  Quality sneaker.  Comfortable for casual wear and durable enough for most athletic activities.  Fit exactly as expected.
B001CHG1YY PUMA Suede Classic+ Sneaker, Black/White, 15.5 M US Women's/14 M US Men's I ordered them as a gift for my hubby & they were perfect! These ones are getting harder to find. So thank you for having them!
B001CHG1YY Beutiful I buy these for years now for my son.  He wears a size 14 and it is hard to find not so sneaker looking shoes for him.  Great!
B001CHG1YY The Classic Sneaker I've been buying suede Puma's my whole life & I still love them. Good looking shoes & a really affordable price.
B001E1EJ1U Thanks for the Puma GV Special JR Sneaker (Little Kid/Big Kid),White/New Navy,4 M US... Thanks for the Puma GV Special JR Sneaker (Little Kid/Big Kid),White/New Navy,4 M US...  its a really usefull sport shoes
B001E1EJ1U Puma sneaker I Bought the shoes for my 6 y/o daughter for the school. She love it and fit as expected, very comfortable and nice looking.I would recommended to others
B001E1EJ1U GVS'in Love this sneaker for little boys! My kids are 7 and 6 and these are the freshest white sneakers for them! They even ask for GVS  now!
B001H0EXB4 good looking. no arch support. doesnt breathe nice looking sneaker.  fits snug. no vents.  no arch support.  my feet hurt after walking two miles in thess shoes.  now trying to "adapt" with inserts.  we'll see.  for 65 dollars - i'm a little disappointed.
B001H0FFFC PUMA Men's Cell Yalix Sneaker i gave this shoes to my love one and he really like it. thank you very much
B001H0FGMY Puma sneaker are great!!!! Bought these sneakers not knowing how they would be and I like them very much.
B001H0FHWI Beautiful sneaker This was one of the best choices I could make. These shoes look great, the quality of its material is excellent.
B001KYEAJM Plastic type "sneaker" Though this pair of sneakers were useful in the summer, due to the holes. My son found them hard and uncomfortable. He didn't last long in them, preferred crocs type.
B001KYEH9A Puma Sneaker My son has gotten a million compliments on this adorable shoe! Fits really well, and is easy for him to get off and on with the velcro (he's 5). Really a very cool, hipster look for a little kid!
B001OOMNDI PUMA Cabana Racer sneaker The shoes are great.  The fit is nice and they are exactly what I expected to get.
B001OOMNDI Good casual sneaker This is an overall fun, comfortable casual sneaker.  I have narrow feet and I have a hard time finding sneakers that are not too wide, but these fit well.  There is little arch support, but they lace up well so they don't slip when I walk.  One thing I notice is that the material on the toe is a bit stiff and it creases when I walk, but maybe this will soften up with time.  Be warned, the suede color looks gray in the picture, but it is actually a light sea green.
B001OOMRYS MN THE PUMA WOMENS SNEAKER ARE VERY NICES EXCELLENT PURCHASE FOR ME, BEUTIFULL COLORS AND REAL SIZE, I LOVE VERY MUCH
B001OOMT9Q Fashionable and functional sneaker The Ring Knockout is a boxing/wrestling styled sneaker with a solid sole (not split sole for anyone looking to use it as a wrestling shoe). It is quite comfortable in terms of cusioning and construction although I myself wear an 11, the traditional puma sizing of being about half a size or so too small still holds true.The bottom part of the shoe is made of black leather and a grey satin material while the top is a cotton/polyester type mesh. I was caught in a recent rainstorm with them on and the leather wiped off quite easily and they are "fairly" water resistant (I didn't step in any puddles).While I have worn them for an entire day I never put them to use walking around a huge city or some sort of park, but for something that is not as cushioned as a walking or running shoe they do the job quite nicely and look unique while doing it.Just remember order a half size up.(I'd go 4.5 stars but amazon doesn't do that).
B001OON4MW Comfortable, Light, Stylish I originally bought these shoes as a casual wear for riding.  I thought it was designed for riding, but found out that was not the case.However, the PUMA Fab Ride Ducati Sneaker is stylish, light-weight, and comfortable for everyday use.  It is definitely a great shoe to add for daily wear!
B001OON9DQ True Race Sneaker Very light foam-type construction with many holes, smooth bottom sole. Probably good for racing but not casual wear.
B001QXC7R4 The Whole Man My husband has this suite by puma and also gotten the sneaker to match.  He look so handsome in them.  He has become a puma man away with the Nike brand he used to wear.
B001VH70GS Sneaker art I am strictly an Adidas man, but I could see the brilliance in the silver, red, and black.  Puma has created sneaker art in this cool shoe.  Very light shoe, so good for any occasion.  I prefer to use these as formal shoes, but they would work for athletics too.  I am considering getting the black and blue ones, I like them that much.  Cheapest and one of the coolest sneakers I own.
B001VH75I6 puma sneakere I love these sneakers. I like colorful sneakers that do not look like an athletic sneaker/ running style shoe. I wish Puma still made these.
B001VH7JZU Comfortable + unique look The sneaker fit perfectly at my normal size.  It feels comfortable and is an eye catcher with a lot of people asking where I got the sneaker.  It is a keeper.
B001VH7Q5S didn't fit the sneaker was my husbands size,but was too small.  i need to return it
B001VH7Q5S retro casual wear a well constructed sneaker for casual wear or the gym.  seams appear solid and mid-sole and sole are of durable materials.  not the most comfortable for mile after mile running.  11.5 was small for my feet based on a similar puma product.
B001VH7QS0 Puma Cat Sneaker Nice shoes, I love them. They do have a spot in the arch that I need to get comfortable with but I am sure with continued wear I will. They aren't uncomfortable, just different. In fact if it weren't for having to adjust I would say they are one of the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn!
B001VKXHP8 like slippers These sneakers are great.  I've got three pairs in all different colors.  Super comfortable and supportive for lots of activity.  Even though they are not my primary running sneaker they are a great substitute when I use them.  Very stylish and I always get lots of compliments.  Have always been a big fan of Puma!!
B002C4JY0Y fit feet The Puma Alsten Dapper sneaker is the perfect shoe for my  CrossFit workouts. It is very comfortable and gives good support. I ordered a half size larger than usual and that worked. No blisters or other foot irritations from this sneaker.Amazon sent these shoes quickly and at the best price. From start to finish, this was a very good transaction.
B002C4KC8W Puma Sneaker I have been wearing these for a while and they are great.  They still look good and they don't hurt my feet.  I love the puma brand.  Thanks
B002EENI40 PUMA Men's EL Rey Cross Perf Leather Slip-On Sneaker,Black/Dark Gull. This shoe is awesome and very lightweight. That makes me feel like I'm not wearing anything. I would definitely recommend this product to others.
B002EENI40 Very comfy sneaker's for the price. Was looking to buy a Gucci sneaker just like this, but they(Gucci) didn't do them in a size 14 US. This option was quite good and did the job.
B002EENI40 Best CONVENIENT CASUAL SNEAKER AROUND!!!! Such an awesome sneaker! Got rid of my Nike dunks as this makes a much more simplistic fashionable sneaker. I can wear these on my casual days at work with my khakis or with denim jeans when I'm out and about or at the club! Alsoooo soooo convenient as I can just slip my feet in and head out the door, rather than always have to tie my laces! Wish I can find these in all white! :D
B002EENI40 confortable Its a nice sneaker and very confortable, but i give it 3 stars because it open and you can see my skin or my socks, wich make this mor informal.
B002EL3G3Q Stylish, comfortable, and easy to get on! Great classic sneaker that has plenty of style.  I think they run a little big, maybe by about a half size.  These work well for getting out of the house quick, without worrying about tying laces!
B002EL3KQE i love this light up sneaker it's difficult to find a cool light up sneaker. Puma has done a great job. I bought a pair for each of my 3 little boys. On one pair, the lights didn't work, but puma replaced them right away. Puma has great customer service!
B002EL3KQE Lights stopped working after a short while I loved this sneaker so much I ordered a pink pair for my daughter.  Last week however I noticed my son's sneakers stopped lighting up.  Not sure if there is a battery that can be replaced but def disappointed that the feature I bought the sneakers for quit on me so quickly.
B002EL3KQE to small They are a very nice sneaker that my son likes very much but they turned out to be to small
B002EL3KQE Too Small Puma Speeder Illuminescent V Light-Up Sneaker to don't buy Too Small Puma Speeder Illuminescent V Light-Up Sneaker thru the internet. the size is too small ,,
B002EL3KQE Great sneaker My son is now four, and we've been getting this sneaker since he's two. The light up puma is tons of fun, also he has a somewhat more narrow foot and these seem to be the only sneakers that really fit!
B002EL3KQE Great option for light up sneaker My son has been asking me for a pair of sneakers that light up. I loved the color  options and the Puma that lite up.
B002EL3KQE Arrived just in time. It's perfect. This item fits perfect in my son and arrived just in time. I really liked this sneaker and my son too.
B002EL3KQE My son love them! For the past two years I bought this sneaker for my boy! Already in my 3rd pair, he just love them!
B002EL3KQE puma sneaker My granddaughter loved them. They even lite up which I didn't know they did. She was one excited 5 year old. thank you
B002EL3LZE Great sneaker by Puma Puma always make fashionable, comfortable, sneakers and this one is no exception.  Great style, perfect fit for people whose feet are not wide.  Where would we be without PUMA?  Barefooted for sure.  A must buy!
B002EL3LZE Puma Tune Cat B Jr Sneaker My grandson loves this shoe.  He says they are so soft and comfortable.  Only problem, he wants to wear them everyday.
B002EL3MCQ cute sneaker It's true to size. Love that it has velcour instead of  lace.  This is my daughters gym sneaker and she seems to love it. It also helps that it has pink in ir.
B002EL3MCQ Great sneaker! I've been buying Pumas for my son since he was born and he is now 3. These sneakers are great, they are wide an comfortable for him..and very stylish. They look cute with blue jeans, and khakis. Great spring/summer sneaker!
B002EL3MCQ PUMA Tune Cat B V Fashion Sneaker Excellent!!. These shoes are very comfortable. My daughter really likes these shoes and I love how they look. They are beautiful and versatile. she put them with a dress and look so cute. Excellent quality. They fit very well. I am very happy with my purchase.
B002EL3MCQ Toddler PUMA sneaker I bought this sneaker for my 19 mth old. I saw it online and it looked so cute. It was also a colour that could go with anything he wore. The sneaker was delivered and received in good condition as promised. It also was comfortable to my toddler's feet. I recommend this choice for anyone looking for a stylish shoe for their kid.
B002EL3MCQ Nice Sneaker Love the velco closure and the fact that the sneaker is not white... two key factors I look for in a kid's shoe. Nicely fit my daughter's wider foot, light weight, and are easy for her to put on and take off.
B002F0053U most comfortable sneaker ever these are my daughters favorite sneaker.  i have bought her 2 pairs and looking to get her a third.  she is very picky about shoe comfort and these are the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn.  i don't know about "performance" but as a casual sneaker they are wonderful.  also love the tongue-free design.
B002HEWZHS HOT!!!! SNEAKER If your lucky enough to find this sneaker still in your child's size ..BUY THEM..We have them in the pink but the blue looks cute too..My daughter loves them and we always have lot's of compliments ..Easy to take on and off as they have fake laces with velcro strap..A must have for your daughter
B002KAOLGC Great Sneaker I was pleased with the fit. Very comfortable for walking, even after wearing them all day. I reccomend them highly!
B002KAOLGC money well spent. As expected it is a very stylish & comfortable sneaker. I may buy a couple more pairs. Great job Puma!
B002KAOLGC i ware it every day PUMA Men's El Ace L Sneaker,Black/Dark Shadow/Red,9 D USits Fit as expected and i dont have any problom .
B002KAOLGC Sharp Shoes Puma shoes can be a tricky fit, every style seems to fit differently. Size 9 was a bit short and 9-1/2 a bit too long with this particular model sneaker.
B002KAOLGC More of a backetball sneaker In the pics I pictured it being a more up-scale leather looking dark shoe that I could wear out to low level night clubs, bars, etc but after seeing it in person it looked much more like a basketball sneaker than anything. Its a nice sneaker, just not exactly what I was picturing in my head.
B002KAOLGC Great,simple sneaker This is a very nice shoe especially in the white version.It's comfortable although the El Rey's I've had are more comfortable probably because the sole is stiffer. It looks better than the El Rey though and doesn't scuff as easily.It's the same price as the El Rey which is very reasonable for such a well made shoe. It's not for running or any sport but simply a great casual sneaker to wear with jeans.
B002KAOLGC nice looking sneaker I am pleased with the fit and with the appearance - comfortable for walking.  a good value for the money.
B002KAOLGC Puma Vans They are my sons favorite sneaker so I was happy to find them on Amazon for such a good price , however, the quality of the leather is not that sturdy so if you wear the sneaker very often the material will tear.  Overall, it is a very good shoe.
B002KAOLGC Awesome sneaker This puma shoes is one of the best buy I ever made!!! I really like a lot, wait for more designs...
B002KAOLGC Sneaker The  shoe is too flat for my feet so I wear them only for especial occasion there are nice design. But there is not to much sole at the bottom.  I get tire wire standing up for a long period of time.
B002LH4WCW PUMA Women's Roma So hard to find this classic sneaker. LabeLust.com and Amazon, who could have asked for abetter combination? Factory fresh Puma's hard to find, best price and shipped free with Amazon prime. These sneakers have the classic look and more comfortable than the (Speedcat) driving series they have.  Would recommend if they are still in stock.
B002QHWAJE Great Sneaker My niece enjoys wearing these sneakers. She never wants to take them off! They have a great non slip sole.
B002RLBC8E PUMA All my expectations were acomplished with this excellent purchase of puma's men's and women's 3 pair invisible sneaker socks black
B002SSUUN4 Puma Women's Speeder M Running Shoe Unlike the pair of Puma's I ordered after this pair ( Women's Soleil Leather Fashion Sneaker), these were terrific. They were better than I expected in fit, color and style. Super comfortable!
B002WC7ZZC PUMA Sky II Hi Neo Sneaker Love these shoes. I have had these for a few months now and every time I go out people complement the shoes. The color is great. Shoe size was on point and the comfort level is amazing. A great buy for the price as well.
B002WC82KY PUMA TENNIS SNEAKER - Simple- Classic- ComfortableA great pair of shoes for playing tennis.
B002WC86HI puma men's drift cat II sneaker it's a nice product and i like it very much. it's comfortable and fit very well. I recommended.
B002X78OCO Athletic and girly So excited when I got these.  I am not a huge sneaker type person - love more of the girls shoes - flip flops, flats, heels, sandals... needed something that had some grip for the boat (hate boat shoes) and these are perfect - nothing to tie and they are like sneaker ballet shoes!
B002YD8P9E PUMA Men's Tazon II Sneaker,White/Puma Silver/Black They arrived on time, in good condition and it's been a month and they haven't fallen apart, so I'm happy.
B002YX0YJ8 Super light weight and comfortable Very light shoe. Stiff sole and tread. Good for urban use, since the tread is simple and fabric is fairly thin. Great summer sneaker.
B002Z12RZ8 If you buy Puma's because they fit your high arch, these sneakers might not be for you I love Puma sneakers, for their design and especially because they fit my foot's arch, which is a rather high one. Unfortunately this model of Puma sneaker, although lovely, didn't fit my arch well and ended up making my feet and, surprisingly, even my back hurt.
B0030BFGMI Quality I've never purchased a black sneaker but LOVE the pink stripe on the outstide.This shoe is comfortable and made well!!  I love the price, under $40.00.First Puma shoe.  Happy with purchase!
B0038QP3C8 the benny breaker sneaker these shoes are nice, and they have a great stylish casual look with almost anything you wear.downside is, they get dirty very quickly and take some time to break in.i would prefer sticking with the puma suedes. they much more comfortable out of the box, but other than that, they are very similar
B003AU4Q6Q Great All-Purpose Sneaker PUMA Voltaic II is a well-fitting, well-made, multi-sport sneaker. Fits big kids thru adults. Supports the foot well. Both my teenage daughters have a narrow heel, and PUMA sneakers and soccer cleats fit well. I'd buy it again!
B003EE48UM very nice These shoes are very comfortable and good quality, you can wear all day as they are mild, with any type of clothing, the seller and is in compliance with the established, Thanks AmazonPUMA Benecio Leather Sneaker
B003EE7TEE Great sneaker Very light...great sneaker. I was wearing them all summer. I would recommend them to everyone. Also, I bought one for my sister and she loves them too.
B003EE7XGS Great sneaker! Very well made sneaker. Sturdy and is taking a beating from my 2 year old. I just wipe them clean and the end of the day.
B003EE7XGS Nice pair of sneaker! I bought it for my 5 years old son, he needed those for school. Great shoes and great price. I'm very happy!
B003EE7XGS tricky size chart I wanted 22cm sneaker and the chart posted said it was US 4. However the chart is not for this shoes. I realized this when I receirved the product....
B003EE9GYU Puma speeder sneakers This is one of the best walking sneakers I've ever owned and I've owned almost all of the leading sneaker brands.  The unique feature of this sneaker is the sole.  The design gives you the feeling that you are walking on a blanket of air. However, the sneaker does lose much of its "walking on air" effect after about 300 walking miles.
B003EE9O4W Great sneaker Great sneaker, price pretty reasonable. It's very comfortable, reasonably durable, looks pretty good. The price is decent. My kid likes these shoes too.
B003EE9O4W love it Absolutely gorgeous sneaker for 2,2 years old girl. A luxurious colors, comfortable shoes. it's also second pair of PUMA Sneaker, another one was in purple.Highly recommend.
B003EE9O4W cute Very nice sneaker. I needed a sneaker for my 6 year old with straps so we don't have to tie his shoes every hour. Looks very nice and easy for him to put on and off
B003EE9PXM unsatified customer The back of the sneaker kept rubbing againist my heel (bandage, cottonballs) would not help. So I gave them to my daughter.
B003EEBGQQ Bigger/more perforations in this sneaker I bought this as a replacement for a Puma Turin 2 sneaker.  This one feels just slightly narrower, but it's overall the same shape and fit.  Puma's always take a few days to mold to your feet.  It looks great and they are comfortable.There are more and bigger perforations in this one vs the last one.  When it is windy the cool breeze can be felt in the shoe.  They will be good for summer and fall, but probably too cold for winter, unfortunately.  Also, I was concerned how the perforations would be in the rain.  It seems that they do let some water in.  The top lining and my socks were a little damp after walking in the rain for about an hour.
B003EEBGQQ puma men's cell turin Really comfortable and fashionable.  Great for training or wearing as a leisure sneaker.  Very light and breathable!  When running, it doesn't even feel like your wearing them!
B003EEH7NM Very nice sneaker! Very nice sneaker. Well done and good quality. It fit as expected. I buyed other Puma's sneakers and the size was the same.I totally recomend it.
B003EEH7NM puma vulc kids sneaker is great for my kid It fits perfectly on my 5 year old kid. he just loved it and wans to wears it every day.
B003EEH7NM Perfect shoes! I high recommend this Sneaker! My daughter is running and walking with them all days long.She is really happy!
B003FZJWW4 Great shoe but runs small!!! This a great shoe but runs small. I have a different puma sneaker and wear a 8.5 but with this one I had to go up to a 9.5. I guess it has to do with the slim form of this specific sneaker.
B003FZL4YS Great casual sneaker I had been looking for a casual sneaker which was comfortable for running around doing errands, but didn't look like I left my gym shoes on.  I tried a bunch of pumas and the replicat is great.  Unfortunately not quite as comfy as other puma styles, but puma in general are very comfy and so are these.  Looks good with jeans.
B003LY4HWY Very good These are comfy and have worn well. Possibly run small, I wear an 8 or 8.5 and needed the 8.5 in these. I have gotten so many compliments on these! Very easy to slip on. Not a lot of arch support but very comfy for a flat sneaker. I would buy another pair.
B003LY4X2S PUMA's for the new Millenium Looking for a stylish pair of black sneaks came across these puma's. As we know puma's are cut small, but this particular model got good reviews on sizing, so gave them a try. They are definitel cut a tad bit larger than other puma models. Normally wear a 13 sneaker, got these in a 14, and suprising the cut on these are big and spacious. Good job PUMA on making a sneaker that doesn't fit like a glove.
B003LY50N4 You won't be disappointed! I love myPUMA Men's Cell Cerano Sneaker. In fact, they are the best pair of running shoes I have ever owned. They are lightweight, reasonably priced, and even somewhat comfortable.
B003MAJWCW Sizing was confusing The title says Women's fashion sneaker, but under the sizes are all in men's on the website. The shoes arrive in Women's sizes, therefore I had ordered two sizes too small, something to be cautious about.
B003MAJWCW Puma I love this sneaker, my problem is I have lived in Florida for 12 years and always have worn sandles, so trying to put on a real shoe just wasn't going to happen.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil Fashion Sneaker black,cabaret,9BUS I like the look of Puma products, have used them often but this particular style is a bit of a disappointment..A bit large but the problem is the gap at the heal area and the depth of that area as well. It was necessary to put in a lift.
B003MAJWCW Great purchase and fast delivery. Have had these in the past and loved them...finally found them again and had to purchase them.  Great sneaker!  Will buy again when needed!
B003MAJWCW Puma Women's Sneaker I didn't expect such high quality for such a good price, but I got it!  Love the shoe and how it feels soft, but yet feels suportive on my feet.  Seller was easy to deal with and shipment was fast.
B003MAJWCW Awesome White with grey accent colors, all leather sneaker. thin soled sneaker, but has great padded insole. fits true to size.
B003MAJWCW Perfect fit This sneaker fit perfectly, its comfortable as well. It met my expectation when i opened the package it was in.
B003MAJWCW great sneakers love them for exercising but also just nice to wear casually...they're attractive, not bulky looking..if you arenot a sneaker person, this is the one for you..
B003MAJWCW Fashionable and comfortable sneaker Comfortable and relaxed sneaker for mild exercise. They look good on my feet, possibly making them smaller. A great buy, would highly recommend!
B003MAJWCW Overall comfortable and great sneaker Comfortable sneakers! They look good on too. I just purchased these to replace the exact pair that were just old but in good condition after several years of wear.  The only con is that sometimes the back wears on the back of my foot.
B003MAJWCW Cute sneaker but: It is a bit wide in the heel.  I do like the sneaker but I don't care for the ribbon-like laces.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil Leather Fashion Sneaker The sneaker itself isn't as good looking as all my other Puma's.I could have lived with the way they look if they fit well. My feet slide out when I walk.I would have returned them but when I tried them on they felt fine.It wasn't until much later when I started walking in them that I realized I couldn't wear them.By then it was too late to return them.Lesson learned. I will never order footwear online again.
B003MAJWCW Puma Women's Soleil FS Fashion Sneaker,Black/Steel Gray,6 B US PUMA Women's Soleil FS Fashion SneakerWas not expecting less...the shoe is so comfortable.  Pleased with the purchase!
B003MAJWCW Excelent! This sneaker is beautiful and the quality is great! Really worth the amount payed! Shipment was fast. I would definitely recommend this product!
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil FS Sneaker The shoe fits very well, as I had hoped.  The shoe is comfortable after you get used to the lower sole and flexibility, as opposed to regular sneakers.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil FS Sneaker,White/PUMA I'm always leary about buying shoes online but one thing I can count on with Puma, is that they are the size they say they are! Thanks for making it so easy!
B003RVNQ00 Good shoes for regular wear I like the style and comfort as a sneaker for general wear but I don't think I'd actually run in them as they seem a little unsupportive.
B0042AMXZE Cutest sneakers I thought about these for a bit before I bought them.  I am a Puma fan and was thinking that I'd try another company's sneaker.  As you can see I didn't find one.  They are great shoes for style and comfort.  And I love the colors.  I find that these are more comfortable with a thin sock.
B0042AN0T2 PUMA Women's Caliber Trainer Sneaker,White/Blue Atoll,9 B(M) US These sneakers. I buy them for me and are very good are comfortable and do not bother at all. I recommend it.
B0042ANHBI Great sneaker The shoe seemed to be a little more bulky in person but thats no big deal cause its still a great sneaker and for the price is definately worth every penny. Its stylish, a great brand, good quality, and definately a great value.
B0042ANLVE Hottest understated sneaker there is. I oughta know, cuz I'm into understated sneakers. Check out the white light grey pewter mids as well, then try to doubt me.  New Balance has the h710sb in grey thats also hot, but these and the white Puma mids are more sneaker and less hiking shoe. All very hard to get, except for this Shoezoo link. Good luck!
B00439GCEM Casual sleek This is a good alternative to your bulky sneaker on weekends . Feminine and cute . Enough support . Good for the price
B00439GCEM To be expected This sneaker is great for walking it is soft all over I love it very much - no complaints on it
B00439GCEM Almost what I expected I wanted a low profileall black sneaker for traveling which is ligher and less bulky than normal sneakers.  This fits those requirements for me.  They fit well and there is a lot of cushion in the ball of the foot, probably becuase this is classified as a dance sneaker.  However, that causes the heel to feel lower than the ball of the foot, which takes getting used to when walking.  Over all I am satisfied with this purchase.
B00439GCEM Puma Women's Soleil Fashion Sneaker I got these in the grey color. They are well-made and sturdy, and it's a great neutral that goes well with anything. They look good with both long pants and shorts. The suede is soft but supportive, and the insole is so comfortable! Definitely happy with this purchase.
B00439GCEM Love this shoe! I'm so very pleased with the Puma Soleil Sneaker. It is light and so comfortable and look so nice on. I recieved them so quickly and loved the recylced packaging they come in. I typically buy Puma athletic wear but this is by far my favorite purchase. I am very satisfied. They are definately worth the price.
B00439GCEM versatile sneaker This is a great casual sneaker. I wear them to work in, to work out in and they've been indispensible for walk intensive vacation destinations. They're sleek and flattering and work with a variety of bottoms. The one draw back is that you need tremendously taught laces to keep the sides from flaring out. Perhaps it's due to the fabric loops in place of the typical grommet in which the laces are woven. This effect has seemed to wear off within a few weeks of wear, but it was uncomfortable wearing them in. Still, I think it's worth it in light of the versatility.
B00439GCEM Comfy sneaker I bought this shoe in black after wearing the grey for a couple months.The sneaker snugly hugs your foot and is complemented by a cushioned gel insole.  My pumas have always lasted a long time, my previous pair I wore for around 6 years before I got holes in the sole assuming these will be the same.Highly recommend!
B00439GCEM Black puma suede sneaker!! Loved it!!! Very comfortable, stylish and  perfect size...really what I was looking for in a long time...couldn't be more happy with this puma's choice...
B00439GCEM The Ultimate in Comfort and Design I find most sneakers too bulky. Puma Soleil is an attractive, low profile, super-comfortable sneaker that, most importantly, offers excellent arch support. My podiatrist was surprised by the level of arch support, and overall quality of this sneaker. Some people might want to change the laces that come with this shoe because they easily loosen. Other than that, I am thrilled  with this purchase and must say the Puma Soleil is the most comfortable shoe in my wardrobe.  I wear an 8M, and these sneakers fit perfectly, and feel as if I am bouncing my feet on a pillow!
B00439GCEM PUMA Women's Soleil Suede Sneaker Black/Steel They are very comfortable sneakers..they look very nice. Also has lots of support .I recommend these you won't regard it
B00439GCEM awesome shoe I always need a low profile mostly solid comfortable sneaker with some support for work.  This one fits the bill and I am enjoying wearing them.  Reviews I read posted that the sizing can be small, I am a 9 or 9 1/2 in most footwear and this fits well.  If you feel like you are a 9 1/2 or 10, definately err on the higher side.
B00439GCEM Puma women sneaker it's my favorite and most beautiful sneaker.it's a dream. I just love it.I don't want to used when it's raining to not to damage.
B00439GCEM Really nice shoes I bought these to wear to work with khaki or black pants.  I walk around all day long and they are pretty comfortable.  I'm tempted to buy them in black because I love a small, sleek sneaker and Puma is my favorite brand.
B00439GCEM comfy these are the most comfy sneakers. i can wear them all day and not feel the rush to get them off as soon as i get home. they also look good because they are not like a traditional sneaker i bought them also in grey and in black
B00439GCEM puma women's soleil suede sneaker,black/steel grey size too large.tried to exchange for size 9 told would have to return shoe and reorder.tried to reorder but price went up.
B00439GCEM So cute thanks, very quickly and very comfortable!!! Puma Women's Soleil Fashion Sneaker,Black/Steel Grey,9.5 B USI liked the color, is a very nice design, very comfortable also, one can walk all day with them and they are okay.
B00439GCEM Blah The shoes look great but they aren't what I thought they were the tongue if the sneaker won't stay in place
B00439GCEM Comfy Cat Puma is one of my favorite brands to buy fashion sneakers.  This particular sneaker is very comfortable and stylish.  The only set back is that they run very big.  I wear a size 71/2 in sneakers, but I bought the Cat style Puma and they were too small, then I bought the 8 and they were too small and finally I bought the 81/2 and they fit.  With the Soleil  I bought an 81/2 to be on the safe side and they were too big.  I didn't return them because I liked them soo much, I just wear really thick socks w/them.
B00439GD82 Great looking sneakers Very comfortable sneaker, extremely stylish, goes great with jeans or chinos. Chocolate brown color is almost black. I get so many compliments on these, like no other sneaker I've ever owned. Size is accurate. I couldn't be happier with them
B0049J57OM Puma Faas 300 Sneaker I wasn't very impressed with this sneaker compared to Nike Free 7.0.  The padding under the heel isn't as good.  I may use this shoe for odds and ends but not for regular use.
B0049J57OM Great sneaker This sneaker is extremely comfortable, lightweight, and breathable.  Its the perfect summer shoe and I highly recommend it.  Great purchase.
B0049J57OM nice sneaker it fits well, and is light-weight.  Product was as shown in picture.  True to size. This is a nice sneaker.
B004DSTRE0 Sporty flat better looking than a sneaker I love this shoe! I bought it to wear while showing my dog. But they are so comfy I have been wearing them all the time. They look cute with skirts, shorts , well everything really.I am thinking about buying another color, to wear with more casual clothes. I have the black and grey.
B004GB11O8 Solid casual sneaker Fit and look great. Only knock is a little bit of rough edge on the top of the tongue but they're breaking in fast, so no biggie.
B004GB11O8 Puma Men's G. Vilas L2 Fashion Sneaker, Not much cushion and not as comfortable as I thought it might be. Also it did not appeal to me as seen on the picture. Think its over priced.
B004GB11O8 Classic I love the classic look of this Puma sneaker, and everyone comments on them and asks where they can get a pair.
B004GB11O8 Very Sharp Looking, But The Quality Just Isn't What It Used To Be. The Puma Men's G Vilas L2 Fashion Sneaker is a very sharp looking sneaker and seems easy to keep clean, but be prepared for a longer break-in period! The older G Vilas were made of nubuck leather where as the present shoe has more textile ( almost seems like a plastic ). Needless to say the older model was much more comfortable and of better quality. I wear a size 11.5, and that's what I purchased, but I wish I would have ordered a size 12. I'd suggest going up at least 1/2 a size on this shoe for better comfort. I'm not totally displeased with my purchase of this product since they are a good looking shoe, but I guess I had too high of expectations from Puma because of the company they used to be ( just a little disappointed! ). It's all about money and ripping off the consumer!
B004GB11Z2 Best Sneaker I think this product deserves a fair review. This sneaker does not only offers style but also comfort due to its cushy midsole (not that many sneakers have this). I tried it on in Macy's and I fall in love with it instantly. Unfortunately they did not have the color that I want, so I ordered it from Amazon. The one I bought is black and red. The size (of 9) is perfect, and I am very well satisfied.
B004GB1242 My third pair of Puma classic sneaker I'm very happy with my purchase.  This is a very nice and good quality pair of sneaker and they are very comfortable.  They arrived on time.  Amazon service was good.
B004GB1242 PUMA men's whirlwind classic black sneaker nice style -- look good.  very comfortable.  Not really a sport shoe (very thin sole); but they look good for everyday use.
B004GB1242 Puma Sneaker The price is right.  The fit is great.  It is light-weight.  I like them a lot.  You can't go wrong.
B004GB1242 Puma Men's Whirlwind Classic Fashion Sneaker,Black/Steel Grey,10.5 D US Package was well packed and the product performed as would be expected from a company of Puma's reputation and I would recommend buying them.
B004GB1242 Look nice. I love these Sneaker, looks very nice and is very comfortable.I recommend these sneaker, the green/yelloy option looks terrific.
B004GB1242 Great Look and too comfort This is the best sneaker I've ever had, it looks great and it to comfort even when walking for long distances, I totally recomand it to everyone.
B004GB1242 PUMA sneaker that fits like a glove for your feet This PUMA sneaker one of my favorites. It is well made. Big upside is how comfortable this sneaker is. Feels like it hugs your feet. I sent a few out as gifts to friends and we all agree very cool look with real comfort.
B004GB1242 PUMA Men's Whirlwind Classic Sneaker,Amazon/White,10.5 D US The Puma Men's Whirlwind Classic Sneaker, Amazon/White, 10.5 D US.I didn't purchase the above for a distance running shoe, but for a comfortabe walking facility. Unfortunately, the 10.5 size should have been purchased in size 10. Still, it's (almost?) worth the money - as I'm wearing the above Puma shoes with two socks. It's OK.
B004GB13IM Ok sneaker This sneaker looks good for casual wear. They are soft and unstructured which probably prevents them from being used for serious sports wear. It was delivered promptly and well packed. I found these sneakers to run small and I could not wear them. They felt about a half to full size below my regular shoe. Thankfully, my son was able to wear them making the purchase worthwhile overall.
B004GB14HM PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White, PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,
B004GB14HM Great Sneaker This is a well made sneaker.  Not only is the look great but so is the construction.  This sneaker is easily worth twice what the price is!
B004GB18FK Great sneaker Very comfortable, great looking and perfect fit, only down fall is the red puma logo on the inside of the sneaker wears off on your socks leaveing a red stain, absolutly love these sneakers minus that one down fall, i'd get them again only in a nother color because of that
B004GB19WW Puma too narrow footware The Puma sneakers I ordered from Amazon was much too narrow although it was a good looking and well made piece of foodware. The problem I had was that the sneaker was too narrow even though I ordered the sneaker half size larger than my shoe size. Puma must be using a sizing template that is for "bound" feet. Give me and others with normal shoe widths a sneaker that fits and I will buy Puma. If not I'll have to go to another manufacturer that has adapted to differences in sneaker widths,
B004GB1A8U slick looking fashion sneaker I like these sneaks a lot in terms of their looks. They are comfortable, but given the lack of full support I wouldn't plan on doing a lot of fitness walking in them. The ribbon-like laces are a bit annoying as they tend to come undone easily.
B004GEAVUK Poorly made sneaker These sneakers are not well made, the loops that hold the laces ripped within 2 weeks of wearing the shoe.Also it is a narrow fit.My son loves how they look, but for better quality try other brands.On the plus side, Amazon refunded the full purchase price for me without too much hassle.
B004GEAW8G It is a nice sneaker It is a nice sneaker and this fit the size of my daughter. Not is weighty and the colors are homogeneous.
B004GEAW8G great product Sneaker is beautiful, comfortable i don't know about durability yet since i just bought it... Delivery of this item took 5 days and it was a PRIME item.... so i am very dissapointed at Amazon. the shoe is just as expected.
B004GEAXY4 Great Velcro shoe I ordered this style sneaker as my son always did well for the last few years with a Puma Velcro sneaker. I wasn't sure if either of us would like this particular style of Velcro with the larger flap in front. Was pleasantly surprised and the front lays flat like pictured. He is 8 yrs old and has some special needs but can manage these sneakers. Puma has always run true to size for my son. I like that I can wipe down the front from any dirt from the playground easily. This Velcro style is typical of any Velcro shoe/sneaker, it comes in constant contact with sweats ect it will show a little. That being said, I don't know of Velcro sneaker that won't do this and this sneaker you don't see that until you take it off. I'm again happy with my purchase.
B004J4XI3Y Very Comfy This sneaker is really comfortable and looks really nice on.  I thought they were going to be too heavy but they are lightweight also.  Great buy!
B004J4XM5S So great - pretty and very-very comfortable! I got these sneakers in black and white, now I think I want a pair in every color - these are so, so amazing! They just slide onto your feet and feel so comfortable, it's like wearing a pair of supersoft slippers. A LOT more comfortable than I thought they were going to be - even though their shape is very well defined and they hold it, these sneakers are not stiff, narrow or uncomfortable in any way. True to size, US size 9 would fit EU size 40. Arch support is probably not very good though...But they are so pretty! Look great with bootcut, flare and wide-leg jeans (in any color). I love the whole tennis shoe look with thick white soles, white trademark Puma stripes on both sides of each sneaker, and golden Puma logo on the outer side of each sneaker. The upper is made entirely of suede (except for the stripes, they look like they are made either of leather or leather-like material) so I wouldn't recommend wearing them in the rain. Overall, great looking, very comfortable, good quality fashion sneakers, much better than expected.
B004J4XMM6 Puma Sneaker Style doesn't look that great on, but I do like that the strap keeps it on your foot.  Rubber sole not good in wet weather (slippery).
B004J4XMM6 Perfec sneaker shoe Love these! comfy & sporty looking.. Wear it in summer all day long & like it..Recommend to all, really am enjoying it...
B004J4XNNO I love this shoe This sneaker fits well and is extremely comfortable.  I own several pairs in different colors.  I would buy this style again
B004J4XNNO Comfortable These sneaker flats are extremely comfortable and the type of shoe that you can wear anywhere, dress up or down.
B004J4XQL8 PUMA Lazy Slip On Fashion Sneaker White-Fern Green Good days please I need to know the estatu of my shoes PUMA LAZY SLIP ON FASHION SNEAKER, WHITE-FERN GREEN, US WOMEN 11.5/ US MENS 10 D
B004KP73OC AA This pair of sneaker is very comfortable, it can be wear all day and walk all day with it. I highly recommended. I love the color and the price is good.
B004KT6OQG He loves it. I bought this for my son who loves this sneaker and is asking me to buy more for him, I only hope this sneaker will last longer than the other ones I bought for him.
B004RQ30QE OKAY NOT GREAT This one doesnot look as good as other Puma shoes i have bought. Didnt bother to return but i dont like the leatherette look of the sneaker, I should have gotten the suede, in blue instead. Just ok.
B004SUANZU Classic sneaker. I got the Denim/white pair. Love the color. Great style. Really comfortable. Get a 1/2 size bigger cause the front is a lil narrow. I will definitely be getting these in other colors. If you love the classic look don't look any further. these liga's are a great buy. better than the nike sweet classic's.
B004SUANZU Great shoes! Great shoes! I love the marigold accent. I have gotten a lot of complements. I'm normally a size 7.5 but from everyone's reviews i  ordered a size 8.5 (thanks everyone!) They are pretty comfortable for a dressy sneaker but after a long day of walking they do start to hurt. I like them cause they are dressier than a running sneaker so when I'm wearing a nicer top I can use these without it looking weird. It's my first puma sneaker and I'll def be buying them again.
B004TAAV7E Puma Great fitting comfortable sneaker that looks awesome.  They fit perfect.  The quality is also outstanding.  Many other shoes I have purchased here have been tight and small but not these guys.  They are what they say they are.
B004TAAV7E US/EU for Puma really stylish and fashionable sneaker. Fully convinient design for guys about 35 :-) The only negativeness: you should online order Puma +1 size you assume your foot is (I have EU40/US7, but was small, thus I had to order another one US8).
B004TL9ZBG Very stylish These are as stylish as the picture as long as you keep them clean.Comfortwise, I would say they are average but I have always had good luck with puma and didnt want any problems.  It took me about 3 days to break them in but after that, it was like I owned them for 6 months.From what I have seen so far, puma consistently makes a nice sneaker.
B004TP4OCM Great wearing sneaker This is a really cute sneaker.  It fits true to size and is very comfortable.  I know I will enjoy wearing them everywhere.  I would recommend them highly to anyone interested in purchasing this shoe.
B004VR2ZWY Sporty and up to date ! ! ! It's real good Sneaker for running.They are real perfect looking , comfortable,sizing is good, When you stand on this Sneaker you guess that you have to run. The sole is specific for high contact on the ground it gives you stability while running and it's almost impossible to slip on the road.If you have never had Puma sneakers it's time to try them, I think you'll like or may be love them!1.Right size.2.comfortable.3.Up to date.4.Amazing.5.good price.And at the end time will show how durable they are, they give filling they will last long.
B004VR2ZWY Awesome sneakers These sneakers are the best Puma sneakers I owned.  Sneakrs did not even have to be broken in.  Would highly recommend to any Puma sneaker fan.
B004VW5QT8 Puma Drift Cat 3 Ferrari NM Fashion Sneaker Black/White Great Pair of shoes! Got them at a great price of $64.00 :D Very happy with my purchase.These Drift cats look and feel great! They hug your feet nicely. Im breaking them in now and they are feeling better and better! The real leather is a nice touch. (personally I also feel that the leather drift cats are alot better than the suede drift cats).
B004ZIP4U4 great size is correct 4 USA buyers great size is correct 4 USA buyers, wrong coIors ere sent to me but am  Pleased . my sneaker is great or nice 4 bicyclers
B004ZIP5GW Flexible This is a good-looking, comfortable sneaker. I particularly like the flexible forefoot, in part due to its thin sole, because it allows the toes to work better, for improved balance.  I use this shoe for walking  and much prefer it over the much more expensive and very heavy new balance sneaker walking sneaker ($120).  It is not particularly light however.  It weights 14.3 ounces, compared to my asics gel-blur which weights in at only 9.5 ounces. That is the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. I wish manufacturers would state the weight of their product, as this may be an important consideration for many.
B004ZIP5GW amazing PUMA Men's Voltaic 3 NM2 Sneaker,Black / Warm Olive, 8.5 D US  is a good sneaker you may buy at this moment,
B004ZIP5GW Great sneaker One of the most comfortable sneakers I've owned. This is my second pair.  I don't wear them for running or working out but for normal everyday use they have held up well.
B004ZIP5GW Puma Voltaic 3 - Don't Buy It - Major Design Flaw! This could be a nice sneaker - if it didn't have a major design flaw that makes purchasing it a big mistake. The "tongue" of the sneaker is fixed/fused so you must put it on sort of like a slip-on loafer. However, the top edge of the backing that your heel must slide over to do this is too flimsy and soft. It folds and crumples behind your heel after insertion and it is quite difficult to "unsmooth" the material and get your foot to comfortably fit in right. This happens every time and it is very annoying. Buy a different sneaker!
B004ZIT63U disappointed in the color I would give it five star but i cant bcause i was disappointed in the color on line its a much lighter blue then in person its more like a turquoise color. I still like the sneaker overall.
B004ZIT63U Horrible sneaker Ordered these for my daughter. For starters the sneaker itself is very hard feeling, no flexibility. Daughter tried them on and she said they were tight on the sides and the heal rubbed her feet. My daughter is tall and thins so not sure why the sides of the shoe hurt. There's no cushion and shoe is very hard.
B004ZIT63U loving the colours I order these in pink with green for my 9 year old daughter who plays tennis. Decided to order the light with dark blue and they were a lil small which i took in the same size.. Strange still are a pretty colour and sneaker.
B004ZIT63U Puma Voltaic 3 JR Sneaker (Little Kid/Big Kid) Excellent, just what I ordered... the only problem I had with these lovely shoes is that they run a little bit big as usually.Very please with the quality in fact.
B004ZITHZC great sneaker This is the second pair of  this sneaker we've ordered. My son outgrew the first and requested the same ones in another fun color. They run a tad on the small side so I'd size up if you're debating between two sizes.
B004ZITHZC I think they look great but runa little small for kids with wider feet. The sneaker itself looks great but for a child with that chunkier foot it's quite difficult to get on and I think they run a little bit small as I have found with most puma's for kids
B004ZITHZC Too Small Suggest buying 1 size up. Great design and style. The colors are also very sharp for a boy. The only issue is the front of the sneaker is narrow and its too short.
B004ZITHZC cheap. the 'leather' is very stiff - my daughter, who usually loves any sneaker - hated the way the didn't 'bend' and were stiff when she walked/ran.
B004ZITHZC Great Sneaker My boy seems to run through sneakers like crazy so I'm hopeful that these well fitting sneakers will stand up to his activity level.  We've had them for about 1 month and so far so good!  Great sneaker. :)
B004ZITHZC nice sneaker Nice Sneaker My Son Loves It But They Run Alitte Small. AllOf His Other Shoes Are 12 But This 12 Was A Little Small. Had To ExchAnge For  A 13.
B0050304VW Great sneaker. They are easy to get on and off and very comfortable. Wish the leather was softer like the toddler ones though.
B0050311LE Perfect Very beautiful sneakers. This is the perfect sneaker for the price.  It fits perfectly and my little girl just love it.
B0050U399O sneaker They were great, as you would expect Puma sneakers! They are all leather, very strong for a toddler. I gave them away after they didn't fit, so imagine the quality that they are enduring another toddler as if they where new!
B0050U7C8I a awesome shoe. gotta get me a pair or two My girl love these shoes.cute on her feet.I will be buying some more.I will recommend thee for any sneaker lover.
B0050UGDJC Good sneakers Comfy sneakers. Only problem is that light stops working after running through puddles. Both my boys did it and now it is regular unlighted sneaker
B0053A2M3A The best ,is very light weight This sneaker aee the best to go to the gym very light weight and comfortable ,look so beautiful and low profile
B0053A2M3A product arrived damaged The sneaker arrived with the sole separated from the bottom of the shoe in the back. The side of one sneaker was also damaged.
B005552422 Fair Value Smaller and tighter than expected. Looks OK. Construction quality is good.However, would never be confused with an expensive sneaker.
B00555248Q A solid shoe Worn these a few times a week for the past couple months. A good sneaker, though it doesn't have any arch support whatsoever. It does have a little cushion, so my feet don't hurt at the end of the day like they do with a pair of Converse All-Stars. This color combo also goes with just about everything.
B00555248Q Capturing my husbands youth! When I see these sneakers on my husband it makes me feel happy! He absolutely loves them! Awesome sneaker! My hubby is happy!
B0055528IM puma tx-3 i like the sneaker but i had to send it back for a smaller size otherwise i like it its a good buy
B0055528IM A great classic Amongst the many sneaker 'remakes' and 'revivals' this is the one I was really looking forward to. Had a pair at school as a teen and as a sneaker fan I've been waiting for Puma to bring them back. A true performance running shoe when introduced in 1985, today is a great a easy going option. Great service by Amazon as always !
B0055528IM excellent sneaker fits great, exactly as described, good looking, excellent sneakers, arrived at time. I really like it and will purchase one more pear.
B0055QV4G8 Great Sneaker for the Price! The old saying goes "you get what you pay for." However, the price of these leather sneakers are great. Sort of styled after Adidas Samba leather indoor turf sneakers, these sneakers have a low-cut sole that is great for motorsports and recreational sports alike. Comfortable and stylish nonetheless, these Pumas have a newly-designed lace cover up section so that the sides of the laces don't protrude or get in the way of outside objects, this also gives the sneaker a clean and sleek appeal.I would try and find your size before supplies run out as I had some difficulty over the course of three weeks trying to get a size 9. Overall, a good to great sneaker. Other similar footwear can only be worn so long before your feet become sore or blistered, these are not one of those sneakers. I found that even wearing them without ankle socks is efficient. I would recommend this for an extended period of time however, as feet can often play in the eventual destruction of the interior of the footwear.Great, worth the money!
B0055X9OO0 Retro 80's fashion with a twist Speeder sneaker tends to run 1/2 size smaller than usual.  I normally wear an 8 and the 8.5 pair had the best fit.  This style of sneaker also tends to run narrow as compared to other brands.  If you plan on washing them, use cold water/gentle wash.  I used warm water and ended up with a shrunken set of shoes.  All the more reason to replenish my Speeder supply!
B0058XE0GY VERY comfortable everyday shoe once broken in I've owned several pairs of Adidas Sambas but this is my first Puma comparable sneaker. I knew to order on the large side since these fit tight.After a day and a half of wearing they are like a comfortable glove.  Soft, light, and easy to lace and put on.  I like the feel and look.
B0058XE0GY I like Puma This sneaker is fantastic, but sometimes is takes my socks out of my foot. It's looks nice, doesn't smells at all, easy to clean it up.
B0058XE334 very nice high quality and look stylish!The best looking sneaker I have ever have.With white shoelace they look different and very gool too.I
B0058XEE88 Great sneaker. My daughter loved them Great sneaker.  My daughter loved them.  She won 8 medals including at the Penn Relays. Well purchase another pair.
B0058XF1V2 Sneaker with Velcro Would have liked the velcro closure tab to be a bit longer.  Currently it barely manages to close.  Otherwise it is a nice looking shoe & comfortable.
B0058XF1V2 Puma Sneaker Had to send back, did not like the fit or the innersole. Very uncomfortable, bought another type sneaker that was much better.
B0058XF1V2 HE SAYS ITS VERY COMFORTABLE AND FITS GREAT PLEASE CONSIDER PROVIDING IT IN A ... I PICKED THIS SNEAKER OUT FOR MY HUBBY, AND HE LOVES IT, HE SAYS ITS VERY COMFORTABLE AND FITS GREATPLEASE CONSIDER PROVIDING IT IN A NAVY BLUE SIZE 13 ALSO.
B0058XF1V2 just ok this puma sneaker is just ok, no more no less but it worth the money i spentremember one thing - puma brand has its own size chart!
B0058XF6Q2 Super mom This puma men's leather fashion sneaker are comfortables, my husband was suprised went I gave him the sneakers, the color is perfect.
B0058XFAMC Puma PUMA Drift Cat 4 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker,Rosso Corsa/White/Black... .. good product, i have recommended every product from Puma there are authentic made-up
B0058XFP86 Puma Men's OSU NM Sneaker These shoes are very light, very flexible, vey comfortable, and very convenient. They fit my feet perfectly and I don't need to tie the shoe laces anymore!!
B0058XFP86 ok I notice I have to walk in them after it feel right on my feet. Once I put them on they feel tight but once I start to walk it will stretch a little but after wearing it. The sneaker will go back to original size.I bought them to because I will be walking a lot to loose the weight plus I hate to tie my sneakers
B0058XFPLS Excellent Sneaker This is an outstanding sneaker.  For years I've liked both Puma and Fila sneakers.  My last 3 pairs of Filas seemed to wear out (sole) unusually fast...so I decided to try Puma again.  Good move.  These sneakers look good, are well constructed and, at the point where my last pair of Filas would be showing extreme wear, these sneakers are still in great shape with no signs of quitting.As with most Puma, they run a little small - so, for example, if you usually wear an 11, you might want to order a half or whole size larger in Puma.The construction is solid, fit is very comfortable.  I do not hesitate to recommend Puma.Vendor delivered on time and product arrived in good condition.
B0058XFXA6 Comfortable and fashion forward kicks! I have been buying Mostros since Puma created them and consider myself to be a sneaker junkie of all brands. I have some pairs of Mostros over 10 years old! These shoes are durable and comfortable, with an aggressive tread and stylish design. They mold to your feet and the option of having the velcro strap fastened or left open is great. However, these seemed to run larger than usual. They say women's but seem to run larger. For example, I wear at 10 in women's, but had to return these for an 8.5, because they would slide off. Overall, I highly recommend to all!
B0058XFYDC Fantastic Great sneaker, fast delivery. Loved everything about this purchase. My son has very large feet at thirteen he wears a mens 14. So stylish sneakers aren't always possible. I was excited to find these and will be shopping for more.
B0058XGDZA Light and Cool! It is a great sneaker, light as a feather, very much comfortable and it really looks good. It is difficult to walk by with those cool shoes on your feet without receiving cumpliments!
B0058XGQWU great looking shoe I bought this sneaker for my husband and he loves them.  The color is perfect (doesn't look like a sneaker so much) and he finds them very comfortable.  Overall we are very happy.
B0058XGUJ4 love my puma voltaic i bought this sneaker purely for fashion(looks), it looks great and i love how it feels, very comfortable while walking.
B0058XGZ94 Geat Item  Great Price The shipment of these were so fast. The item is exactly what I wanted. They are a great sneaker comfy and true to size
B0058XH4L2 Great Shoe Fits and walks like a sneaker, but still looks dressy enough to wear to work.As always, Puma is Great!!!!
B0058XH5D4 sneaker performance Purchased in Jan.of 2013, they are already wearing out on the inside; also top mesh is not holding up either. I don't feel it is a good quality sneaker, to wear out in such a short time. Something is lacking and I feel it's the quality.
B0058XH5D4 I like it I like this puma sneaker, it has great design and style and is comfortable. It has great support . .
B0058XH5D4 Nice fit Loved the style and very comfortable. This sneaker feels stable and has a complete insert rather than the standard sneaked tongue.
B0058XH5D4 What A Sneaker!! Great looking shoe!!  Feels great and looks good too!!  The photo of this sneaker was exact to what I received!!  Just love thelook!
B0058XH5PM Excellent fashion sneaker I swear I never liked any of my shoes like this one - it feels so comfortable and delivers an excellent fashion statement. Great great buy. I used to be a loyal Nike fan, but this one made me change my party. My next shoe purchase, very high chances will be another Puma.
B0058XH5PM Great slip-on sneaker I have been a full-time Chef for over 30 years now. On my days off, I like to feel comfortable and the slip-on Puma offers me just that! Very comfortable and stylish yet conservative. I will buy more for back-up should this sneaker, for whatever reason, should be discontinued. VERY HAPPY:)
B0058XH5PM Great! This sneaker, im not sure is a brand problem because i have had some before, but are kinda small...Not really a big problem. Just select a 0.5+ size.
B0058XH5PM looks great and comfortable only reason I didn't give a 5 star was that the sole grip is not great...its thin and narrow. however for a sneaker its okay...
B0058XH5PM Super I love these sneakers,I had a pair 10 years ago and these are spot on, Really comfortable skids and I liove the look. They are a stylish casual sneaker for hanging out. Cant beat the price becuause these are made very well.
B0058XH5PM puma I really like the sneaker. looks even better in person. puma quality.... well we'll see how it holds up with some use
B0058XH5PM I like it Nice sneaker, I like it. Feels good and are very comfortable. I'll purchase it again if I have the need
B0058XH5PM Great looking, very comfortable, reasonably priced. Product delivered early, packaged very well. Looks exactly as pictured. Looks a lot more expensive than they are. Very fairly priced. I'm very satisfied and would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a sharp looking, casual sport sneaker.
B0058XH5PM Great Fit! Great Fit, feel and very nice looking sneaker!! The style is fantastic!  A little snug around the top but with wear it stretched out to fit like a glove!
B0058XH5PM love it. Nothing to complaint about. the item as described, even better for me.  great material, great  look.i would totally recommend this amazing sneaker.
B0058XH5PM men's tergament sneakers The shoes are super thin and the sole of this sneaker is thin as well you would have more support wearing socks would make great house slipper but for this price you can buy 6 pairs of slippers
B0058XH5PM Great fit!!!! I am very pleased with my PUMA Tergament Fashion sneaker! It is as exactly as the seller described and made with perfect quality. I recommend this shoe to anyone that wants a snug lightweight durable sports sneaker.
B0058XHCDM Lightweight attractive sneaker I bought this shoe for running/working out. It is great, comfortable, lightweight, true to size, and stylish. Would recommend this product to anyone for fun or serous exercise!
B0058XHCDM Perfect sneaker I love them ! Finally a shoe with style and great fit , I have wide feet and these fit great
B0058XHCDM Awesome sneaker Very comfortable and lightweight. Color is great and wears well. Wish they had it in more colors. Not phenomenal quality but not bad for the price.
B0058XHEBM Pure Sneaker This is the sneaker you want if you don't want to break the bank. You've got style and comfort plus the original Puma look. I've found that Puma sneakers even at the correct foot size can be a tad bit tight going on (in width). This is a bonus because sneakers eventually stretch, so this extra grip prevents a flat fading of newness for look and feel. Depending on the jeans, the all white with black stripe or black with white stripe sneaker never misses.
B0058XHEBM Little small I wear a size 13 but in a pinch I could go with a 12.  This sneaker, that is marked 13, seems smaller than any sneaker that I have ever owned.  there is no toe room and the sneaker itself is very narrow.  the quality of the sneaker very good.  The picture of the sneaker indicates a white puma logo on the tongue but the sneaker I received did not have this logo,  All in all the sneaker is OK but not great.
B0058XHEBM a great sneaker I have 7 pair of puma sneakers.  the fit is perfect.  Great style.  This particular sneaker, although a great style, I had a problem with the fit.  Usually puma is unisex.  I wear an 8.5 mens and a 10W womens.  I believe I would have to go one whole size larger to get a proper fit.  Unforltunately, I had to return this.  I will try and find this style in a puma store to get the right fit.
B0058XHEBM Stylish I love this sneaker, it's very stylish and looks good on my feet. It also feels very comfortable & light.
B0058XHEBM Great Sneaker I was surprised at the almost exact fit.  Took advise from others who rated this Sneaker and ordered 1/2 size extra from 10.5 to 11. Very comfortable Sneaker.  I recommend
B0058XHEBM for the price Not leather. for the price i paid for 4 pairs of leather each. i will return. i cant see myself paying 55.00 for plastic name brand sneaker.
B0058XHEBM Great kicks Knew it was a solid purchase, have owned several pairs in various colours. On point with the Nike Cortez sneaker, slightly cheaper. Would recommend for both the gym and clinical setting.
B0058XHEBM A wonderful Puma Roma sneaker I love my new Puma Roma are very comfortable and very nice to walk but also are so fancy !!
B0058XHEBM Great sneaker! I'm glad that I read earlier reviews and ordered a 1/2 size larger as they are somewhat snug.  Other than that, they look, feel, and fit great!  Great sneaker for the Amazon price.
B0058XHEBM Love It My favorite sneaker - comfortable, stylish, well made and pretty supportive. I've owned a pair (many different ones) for at least 8 years.
B0058XHEBM Classic Sneaker, Nothing Fancy Here I've been a fan of Puma sneakers for several years. Roma's are the classic style from Puma. This is not the first pair of Roma's I have owned, nor will it be the last. I find them to fit very comfortably. They are my everyday sneakers. While they're not going to blow anyone's mind in the sense of fashion, they are classic and can go with many casual outfits. I wouldn't recommend them for running or any strenuous activities, as they aren't really designed for that, and you're likely to end up with blisters. For instance, I once wore them during a pickup basketball game (kind of spur of the moment, wasn't prepared). Ended up with some nice blisters on my feet. But from normal use, I've never experienced any discomfort.Looking for a classic, timeless sneaker? The Puma Roma is very comfortable for everyday use and a recommended buy.
B0058XIVRS Puma sneaks - thumbs down Although these sneakers look nice and the velcro closure is a plus for fast and easy on off; however the sneaker is very uncomfortable.  These sneakers have absolutely ZERO support and my sole shifted to the edge naturally so you are walking with part of your sole rubbing on the inside rim vs it being securely cupped in the center of the shoe.  These are too expensive to be so crappy.
B0058XJ9VK Puma Women's EL Ace Sneaker. These are great. Size was perfect, my wife loved them. I must say they are very white, and i would suggest treating them with water proofer or sneaker protective treatment before wearing them anywhere that is not concrete.
B0058XJH3U Nice!!! sneaker / running shoes a GREAT pair of sneakers. Light weight, comfortable and stylish.Good for long walks or just going out, casual dressing. I recommend them to anyone.
B0058XJPNW Puma Ferrari sneakers These look cool and are very light and confortable.  Be warned, they are narrower than the standard US designed sneaker, they look more European, so if this in an issue take note the pictures provided don't show it well.  Because they are skinny, get a half size larger. Slick looking and cool, you'll be the only one wearing them.
B0058XKUMM Why i Love Puma? This sneaker is a true fit,  With puma, i don't have to worry if the sneaker will fit. if it is a nine it fits like a nine.  I would recommend it to all my friends.
B0058ZYXFA PUMA Love! I bought these for a friend who needed a pair of sneakers. The shoes are comfortable and they are a great price for the quality sneaker that you receive. The picture is a lot darker than the actual shoe.
B00593Z8QO Excellent!!! Great sneaker!!!. I bought this sneaker for my daughter. She loved! This sneaker is simply fantastic. Very well finished and fine. Highly recommended the product and the seller.
B00594DEB4 Great casual sneaker Bought these in this color and black, and love them both.  I tried on a bunch of puma styles and these look the best on me for casual outfits (jeans and tops).  I was looking for a sneaker that was comfortable for errands, etc without looking like I kept my running shoes on.
B00595JO44 Excellent! Great and confortable sneaker, very soft, Love the footprint and the color, currently my favorite puma sneaker. I'm considering buying it in other colors if they become available.
B00595JOOY Awesome Sneaker This sneaker is really nice. Standard leather materials! Like it!!! I would recommend it to anyone who like beautiful thing.
B00595JOOY I like the sneaker I'm 64 years old. I like the sneaker. I took a chance on something new & different. I am very pleased with my choice.
B00595JOOY sneaker don't fit This Puma men's Vedano leather fashion sneaker looks very nice, but I allways use 8D in shoes and this one  is good only in the long side  but very narrow  in the wide side. I think i will send it back.
B00595JOOY Puma Vedano - Cool Shoe at a Cool Price The reason for the purchase was simple...it a great looking fashion sneaker. I had already purchased the black and wanted the brown.
B00595JOOY Kool fashion sneaker. I wanted to get a new pair of shoes that were both comfortable and stylish enough that it might attract a few looks. Paired with jeans, these really add a sense of style/creativity and also gave me the comfort that I was looking for.
B00595JOOY Looks Amazing!! Its comfortable. Fit is perfect, im 8.5D (M).The shoe looks so professional. It can pass as a dress shoe. Yet it feels like a walking sneaker. Very sleek and as the name says 'fashionable'Im a med student and it helps with the look for rotations, group meetings, comfy and classy.
B00595JOOY Nice shoes It is a comfortable and fashionable sneaker...recommend it highly.
B00595JOOY PUMA Men's Vedano Leather Fashion Sneaker,Black/Black/Ribbon Red,8.5US/ D... Puma shoe comfort and pleasing to the eye and touch of excellent quality and durability, adjusted exactly as requested, I highly recommend it to any user, can be used casually as a sports
B00595JOOY Puma I really like that sneaker. It has a special color and it is nice to have it on.I recommended
B00595JOOY Love the colour!!!!! It was the colour that the first drew me to this sneaker.I showed my husband who is a very big puma fan ( he has about 8 pairs already!)He was looking for a new pair that he could wear for more classy events.He was not disappointed when he opened the box or when he wore them a couple of nights later. A very comfortable fit.
B0059BH6H0 Great red sneakers Very comfortable and don't look like any sport type sneaker. Just what I was looking for at  great price..Got black and red laces also to go with the sneaks.
B0059BISWM Love these Puma's! Very light and confortable.I would recommend these for anyone wanting a light, well made, running sneaker. I was not too sure how these would fit, but they fit snug and sized right. So no need to get that 1/2 size bigger. Great price too!!
B0059BIU98 PUMA Men's 2ND Round Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker Great shoe that was more plain than I thought but recipient very happy with the product. Would buy this shoe again.
B0059BJES4 These are my favorite sneaker. Own them in many colors! I suffer with various foot problems and finding the perfect shoe is difficult. I found the Puma sneaker and loved them so much that I purchased 5 more pairs in various colors. Love these and the purple color is gorgeous!
B0059BJF7E So Comfy! I love myPUMA Women's Maya Noreaster Fashion Sneakers!  I bought them because I knew they'd look great with black, which I wear a lot of, and be a nice change from my normal, neutral-colored shoes.  They're even cuter on than I'd imagined and so comfortable - very light, supple, breathable, and cushion-y.  The one drawback is that they don't have much arch support.  So far this has not been an issue, though, and could easily be remedied with inserts.  As advised by other reviewers, I bought a half-size larger than normal and they're a perfect fit.Keep in mind that this is an everyday sneaker, NOT an athletic shoe.  That said, I could walk in these all day and my feet would be very happy.
B005B2H1FE Very functional shoes. These shoes are as cool as any pumas but what really sets them apart from others is that they are comfortable when being worn a long time and the grip from the soles is exceptional.  Very good (light) cross-trainer and fashion sneaker.
B005B2H1FE Quite comfortable This sneaker feels very lightweight and comfortable. Rated 4 stars because only one set of laces supplied. I would have liked a pair of navy laces as well. Not a big deal anyway. I highly recommend them.
B005B2H1FE Good shoe, great price Can't complain, the price was right at under $30. They are a suprisingly decent sneaker. Mine were just a hair small, not by much and they broke in just fine. Typically using them to walk the dogs, maybe run a little on paved and unpaved terrain. Shoe adapts well to both. I gave them a 4 star rating because you can tell they aren't a $120 sneaker, but they are a good sneaker, especially if you are on a tight budget.
B005CK4QE4 Great sneaker I bought a pair of sneakers for my 4 years old granson. They are so adorable,light, comfortable. He didn't want to get them out. The size is true. He is sise 10. I bought him size 10.5 and they will be great for summer. This feet look great. And he likes the color. I  will recomend it to my friends
B005CK4QE4 Puma sneaker I absolutely love them so did my son. They are comfortable and are stylish for my son. That's all ye wants to wear! Great service.
B005CKB0WA Puma Sneaker, blue Love these shoes..I bought them a half size too big so my toddler had room to grow. They are super durable, easy to get on and match everything my son wears!
B005CKB0WA a great little sneaker This sneaker is well-made and is lightweight. My son runs securely while wearing them and I also have many grownups stopping us in the street to deliver compliments on how stylish they are. Two thumbs up!
B005CKB0WA Great boys sneaker This is my sons third pair.  He just loves running in these shoes.  Very comfortable and long lasting.
B005CKB0WA Puma Power Love the look and fit of this sneaker and my daughter can put them on herself which is even better.  Looks and feels sturdy so wear and tear will last until she grows out of them.  Would recommend for price, look and comfort.
B005COWQH4 Good everyday sneaker Excellent everyday sneaker. Very comfortable and true to size. I wouldn't recommend for running, personally not enough support but great for being on feet during the day and around house.
B005CVL8OE Great Sneaker I purchased these sneakers for my godson and they fit perfectly. I was very happy with my purchase they look wonderful and they came really quick. Great deal
B005CVLLUA Cute Sneaker The Maeko S V fashion sneaker from Puma is a Cute Sneaker and fits my sons great! totally recommended! i think Puma is a half size smaller though. Quality is good as well.
B005CVWYPG So glad I ordered Love this sneaker! Looks great, fits great! Shipped/received on time. Thought they were very pricey for a toddler sneaker, but worth every penny! Thank you!
B005CVWYPG PUMA Tallula Glamm V Kids Sneaker, 8 Pink/Purple/White I bought these for my daughter. They are freaking adorable! Very stylish! And I love that it's just one velcro strap across the top!!
B005CVWYPG Puma Tallula Glamm V Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),White/Hot... Puma's sneakers are great.  Great quality, very confortable, and the design is the right one (it's not just a basic sneaker).  Excellent product and price.
B005CVY9RW Puma fashion sneaker This pair of shoes just really caught my eye. They are so cute, I had to buy them for my baby girl who's due to make her grand entrance into the world real soon!! Also, I liked the Velcro straps for easier access. I bought them in a bigger size to make sure she'll be able to fit them. Can't wait to try them on her!!
B005CVY9RW thks PUMA Drift Cat 4 Lw Crib Fashion Sneaker (Infant/Toddler/Little Kid/Big. fits perfect, i love it, would recommend it to my friends
B005DTS9SS A nice sneaker for my wife. My wife felt in love with this beautiful and confortable sport shoes at first sight. But, just one trouble... ours three daugthers want dress the same shoes not just for sporting... in casual ocasions, too.
B005FWV85O Puma Women's Winning Diva Fashion Sneaker,White/Raspberry Rose/Orange these shoes are very comfortable. They look very feminine. I love the colors. excellent quality. I used the size chart to select my size and they fit perfect. I am very happy with my purchase.
B005IKJ2D8 Puma Sneaker Arrived perfectly and in great gift giving box! Just as advertised, great experience. I would definately do this again :)
B005OKOXYK Good shoe, good price, win win! I'm a big fan of the Puma clyde shoe. I love the style and they work great as a more subtle casual sneaker. When not donning a pair of dress shoes at work, or flip flops in the summer, I'm often wearing these sneaks. The size seems slightly larger than some other brands, so I'd recommend going a half size down from your typical casual sneaker.
B005OKOXYK Great buy Gray color is pretty neat...fits well, love the design and look of the sneaker.  Wish there was a little more arch support, otherwise definitely recommend!
B005OMEGTA The shoes are dream to wear. I bought these men's Puma Mostro  Mesh Fashion Sneaker as they fit my foot, a ladies foot better than the ladies shoes did,
B005ON2G96 Great Sneaker Love these sneakers.  They ran true to size for me and they're the most comfortable sneakers I've had in a long time!  You can't miss on this one!
B005OS7VPA Pum Sneaker I am very enthused about this shoe -- it is attractive and very comfortable--even for walking.  I hope I can find more made like that with a wider toe. Anita
B005OT0VDS so cute! the green is a tad bit brighter very comfy and wide love them they are my fav! would recommend im about to buy them in another color...the fit is true to size the lazy sneaker i found was a bit snuggier
B005OT0XFO Sizes different Great shoes! Just different sizes than the normal puma sneaker. I'm a 10 In sneaker and it's always been snug. A 10 in these my feet come out a lot. They are a lot bigger.
B005OT9Q98 Great affordable sneaker I go running in these and have never experienced any issues. They are very comfortable, great design, and simple. My favorite part is they are so lightweight.
B005OTA9R6 Upsetting!! The sneaker is clumsy to dance in, very upset about and does not allow the freedom to dance easily.  It was a chore the entire night and do not think I will ever wear again - would love to send back and get something different!!
B005OTA9R6 Love the style I really like the style of the sneaker but they fit a little snug.  I recommend that you go another 1/2 size larger.
B005PVNAT2 Affordable Clubhouse sneaker I bought two pairs, one of this and one of the Reeboks to where when I get done playing golf and venture in the clubhouse. They are a comfortable shoe, get plenty of people asking "how much" so..I swear I can set up my own sneaker shop just by placing orders on here. THey were something like $40 I think at the time of purchase..they are a much better quality than the sneakers that were purchased at Wally-world but not the same quality as Foot Locker....however, with amazon selling sneakers, there's no reason to go and pay $100+. My suggestion....you've been wearing them same holy sneakers for x amount of time; what's another couple days of waiting for these to arrive?
B005R506IO casual style for girls This sneaker is casual and stylish.  My daughter loves the colors and comfort. I do not consider it to be a running shoe however.
B005R506IO Perfect! I had no complaints whatsoever and the sneaker packaging was so cute. No complaints whatsoever about this sneakers and packaging.
B005R506IO Not best looking but they get the job done Bought these sneaker for my daughter to wear to school. Not best looking but they get the job done.
B005R531DG Great looking sneaker! Not much more to say.  I like them, my son likes them.  He hasn't worn them yet, but he's worn a number of Pumas, so I'm confident they'll be fine!  Pumas seems to hold up bit better than other brands my son has worn.
B005S0PF1G Loooove puma I ordered this sneaker for my lil boy. Its the third puma shoes i have ordered. And just now i finish my new fourth order from puma. Really comfortable and elegent. Highly recommend
B005S0QEXE Sole fell apart... Nice looking pair of sneaker and my son looks great in them. However, one month after buying the sole stated to come apart. I expected a better lasting product.
B005S0QEXE Puma disappointment I brought the sneaker for two reasons 1 because I thought they would be light weight they were.second reason I thought the would last long but the sole of the sneaker is coming off myson did not have a lot of wear because he had two other pairs so I was disappointed
B005S0QEXE Product Feedback i totally love this sneaker, my son looks so cute in it, it fits comfortably and it is very fashionable.
B005ZFCUIA Comfortable Very very comfortable sneaker. I walk and run, works for both! I love them, most comfy sneaker I have had!
B005ZFCUIA Too small in the toe Normally a 10 fits me perfectly, these fit like a small 9. It is a good looking sneaker, just no room.
B005ZFCUIA Very nice This is a nice spring and summery sneaker, this sneaker is comfortable and looks good. If u r tired of this wintry weather, these sneakers with the different pops of color will lift your spirits. A cheery pair of Pumas:-)
B005ZFCUIA greatest sneaker ever very comfortable and fits perfect,I love the style and I will always buy PUMA.It is everything I expect in a great fitting sneaker.
B005ZFCUIA So happy I purchased this sneaker. They are supportive, light, comfortable and head turners! I highly recommend them for the price too
B005ZFCUIA BEST SNEAKER I AM A SNEAKER WHORE....I LOVE THEM ALL IVE TRIED THEM ALL I AM OVER 40 YEARS OLD NOW AND I THINK I HAVE FOUND A NEW ALLTIME FAVORITE, COMFORTABLE CAN NOT BEGIN TO DESCRIBE THEM
B005ZFCUIA Great sneaker, small fit Sneaker is definitely worth the money, very comfortable fit although it would be nicer to have more room on the top of my foot, doesn't cause any discomfort.
B006JTMEI2 Hot Sneakers was cute and funky my niece loved them and I liked that they wasn't bulky. A very smooth sneaker yet I don't have to worry about her getting them dirty!!!
B006QO2SFO What a Cool Sneaker I took a chance as this was a warehouse deal at an awesome price! I love the shoes - wonder why others stated that the color was different from the picture - as mine were exactly what I expected - they are a dressy sneaker type - perfect for casual nights out and when I run errands - very happy!
B006QO2XP4 Nice Sneaker I was surprised when received sneaker of how nice they look and how perfect they fit. Sneaker is true to image and true to size. I really like and would recommend.
B006QO2XP4 Puma sneaker I have a similar pair that I wear for 8 years now...this is a very nice replacement! These are comfortable and sleak looking.
B006QOI9G6 Puma Women's El Ace Ballet Dots Fashion Sneaker,Black I just love them, they are really comfortable. They will be great for the long hot summer we have here in Australia.
B006QOIEY8 Perfect color . . . I was looking for a sneaker with these colors for the longest time. So glad that I found these. Great buy!
B006QOIP88 Great Shoes These sneaker are light, comfortable and cool looking.  I wear them casually and for running.  Great pair of sneakers to buy.
B006QOJ8PM Nice Sneaker nothing much to say but they are Ok and fits fine wished they had some in all black not a big fan of white shoes, but hey they were on sale and cheap, price not shoes
B006QOJ8PM Nice sneaker Really nice sneaker...very sharp looking.  Ordered a half size bigger than I normally get and it fits well.  With so many sneakers out there to choose from, I always go to my good old reliable Pumas.
B006QOJ8PM great light weight shoe this sneaker has just the right amount of support and yet it is lightweight with a classic elegant style. Excellent.
B006QOJ8PM Excellent Sneaks I don't usually post such great review but this sneaker is one of the best I've owned in a long time. Please order one size larger as I did I before ordering after reading reviews on this board.
B006QOJ8PM Husband Loves them. My husband is VERY picky when it comes to shoes. He had a pair of these years ago and had since worn them out. We tried 5+ different brands styles of sneaker and he just didn't like them. We ended up with these again and he is so happy to find them. We can't find this style in any store anymore so this was a treat for him! They fit true to size and have great foot support.
B006QOJ8PM great sneaker comfortable sole and sneaker. nice lines in design and fit well. would recommend for a casual sneaker but not great for athletics
B006QOJDAW Super uncomfortable I was very excited when i ordered sneakers. But i was highly disappointed when i saw this one.! Not expecting this kind of shape,design and comfort from Puma. This sneaker is very uncomfortable. I wont recommend it for anyone.!
B006QOJSXE Puma Women's Winning Diva Ballerina Fashion Sneaker Great little casual shoe for wearing anywhere really, comfy and light while not making your feet to hot.Pleased with my purchase.
B006QOK6TY Puma Women's Janine Dance Flower Fashion Sneaker, Linestone Grey/Puma- very good shoe - works well! They seem fine - just started wearing them to exercise class.  Like them.  Great shoe for the cost - thanks.
B006QOK6TY Can't go wrong with Puma's I tend to love classic brands and Puma's live's up to the expectations.  The sneaker is light and more attractive in person.  I'm going to try to find this brand in another color...maybe a pink.  Cute summer sneaker.
B006QOK6TY The normal Puma fit There is much about this sneaker that I really like-it's lo profile and fits as expected- bit small like all Pumas. The problem for me is the big swoosh-it's too garish, too bright, shiny and silly looking. I sent them back. I would feel foolish and juvenile in them.
B006QP37LW Very nice sneaker Looks much better in person. I have gotten so many compliments and they make my feetlook smaller than they really are. I wear a size 11 so that is a plus.
B006QP3CCQ Dark Blue These are still very beautiful shoes, but not purple. Tight fit.  Navy in color.  Puma Women's Glyde Mid Fashion Sneaker.
B006QPN3ZW Beautiful and comfortable! Could not be happier with this purchase! It's the first sneaker i have ever owned thats makes me wanna go out and buy one of those special shoe conditioning creams!
B006QPN3ZW Well..... I really like the Puma style and when I saw  the Puma Men's Drift Cat 4 BMW Sneaker I had to have a pair. Amazon had them at a very competitive price so I orderedI am disappointed because the shoes are very narrow and tight fitting. They are of fine quality just very thin, with a glove like fit.I wear a size 8.5 but feel like I should have order these a size larger.I will probably wear them every once and again on weekend summer drives in my BMW 330Ci
B006QPN3ZW Puma Drift Cat 4 BMW Sneaker is everything I hoped! Was looking for something comfortable for both active lifestyle (dancing, walking long distances, or just relaxing). This shoe did everything it was supposed to, all the while keeping me looking stylish and fresh. Love the design. Quality is good (so far). Feet are comfortable. The only issue I had was that I am a girl and was hoping to get it in a size that would better fit me, but this was the smallest it came in. It said 23.5 cm, and it was a bit too big for me. I guess I'll just wear thicker socks! :)
B006QQ0WYG Puma Drift Cat 4 SF Carbon Fashion Sneaker very good product over all original.comfortable and light came on time and fast. I recommend it is a safe and reliable shopping.
B006QQ0Y7G Puma Future Cat M2 Weave Fashion Sneaker,Black/Dark Shadow/Red courts are very comfortable,and what I like most is the design that have......
B006QQ11IM They made my feet look big. I had to return them because they were a little big. They also made my feet look big so I wasn't satisfied with the sneaker.
B006QQ13DU awesome! this is just an awesome shoe overall! very lightweight and comfortable. plus this is probably the best puma sneaker I've ever seen.
B006QQ14NY Outstanding Sneakers Great Sneaker , very attractive hard to find this model , they are so nice you don't even wear them. I would advise getting size larger than you normally where , also keep in mind that this is drivers shoe , so they are some what narrow. A must have sneaker for any puma fan.
B006QQ1C5E Style and Fashionable Very sleek and fashionable appearance...very comfortable...although not recommended for wide-footed people...i had to return them once for a bigger size to accomodate the tight-fit,front part of the shoe. Great sneaker regardless. Five Stars!
B006QQ1DKS Puma Men's Driving Power 2 Mid SF Fashion Sneaker The pumas were great these are the second pair I bought for my husband he fell asleep in them. He wears them for driving and he loves the ankle support it gives, he wants them in every color. Highly recommended.
B006QQI76Q Great sneaker The person this sneaker was purchased for said they were extremely comfortable and fit perfectly.  There were no complaints about the sneakers.
B006W1DT1I Puma Jiyu2 Fashion sneaker, size 12. Stylish, comfortable and structured for little growing feet. Ideal for everyday wear. Judging from this being her third pair,  they should stand up to everyday roughing and abuse
B006W1DT1I We love it It is a real fashion sneaker, somewhat tight, but after a few days it fits ok.My boy love it so do I.
B006WBB4D8 Runs small I was really looking forward to a flat that was as comfortable as a sneaker. They ran very small and don't have much cushion of support.
B006WBUL1Y So comfy I bought the H street ballet sneaker for a quick comfy slip on sneaker to run out the door in.  But, it was so comfortable, I bought a second pair.  No need to break them in and I can walk miles and miles in them.  Best shoes I've ever owned.
B0071BW9KK problem w back of sneaker the sneaker looks great and fits well however the back of the sneaker is curved in too close to the back of the ankle above the heel and rubs when you walk and move causing the skin to become raw or even can cause a blister. I have to put a bandage to prevent the sneaker from rubbing
B0071QJ2PK Big girl sneakers We wanted a pink sneaker and this certainly lives up to that description.  My daughte loves her snekers (she is 5) and now that she knows to tie, these are great.
B0071QJ2PK Puma Benecio Glitzer Sneaker Granddaughter loved them.  Little roomy in the toe area. Use your own judgement when ordering.Otherwise perfect for the price.
B0071RGWAM Good Quality My daughter loves this sneaker! She loves the color ad the puma symbol on the side of the sneaker. It is easy to clean.
B00721GPCW nice sneaker for toddlers The major plus for this product the sneaker goes no very easy and stays on which is a plus. And it looks nice to and good quality.
B0073IW118 Great cross trainer I read lots of sneaker reviews before I ended up with these.  They fit great, are very light, and work for a variety of exercises.
B0073XIITC Great workout shoe I really like the Puma Tazon 5 sneaker. I do workout DVD's and these have been great. I really love the look-it's getting hard to find sneakers that aren't wild/bright  colors.
B0073XIITC Puma sneaker I like the Puma style, that is why I bought these for colder weather., found that this particular sneaker runs smaller, had to return and get a size 9, am usually a size 8.5.amazon was great with the return..
B0073XIITC Pretty good on style and fit It's not quite as comfortable as my previous sneakers that were my "go to" New Balance pair for walking, but only on the foot that I broke a few months ago and which is still healing, so giving it a chance. The other foot is great! That's why I didn't send it back. I also own a couple of pairs of the same Puma sneaker (not this one), that I've had for years. I love the sleek look of this particular shoe and while it is not the new neon style, it really fits my own style!
B0077C0KYA Puma Trinomic Trail Lo Sneaker,Black/Warm Olive/Dark Shadow,Men's 10 D It fits me perfectly and the shipping was fast. The shoe itself is very light don't feel must weight on your feet. I like its design and how comfortable the shoe is.
B0077CLM2E Great sneaker! Just what I expected from Puma. This sneaker is comfortable, stylish and it is leather. The price from Amazon is outrageously good also. Great product, great price.
B0077CLOK4 Good sneaker Very light, stylish sneaker.  Feels a little on the thin side but have been wearing them for a few months now and still look and feel great
B007IJQ6P4 Stylish sneaker Great hi-top sneaker. Stylish and comfortable . I bought a second one to have for the future!This one is a winner!
B007IW7LLE Great Value I love this sneaker. I'm not in need of a high tech shoe - I do mostly cardio and some weight training. This shoe is very comfortable and is priced right. I like the way the sneakers look too - don't feel or look bulky on. I looked on line and compared many training sneakers and decided to take a chance on these without actually trying them on. I made a wise decision.
B007IWIH1W Great casual sneaker I usually wear a size 8, and the size 8 fit fine. The shoe is narrow, so I do not recommend for wide feet. They are pretty comfortable as a casual sneaker. I would not use them for athletic purposes, but that was to be expected. These have a little arch so they aren't fla but a person that needs more of an arch support may need to get inserts.
B007IXCZZU Cute sneaker if you don't want something bulky This is my third pair of Puma fashion sneakers. They are great when you want something a little less bulky than your average sneaker. They take some breaking in, but once they do, they are comfy. Not a ton of support, but that is to be expected. Overall I am very happy with them and will buy a similar pair when these wear out in a year or two!
B007IXCZZU Puma Women's Talulla Fashion Sneaker My wife loves them. She can't wait to use them with black tights. They look great and it came with a cool carry bag.
B007IXCZZU Puma Women's Talulla Fashion sneaker I expected these sneakers to be flexible and comfortable, but they are stiff and fit very snug, definitely get 1/2 size larger in this sneaker. It does not have any give to the leather and they are not that comfortable. Maybe they need some breaking-in. Not what I expected from Puma. Kind of narrow also, but it look good.
B007J58WA4 Nice Sneaker it was my mistake to order them, I ordered a size more ... but I love it , Great color , comfortable , soft , pretty , elegant , good finish ,
B007J5AFKO cool sneakers with that pop factor love these fly sneaker brogues I wear them often very comfortable. good heel traction as well for walking  in the wet conditions.
B007JASSYO Puma Men's Future Cat Sneaker Just in time, great service and fast, I hope to continue doing business with this company.They are comfortable and pretty
B007MAYD2C nice sneaker I like the look of these and love just the faint bit of glitter on the very serious gray part. They fit nicely.
B007MAYD2C Puma Steeple Glitter V Sneaker These shoes were perfect! They looked exactly like the pic and as described. My daughter loves them and she says that they are very comfortable to go on "walks" with mom & dad.
B007MAYD2C Poor Materials used The sneaker has a light glittering mesh over most of it, which is what makes it sparkly. Within 1 to 2 months, this mesh starts having holes - large worn out spots.
B007MF7IRY Recommended I thought it will be smaller than a normal size, but it is a great sneaker from PUMA, very comfort to wear it all the way and good for driving, furthermore it is lightweight.
B007PK5T0Y Comfortable and Nice I am a sneaker freak!!! I love them. The color and the design are beautiful. They can only be used for the track. Any other surface and they will be too slippery to handle. I like them.
B007Q36ALC this is a great sneaker love this and would recommend it to anyone. This fit perfectly and I love the design. I love the fact that it was a velcro sneaker.
B007Q36U4Y my son  sneaker my son love this sneaker it fit well and certainly he will travelling to canada with a it really feel comfortable
B007SLGLX4 Great kids sneaker Cute sneaker that is comfortable. Best part is that my son who is almost 3 can put them on by him self.
B007SLGLX4 great shoe! this shoe held up much better than most of my daughter's sneakers. would buy again when she outgrows this sneaker.
B007SLGLX4 Nice sneaker It was a gift for my nephew and he loved it. He looks great with it. Item arrived as scheduled, everything is ok, i recommend.
B007SM2L3M Nice sneaker My daughter loves them. I am not a fan of this style. But, they are well made. Run 1 size small. We had to exchange them. Colors are pretty. Suede gets dirty easy. But I don't expect anything else from a10 yrs old. Overall  5 stars! Great price on amazon.
B007UM8E1S nice This sneaker is worth the price, I bought them for my husband and he loves them as wellthey look just the same as in the photo and they look neat on his foot.
B007VL3IBE Just what I needed! The Puma 76 Runner sneaker is very comfortable shoe and my feet are delighted. The design is great, so great that I have purchase this same sneaker in four different colors.  I recommend it.
B008A6BLMW PUMA Woman's Madeira Fashion Sneaker I love the fit and comfort of this sneaker and the platform is a perfect size. I gave it a four star rating due to my preferences - the hot pink and black is nice but it doesn't go with everything. I would buy more of them if they came in solid colors, I.e., all black, all white, all bone, all red, etc. I bought the black and hot pink ones and I will be changing the hot pink shoe laces to black.
B008A6BLMW PUMA Women's Madeira Fashion Sneaker,Black I really like these sneakers.  Fit true to size for me.  Gives a great lift....not too high.  Sexy looking sneakers.  Fast and accurate delivery.
B008A6BPJQ Love These Nice color. Puma is the only sneaker that fits me well and is super comfortable. I was going to purchase these from Puma for double the price. Glad I thought to check Amazon first.
B008A6BPJQ A stylish, casual sneaker at a value price I generally don't love sneakers and only really wear them for working out at the gym because I have to.  I realized I didn't have a pair of &#34;casual&#34; sneakers, and thought it make sense to have such a pair.  I can't wear ballet flats and flip flops ALL the time!  I previously purchased two pairs of Puma running sneakers and love that Puma offers athletic shoes with a sense of style that certain other brands typically lack.  I thought I would give the Munsters a try since the reviews were generally positive, and it looked like a cute casual sneaker in the photos.  I ordered the light gray color for the spring/summer months and think they can nicely match a lot of outfits.  I wore them on my recent vacation and will also be wearing them on my next one.  The only slight downside to the Munsters is the fact that they need some time to break in.  I feel they are true-to-size, but for me, they rubbed against the back of my ankles a bit on the first few wears.  Give them a little time - it's worth it for the price and the style!
B008A6JOWQ Great sneaker for the gym! I am very pleased with this sneaker.  Very comfortable and great for workouts at the gym.  Lightweight, too!  Its fun to look at, also, when you're on the floor doing ab work.
B008A6JWU0 satisfied customer Fit so comfortable, best long wear sneaker so far my friends like it so light i am buying another colour and I recommend this seller
B008A6K4HU Very poor arch support. I love PUMA but this sneakers had a horrible fit and no support in one of the arches.  I have never worn a sneaker that turned in my arches.
B008A6KTKC good sneaker Very comfortable and light. I haven't run on them yet, but happy with them for weights and regular machine cardio for now
B008A6KTKC Great sneaker! Love these sneakers...wonderful colors and they fit so well...could walk in them all day...very stylish, you will enjoy these shoes...highly recommend them!
B008A6KTKC Beautiful design! I bought this sneaker for a cruise to the Grand Turks. They held up perfectly in the heat and sand and water! Comfortable and breathable!
B008A6KTKC Fun sneaker! These are such fun sneakers! They are somewhat comfy. I would suggest wearing a thin sock or no sock due to the inlay of mesh.
B008A6KTKC Comfy I liked the look, the colors and the support/cushioing.  I ended up returning them because the top part is like a sock you have to slip your foot into.  I could not be bothered.  Takes too long.  Also, with all the cushioning in the back of the heel, the sneaker slipped a bit in the back.
B008A6KTKC Larger than sized I have always worn 7.5.  These were extremely tight around my entire foot then there was about a whole inch from my toe to the tip of the sneaker.  Little support.
B008AILF9Y Great Sneaker The PUMA RS200 Lite Fashion Sneaker are amazing!!!Super Confortable.Walk with the PUMA RS200 is the best for my foot.
B008AILKZ8 Cool looking and stylish sneaker The fit is true to size with wiggle room as expected for the style. Clean and cool looking on as they look on-line. Happy with the purchase - haven't had any issues with Puma sneakers at all!
B008AJOHXO PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big BMW Very nice, good looking, classy sneaker! Fit is true to size or possibly order a 1/2 size up but no more. On a scale of 1-10 i give this sneaker a 10. Beautiful. Buy a pair.
B008AJZ5OO Request. Please put the "PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big SF NM Fashion Sneaker" in an 8.5 US size. I REALLY WANT THEM! Thank you.
B008AL2UCC PUMA men's Attaq Fashion Sneaker This Puma Men's Attaq Sneaker are superligth weight and fit like a glove over the foot , beside they style look like a shoe and are nice and comfrot to wear , As soon as I wear them and walk with them I thought I wa kicking instead because of the ligthweight of the sneaker and the sole are hard good for the ground.
B008ALI936 Perfect to dress This Puma Fashion Sneaker is a very good product, fit perfect and look great and very conformtable to dress.I recommend 100% to buy.
B008ALI936 great shoe! Perfect for a dressier sneaker, very comfortable! My husband loves them and plans to take the shoes on vacation to wear with slacks in the evening.
B008ALI936 PUMA  Sneaker Love this shoe!  Great comfortable fit and a great look at a good price!Thinking about buying a second pair.
B008ALI936 Go up one whole size to ensure a proper fit. The sneaker is sleek, cute and is understated stylish with a real comfort for commuter traveling and a transferable wear appeal.  You can wear these with dress pants to work, to the gym or out with a pair a jeans.  I really do love these Black on Black sneaks.  They don't look large either.  Very very gooood!!!! &#60;3
B008AWU21W nice sneaker get your corect size.these are slip on.picture looks like they have velcro straps. am glad i got them. price ok . i took out insoles annd put in my own .sneakers fit fine now. problem solved.i am very happy with these sneakers .
B008AWU21W It is the best puma It is very stylish but it is larger than my other puma sneaker shoes. So you can order half or one small number
B008AWYIXU One unique style I love this sneaker,it's one of it's own and I have not seen anyone wearing around South Africa.Can't wait to shine in it.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Sneaker!! fits well. i wear them now and then! goes well w/ my flyers gear of the Chickies and Petes shirts!!!!
B008AXTOQ0 Great looking/fitting sneaker. First Puma I've had in over 30 years. Tried them out due to customer feedback and am not disappointed. Love them!
B008AXTOQ0 Great style and comfort It's nice to follow trend with all the neon sneaker colors but these sneaks are very comfy and fit well, which is hard to find in some brands. Also, I can easily be found within a crowd if people look down for my feet!
B008AXY38Y Great Looking and Comfortable My Husband Loves this sneaker, We have purchased them before and this style and fit is always a winner with him. We will be ording them in Black as well.
B008AZD5ZE Fits perfect! This sneaker fits me perfect as most Puma's do. At first I didn't like the toe area not being mesh but when it was raining I enjoyed not having my feet soaking wet!
B008AZG59W Puma sneakers Excellent sneaker for the price. Very comfortable and no break in necessary. I would by them again in a heartbeat
B008B0MGQ2 Great sneaker Extremely comfortable and styling as well. Liked them so much I ordered another pair. Great price as well. Hold up well too.
B008F063BM Great fit When I first looked at this sneaker I thought it would be too small but in reality it fit like a glove. It is very comfortable and I would buy PUMA again.
B008F06A5Q Not what I wanted Not what I wanted, but still a very well made sneaker. pretty blue, but the red wasn't what I thought it was going to be. Great padded footbed was a plus! Returned with no problems though!
B008F0LPDS Good "fashion" sneaker, just don't expect it to be more. Its a good sneaker, but really lacks any support. As long as you take it for what it is you won't be disappointed. If you walk or run on the insides of your feet the lack of support becomes evident real quick. Overall the look and quality of the sneaker is great, just don't try and run with them.
B008F0O0S0 Light, comfortable, and got me compliments... Nice slipperlike sneaker.Semi light and very flexible.Some people may prefer more arch and support.  I like them for the gym and treadmill/walking.
B008F17R2K Looks better in person Love this sneaker.  The commercial definitely motivated me to buying it.  Feels like Im walking on a bubble.  Cant wait to run in the spring time.
B008F17R2K Best Sneaker Wear. I saw this sneaker on Amazon and went to the store to try them on and right away this pair of runners stole my feet's desire to take off in them. So I bought them on the spot and now I'm walking, running, jumping, and still deciding what else to do in them since they are so comfortable and look really good with jeans and running gear as well, of course. I gotten great compliments and will order another pair just as soon as I need to, but this time I will order here at Amazon.com. Bravo Puma Grrrrrrrr't Sneaker's.
B008L717ME Pumas LOVE these shoes.My favorite sneaker right now. They are very slender though so if you have a larger foot I would not buy.
B008QY1X0S Great fit very comfortable! Great fit and very comfortable, These golf shoes appear to be very well made, would like to find the same in a sneaker ... highly recommended.
B008RAGKBS sneakers are made small im a 10 1/2 in every sneaker ive worn for the kast 20 years and these were way too tight
B008U5K7EQ Nice Great toddler sneaker true to size, perfect. Was looking for an all white sneakers without lace and was very glad I stumbled upon this.
B008VUJBLA Red sneaker I often buy boys sneakers for myself since they are often cheaper than buying womens adult sneakers, and decided to give these a try.I bought these sneakers in red - the color is bright and the shoes overall seem to be a good quality. They are slightly snug, but not enough for me to want to go up another 1/2 size - I'm hoping that since they are a suede that they will stretch a bit with time. If I was buying them for a kid I probably would go up a 1/2 size. These are narrow and I would not recommend for someone with wide feet. For the most part they are comfortable, but don't expect a lot of arch support in a boys sneaker. The sole is a nice pattern - no slipping.
B0098IBSTM it 'auight!!! Thought the sneaker was real leather! First pair of Puma! May not be the last. Still training for my triathlon with them though
B0098IBSTM comfortable sneaker this sneaker is different! fit well, looks good, the colors are crazy but mix well. all in a good way! If you like'em get'em!S.ThomasWest Chester,Pa
B0098ICQPM Puma never ceases to satisfy I had been long searching for a navy suede sneaker that is classic yet contemporary and comfortable.  I found it in this versatile puma that rocks.
B0098ICQPM Puma suede sneaker Cool shoes.  My favorite color.  I usually wear a 14 in Adidas, but these in size 13 fit close enough.
B0098ICQPM Puma Suede I had no problem with delivery. I love this style of Puma, it takes me back to my younger days. Truly a classic sneaker, I have approximately 13 pair.Though I haven't had a chance to wear them I'm sure they'll be great. With the Old-school Clyde you can ever go wrong.
B0098ID10G Nice sneaker very light and modern Very confortable and looks good in my feet with a serious price , I advise everybody to try this sneaker !
B009FD2LM8 Another Great Sneaker Form PUMA! This particular style is among my favorite from Puma and probably why I own 4 pair in different colors. Comfy and fashionable.
B009FD2LM8 These Puma's have the perfect fit! I am a bigger guy with size 12 extra wide feet and I will only buy Puma's.  They fit perfectly and provide for the best support and comfort.  No other sneaker has ever fit more perfectly.  When I saw these sneakers online I liked them because of the mesh top and sides.  But they don't have mesh tops and sides, they are leather.  I was not disappointed though.  They still fit and look awesome.
B009FDRKJ2 Very comfortable sneaker Just received them today which is a delivery before the due date !!!  Lets see how much punishment these sneakers can take. They fit extremely well, are light and have a sturdy looking construction.
B009FEBLPK Good quality for low price I thought it was an appropriate rating for quality of an inexpensive sneaker .  My wife wants to get a pair for herself
B009FLJKWY My husband loved them Very impressive shoe, he says it feels like he is wearing socks instead of sneakers.  Very striking detail and he loves the side laces, overall a very comfy well made, well designed sneaker.
B009FMRLQU Perfect Fit! The sneaker was lighter than what I expected.  It fit exactly to what my size was.  The color was exactly on what was advertised in the site.
B009FN614C Great Sneaker! My second pair These are very comfortable and stylish. They look good with jeans, leggings. I will purchase another color in the near future.
B009FN614C Cool Shoe cool and comfortable when you want a sneaker with a lift/heel. lots of compliments on this one. true to size
B009FN614C Absolutely love them Ordered them for me and both my daughters want some for them. I'm not normally a sneaker lady but these are hot and I get major compliments on them....
B009FN614C Love them! They are very comfortable. I didn't expect for them to feel like a sneaker.  I want more just like this!
B009FN614C Greats these shoes fits perfect, I like them a lot. I would recomended Puma Women's Sky Wedge Fashion Sneaker to my friends
B009FN614C Fashionable sneaker I received lots of compliments on this sneaker and I love them! they are sporty and cute at the same time!
B009FN614C Great sneaker! These are great sneakers. They are true to size . I got the black/grey combo and they are super comfortable. Just what I needed. The wedge makes them sexy so that I can dress up a jogging suit. Cute!
B009FN614C must have Love this sneaker the picture of the sneaker doesn't do the color no justice...the color is more like watermelon it's very eye-catching!!! For me they're true to fit and very comfortable.
B009FN614C Cute and Stylish Very stylish and surprisingly comfortable wedge sneaker.Fits true to size. doesn't hold your ankle hostage. I would recommend and  buy again :)
B009FN614C Cute Girly Sneaker These sneakers are for all ages and gives a pop to any plain jean and tee outfit highly recommend and trendy with out looking overly done if you are a certain age love them but they do run a little snug
B009FN614C Love them! This is the best sneaker ever! It fits perfect to size and it has a nice heel to add a little shimmer to your outfit!
B009FN614C Good sneaker My daughter had got them and it try them and I love them I'm getting another pair different color to wear with my jeans
B009FN614C My Sneaker Wedges I love them. They fit great and it's very comfortable. They can be dressed up or down and looks great with my jeans.
B009FN614C funky footwear I really love these sneaker wedges. They look like regular hi-top kicks but give great comfortable lift. I'll definitely be looking to pickup a black pair soon as well. Beware, if you have wide feet though, these may feel a little snug.
B009FN614C Puma I absolutely LOVE this sneaker. The best that i've owned in years!!!!  I'm in the process of purchasing  another pair as soon as Amazon confirms the correct color and style info. for me....
B009FN697G Not what I expected The item had cuffs and marks on one sneaker never wore it looks great but can wear it knowing the defects on one
B009FN6IEK Great slip on sneaker Airy and light perfect for summer. Great fit very true to size and comfortable. Puma sneakers are the best slip ons
B009FN6IEK Most comfortable show I've ever owned I bought the H street ballet sneaker for a quick comfy slip on sneaker to run out the door in.  But, it was so comfortable, I bought this one too.  No need to break them in and I can walk miles and miles in them.  Best shoes I've ever owned.  I've had them both a month now, worn them almost every day and am so completely happy with them.
B009FN6NRW Great price for a fashionable sneaker! The price was right and when I received them I tried them on and they fit perfect!  Plus I get compliments everyday from people!  They are light weight, comfortable and stylish!
B009G1CITK PUMA Women's Serve Pro CL WN Fashion Sneaker Puma's fashion sneaker is attractive but disappoints in comfort.  The shoes have very little cushioning and no support so that my feet hurt after wearing them only 10 minutes.  What a disappointment!!!!!!  Linda
B009G1T5YG great running sneaker My Girlfriend loves the color and the feel of the sneaker.  She wears them everytime now when you works out.
B009KBNNVI PUma Maeko S Mid Sneaker My darling son looks sharp in his sneakers, and I paid less than $20 for them. Win-win situation for everyone!
B009KBPPAA Great Sneaker Ordered these sneakers for my daughter and she loves them. The fit just right and we cant be happier. Thanks
B009KBRXR8 Size: 13.5 M US Little Kid |  Color: Azalea Pink/Blue/Whisper White I love amazon, excellent customer service as always, I was afraid 'cause I bought the pink sneaker promotion even with the strange mixture of pictures in the description, and I am really happy that amazon actually sent me what I was paying for: the pink sneaker. My daughter loves it, totally a hit !!!
B009KCN4D4 Great Sneaker! My daughter loves them! They fit perfect and are very comfortable, would definitely buy another pair in the near future!
B009KRMGFQ Cute and Simple Design My daughter absolutely loves the "cat" design and colors on this PUMA sneaker. I absolutely love how affordable it was. These shoes are very true to size as well. Overall a great purchase!
B009KSDDUM Kids sneaker-light weight I purchased this shoe for my daughter and she likes wearing it to school. She has a wide foot and these are comfortable for her to wear.
B009KTOEDG Great sneaker My daughter and me loved it, very stylish, comfortable and true to size. I loved them so much that wanted to order for me too :)
B009MNYG1U Puma Roma Look good fit is ok love the style. The sneaker is fashionable really not made for playing sports. Please don't use for Daily use.
B009MNYG1U Puma Puma was the brand when I was growing up.  Now that I have worn all three pairs that I purchased, I can say they still are number 1 for sneaker wear!!!
B009STNEF2 Great sneaker. This PUMA Men's Cell Gen Cross-Training sneaker is wonderful, it fits great, looks good and the price was unbeatable. I love them.
B009STNEF2 Amazing For any sneakerhead, (in my opinion) Puma is such an underrated sneaker maker. The designs are great, the fit is amazing. Top that off with the pricing on most of their shoes are very reasonable, and there's not much to dislike!
B009SU4IDI Disappointed In Puma I was somewhat disappointed in Puma this time around.  The shoe definitely runs small so go up a half size like the others say.  The Sneaker runs slim so if you have wide feet I would recommend trying it on first too.  The materials are also a little low budget in my opinion.  Usually when I get something from Puma I can guarantee that I'll get a high quality item especially for the price - not so much this time.  The tongue of the sneaker is very very thin and feels like plastic.  Overall I'm just disappointed.
B009SU4IDI Puma Mobium Runner Elite I am NOT a sneaker person, but these are my new favorite shoes! I am not a runner, but these sneakers are so comfy I wear them any time I am wearing flats.
B009SUNNQQ great summer weight sneaker Absolutely wonderful colors of orange and bright blue. They are comfortable, but had to exchange for 1/2 size smaller than i usually buy.
B009SUNNQQ the best!! Easily the most comfortable sneaker I have bought in 10 years - True size fit, colors accurate representation, and just so comfortable.  I absolutely love these!
B009XPROWU Stylish sneaker Purchased these for my girlfriend as a bday gift. The shoe came in an awesome bag and looked great! She said they are comfy.Was trying to purchase a second pair but they sold out of my size :-(
B00A000RO4 Not the quality that I was expecting I bought these shoes for the gym thinking that I would have a super high quality ones because it is made by PUMA. But these was not the case. I think that these shoes are not original. The sneaker is poorly made, you can see the glue on the sides of the shoe. The sneaker tongue has an awkward fit. The only thing that I like is the pink color.
B00A005X4S Love the color I don't know that I would classify this as a fashion sneaker but will find a lot of things to wear with these shoes!
B00A008HR8 :((( I loved the sneaker but they were too small, sold them to my sister whose feet are almost two sizes smaller than mine, they fit her great and look good too.
B00A008HR8 Not a snug fitting as my grey ones I've had for 2 years I have a grey pair that I love and wear everyday. They are slender and stylish!  So nice to have a sneaker with a little heel that feels and looks so good.  They hug my foot all over and make it look skinny. They really hug the middle making your foot look like a hour-glass.  However the black pair I recently ordered had a little poof on both sides around the middle - didn't hug my foot like the grey ones did.  They were not as flattering as my grey ones. So I returned them. I was bummed because I was looking for a black version of my grey ones.  I don't know - maybe they all vary. But I was disappointed. In the future I may try another black version with the striped heel to see if I can get that same snug fit around the middle of the foot.  You may just have to order them and see how they fit.  If you get ones that fit snug - you'll be in heaven because it is the best, most comfortable sneaker with a heel!!!! Probably not for people with wide feet especially at the top.
B00A008HR8 AWESOME!!!!!! AWESOME SNEAKER WEDGE!!!!....THE PERFECT COLOR, STYLE AND THE HEEL IS JUST RIGHT!!!....WILL PURCHASE EVERY COLOR THAT'S AVAILABLE!!!.....WAY TO GO PUMA AND AMAZON!!!
B00A008HR8 PUMA Womens Caroline sneaker The shoesfit my feet well and my inlays fit also in them. Would buy an other pair in a different color.
B00A008HR8 Nice Sneaker This sneaker fits fine, except one major flaw the inside is made with some type fabric that irritates my baby toe. Other than that I would definitely recommend and purchase again.
B00AOAQAJG Cute casual retro sneaker. Cute casual retro sneaker.  Run a little narrow in the toe but I was still able to fit my normal size.
B00AOAQAJG Comfortable sneaker with some height Such a comfortable and stylish sneaker with subtle height unlike those other ones you see everywhere else that are obvious and cheesy looking in my opinion and meant only for teenagers. Feel you could wear these around an amusement park all day and they wouldn't kill your feet. As someone who is only 5'4 it's nice to have a little extra help. ha
B00AOAQAJG tight Lengthwise is normal, but it fits narrow in the toe area.A great-looking casual sneaker overall. Will not return this item.
B00AOCAP9A Lightest sneaker EVER! This cross-trainer is AWESOME! It is SO light! It's almost like you're wearing a sock with a sneaker bottom! The attached tongue is taking some getting used to & the only thing I've considered negative, so far. Very comfortable & supportive. Never had a pair of Pumas & I have to say I'm impressed! The price & what you get is just fantastic! I would definitely recommend them to others!
B00AOCE7IA fit true to size for me so Im usually a 7-7 1/2 in all my shoes/sneakers. This was no exception. I do have somewhat narrow feet so that could be the reason why I did not have to size up like many of the other reviewers. I have had this for over 2-3 months now and it is still looking good as new. Well it does have some creases now haha but thats to be expected. Definitely not real leather, but thats good for me. Ive used this sneaker as a everyday sneaker walking a mile in them and recently as a work out sneaker to do cardio and not once has my feet ever felt uncomfortable in them. I will definitely buy from this brand again in other colors. The sleek and feminine look goes so well with skinny jeanss mmmmm, Thanks Puma!
B00AOD2OQ6 Loved them... Loved everything about the shoe but the size. I normally wear an 8.5-9 and these were a bit too large at 8.5. Got a new pair of 8s and they are my current fave sneaker.
B00AOD2OQ6 sneaker sole unstuck. 1.5 months sole sneakers come unstuck. Quality did not like. But buying other Puma sneakers, they were very strong and long time wore. Maybe I was not lucky?
B00AOD8YMO Nice sneaker I read some other reviews and I am glad I did.I went with the next size up as suggested and they feel n fit great. Very attractive,particularly if your a Syracuse Orangeman fan.
B00AODVKJI Kingsley Sneaker look nice but 13 A bit small can wear for looks but not running in them . 13.5 -14 if u wear size 13 !!!!!!! A C- Grade!!!
B00AODVKJI Puma Bloweb Elite NM Fashion Sneaker Quality shoes!!!Recommend Highly.Very cool and hip shoe. Love the Design and Materials....You will love them too, promise.
B00AODW9HA Most comfortable sneaker ever Very comfortable.As for size, they must run small, because these are a 1/2 size larger than any other sneaker I own.
B00AODWHCC Very Satisfied Very good C-T sneaker for the price.
B00AOE059S Nice slip-on sneaker... Considering how hard this style is to find (for men), I am satisfied both with the fit & look.  There are (or were as of 01/2014) plenty of color-combo options to choose from.  For those who may be considering other Puma comparable styles, I bought the Puma Tergament brand slip-on sneakers several years back.  Same size, but the fit was a bit tight on them due to a tapering towards the toe.  I like the OSU style better than Tergament, now that I have worn both.
B00AOMV7YW PUMA Hombres Future Cat M1 Grandes Ferrari L Fashion Sneaker, Negro / Rosso ... Best buy good comfortable shoe comfortable as I saw on the internet like, I have not any problem with the shoes, I recommend it for those who are watching and want to buy it do so without any qualms
B00AOMV7YW PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big Ferrari L Fashion Sneaker,White,11 D US PUMA Men's Future Cat M1 Big Ferrari L Fashion Sneaker,White,11 D US very good buy great price very happy thanks
B00AOMYC2Q puma mens drift 5 ferrari snk red Omg I love the sneaker very light and supportive, now all I need is a Ferrari 458 red to drive around in,
B00AOMZH1Q It didn't fit well It Looked like a bowling/ballet sneaker on my foot. I'm tall and it didn't fit the way i normaly like
B00AONVA52 PUMA Sneaker Shoes were almost too narrow.  The length is too long--looks strange.  Only merchandise I have received through Amazon thatwas disappointing.
B00AONW5CO Quality Puma is a quality sneaker with so much variety and style. Most imporrtant are the very reasonable prices. Very comfortable.
B00AONW9JS A good Shoe PUMA Men's Drift Cat 5 Leather Sneaker is exactly what I needed to fix my feet. These sneakers are a very good value for the money.
B00AONW9JS This puma are beautiful but.... the puma PUMA Men's Drift Cat 5 Leather Sneaker,Black/White are beautiful the only problem i have is that they get me narrow, but i hope they loose a little while i using it
B00AONWIC6 PUMA Men's Drift Cat 5 Suede Sneaker Excellent sneakers and very sleek. Casual wear only. Not for jogging.Size is very deceptive.I wear standard US 9-1/2. I had to order 11 from Puma for proper fit.
B00AONWIC6 Excellent!! GREAT PURCHASE! The sneaker just fit as I was expected are of excellent quality. I recommend them fully ! !
B00AOOH730 great male of female sneakers Great sneaker for male of female.  They are comfy and go with any color of clothing.  I highly recommend these sneakers
B00AOOH730 Great Sneaker I like the understated style and comfort of this sneaker.  It's a wonderful walking shoe that doesn't look clunky. Since it is all black it works well with my entire sportswear wardrobe.
B00AOOH730 PUMA Men's Sneaker are very classy, comfortable and stylish PUMA Men's Sneaker are very classy, comfortable and stylish. Get a pair NOW! Okay Get two pair..... I did, for real.
B00AOOH730 Classic Puma. 'nuff said! This is the classic Puma suede sneaker. Decent quality and fits as expected. I find these shoes are far more fashion than function. They don't have very good arch support and aren't really made for a day full of walking. However, if you need a fresh sneaker to match your outfit for a day of hanging out, then these will work just fine!
B00AOOH730 Now thats what I'm talkin bout ! I was looking for a plain Black Sneaker that didn't look like a space ship and I have found them. .Some of the other Sneaks look as if they were designed by an aeronautical engineer turned cup cake manufacturer. Not these, they are Black On Black on Black soles. COOL
B00AOOH730 Perfect. I love Puma Suedes they are the most comfortable shoes ever! Being a bboy it's hard to find comfortable shoes to breakdance in but these are perfection. They are a slim looking casual wear sneaker, I honestly don't think I'll go to any other sneaker brands besides Puma Suedes. Not to mention they are pretty under rated.
B00AOOL1SC Great I bought these pair of sneaker for my son and he loves them i do to very nice looking sneakers.
B00AOOL1SC Always go 1/2 size up for sneakers For my son and he loves them.  They come with 2 pairs of laces...one is the contrasting color and one is the grey of the sneaker
B00AY64L1E Fit Never had a shoe fit so well I'll be getting a second pair great sneaker, looks good to the fit
B00B1E4QSQ love this puma sneaker Love the color of these sneakers.  Very up to date looking.  Feels very light on the feet and fits perfectly.  Received quickly and packaged well.  Would recommend this sneaker for weekend fun.
B00B5EDEZI PUMA Women's Speeder M II Fashion Sneaker,Black/Beetroot/Hollyhock,11 B US The shoes fits as expected. I always buy Puma sneakers. They're really comfortable. I like it. And the purple is pretty.
B00B5GEZG8 PUMA LC Special JR Sneaker The PUMA LC Special JR Sneaker is one of the coolest sneakers I've ever bought!!! I am a HI-TOP SNEAKER FANATIC and these are the best...I live outside Buffalo NY and never wear boots...just sneakers 24-7-365!!!
B00B5GEZG8 Good This is great n so cool i like My kids we love those sneaker is  a perfect size n Then color
B00B5HUIO0 great style, needs half sizes my daughter and i both loved this sneaker. Only problem is the sizing - she needs a 9.5, but they only came in 9 or 10. The 9 were too just and the 10 were way too big. these went back :(
B00B5HUIO0 PUMA Suede 2 Strap Sneaker The shoes are large. I should have bought 1 size down. I will except, my toddler will grow into them. They are comfortable. Overall, I do like them.
B00B5W0FHK PUMA Drift Cat 5 V Leather Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid),White/Beetroot... Bought for my granddaughter and she loves them.  Worn so much, it's probably time to buy another pair.Quick shipping
B00B7LUG00 Great deal for a nice shoe! Great sneakers and @ $36 it's a no brainer! They retail up to $100 and although I wouldn't spend $100 on any sneaker I could see someone pay that for them. They fit and feel like a $100 sneaker! Fits as expected and not too narrow like some Puma's as I have a somewhat wide foot and light w/good arch support. I wear them with jeans, with shorts or to the gym.
B00B7LUG00 Good sneaker This sneaker is great for running, very good for weight training, and just OK for walking. These ratings are due to the tread in the bottoms.
B00B7LV8V6 comfort and style very pretty and comfortable..it's more of a ballet shoe than a sneaker.one can wear with dresses as well.
B00B7LVTOC Great look... It's a decent sneaker but it's all for the fashion. The quality is ok, not top notch but they are holding up pretty well. Purchase it knowing its purely a fashion sneaker.
B00B7LVTOC Classic sneaker. The sneaker was everything I expected, great look and feel, fits true to size. Ordering process was simple and easy and delivery was quick.
B00B9ZDQA6 Amazing sneaker A shame that Puma is not making them anymore. Hard to find a pair. Using the same model for the last 3 years.
B00B9ZDQA6 Puma Sneaker Original puma sneaker, my friend like it. good comfort and quality and fit. the colors are nice too. good for everyday use.
B00BAXWTT6 Decent quality, perfect fit for a wide foot My boy loves them. I don't let him wear them all the time for fear they may get scratched (the surface looks as if it could be scraped off easily). He has quite a wide, flat foot and it is not easy to find something that fits and is comfortable for him. This sneaker fits the bill. Not to mention the velcro that he can do himself.
B00C5UPFPS AMAZING LOOK THIS SNEAKER IS AWESOME LOOKING AND BLOWS AWAY ALL THE OTHER NONSENSE NAME BRAND CRAP OUT THERE FROM NEW B TO NIKE ,, THEY ARE THE COOLEST I LOVE THEM ,, I ONLY WISH THE PRICE LITTLE CHEAPER ,,THEY REALLY ARE SO COOL AND THEY FIT SNUG,, I HIGHLY RATE THEM 5 STARS
B00C6BOILS puma sneaker el ace very good fit nice, glad i purchase them. hope to find more like this style so im giving it a good review
B00C6BUJDY Lovely & Colorful wedge sneaker I like the combination of color and the design.  It fits as expected and is quite comfortable.  It's stylish too!  I'm very satisfies with this wedge sneaker.
B00C6BUJDY Great sneaker First time using sneaker wedges and was pleasantly surprise at how much I really liked them. They fit amd feel great.  I've gotten lots of compliments!
B00C6F6BYQ These are so pretty in person These are so pretty in person. They are true to cut and comfortable.  I didn't even know that the green was at the top. I love this sneaker.
B00CAK6FVQ Wunderbar!!! These shoes are comfortable, sneakers, yet fashion forward and have some height in the sole! Not a wedge sneaker, but not a flat one either. They were soft and flattering, I feel as though I could wear them for days on end. Fit and comfort are a matter of opinion sometimes- another person said they were flat and stiff, or uncomfortable or something like that. I got them in the gorgeous green color, not to preform sports or exercise in them, but for a cute, comfortable, functional sneaker. I plan to get them in another color, they're so nice. I also have nice, flat, narrow feet, so perhaps for someone with arched feet or a wider foot, they could be potentially uncomfortable? Perhaps it is something to take into consideration, but then again you could always just send them back, or try a different size...
B00CAK9ABI Good Choice I love the sneaker and I'm glad I picked the right size.  Got lucky.Perhaps some type of chart should be offered to help someoneselect the correct size.
B00CAKANUA Shoes What can I say? They are just another pair of runner/sneaker. Nice and brite and Extremely comfortable. I Wear them everyday.That's all!Thanx.Terry
B00DNNS6ZM good not great The tongue of this sneaker keeps slipping to the side, which i need to keep adjusting or tying the shoe so tight that they can't move but then i also cut off all circulation to my feet. I like their voltaic line normally but this is my least liked iteration.
B00DNNS6ZM Great sneaker! Great sneaker! Fits good, super comfortable and light. $15. dollars less than the Kohls website.I used these sneakers to workout, great choice!
B00DUL8BQQ Puma Sneaker These shoes are not leather which is stated on the product description. However, they are fashionable and comfortable to run around in and also are easy to clean.
B00DULBHY4 Easy Going Sneaker This sneaker has enough arch support to make walking comfortable
B00DULV8Y8 Puma sneaker Made the right choice in selecting this shoe. Fit as expected, great colors, looks cute on granddaughter & she says they're comfortable.
B00DULXWII Puma Sneaker These are great leather sneakers that are easy to clean and we get a lot of compliments on them. They are easy to put on and take off and are comfortable to run around in.
B00DY6160A LOVE THESE! I purchased these for work and was pleasantly surprised.  They are like wearing slippers but have the support of a sneaker.  I instantly went back online and ordered them in different colors.  They fit true to size and allow for stretch in the toe.
B00DY75DWQ Awesome These are awesome cross trainer sneaker. Very light weight and good looking. I got so many complinents each time I wore them.
B00DY789HM somewhat small for me I really like this sneaker but I had to send them back :( the sneaker was a little tight on my right foot. But overall is the great hip stylish sneaker.
B00E41TDYU Four Stars This is a nice sleek sneaker. Looks better in person. True to size.
B00EDOMUYI Good sneaker This is a good basic sneaker
B00EDOR4L2 Great comfortable fit These are very comfortable, yet also stylish sneakers. It took me a month to decide whether or not I wanted to get them, but I'm glad I did. I have no problems with the sneaker whatsoever..
B00ETI0GFI Puma El Seevo Classic Sneaker Dark Shadow This Puma shoe is a great companion for a casual outfit. Being a low profile sneaker opt to wearing this with jeans and a polo shirt or a tee shirt. The shoe runs true to size and rather comfortable. Just wish it came in more colors though for more options.
B00ETI2NUE PUMA Takala 2 Opulence Sneaker I have a narrow foot and PUMA sneakers always provide a perfect fit.  I couldn't be happier with them and will never buy a sneaker of another brand.
B00F3DVHCY Great Sneaker!!! Love this type of sneaker. Fits as expected, I have nothing to complain about. And the colors are a plus. It's also pretty good if you have flat feet.
B00FEM6QLQ fantastic shoe i have 2 pair of these in different colors. they are comfortable like a sneaker, but very stylish. i get asked by strangers where i bought them every time i wear them. i would have bought the other color they came in, but they weren't available in my size.
B00H6TWITE Real sneaker heads wear their Clydes Classic, black , cool and no stripe, what??? The original cool shoe along with furs and colorful suits  while swishing and dishing on you youngings
B00HCMTOJW Great purchase....Very happy I Love them.....perfect fit. So stylish. Cant believe the price!! Nike metallic wedge sneaker is still 200.00. The Best Buy this year!!
B00HCMTOJW Puma wedge sneaker Everything is beautiful about this sneaker fits true to size everything is great .It as a little space in it bit that's fine it's not to much don't want it extra tight.
B00HTAKRI4 Puma Roma I am a Puma shoe advocate.  I have no arch and these have been my sneaker of choice for YEARS. Fits like it is part of my foot.  Arch support along with stylish looks.  I am pleased with my purchase.
