B000C4XHJA Love the socks Love the socks! I work in a factory and have to wear steal toed shoes and these help my feet from hurting. Great fit.
B000C4XHJA Wonderful socks Love these socks! Been buying them for a while they are very comfortable and have nice Arch support. Also the seam along the top is thin and does not dig into your toes like so many other socks do. These are all around great the colors are cute and the socks hold up very well.
B000CKLWEG Puma Socks These were a gift to someone else. The sizing range was correct and they are stylish for the low profile variety of socks and offer something different from the more commonly seen white low profile socks.
B000GGNCGW Great Christmas gift! Loved the socks! Thick, good quality! Great for anyone who wants a good quality in socks! Would buy these again!
B000L1DEWO Great I love Puma socks. I usually get them at TJ Maxx but since I don't make it there often, I was happy I could order them on here. They are great socks, what more is there to say?!
B000L1DEWO They are socks! These are socks. But they are comfortable and durable and they get the job done, what more can you ask for?
B000L1DEWO puma socks These are the most comfortable socks.  I like them because they are ligjt weight and they an breath. I defineitey recommend them
B000L1DEWO Much thinner than I expected The socks are very thin and don't offer the support I was expecting compared to the other Puma socks I own. They are fine for weight lifting but not long distance running.
B001AK2INQ Puma Socks Very comfy socks, only gave 4 stars because I feel that you should get @ least another pair for what you pay.
B001AK54M8 Great socks. The one thing about these socks is the openning stretches out after 15 or 20 washes, but other than that, they are very comfy.
B001AK54M8 Great socks! They feel great on your feet, they have a bit of cushioning on the bottoms, and will never slide down into your shoes. Perfect running socks
B001B4WUVQ pumas These shoes are very comforatable without socks! They also are slip-ons which I wasn't expecting. All in all I'm fairly pleased with these shoes!
B001B510ZW Very comfortable-but noisy. Very easy to wear.  But it squeaked whenever I walked.  I tried different surfaces and socks.  No change.  Sent them back.
B001CHCQBQ Puma Good item , just not really made for walking all day in , unless u get padded socks
B001CHER90 Great looking, stylish shoe but I'm a men's size 14 and this my first pair of the Puma Basket II shoe. They look great and I've received a lot of compliments, but the shoe is a bit cramped in the front if you wear regular sports socks. So, I wear these with really thin ankle socks with untied laces and they fit ok.
B001CHG1YY Color bleeds These shoes look great but every pair of socks is now stained red as is the bottom of some of my pants
B001CHG1YY Great! These shoes fit very snugly and are extremely comfortable...definitely true to size. They are noticeably well-manufactured and definitely seem sturdy for the suede material they're made of. The inside of the shoe which rests upon the back of the foot is made of a comfy rubber-type material which makes them great should your socks ride down or you decide to not wear socks.As for the style, it's a timeless classic that looks great with anything. An incredible buy especially considering the relatively cheap price and many color options.
B001FFGONG Fit me perfect! Most low cut socks either ride too high or slip below my shoe but these come to just the right spot so my ankle doesn't rub against the heel of my shoe.
B001P8VMCQ Puma socks from amazon I bought these for my granddaughter and she just loves them, in fact she wears them almost every day. It will be soon time to order new ones
B001V1NA7W We are happy to have this socks!!!! I bought it for my 4 years girl,it is real cotton,good made and true to size.She likes it!I would recommend it to everyone!High quality!
B001V1NA7W Very well made These seem more solid that most kids socks. They dont have any grippers on them. They look good and are a bit overpriced for kids socks imo. But gernerally, I find kids stuff to be too expensive.
B001VH6X20 Get these shows I tell you, get them. I got these shoes for my 14 year old son last year and they still r good. He got a pair of Nike Lunarglides, and they have messed up a little but these shoes, though are a bit messed up still are in good condition. I would not suggest wearing these with white socks or noshow socks, but with Nike Black Lowcut socks.
B001VH81PM Beautiful but... lovely but u definitely need to rock this with thin ankle socks..thick socks makes it too tight and barefoot, well the material rubs against the foot in an uncomfy way...bought it in brown.. love the print but i'd recommend ordering half size up
B002CVUMJ4 wrong style I receive ankle high socks, not these pictured. But the quality is good and thick, but they pill. My son has these socks in black, (the low ones I ordered) and they are great!
B002CVUMJ4 good socks Socks were a little thicker than I would have thought.However, they were nice socks.
B002EENI40 Wear with socks! They are cool looking.  I would advise wearing socks a least to break them in because it can rub the back of your heel raw.  Over than that, they are great.
B002EENIYA Big Mistakes with this Roma I have to agree with the reviews. I am a HUGE Roma fan. I have had pairs last me as long as FOUR years. I recently purchased these despite the poor reviews. I could not resist the blue pair. Well, they look amazing, but the build quality and the comfort are NOT Roma-like at all (perhaps because this is a throw-back style from 68). The material on over half of the shoe is very thin, the inside sole cannot compare to the quality of standard Roma's, and finally, the worst part, you guessed it....the ankle. The curve looks great, but after only 7 hours of wear with no-show socks, I had blisters. My socks actually completely cover my ankle, so no skin-to-shoe contact happens, but they are not thick socks. Still, I loved my Roma's because of their comfort. I wore them over any other pair of shoes. The heel on these is terrible. I will think of something because I love the look of the shoe, but one shouldn't have to fix a $75 pair of shoes because they blister.
B002EL3MCQ Very Nice I bought these for my 4 yr old son. I really like the shoes. It's nice that he doesn't need my help because there isn't any tying involved. The only problem he's had is that if his socks aren't tall enough they will rub the back of his foot raw. Other than that he has had many of wonderful comments about them. With thick tall socks they are amazing!
B002KAOLGC Great shoes but need socks This shoes are great but wear socks with them otherwise you might have blisters on the back of your feet. I have other puma shoes that do not require you to wear socks. Otherwise these shoes are comfortable with socks. I have used them to walk around downtown all day in before.
B002KAOLGC Excellent shoes.! The shoe is perfect. The only thing about it is you get blisters on your ankle if you wear "no show"/small socks. But overall the shoes is great, fits perfectly, nice design, definitely going to recommend this product.. :)
B002RLBC8E I have a question Am interested in purchasing these socks but can anyone advise what is signification of  # 39-42 under socks. Thank you.Can you please answer my question.
B002Z12R4E Cute but... These are cute shoes on your feet, but once you have worn them for longer than 30 minutes they start to hurt. Every time I have tried to wear these shoes, I've gotten blisters on my pinky toes. Also, the shoe doesn't form to your foot when you walk. It pouches out on both sides of the widest part of the foot. Socks. No socks. It didn't matter. I actually bought these for a trip to Japan because I knew we would do a lot of walking. It didn't end well.
B002Z12VYU So comfortable!!!! I bought these shoes because of it's reputation of comfort, lightweight and for my Zumba class.  It's like wearing socks with soles and it comforms well to your foot after you wear it.
B0037KMNAU Comfortable Loved the way these looked on my nephew, they were a gift to him. Shoes were meshed so his feet were able to breathe, you definitely need thin socks for these shoes.
B0039YOGPE Great Socks Thes socks were exactly was I was looking for. Very thick padded for little kids' running feet! They fit and are comfy for my daughter.
B0039YOK1E Puma girls socks Great socks, soft, good cushion, and pretty colors- coordinate with many of her outfits. Only draw back/ plus is that they are much bigger than anticipated so though not good for immediate wear, she'll definitely grow into them
B003EE9NC0 Fits good Had to replace my earlier model of Drift Cat because they were too snug in the front and these were perfect. I have some wiggle room for my toes and room for thicker socks if needed. This style is great looking.
B003H6DC5O Most Comfortable Athletic Socks Out There These Puma no-show socks are very comfortable and soft.  They fit very well and the "stretchy" feel is great.  Although they were just purchased and only worn a few times, they show no signs of wear and feel just like they did the first time I put them on.  Great socks for runners or anyone interested in no-show socks (does not come above ankle).
B003H6DC5O not no-show So comfortable but not no-show on my small feet! In fact, they show as much as regular socks. I wear size 7 1/2 mens.
B003H6DC5O Great value in running socks I have not found better running socks anywhere close to this price range. They don't bunch or stretch, and there is a little bit of extra elastic around your arch, a feature I've only found otherwise in more expensive socks.I run 80 miles per week, and these are the socks I use.
B003H6DC5O Most durable socks I have ever owned. I LOVE THESE SOCKS.  The best socks I have ever owned.  Been wearing them for 2 years now and they still haven't worn through the bottoms.
B003H6DC5O great men's socks This is the second time I have bought this set of men's socks.  I have never been disappointed with them a day in my life!
B003H6DC8G Very good quality socks, these will last quite a while, my daughter really likes these socks, the colors are fun too. Very good quality socks, these will last quite a while, my daughter really likes these socks, the colors are fun too.
B003H6DC8G Poor design. The socks were comfortable until I added tennis shoes.  Once shoes were on, it took about 3 steps before the heel of the socks got pushed way down in my shoe.  I tried this with both pairs of my tennis shoes (different brands) and got the same result.  Very disappointed.
B003H6DC8G Very good quality These socks are made well and my wife will get a lot of use out of them. these are her favorite
B003H6DC8G great for small feet These are my favorite workout socks. They are snug on my size 6s & the seams don't bother my toes.
B003H6DC8G love 'em already own these socks...love the fit and the wear.  shipped fast!  I got just what I thought is was getting..perfect!
B003H6DC8G love! Socks are cute, comfy, and affordable. Recommended! Got some for my sister for Christmas and had to get some for myself!
B003H6DC8G Comfy socks Great, comfortable socks.. Good to keep warm but also comfortable. May be too tight when it comes to sweating, however.
B003H6GFWG Puma Socks My son loves these socks they are nice and very durable and thick. I will order again soon. Thank youuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!
B003H6GFWG Great socks for functional fun I love these socks but I love the bamboo weave puma socks more. Still these are great quality. However I've noticed after many washes they shrink on my feet
B003H6IDQC The purchase of the stirrup. I bought these socks to finish spending what little money left in my credit card, I will not speak ill of them, are excellent socks.
B003H6MCNW Puma Socks My son loves these socks...very hard to find in stores..The only problem I had was when I ordered they came in the white...Amazon told me to keep them and sent me the 3 color pack...I was very impressed with this gesture..I will definitely buy more when needed.
B003ICX504 Love these I have lots of these socks - I've had them for years and they hold up so well through lots of daily wear and workout wear.  They have some compression around the middle, which feels great.  I would wear them all the time if I didn't need taller socks for boot weather!
B003ICX504 Fantastic sox These socks work especially well with Crocs because they do not slip off your heels. Also very durable and comfortable. I will definitely order more.
B003ICX518 Good socks Good quality. Great fit. I love socks that have the band around the arch, they stay put. Will buy more.
B003ICX518 Great socks! Great socks, perfect fit for my size 8 feet, they are very comfortable as well! Great quality for the price!
B003ICX518 i love these socks The socks are comfortable I have small feet and have a hard time finding socks that are not too bigWell cushioned.I love these socks.l will be buying more of them.
B003IMJO68 Not a fan These socks look nice and fit great - but you can't wear shoes over them or your feet will pay. Not ideal for any kind of movement sport, the seams near the toe with eat your feet alive. Runner's, definitely stay away from these.
B003IMJO68 COMFY Incredibly comfortable socks! The only reason I wouldn't want them on my foot all the time is the fact that they are 'running socks' with a section in the middle of your foot for support which make them just a little tight to just hang around all the time in. Very pleased with my purchase!
B003IMJO68 Great socks They are comfortable and they fit well. They have mesh lining on the top to create more airflow and reduce sweating. This makes then not a good winter sock, but they are great for what they are designed.
B003IMJO68 Great Socks! These socks are very comfortable and provide just the right amount of cushion without being too bulky. The netted top is quite nice to reduce bulk and provide breathability. I've had these socks for about 6 months and they've held up very well. They don't stretch out and stay tight on your feet. I would highly recommend these socks to anyone.
B003IMJO68 Awesome These socks are exactly as described in the product description.  Comfortable, durable, wear well and wash well.  I bought a whole bunch more.
B003IMJO68 Comfy Socks I wear these socks when running, weightlifting, playing basketball, rock climbing, etc. They don't fall down into your shoe and they don't show too much either. I wear these along with a few pairs of under armour socks I have and I don't prefer either brand over the other. The price on these could be a lot lower (as goes with most socks), but I'll give them 5 stars regardless.
B003IMJO68 Very comfortable low cut sock These are really comfortable low cut socks, as my title states. I wear them casually. They were too low whenever I ran or played sports and my shoes would rub/form blisters around my ankle. That's not a fault of the product, just my sock selection
B003IMJO68 Puma Socks The Puma "invisible" socks are great. I was unable to find anything like these running socks locally except in white, and I needed gray and black. amazon had them. My only quibble is that they are rather small for me--I take men's 13 Puma shoes, and that is the upper limit of what I can find in socks anywhere, so these socks, like all I own, are a stretch. It was easy to find them asking amazon, and the ordering, shipping, and delivery date were all first rate service. Thanks.
B003IMJO68 Love these socks The socks are very comfortable. I have size 13 feet and usually size 10-13 socks are very tight on me and they start sliding down my ankle and in to my shoe. These socks rest just below your ankles. These were tight at first but after the wash they were fine. I fine these socks to be very comfortable, they let my toes breethe and haven't seen any holes yet after three months. I have ordered more since and am quite happy
B003IMLEI4 Amazing running socks What can I say, they're socks... These socks are amazingly comfortable. The stretch material around the middle of the sock help prevent that falling below the heel effect.  Love the black style with the red pumas, they helped me get over my fear of black socks and shorts.
B003IPY3UM Puma Men's Socks These socks are very comfortable.  The colors are strongand they hold up well after washing.  I would buy moreof these kind of socks.
B003IPY3UM Too small The socks were a nice style, but they barely fit my feet (I wear a size 12).  This product would be better suited for children or women - or tiny men.  LOL.
B003JFKOTU Socks Love the socks!  Very comfy!  They wash well. Arrived quickly and at a great price.  Wish I had ordered more.
B003JFKOTU Puma sport socks These socks are super quality, no doubt about that. And the colors hold in the wash.  However, for a kid sock, they are too constricting on his foot.I know sport socks are a slimmer fit, but these are actually quite tight (enough so that he has to have me help him pull them on and he's eight!)
B003JFKPB2 Very cute socks I like the colors and I love Puma for toddlers, my favorite. Thank you and I would recomend them to anyone
B003MAJTAM Norhing Like a PUMA! Was highly impressed with this tennis shoe.  Very comfortable, affordable, and love the added color combo with white.  The quality of the shoe was top notch.  I ordered my regular size 8 and have to wear thin no-show socks with them in order for them not to be too snug.  If you like to wear thick socks with your tennis shoes, I would probably go up a 1/2 size to be safe.  Highly recommend!!!
B003MAJWCW Nice sneaker with any casual outfit. Like these shoes very much.  I do need socks to prevent blisters though.  Tongue won't stay straight.  Other than that very comfortable worn with low, thin socks.  Slim look doesn't make you feet look "fat".  Love the laces. Very cute shoe.  Fit is true to size.
B003MAJWCW i have to wear socks they sheaf my heel if i don't wear socks so i have to wear socks to keep the shoes from hurting
B003MAJWCW Run large Love the way it looked but going to take some getting used to. The shoes in my opinion run large so I'm having to tighten the shoe up a lot an wear bulkier socks to keep em from slipping. :(
B003R1QIQ4 For my lil athlete! Great socks to wear with sneakers, espeically if the sneakers are close to being outgrown.  They are thin and stay in place.  However, they tend to run small.  I ordered the 12-24M size for my 6 month old son and they "just" fit.  It's not like my son is big foot or anything, these socks just run very small.They do pair well with puma sneakers.  Makes for a stylish lil man.
B003R1QIQ4 Puma Socks for boys These socks are great! They are not as thick as the ones for older boys but they help keep sweat off my sons feet. :)
B003ZJCEXO Puma I love my new t7 track jacket now my set is complete I have everything from the hat to the underwear to the socks puma down baby
B0042AMXIG cute but run small i really liked these but they ran kind of small. You'll probably have to wear really thin socks with them.
B00439GCEM love the comfort It feels snug without a sock on but I dont mind, I will give it a while to stretch using ankle socks..... really love that it comfprts your feet.
B00439GCEM nice shoes These shoes are really comfy and fit nice, I have had puma before so knew go 1/2 to 1 size larger. Only complaint  would be if socks are low ankle ones shoe rubs against back of foot little sore. got the right socks and are lovely ;)
B0049H8VZQ Wrong picture Do not look at the picture. Socks are long white and very thick. Customer service was not helpful sending me the replacement but same socks while I asked them for refund after I realized that the product is correct but the picture is wrong. Still looking for thin short sock for my son.
B004DN12L6 Bit small These socks are no-show and thin, which I like, but they shrunk quite a bit in the dryer so they keep slipping when I wear them.
B004GB0XVA Very comfortable! I have wanted these sneakers for a really long time and finally gave in and bought them.  They are super comfortable and are great to wear with jeans for a casual look.  A lot of people in other reviews mentioned that these run small and they were right!  I normally wear a 9.5 in everything and these are a little tight unless I wear super thin socks.  If you plan on wearing socks with them I would order them a half size larger than normal. Other than that, they are fantastic!
B004J4X4OM great shoe for the price... These were the first soccer shoes I ever bought... they fit as expected but I did get a bit of chaffing on my ankle, probably do to wearing ankle sock though... all in all, I would recommend these shoes, but not with ankle socks :)
B004J4XMM6 Very fashionable, but stinky! When I first started wearing these shoes, they really rubbed into the back of my heel, but it took about 2 weeks or so to break them in. I have now had them for about 3 months and love them. However, I wear them without socks and I must say, they make my feet stink!!! I have never had stinky feet with any other shoe, but maybe its because I wear them without socks. I also have to say that the pink points on the bottom of the shoe wear off really quickly. I am semi-disappointed in this shoe because I love how it looks so much, but not how the shoes holds up.
B004J4XMM6 Love them! I wear these all summer long. I put in my arch supports cause they are pretty flat. I really like that I don't need to wear socks with them. And I can just slip them on and off. No laces to mess with. I have worn them on working mission trips and at the end of the day my feet still feel good.
B004J4XMM6 Comfortable and easy to wear I bought these for an upcoming trip, wanted sneakers but not really if that makes sense. These are comfortable with great traction. Looks good with socks or without, depending on how you want to wear them. Really like them.
B004J4XNNO Tight fit I still love them but they did fit smaller than I thought so if you have especially wide feet I would get at least a half size up. I've had them for a couple years now so they fit fine now after I did some serious breaking in, which sucked but they look dressy enough to wear with like anything but still a comfortableish flat you can dress down. They also cause your feet to sweat because they look stupid with socks of any kind except maybe the sheer really small socks you wear with shoes like these but the back would still pull the sock down too far and it would start falling off your foot while you walk. So if your feet tend to sweat and smell I would use something to put in the shoe to help battle that.
B004JF5R1Y A little too small Very cute shoe, it's a slipper shoe (no support).  I needed a half size larger without socks and a whole size larger with socks.
B004SH11NG Puma Cell Tolero 2 V My 4 year old likes very much the look of the sneaker. My only comment is that the instep is a bit low and when she is wearing her school uniform socks (which are thick) the velcro closure is too short and the shoe is not properly secured.  I recognize that my daughter has a high instep and on top of that the socks are thick. Otherwise the sneaker are spectacular.
B004SYLT1I Very comfortable These socks are ultra comfortable and sharp looking socks.  However, if you are looking for "no-show" socks and have feet size towards the smaller end of the sizing charts I would recommend looking elsewhere (this is the only reason why I didn't give the rating 5 star).  I have size 12 feet and these socks have a higher top than my other puma "no-show" socks.  I don't know if this "problem" is inherit with "runner" socks, but if you want socks that do not show at all above your shoes then you may have more luck with another type of sock.
B004SYLT1I Very comfortable, good for sports I bought these socks for softball and running.  They are soft and comfortable and fit nice and snug, and I love the colors.
B004SYLYN6 great socks! Keep hot feet generally cool. I bought and wore these in the summer. They're tight around the arch of the foot (supportive, maybe?) but it feels good, even on wide feet.  Happy with these!
B004SYLYN6 Puma Socks Rock These socks are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of positive comments about them. I wear them to work so my feet won't hurt. :)
B004SYLYN6 Sweaty These socks feel as though they are made from rubber. Very tight, hot and sweaty. I wouldn't recommend them get nice dry comfy socks elsewhere.
B004SYLYN6 Puma Socks These socks are just as advertised.  Puma is a good brand and like the bright colors.  I will order these again.
B004SYLYN6 Pretty Good Love the brand and colors. The socks seem to fade quicker than normal. All in all a pretty good item.
B004SYLYN6 For All you Color Lovers Out There ! I consider myself on expert on Puma socks, I have worn only Puma socks for 5 years. I refuse other brands because of the way they are tailored around the toes which lead to bunching up in the shoe. Horrible! Puma has been the solution to this crises.Pros:Great colors, the lime green is real party starterFeel all cozy insidePuma socksCons:I feel like these are a little lower quality than Puma's Bamboo weave socksThey stretch pretty easily, when you pull them really hard you can almost see through them. Weave is not tight enough.
B004TPDTCI Fun This shoe is light weight with a minimal differential which I like a lot.  Although the toe box looks small my toes don't feel squished.  There is an elastic type material along one side that really keeps the mid food snug.  I've found these to be my favorite jumping rope shoes even though wearing them with socks feels weird.Over all cute shoe, functional for what I do (CrossFit) and they have improved my 11th skill.Side note.  I have very healthy functional feet, run barefoot or in socks a lot, these shoes have minimal arch but the tightness in the mid foot I think may make up for that.
B004TX1VOS Great socks These socks are amazing perfect fit and good comfort just as expected for soccer socks but i use them to keep my legs warm at work they match my shorts!
B004W3W4K0 Puma socks are great The puma socks are a great buy they are the most comfortable socks i have ever worn in my lifeA must get item
B004W3W4K0 Puma Socks The product truly surprised me as to how comfortable they are to wear.  I absolutely love them.  I would repurchase.
B004W3W4K0 insane comfort These are without a doubt the most comfortable socks I've ever owned.They are very durable, thick but breath well, and well padded in the right spots.They are great for golf shoes, or as I used them mostly, for new rugby cleats that weren't quite broken in.  They're just tall enough and thick enough to prevent those painful blisters near the achilles from new cleats.Wonderful socks.
B004W460MW Great socks. Would buy again. I ended up buying a lot of the no-show PUMA socks line, these included, and I'm not disappointed. I was previously using similarly priced Adidas no-show's that also have a weave to help airflow. The advantage I saw instantly with these is that the thinner weave doesn't encompass the entire sock, only the top part, whereas the Adidas ones are thin all around. It's noticeable in that the Adidas ones made my feet colder than I like, and these provide a nice "breezy" feeling on the top of my feet, while having a warmer, softer padding feeling along the soles of my feet. Plus, they come in cool colors and are really no more expensive.
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable Broke these out today for the first time. Ran a good distance and they felt great. Love the feel, its as if you could run without socks.
B004ZIP5GW I love them now My feet hurt when I wore them with socks, without them they're awesome. Why 4 stars? You guessed right, even though they are the right size for me, I wish I could wear them with socks,
B0053A2M3A Awesome!!!!! These Shoes are great, they're light-weight and comfortable...can be worn with or without socks depending on whether ur feet sweat or not. Great workout shoes.
B0054KWWQG Great socks Great socks, they came as shown in images. The only issue is that I wear 10,5 in shoes and the socks fit tightly so I guess a size 13 user won't work for him/her.
B0054KWWQG Great Socks These socks seem a little thicker than the one's I had before. As always they still keep my feet dry.
B0054KWWQG Great socks! I'm a Crossfit trainer and really love this style of socks for my workouts. I don't know if these are the best priced but came on time!
B0054KWWQG Mmmmm...Socks. I'm always hesitant to spend more money than I need to. These socks however were not a disappointment. I'm not as big a fan of the socks with PUMA stitched in huge letters across the arch, but overall these are very  comfortable socks. They are long lasting, and retain their comfort. Well worth the eighteen dollars I spent on them.
B0054KWWQG Perfect Athletic Socks My son has found these socks to be his new favorites.  As socks go, they look great too and wash and dry well.  Great product!!
B0054KWWQG Great Socks These socks are comfortable and affordable. I still use them today almost two years later so I'd say they've lasted plenty long :)
B0054KWWQG like these socks a lot I think theey are very comfortable an Ibeen wearin a pair everyday since Igot them an they don't wear when u wash them most socks even the first time u wash them especially the black ones they show a litttle bit of them gettin  an llighterr each time u wash but these socks are stayin the same
B0054KWWQG Puma Men's Sport Socks These are the best running socks I've ever bought by far. Great Price too. I couldn't find anything cheaper and i searched the internet for a while.
B0054KWWQG basically good socks Mostly satisfied with these socks.  Comfortable and seem to wash well.  However, one pair had a rip in the toebox that I didn't notice until already wearing several pair - I don't normally check out every pair of socks in a package but for this product seems like a good idea.  Also, if you are a true size 13, as I am, be aware that the socks are essentially "no-show" rather than simply low cut - there will be no "wiggle room".
B0054KWWQG Great Socks! Very comfortable, the fit and feel fantastic. I'm scared they may loose that amazing "new sock" feeling after a wash but other reviews suggest this is not the cash. Stylish and clean!Recommended!
B0054KWWQG GOOD QUALITY THESE SOCKS WERE SUCH A GREAT QUALITY AND THE PRICE WAS ALSO RIGHT.  I DEFINATELY RECOMMEND THEM.  PUMA IS A GREAT BRAND .....
B0054KWWQG Great socks, great deal The older I get the more I realize it's better to spend a little more and get a good product that will last longer than pay half price for an inferior product that you'll have to replace time and time again. I never wear shoes in the house and I'm not a slipper kinda guy, so I've been wearing these socks every day. They haven't started to thin out. There are no holes. Wash them and they're like new. Nice, tight fit as well. Never thought I could love a pair of socks.
B0054KWWQG Gift for Bug Nice Socks, good price and shipped fast
B0054KWWQG socks These socks are smaller than specified. Does not work for my son size 10 mens. Would definitely not order again
B0054KWYWI Good socks Great socks, bought them for my 16 year old and she loves them! The picture Amazon shows does not do them justice, and if you are looking for low rise socks with black and bright color accents these would not disappoint.
B0054KWZKE puma low cut sport socks the item was sent in the time frame that was described, and the item was as described.  good quality for the money
B0054KWZKE Okay socks I really love the color of the socks and puma socks in general. I wear them everyday to work and work out in. I've had them for a few weeks and already noticed a hole on the side in one of them. I have long toes so use to buying new socks after a year because of holes in the toes. Wasn't happy that there was a hole in one of them already... and on the side... such a weird spot so I think it was due to poor material.
B0054KWZKE Puma rocks These socks do NOT creep down your heel... at all!  I love them!  Puma seems to know how to make a quality sock.
B005545B3C Comfortable, just watch the PUMA size Proud to have gotten these stylish and comfortable shoes at a very reasonable cost. So far they feel sturdy; use them for exercise and travel.Just that I normally buy shoes with a tad of slack to accommodate thick socks (that's how I like it). And these seem to be a little tighter (compared to my Nike's), so you may want to keep that in mind when selecting the size. My solution to this is simple; I wear them with the thinner ankle socks. The shoes are simply too comfortable to return :-)
B00569FWJ4 Very Comfortable! I read the reviews about these shoes being sized a little larger than average and was afraid that these wouldn't fit. But I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived and I found that they are just large enough to wear small footie socks with them. If you were to wear them barefoot they may be a little big for a normal 7.5, but with socks they fit perfect. They are extremely comfortable and feel like you are almost barefoot! I will definitely buy again in different colors! Shipping was also very fast.
B0058OR452 puma quality supperb purchased these for grandson who wears size 13 and has hard time finding socks for a size 13 foot! these are good quality and comfortable to wear. very happy with them.
B0058XFJTQ Runs wide They seem to run a little wider than most other Puma's.  I double my socks and its ok, but if I forget to double them or wear thicker socks they slip on my feet.
B0058XFP86 Nice Looking Shoe I like the way the look but I would never run or workout in these sneakers ! I use them to go to the pool or the beach or if I'm in a hurry they go on and off easy but the fit is very tight I can not wear socks when I wear them
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe I absolutely love these shoes. There is great support and cushion around the ankle and are very comfortable while running. Only reason I didn't give these shoes 5 stars is I am still getting used to the fact that putting them on can be a pain depending on the socks due to the fact that the tongue is attached to the shoe so it can bunch up your socks. Other than that I love these shoes.
B0058XHCDM Like the Feel You have to like the minimalism of the shoe.  I do.  I love the ever so slight raise in the heel. I can't believe how comfy they are with so little "technology " in them.  Do but a half size up for socks.
B0058XHEBM Somewhat small My husband loved the contrasting blue colors and was very excited but then the shoes were slightly too small. He has to watch what socks he wears.
B0058XHSMC They're pretty neat I rather enjoy my Tekkies. They look cool, they're SUPER comfy, they're perfect for going without socks. Unlike most shoes, the soles, themselves, are squishy; this allows one to wear the shoes without socks and not have your feet hurt by the end of the day.The ONLY down side I have encountered, is that they don't fit right if you do wear socks, however, that could be my own fault for almost always wearing them without socks - I mean come on, a shoe can't give you the world, right?They're sweet kicks. A good buy in my opinion. So, just do it!...Oh wait, that's NIKE... oops
B00594F444 Cute, but I get blisters These shoes are so pretty in person. They're sporty and well-made while still having a feminine touch. I ordered a 7.5 because I normally wear 8s when I wear shoes with socks and try to get 7.5 when I won't be wearing socks. When I do this, they usually fit a lot better and don't give me blisters. Unfortunately despite the fact that these fit me, they still give me blisters on the backs of my ankles. I thought I just had to break them in, but I've worn them multiple times and they still give me blisters.
B00595JCIM Cute, but These are very unique and stylish (in my opinion at least), but I have some issues with the fit. The shoe doesn't seem to be very padded, certainly not a shoe to slip on without socks (I made that mistake and had blisters on my toes and heels). I also didn't find them very comfortable for a walk around the block either (with socks). Maybe just not for my type of food (normal toes, narrow heel).
B00595JOOY Narrow My husband felt these shoes were a little narrow to accommodate socks...and I'm not a fan of people wearing shoes without socks.  They seem to be very well made, and are attractive.  I'd order a half size up in any future order.
B005CB59N0 Perfectly Fine Cleats I use these cleats for casual pickup soccer and they're great. Obviously they're the nicest cleats on the market, but they fit well and have a nice touch on the ball. They matched my standard shoe size fine, but I'm also just wearing thin socks when I play instead of normal soccer socks.
B005CVY9RW A good buy. Bought this shoe for my 14 months old and since I bought one more pair until she grew up and was going to go up the slides. That's when I noticed that it does not have enough traction at the bottom of the shoe.The leather is very soft so it is perfect for children first shoes when they are transitioning from only socks to shoes. It feels like a more durable socks.
B005CVY9RW Perfect for daily wear Love these shoes, dirt wipes right off and they are the only shoes she will keep on! 9 mth old who loves being in socks
B005HEK2J8 awesome shoes! recently got these shoes from Amazon in white and green and they are awesome. Wore them for the first time walking 18 holes and didn't have any blisters like others have said, just a little rubbed on the back of my feet and I wear ankle high socks. They look even better in person and didn't get too dirty. Wearing ankle socks should avoid the harsh blisters others have said they cause until they are broken in. And its pretty cool when your'e the only one wearing shoes this nice on the course.
B005HEPKLS comfortable I like the shoes, my only complain is that these shoes can not be wear with socks cause it feels a lit bit small.
B005LCE58A Small and simple It is the perfect gym bad. Shoes, shorts , shirt ,socks and room to spare.Light weight and durable.Great price also!
B005ON39OC Great, breathable shoes These shoes keep my feet cool, and are very supportive. However, if I don't wear higher socks, they rub against the back of my ankle which is painful. But I like them so much otherwise, I wear them to the gym every day.
B005OTA9R6 Very bright white nice looking shoe I like the look of these pumas. I also like that they are flat and don't have a big heel underneath like some shoes. I will wear these out I am sure. I should have got an 8 though instead of an 8.5, but with socks on they will take up the little extra space. ;)
B005OTA9R6 Love these! I couldn't find these in a size 8, so I went with the 7.5. Glad I did, they fit perfect! Again with the slippery material inside, wear thick socks till you break them in, or expect to get blisters.
B005QNKVPU Excellent socks! Socks arrived sooner than expected.  Item was a gift.  Great quality and recipient said they fit great.  I would recommend.
B0064V6WD8 Good socks Good socks, but at them a terry sole and a heel, so for summer they aren't so comfortable. It is necessary to write more detailed description
B0064V6WD8 Disappointed The socks I received today in the mail was definetly not what I apparently thought I was gonna receive. I did not expect to see the fuchsia ones pictured as above. But figured I would get the same design but only in Grey and white. Nope. Plan puma socks. Very disappointed and quite mad.
B0064V7SUO Love them I will be getting more Puma Womens Quarter Crew Athletic Socks they fit and feel great, I'm on my feet all day
B0064V7SUO Great socks! Hard to find great socks, but I love these socks. They are seamless and do not rub or irritate my feet. Great colors and graphics. Comfortable and do not get lost in my shoes. No bunching or rolling over. I will definitely buy more. Great value for the price.
B0064V7UUM These socks are great Like most Puma products, these are high quality socks. Unlike most Puma products, however, the price of these socks is very reasonable (Currently $12 for a 3 pack). They're relatively thick which is great for working at the gym or just keeping your toes warm at work. I wouldn't say that the green socks are fluorescent, more of a green-yellow color. I've worn and washed them several times and they're holding their color and shape very well. I will definitely buy more in the future.
B006J7WSEY Runs Big These work alright for youth soccer leagues, but they do run big, My daughter has to wear two pair of socks to keep them on her feet while running.
B006JCUBK2 Cute, but very narrow Very cute,good quality, but I am sending it back. Too narrow , upper part doesn't stretch much . We tried to put them on with the socks and without socks, not a very pleasant experience for my baby
B006QOI4L6 Fits well and comfortable! I am regularly a size 8 so that is what I ordered. My feet are rather narrow and this shoe fit wonderfully! I love the way the arch fits my medium arched feet. They are very light weight which is perfect for walking in all day. Trust me I have walked all over Germany in these things. They feel better with thin or regular socks. Thick socks make me a bit tight in the toes. Other than that, these are the perfect all day walking shoes!
B006QOJ8PM Cater for thick socks The shoes look awesome. However I forgot to compensate for thick socks. This the shoes felt a wee bit tight
B006QOJ8PM Tight fitting These are great except for the size. They are tight around the toe area when wearing regular socks. I have other puma shoes with the same size and don't have this problem. I found wearing running socks which are thinner helped enough to not return the shoes.
B006QOJ8PM A little tight As you would expect with Puma, they run a little tight. Look great though. I will wear them in summer with lighter socks
B006QPLVA6 perfect buy I stand all day on the highway and these are the best shoes that I have had in a long time, fyi they are hot in the sun so you need to ware thin socks but other than that its well worth the buy
B006QQ0Y7G confortable this shoes are very confortable, they feel like socks. The design is very nice and elegant. It arrived on time
B006QQ0Y7G Poor workmanship I've owned many pairs of pumas over the years and this one was quite different than what I'm used to. First, and to a lesser degree of importance to me, was the sizing. These easily run a whole size too small - with socks. If you're used to wearing socks, then order a size bigger. Otherwise, the 10.5 fit my foot like a glove without socks. This I could live with since the style of the shoe, with its super low sides and low top, would make wearing socks odd to begin with.The bigger issue is the workmanship. For example, they don't roll the edges in the lace section. What this means is that the inner foam layer between the leather outside and inner cotton is exposed. Not only does this look tacky and cheap being in such a prominent place, but it can deteriate the shoe more quickly.Thanks to amazons great return policy, back it went.
B006UJL8VU Good socks, but not what I was expecting. These socks are nice socks; I really like the feel of them. With that being said, they are NOT no show socks. I ordered them with the expectation that they would be no show, but they very much show. I can still use them, just not how I had hoped. That's why I'm rating the product three stars. The socks themselves are very nice, but they're not "no show."
B006WEGV60 S&uacute;per confortable I loved the style, need to be used with high socks, but they are very comfortable , the material is very light. In my personal opinion I like them
B006Z66MTG Fantastic Comfort, Sizing Issue I bought these in my normal size, but I planned to wear them without socks so the shoes were way too big. If, like me, you want these to be a quick slip on and run out the door kind of shoe, with no socks, then I would order them a size down.Once I exchanged for the right size, I realized how great these shoes are. They are so comfortable, they are all I ever wear now.I recommend them highly, just be prepared to exchange if the sizing is off.
B0071BW4FK Perfect! I wear these a lot.  I needed a shoe for the summer and fall that I could slip on quickly, no socks, but be more supportive than flip flops.  I get so many compliments on these.  They have started to squeak a bit from a spot on the bottom but I still love them.
B0073IUO62 Blisters The shoes give me blisters on my ankles that bleed all over my socks. I tried to wear thicker socks & they still make my ankles bleed
B007FDVIDI These wear nicely I had bought some Hanes and they wore out quickly, it might be the way I use them but I needed something that would last longer. I have yet to wear a hole in any of these Puma socks.
B007FDVIDI Excellent quality I've been buying this exact brand and style for my son for school for the past 3 years. He has so far not been able to wear a hole in any of his Pumas. Other brand last him a matter of months, and he is still wearing some of last year's socks. Unfortunately Puma has apparently decided that all men want to wear bootie socks, so if there are any of the crew length ones left, grab them while you can! It's getting almost impossible to find them!
B007FDVIDI great socks and comfortable I wear this socks daily. They are very very comfortable. I used other brands before, but these are my favorite brand. They are great for exercise or working out in as well as daily wear. I highly recommend them.
B007IWKB7A It looks as it should but it doesn't fit as it's suppose to. I have not bought a pair of pumas in several years and had forgotten they tend to run small. I wear a size 10 in every shoe style but these pumas were just right without socks and with socks on they were stopping the circulation to my toes. Order a half size up you'll be glad you did.
B007IXCZZU Disappointing Love the look of these shoes.  Not built for heavy walking.  Have only been wearing them a few hours and haven't walked much but they are already starting to rub blisters on my feet even with the protection of thick socks.
B007IXCZZU i love pumas They fit a little big which causes the back to rub my heel...I guess i'll just have to wear thicker socks. but I still love them.
B007IY4MWI Great Socks... no driving, no sales tax and no worries! Great socks and I didn't have to drive around town to find them!  With amazon pricing and service, they arrived at my door vs. me having to go get 'em!  No tax, no hassles and they're great socks!
B007NIIFCC These are "No Show" Socks I have been looking for Puma running socks for my son and was excited to find these.  Unfortunately, the description did not say &#34;No Show&#34; socks, and the photo looked like they were 3 quarter socks.  I am disappointed, and the return policy states that i would only get a refund less the cost of free shipping + the cost of the shipping back the socks makes it not worth returning.They are great Puma socks, just not what I was expecting.
B007NQC2OQ Nice I really like these shoes they are very comfortable, but the only problem is the shoes scrape the back of my heel, if worn with thin low ankle socks.
B007P5UKR6 real comfort receive this product quickly and they're comfortable they look awesome I definitely would recommend someone or anyone to buy these socks I will definitely purchase another set from this company again
B007P5UKR6 We love Puma Thes socks are made extremely well. the thickness is not too thick, just perfect. My husband wears all Puma now.
B007WQGKQI close fit but otherwise excellent I bought these cleats to play ultimate frisbee and they work great. They needed some break-in time though. After I played in them for the first time, my feet were very sore afterwards. This led me to write a bad review at first, but the second time around I had no problems. I think the issue with the first time was that I wore very thick wool socks, which cramped my toes. The fit is very snug, so I would suggest going a half size up if you plan to wear thick socks very often. That said, these are great shoes overall. They are relatively light and provide good traction on astroturf. Definitely recommend.
B008A6C4RS Truth Because they slide off my feet a little and they requires me to wear thick socks and they should haft to be thick
B008A6CIL0 Awesome! The shoes fit great and I love the color! Nice and light it almost feels like Im just wearing socks
B008A6KTKC My pregnant feet love these shoes Pregnancy Plus: These are the only shoes out of a collection of 67 pair that I can wear all day long without foot pain. Plus the fact that there isn't a separate tongue means I can get into them easily, without having to bend over my enormous baby belly.  I really like that.Normal Fit:  For reference, my feet are wedge shaped, narrow at the heel but slightly wider at the toes, and a wee bit shorter than the average 8, but not enough to get a good fit with 7.5W. I just hope for slightly short size 8 shoes. I have a normal arch. I'm experiencing only slight swelling from the pregnancy so it won't affect my review.With this particular Voltaic shoe I tried on the 7.5 and the 8 while shopping at TJ Maxx.The 7.5 pinched my toes and made my pinky toe feel a bit crushed. Definitely too small so I bought the 8. I think folks with longer than average feet might consider trying on a half size up to be safe. The eight was a perfect fit in width but almost wanted to pop off my heel in thin socks.  In medium thickness socks, like most athletic socks, they're perfect.  In fluffy socks they're too snug (kind of a no-brainer there).The shoe itself feels nice and snug without pinching in any one area. There is no pinching on the pinky toe, no pressing on the big toe, and the heel doesn't rub in the right socks. The mesh makes my feet feel less sweaty than leather shoes which is really nice.  I like that they're so light weight, too. The arch support seems quite balanced and I've not had any problems with my plantar fasciitis.  In general I think these shoes give my feet and ankles really good support and I feel very solid in them. They are not comfortable on rougher terrain. While walking the dog I veered off into a rocky trail for a short while and rocks pressed painfully into the mesh and even seemed to press into the sole a bit, so I'd not recommend them for rougher surfaces (only mentioning it since the shoes claim to be cross trainers). On concrete and asphalt though they're a dream. No pain.Durability:  As of this review, I've had these shoes about six months. So far the shoes have held up well, especially given that I wear them every day. The sole and arch haven't broken down at all.  Now, I'm not running in them, just doing my daily walking and going about my day-to-day pregnant life.  Given the extra weight I'm carrying I think they're holding up just fine.  I usually replace my cross trainers once a year because they break down.I'm going to buy two more pair of this design while they still make them, I like them that much.  That isn't to say they're for everyone, but they just happen to fit my foot mold in medium thick socks perfectly.I hope this has been helpful and not too wordy.
B008A6KTKC Puma Women's Voltaic 4 First - the picture makes it look like it is white mesh with pink - it's dark gray.  Second, it doesn't have a tongue therefore making it fit tight at the bridge of your foot.  Third - wearing socks with it looks funny unless you wear socks that won't show - because there is no tongue.  Would not purchase this style again.
B008A6KTKC Really cute shoe! I am usually a Nike girl because they fit great and my feet don't hurt after a long day of walking/standing in a medical office. I saw these online and thought they were really cute so decided to try them out. When I got them, I tried them on with both socks and no socks. They fit great, but are loose in the heal so they slide when I walk. Not sure if its the shoe or if I just have a skinny heal, but have to return them: /
B008A6KTKC cool shoe I got this show from my wife and she is enjoying, but one thing to know...you do not need to wear socks with them.  When my wife put on socks the shoe was too tight but with out socks it fits great and feels great.
B008A6YFQQ My daughter absolutely loves these I bought these for my daughter to play field hockey. They look great and would fit great if she wore normal socks. They wear big thick socks over the shinguards and I would order another half-size up
B008A6YJDU Great shoes. I wear a 7 and that is what I bought. The color is bright and my teammates do not have a problem trying to find me. :) I do not wear socks with these shoes since they are so narrow but I did not get any blisters on my first game.
B008AJLUG6 Great colors I like the colors of these socks.  I wear a sign 8.5 and they are a little short and go below the back of the tennis shoes at times.  Wash very well.
B008AJLUG6 These are not cotton socks. The description on the website states that the socks are 80% cotton, however the actual socks I received only 28% cotton. The rest of the materials are polyester and spandex. Some people may not care but I was specifically shopping for socks with high cotton content, so I'm sending these back.
B008AKOFGW Need wide Size was perfect 6.5 but a little tight. I did not notice the (m) width D. but with no socks all is good
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe I ordered this shoe to work out in. When I first opened them I was pleased with the look. I initially thought it was a little tight but by the second time I had worn them the fit felt fine. the issue is that they rub in the heel area. Not enough to blister but just enough that my socks don't stay put. I wear low cut socks and It never fells during every workout I'm pulling my socks from under my heel, which is annoying.
B008AXTOQ0 Fits pretty small Bought these for my husband for Christmas. He likes them, but the inside mesh makes it difficult to wear with thick socks.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe, but tight The lining is snug and the shoe is tough to put on over some thicker socks. This may work itself out during normal wear. Unfortunately, I read reviews after purchasing. Most review say to order a size larger. It is unusual since they're not necessarily tight in the toe, but more around the rest of the foot. Love the design. Seems very well put together. I just hope I don't have to plan what socks I need to wear.
B008B0QYBA Best socks ever Quite simply, these are the best socks ever. I have replaced every pair of jock sox with these.  I love these socks
B008EYP1K8 comfortable plus These shoes are very comfortable.  Can be worn with or without socks.  Good support.  They seem to have been made well.
B008F063BM Comfortable.  A bit small. These fashion sneakers are comfortable but run small. If you plan on wearing socks, I recommend going up a half size. I got the black pair and they are pretty cute, they look like running shoes but are marketed as fashion sneakers.  As comfortable as they are, I do not regret my purchase,  but I know I won't be able to wear socks with them, and that's kind of gross.
B008OVYKAI Love my puma socks Love these socks they are a great fit , they are pretty and of good quality and material. I would purchase them again if I ever needed them.
B008RLY7NK Best gold shoes ever This is my 4th pair of golf shoes and by far they win.  I wear them mostly wthout socks but sometimes with socks.  Both ways are comfortable.  They are the best ever.
B009AMOWAS Excellent These socks are excellent! You can not beat the price for a 6 pack of socks. I recommend them to all
B009AMOWAS exact fit before wash These socks will remain in place on my feet all day with or without shoes. The only issue I have is the inside thread will sometimes snag a toenail when putting the socks on. I wear a size 13 and these barely fit my narrow feet. I would purchase these socks again if needed and I would recommend to others without large feet.
B009FDR416 nice shoe, very comfortable but size runs small I like the shoe overall, very comfy looks good.  Nice very bright blue color, but I've been a size 11 my entire adult life and this shoe runs a little small.  I should've probably gotten a 11.5.  If you wear no socks or very thin socks the fit is ok.
B009FM6GKM Great shoes I love the shoes. They fit a little big but I just wear thick socks and they do the job.
B009FMPS06 Runs small My husband is normally a 12 in vans, with socks they fit perfect.  These shoes were small (toes to tip) without socks.  Otherwise we would've kept them.
B009FN614C So cute I just got these, tried them on and fell in love with them.  The shoes are an exact fit but with thin socks I cannot wear them with thicker socks otherwise they would be too snug other than that these shoes are great! I've already gotten so many compliments on them!
B009G1BKGW kinda of snug get a half size bigger, I lve the shoe I just don't wear socks with it, it has mesh sides so its not for snow or rain
B009G1T5YG Alright for light training These shoes are sort of large if I wear training socks and fit well if I wear running socks even though the advertising says web cage tech would hold your feet firmly. However, the main purpose i bought it was to go to gym and for casual wear, so it's a bit hot when I have to wear running socks all day long. The sole was designed for running short distance only, it is hard, minimum cushion and there is no arch support, which made the balls of my feet really hurt after intense activities
B009G1U2XE Perfect for the gym! Delivered on time, nice color, neat fit! Goes neatly with other colors especially matching socks.Price was expensive, but worth it!
B009RP3OYI very nice These socks are pretty cool for men's socks.  The colors are nice and they fit well.  It is hard to find nice socks for my son who has big feet but doesn't want plain white.  He really likes these socks.
B009RP3VZA Great These are great socks! Bought them for my hubby for xmas and they are made of quality material and so far are holding up well ( 6 months)
B009T3ABT4 Perfect! I bought these socks to wear while working out and they are extremely soft and comfortable! i will be buying more!
B009T3ABT4 These are not cotton socks The description on the website states that the socks are 80% cotton, however the actual socks I received have 0% cotton. They are made from a mix of nylon, polyester and spandex. For some people it may make no difference, however I was specifically shopping for socks with high cotton content, so I'm sending these back.
B009T3ABVW Great Fit Socks fit very nicely.  After numerous washings, they retain their shape and color.  They do not rub or irritate my feet.
B009T3ABVW BEST SOCKS EVER These have become my favorite socks. Nice and cushiony! They come up high enough so the back of your sneakers don't rub. They are cute colors and they are just the perfect high quality socks I would expect from Puma
B009T3ADW4 cheap socks look worn out after the first washing very thinly constructed, these socks cling to the ankle ok but look a bit worn out after just one washing.
B009T3ADW4 Puma Are always my favorites! I have a draw filled with puma socks! If you run or not these are the socks for you.
B009T3ADWO Awesome Socks for Running or Everyday use Puma makes excellent running socks.  I have bought several packs of the men's versions of these running socks for myself recently, so I purchased a couple packs for my wife as well.  We both really like these socks, they are excellent for running, but I find myself wearing them for everyday use as well as does she.
B00A008HR8 Stylish and Comfy Firstly, I ordered Liberty Blue but most definitely it is purple and not blue.  Luckily I like Purple.  and these shoes are so fab I am considering ordering another pair.  I love that they are not too bulky.  They are the perfect size w/o socks or thing socks and the small wedge adds MUCH appeal.  I prefer the wedge because of foot issues and like a heel in all my shoes.  This is not a over fashion-done wedge but a wedge you can walk in, every where.  The first day or two out resulted in a blister (without socks) but now they are golden and my go-to casual shoe.  They look cute with shorts, dresses, cropped skinnies, joggers.
B00AI222Y2 Love these shoes! I was originally planning on purchasing golf "sandals", but the vast majority of them had so-so reviews. Decided on the Pumas because I have owned shoes with a similar design in the past and the breath-ability was fantastic. These have not disappointed at all in that respect.My feet stay dry in the heat and I can feel the air moving through my socks. Speaking of socks; make sure to wear at least mid-ankle high with these. You'll notice from the picture that the heel section goes high on the back. This ended up causing some issues with irritation and an eventual blister for me on my first time out, because I was wearing very low profile socks.The fist morning I used them the grass was full of dew and my feet were soaked quite quickly, so these aren't well suited for morning play if things are dewy at your local course.Overall I am super happy with the spikes on the bottom . They are embedded similar to cleats for baseball/football so you don't have to worry about them falling off on the course. They are low-profile, but provide plenty of grip to keep my feet planted in from address through contact.Highly recommended shoes!
B00AO59I2W Great socks These socks fit wonderful, feel great on my feet, and are well worth the money. I highly recommend these socks.
B00AO59I2W Great socks The socks fit great and are durable. I wanted socks that are thick but breathe and these seem to be the perfect match.
B00AOBC4JA Good fit I wanted to wear them without socks right away but they irritated my feet too fast. They need to be worn a few times to get used to them.
B00AQODE9E Quality, Comfort, Awesome Cat These socks are one of my absolute favorites.  I ask for socks every Christmas and these are definitely in my top 5 sock list.  You can't go wrong with the Puma Low Cut White Socks for Men.  Sock on!
B00AQODE9E Love Love these socks, always have. Bought originally from costco and found them again on here! I steal the from my husband ;)
B00AQODE9E good quality socks I like these socks.... but after buying them I was in Marshalls and saw similar items much cheaper, so next time I'll go there.
B00AQODE9E 5 stars thick quality socks These socks are great ! Nice soft fabric, not the cheap thin cotton.Will definitely order more.  Nice price for 6 pairs
B00AQODE9E Best socks ever! My husband has arthritis and his feet often hurt. He says these are the best socks he has ever worn.  We  will buy them again.
B00AQODE9E Puma Low Cut White Socks for Men They are very very very comfortable, they look very nice. The price is just right. Just buy you will love it...
B00AQODE9E Puma Socks They are very comfortable, my feet can breath. After a hard days work I take my shoes off and there's no foot smell, that's a plus.
B00AQODE9E not what i's expected These socks seem a bit too snug for the size range indicated. My shoe size is 12 EE and maybe the width is the problem.
B00AQODE9E Best athletic socks ever I will re-order these every time I wear out the others.  Perfect fit & cushion for running, working out, etc.
B00AQODE9E Incredibly cool! These are probably the best athletic socks I have ever owned.  They have mesh uppers and are very, very cool and help to keep feet dry.  I am very satisfied with the quality and the price and will probably order them again.
B00AQODE9E Socks are HUGE. Bought them for my son who ... Socks are HUGE. Bought them for my son who wears a size 7 and they hang off the toe and barely fit my son who wears a 10.  My husband is using them.  He wears an 11.5
B00AQODE9E GRRRREAT! They are the most comfortable low cut socks I've ever had.  I am a woman with shoe size 8.5.  They are cushioned perfectly for my feet.
B00ASRGZEK I have ordered two sets of these socks because he love the snug fit & last a long My son loves the way these socks fit. I have ordered two sets of these socks because he love the snug fit & last a long time
B00ASRJFA6 Good Quality for Hard to Find Shoe Sizes I bought these for my son who finds that the regular sized socks are too small for his size 13 feet. They tend to slip down over his heels. But he is rough on his socks so we needed a good quality sock that wouldn't wear out too fast. Bullseye with these socks. They are well constructed and are lasting very nicely through the washings. No pilling and no holes (after several months). They fit his feet perfectly.
B00ASRJFA6 Extended Socks - what's not to love? My big feet really like these socks. Being dyed dark means I don't have to sweep or mop as often.
B00ASRJFA6 Perfect for sasquatches like myself Large, comfortable fit, breathable. I would buy these socks over and over and over again. I love them. They are soft, high quality, and actually fit large feet.
B00ASRJFA6 puma socks I ordered these black-grey socks and you sent me solid black.  I HATE solid black socks so I am just stuck with them and they were expensive, never again will I order anything here!
B00AY65V1I Good shoes. Insanely comfy These shoes feel great on my feet. I've been running in them everyday and they are very comfortable to run in. I had some trouble at first and got a bruise on my pinkie toe while I was running in the shoes the first time. I read up on it, and realized the socks i was using were probably too thick. I've been using my thinner socks ever since and everything is fine.
B00AZFC3JG great socks very comfortable, durable, and wick sweat well.  Just high enough to cover the ankles of my sneakers, but still look stylish.  Not quite as high as other quarter socks.
B00AZFC3L4 Puma is King My husband will only wear Puma socks. They fit so nice and feel so good he says. They don't slide down at all.
B00AZFC4KY Puma microfibre socks Extremely comfortable.Perfect for golf.Material gives a great feel. A remedy for tired golfing feet.Highly recommend to any sports men and women.
B00B03F8V2 Very good quality I have previously owned some of these socks and i really loved the way they dont ride down my leg as i go through out the day.  I have seen some reviews of the socks being too tight on the leg but i think it just depends on the person i for one find them very comfortable and so far durable.
B00B03F8V2 these socks are very comfortable. they feel thick and heavy but do not ... these socks are very comfortable. they feel thick and heavy but do not make your feet sweat or hot and have great cushion
B00B03F8V2 Tight and makes feet sweat They are pretty tight in the upper part. And when you take your shoes off after using them for a day, they produce more smell than other socks. I guess it's the material...
B00B03F8V2 Great Purchase! These are great socks. I bought them for my boyfriend and he loves them. They fit fine and give great support! I will recommend these socks to everyone.
B00B03F8V2 Socks are perfect Ordered these for both my husband and sons, they all love them.  They are a bit hard to find so very happy that amazon carries them.  We will be ordering them again!!
B00B03F8V2 Wish they were all black, still the only socks I buy. Best socks ever made. They haven't faded after multiple washes. They fit and feel super great. Slightly thicker than dress socks but thinner and better quality than your walmart stocked socks. Threw away all my other socks and stocked up on these bad boys. Perfect for the gym and everyday use.
B00B03F8V2 Great socks! They slide right on my feet and feel very comfortable all day.  I'll buy more Puma socks when I need them.
B00B03F8V2 Sturdy, comfortable socks for sport I bought these socks for my son who plays sports 4 days out of the week.  He also wears similar socks in school.  After three or four washings, they have held up well.  The fabric is mostly cotton with a little spandex for stretch.  The heels are padded and are thick; this is the area that always wears through for him.  The elastic is good quality, and stays up on the shins.  The socks fit well in his shoes.  They are very comfortable for sport. A good value.
B00B03GKAA They Shrink so much, it's absurd. Warning, these socks shrink so much after the first washing (several sizes down!) that my husband and son and not even I can wear them.I think they expect you to hand wash them and line dry them ... not practical, for socks.
B00B03PIFS Nice! The size is a little tight for an extended sock, but these socks have lasted longer than any I have bought before.
B00B1E4QSQ Running Shoes Light socks for great fit... Heavy/Thick Socks gives a tight fit. Normal size is a 9,,, but it's best to go a 1/2 (9.5) larger to make sure that they are not too tight.
B00B1E4QSQ Love Them! I ordered the size I usually wear with socks, as the other reviews said they ran 1/2 size small and I wanted to wear them in the summer without socks. They fit perfect, comfortable and soft and light weight. The colors are so pretty with the pink and charcoal.I hope they hold up well as I have been told I need to walk 30 minutes a day for my heart. So If not outside I will be on the treadmill daily.
B00B502OSA Shoes run small I ordered a size 3.5 for my daughter who typically wears a size 3.  I thought the 3.5 would compensate for the thicker soccer socks.  Unfortunately, even the 3.5 is too small WITHOUT socks on.
B00B503JTS Too small but also perfect I didn't take the advice of others and ordered my daughter's true size. Should have ordered a size bigger. However I had also bought a pair of thin soccer socks with the built in shin guard. So with the thin socks the shoes fit exactly right. That would be great if she were no longer growing.But other than the size everything else is great! My daughter has wide, flat feet. And these shoes are perfect for her.
B00B503JTS Sporty look Great shoes and very cute! My Daughter loves them! I bought her a size larger than she wears because of how thick children's soccer socks are :)
B00B6QO3O6 good product These socks are made well and last better than any I have bought before.  They are slightly tight for an extended size, but just right for me since I am size 13 shoe.
B00B6RLLWC WORST SOCKS, EVER These socks looked like they would be a nice supportive sock for the foot. Unfortunately, they turn around on the foot so that they end up sideways and upside down. I don't know what kind of foot would work with these as it does the same thing on my foot was well as my husband's. Our feet are quite opposite of each other; his being short and very wide (4E) and mind long and bony. Don't waste your money.
B00B6RLLWC Just what we wanted. These are the socks my man wears, the only ones he really likes, and purchasing them online was cheaper than purchasing in stores.  Shipping was free with a certain amount of purchase, so I threw out all his old holy socks and bought enough to get the free shipping....which is what we needed anyways.  Purchase arrived exactly as predicted.  No complaints here!
B00BLOQ5LM Great socks I'd bought a pack of these at TJ Maxx, and they didn't have any more in subsequent visits, so I bought these.  Naturally, I paid MUCH less at TJ Maxx, $18 is really overpriced for these.  That being said, they're great socks.  The soles are thick, they have good arch support, but my favorite feature is the extra little padding at the top of the heel, to prevent the socks from slipping down into your shoes.
B00BLOQ5LM Comfortable - have bought before - don't slip Comfortable - have bought before - don't slip down too muchGood quality and designWould definitely recommend these socks
B00BLOQ5LM The best, but overpriced. Loved the socks.  The most comfortable I've ever worn. However, I paid $18 per package but the price from the manufacturer read $14.
B00BM9YL6M Awesome puma sport socks !!! These pumas are like no sock I have ever worn. The material retains it's structure and keeps protecting the foot during hard workouts!!  Thank you puma!!!
B00BMTXV36 Great! Very happy with socks I purchased for my son. They fit well and do not slide off of his feet like alot of the other infant socks.
B00BMTXV36 : ) my boys love these puma socks. these socks fit very well and so far they are holding up very well.
B00BS9LAE2 Worth the extra money! We really like these socks. That hold up to constant use and washing and always look great. They are worth paying a little more.
B00BS9LAE2 Perfect socks These are the perfect height/rise for low-rise socks with my sneakers, and I love the color combos included! They are really nice thick fabric but not too hot or fluffy, and are perfect for working out. The fit is great - I wear a size 7 normally. They have held up really well through washes.
B00BS9LAE2 Good Quality Socks. These socks are well made. No easy wear and tear of the toe and the heal as I have found with some other socks.  Seems to be reinforced in those areas.
B00BS9LAE2 Comfy socks These socks are very soft, warm. I don't use them for running, just keeping my toes warm in the house. nice.
B00BS9LAE2 Cool colors! Great athletic socks in fun colors! True to size, great for gym or work!  If you like bold and comfort, you'll like these!
B00BVYTYSS Stay put Socks that slide down into your shoe aggravate me.  These don't!  They should put it on the label.  I usually have to purchase several pairs to see which ones perform.  So, I was very pleased with these.
B00BVYTYSS Great, lightweight socks. These socks are great to wear with running shoes, or even dancing or cycling shoes.  They are cute and low and give your ankle a good look!
B00BVYTZLO Not as cushy as I've come to expect from Puma running socks I like Puma socks for running because they tend to be very cushy both in the heels and at the balls of the feet.  I was surprised and disappointed when these arrived to find that they're actually really thin.  Not only not as comfy for running, but thinner socks like this tend to stretch out and deteriorate much faster than the thicker, cushier kind.
B00BVYTZRS Best socks ever! I love these socks. I have bought numerous packs of them in the past and keep coming back to them. I wear them to work all the time with black shoes and black pants. They fit great and they don't make your feet hot.  LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!
B00BVYTZRS Favorite socks! These are my favorite socks for running, I hate socks that are too thick.  These are perfect.  They hold up well in the wash.  I couldn't find them on here again when I was looking for them though..
B00BVYU130 The only sock we buy. In a house with three women we go through the workout socks like crazy! Over the span of a year we have replaced all of our workout socks with these. They wash great, stay where you put them, and look great after mud and sweat and constant use and washing.
B00BVYU130 Love!! These are my favorite socks!! They are a little thicker and have remained soft after many washes.  My feet are always cold so they work really well but I would not recommend if your feet sweat.
B00BVYU130 Quality socks These socks are comfortable and seem well-made so far. I don't expect them to fall apart. They are thick compared to most socks of this type. They are large enough that they did not get pulled down from my ankle with movement.
B00BVYU130 Comfortable These Puma socks are comfortable and just the right fit. The amount of padding is just right to give comfort without making the fit tight.
B00BYGV6X4 good quality socks Like these socks, but they are a bit smaller in size than I expected. I intended on them being for my 5 year old, but was able to use them for my 3 year old
B00BYKA6OA Still too small for my size 12 feet I hope no one with feet larger than mine purchased these socks.  They did not stretch out with wear or washing either.
B00C5TN7G8 Super Socks! These ankle socks are thick and soft. They feel like they'll last for years. They have arch support, but it's not overly compressed -- I don't have to struggle with them to get my foot inside. Purr-fect! Way to go, Puma!
B00C5TN7G8 Cool Socks Very comfortable and well made.  The mesh ventilation on top really helps to keep one's feet cool.  Great for the gym.
B00C6BPP10 Four Stars Fit a little to tight with socks but I like them.
B00C6MI48A great socks I have previously loved my puma ankle socks in the past whichs have lasted several years and worn very well, so I went ahead and ordered a package of these puma brand crew socks.  They arrived and are of the same high quality, super soft, well constructed and a great amount of stretch to stay up but not constrictive and leave those nasty too-tight lines on my ankles I have gotten from cheaper socks. They wash well and hold there size and shape. These are definitely worth the slightly higher price and I would recommend them to anyone looking for an everyday or athletic sock.  I will be ordering another package in black.  This item fits me great and I wear a women's shoe size 11.
B00C6MI48A Great! I pour concrete all day so my feet are very important to my job and these socks are great for that. They keep my feet comfortable. Anything that helps me with my job, Id like to own.
B00C6MI48A Best Socks Ever!!!! I actually bought these socks from Costco but they are the best socks I have ever worn. They feel high quality and fit great (I wear a mens size 9). I would recommend them to anyone.
B00C6MI48A best pair of socks I've ever had I'm writing about socks, I know.. but these really are excellent socks. Enough padding on the bottom yet they're airy on top so you never really get too sweaty. They hold up too. Great buy.
B00C7ACUAE Nice set of socks Puma socks are some of the best socks I've ever owned. Not only do they hold up extremely well time after time, but they also don't fall apart or stretch out like many socks do. They remain very comfortable even after watching several times.
B00CAJXM0Y the back is too high A little loose for the size but it is not bad having more room for socks. However, the back digs into ankle which makes it uncomfortable.
B00CAK9ZCC LOVE IT Great but i always wear socks cause without socks it hurt my feet a little bit but over all very good for 20$
B00CAX73IW Not good at all for the price I am not big on reviewing anything, but these socks were bad enough for me to be compelled to comment.  I wear size 13, the top of the size range for these socks, but I like socks to be tight.  These seemed like they were about 3 sizes too big.  They were thin, and the socks were so loose they pretty much fell off my feet when I walked in stocking feet, much less with shoes on.  For how much these socks cost, they are horrible.  I strongly recommend against buying them.
B00CHLLPMW Nice and bright The socks seem a bit thin, but have done fine with wash and wear. Overall they fit well and the colors are great!
B00CTA4ARS No sliding Nice thickness and the top of the heel knob keeps the socks from sliding down into your shoe.
B00DBDVDA4 Good quality socks Compared to other brands these socks are thicker and the quality is better. I'm completely happy with these socks. :)
B00DBDVDA4 NEW FAVORITES! These are my new favorite socks. Great thickness on the bottom and breathable on the top. Definitely recommend and everyday wear and athletic wear.
B00DBDVDA4 Great sport socks good cushioning
B00DBDVDA4 Perfect Comfortable, look nice, do their job well. Loving them. Probably going to order more, maybe in white too. Some of the best socks I've ever bought.
B00DBDVDA4 MUCH MUCH BIGGER These socks are no were near small enough to fit a person with shoe size 6...I wear 9.5 and the heal of these socks is on my Achilles tendon! I don't recommend those to a friend.
B00DBDVDA4 Great Socks!! Super high quality! I have PF and these socks are a nice tight fit and give me a little bit of extra support that i need.  I wear a size 12 so if you have a smaller shoe size you experience may differ.  They are comfortable and high quality.  I have about 50 pairs of socks of all different varieties, but i always look for the Puma socks in the drawer because they fit so well.
B00DBDVDA4 Great for running I bought these socks to be my all-purpose work out socks and they're definitely living up to my expectations. Great all-around low cut sock. Very breathable and snug but not too tightly fitting.
B00DBDVDA4 Husband Approved My husband loves Puma low cut socks. He's on his feet all day at work and these socks keep him comfortable. I always order socks similar to these whenever he's running low.
B00DBDVDA4 Cool Socks Just like the white ones and grey ones I bought, these socks are well ventilated with mesh tops and keep one's feet cool.  Great for the gym.
B00DBDVDA4 Great buy. Very comfortable socks for high intensity workouts and cycling.Would buy them again for sure. Wish it had some other color options.
B00DBDVDA4 Great socks,,,, Love em!!! Fit great, don't slide down in my shoes while running, feet stay dry......will buy more when I need them. Very nice quality
B00DBDZF3A very good value these socks are very well made and comfortable. they stay put on your foot and seem to take into account comfort in the area of articulation( on the top of your foot) at the ankle.
B00DBDZF3A and there is no annoying seam at the toe you know how you have to rotate and pull on most socks so the seam is not under the toe.These have no seam, and are my favorite socks ever!
B00DBDZF3A I love these socks I love these socks. They are comfortable and last a very long time. I destroy socks pretty quickly and I had a set of these I purchased half a year ago (average lifetime of a sock for me) and they are all still in great shape. I just bought more and threw away the rest of my socks that aren't Puma.
B00DBDZF3A One size does not fit all !!!!!! I purchased these socks on line because I own puma socks and they are great. These puma socks the elastic on top are way to tight and unforgiving. Had to give them to my son and he to is experiencing the same thing.
B00DBDZF3A Love them! My boyfriend loves these socks.  He likes that they don't have flashy logos on the shaft.  He also likes how supportive and comfortable the sock is to ware.
B00DBDZF3A These are not the right sizes!! These are the best socks out there! But they didn't send the right size. They advertise 6-12.5 but they send out really large socks larger than 10! Wish they would send me the right size then I would put 5 stars!
B00DBDZF3A Four Stars Great socks but very tight fitting on calf
B00DBDZF3A Great as dress socks too -- limits sweat very well I have sweaty feet (...yup) but these socks help limit that issue. I bought these from puma because 4 or 5 years ago I bought similar ones and they're finally getting holey. These ones seem more durable, too. I wear these daily as dress socks even though they're meant for sports. Elastic isn't too tight like a similar pair of Nike socks I bought. These are the best socks on the market as far as I can tell.
B00DBDZF3A It's a sock I purchased some of these socks earlier and really like the fact that they stay in place and fit well.
B00DFPC6Z4 love em These socks are perfect.  I wear a size 12 or 13, depending on the shoe, and these socks fit perfectly!  They aren't too tight and definitely not too loose...would recommend if you like comfortable socks that are a little bit thicker than Hanes or FOTL.
B00DOEGVA2 But It is a close fit, will have to wear thin socks. A half size would have been a perfect fit.
B00DY6160A Comfy slip on! This shoe is very comfy, and I love the black since it doesn't show dirt/scuffs. It's also high enough on the upper that I can wear pedi socks, or low cut toe socks and it won't show at all. Love this shoe!
B00EDOMUYI stylish running shoes Very stylish, comfy i am a 10.5 and on the advice of others i ordered the 11.Wished i would have stayed at 10.5 as these are just a bit big.  Maybe with thicker socks it will fit better.
B00EDOR4L2 but I still love them! I need thicker socks, but I still love them!
B00ETHZV2M Pretty comfy, hard to get used to if you ... I have really wide and large arch feet. Pretty comfy, hard to get used to if you wear flats and sandals a lot. Over all they are pretty. Oh yea you might want to wear socks that are tight around the ankle cause my socks slide down by my heel...
B00FK9S8UU these are great socks! I had been looking for these socks because I had a couple pairs and found it hard tofind them in stores. So glad I was able to purchase some more. My favorite low sockto wear with sneakers.
B00FKC4YM8 Puma socks Good quality puma socks, fits to size, and comes with allPastel colors...would recommend! Fasr delivey, arrived on time.Thanks
B00GJQYD4S Love these Socks Excellent pair of quarter socks.Very soft and comfortable, and fit like a glove.will purchase more in the very near future
B00GOMDGHM Great Socks These socks are very comfortable. Great price for six pairs. Well worth the money .they fit perfectly with a little bit of cushion.
B00GOMDGHM Great Socks I love how these socks fit. I guess my only complaint is that my feet do get warm with these socks. They are soft and comfortable.
B00GOMDGHM Great It's just what I wanted.  Fits good and comfortable for working out! I would buy more puma socks from Amazon
B00GOMDGHM Mostly great I love how soft these socks are. They keep my feet comfortable during a workout. The part of the sock that goes where the arch of your foot is is just a little bit more elastic than the rest and it helps them really stay in place. I love that. The only part I don't like is how tall they are. I always fold down the tops.
B00GOMDIMU Awesome I bought these with gym intentions. Now I'd rather wear these than anything else! I did some probably over-done research on comfortable socks, but it was worth it. Nothing annoys quite like unreliable socks. These do not disappoint.
B00GOMDIMU Love these socks I live these socks! They are super soft, look really cute with different workout outfits and most importantly, don't slide down from my hill.
B00GOMDIMU Love these socks! I wear a women&#8217;s size 10-11 and I worried these would be a little too small (even though the package says size 9-11).  However, I was pleasantly surprised that they fit well.  They're very comfortable with support for the arch of my foot and extra padding in the heels.  I will be purchasing more of these in the future.  I also think they're very cute and the boys won't steal my girly socks anymore!
B00GOMDIMU Love these I really love these socks, they fit snug but not tight at all.  They are great for working out in or just every day.
B00GOMDIMU Comfortable, soft I really like these socks. The only negative is that since they are all different colors, they might not be the best purchase if you're like me and lose socks a lot. You can't match the singles if they aren't the same color!
B00GOMDIMU Great socks Great, comfy and do not slip down into my shoes which is great. Thick and good quality. Would buy again
B00GOMDIMU Good choice The socks are great, just not as thick as I prefer. The fit and style are just what I expected.
B00GOMDIMU Overall good running sock. These socks are good thickness with extra thickness on bottom. They keep my feet dry and do not bunch while runnng. My only issue was the the stitching was completely missing from the &#34;P&#34; on one of the socks; so, I threw that pair away.
B00GOMDIMU S.O.C.K.S. These are comfortable.  They fit my size 7 feet perfectly.  I just received these socks about 2 weeks ago, and they already have many miles on them.
B00GOMDIMU I like these socks These are nice fitting socks. I have a size 10-11 foot, wide and these guys are nice little socks. Not overly supportive, but they're a good fit for walking.
B00GOMDIMU great sox for Florida These socks are very light and the low cut works for me.  They are bargain priced and have a good color range.
B00GOMDIMU Happy These socks are great and fit perfect. I was pleased that they do help reduce the swelling of my feet after a long day of walking around.
B00GOMDIMU Nice pair of socks Fits perfectly and very soft. Love the different colors as well. I will buy more in the future and maybe just the plain white.
B00GOMDIMU Puma socks These socks were exactly what I was looking for. I love the material and they fit well. They are very comfortable.
B00GOMDIMU Very good Fits nice and they are thicker than the flimsy walmart socks after so many wears ur toes poke out.defintely would buy again
B00GOMDIMU Good brand of socks. I've ordered Puma socks before and they are a good, snug fit. Perfect for running or just around the house use.
B00GOMDIMU Expensive but worth the money These Puma runner socks fit very well and were super soft and comfy. I have very narrow feet and while they felt snug, it was definitely not too tight and never accidentally slipped off. I also loved the different colors they were trimmed with.
B00GOMDIMU love these socks These socks are very comfortable and warm. So nice that I ordered more to put in my daughters Easter basket
B00GOMDIMU Super soft! They're perfect, thick bottoms and super soft! I will be ordering these again I. The near future. Thank you for the perfect socks!
B00GOMDIMU Snag City. The socks fit well and are comfy and warm, but if you are a person who walks through the house in only socks? Skip these. They snag and get pilly on the first wear.
B00GOMDIMU Nice socks! these socks are still nice and soft after a quite a few washes, I am pleasantly surprised.  the colors do not fade either, Nice!
B00GOMDIMU They are cute It feel so soft, I do like them, even they are not for me, I would recommend this product, nice Puma socks
B00GOMDIMU Good These socks are very comfortable and warm. They fit well with any pair of shoes and they are softer than expected.
B00GOMDIMU Great Product, Great fit, Very Comfortable! I would recommend this product to anyone who doesn't mind a heavyish sock.  They are very comfortable and I wear them whenever I wear my sneakers.  If your feet sweat a lot and/or you need lightweight socks I wouldn't recommend this product as the amazing padding (which is what makes them super comfortable) makes the socks a little heavy weight....
B00GOMDIMU Just as expected I love these socks. They always last way longer than other socks and they don't slip down! I have very narrow feet and these always fit wonderfully.
B00GOMDIMU Perfect Fit!! These socks are perfect!  I've been wearing the same running socks for years so decided it's time for new ones.  I love these.  They are cushioned just enough and fit perfectly!  My first run in them was so nice and I'm so glad I finally got new ones.  Oh - and they keep your feet dry and comfortable too.  I won't dry them in the dryer just in case it's too hot for the rubbery design that is the padding.  I think they'll last a long time that way.  Definately a good buy.
B00GOMDIMU Love these socks for my work outs These socks are great. I have fairly large feet (9.5 women's) and most women's socks in my size range are slightly small on me which ultimately leads to blisters. These fit me snugly but not tight, and the heel comes up far enough to prevent blisters. I also love the colors!
B00GOMDIMU great socks needed some new socks and i love these, they fit true to size and are comfortable i wear a size 8 shoe and these fit just fine
B00GOMDIMU A bit pricey, but worth every penny!! Get them! These are honest to god, the best socks I have ever worn. I usually have the problem of my socks slipping down to my arch, but I wore these to work and had no problems. I also wore them to bed and they were still on in the morning. They're cushy on the bottom but slim on the top. The perfect sock. Seriously, get these socks. You won't regret it.
B00GOMDIMU Finally... Soft, warm, comfy socks that I love! My feet are always cold and you can't put a price tag on your feet!!!
B00GOMDIMU Great Running Socks These are far better than any socks I have tried. They have nice cushion and it helps my feet not get too hot or hurt. Will buy more!
B00GOMDIMU Comfy socks Socks wear well. Good fit. Comfy as stated in title. I wear them daily with no problems. I would recommend.
B00GOMDIMU Softest socks ever! I wasn't sure if these socks would be worth the price, but they are.  They are extremely soft.  They have a thick bottom and a slightly tighter band of fabric around the arch, which keeps them in place.I may order another set soon.
B00GOMDIMU Great These socks are the perfect fit they are not tight like mist socks I will be ordering more thank you love them
B00GOMDK9Q Cheap socks, expected too much These run a bit small for my size 10 foot, which is at the top of the range. Launder just fine.
B00GOMDK9Q still searching for socks that don't pill Wash these socks once, and there are pills all over them. I'd love to find some socks that don't pill. Still on the hunt. They also seem a little thin.
B00GOMDK9Q They fit! I have large feet and these socks actually fit!  They are comfortable and don't slide down as you walk.  I will buy them again.
B00GOMDK9Q Just what I was looking for! Love these socks.  They stay up, aren't too tall etc. Overall a perfect fit!
B00GOMDK9Q lightweight but too tight These Puma Women's Non-Terry Runner socks were very lightweight but for my size 8 and wide foot, they are uncomfortably tight and did not feel stretchy enough. I wish I could return them.
B00GOMDK9Q Great socks Comfortable and cute .. I use them for working out. They are a little small for my size 9 feet
B00GOMDKBO I love these socks These socks are awesome! I love that they are in color bc that way mine don't get confused with the other girls' socks in my house.
B00GOMDKBO thinner socks, fit really well I wear women's shoe size 7, these socks fit perfectly. I like the brightly colored pumas (they look good with my neon pink running shoes). They are a little thinner than my usual sports socks.
B00GOMDKBO socks They are not made with cotton, i slip and slide in my shoes and on tile floors. I will give them away and buy another brand. I would not recommend this brand of terry sock.
B00GOMDKBO good socks. I really like these socks. I'm an 8 1/2 and these feel great. plush and soft but airy. Print makes them easy to match in the laundry.
B00GOMDKBO Puma socks I love puma socks and have worn them for years. These are not the thicker material I was expecting. I suppose that's my own fault for not knowing what non-terry meant. One of the socks had a hole in it. Overall I still liked them- just like the terry material ones better.
B00GOMDKBO comfy ankle coverage Love these socks! They're thick and soft, comfy and the ankle length is long enough to wear with my midi hiking boots.
B00GOMDKBO Perfect These socks fit just as expected  and they are very comfortable also the patterns on them are very cute  I love them
B00GOMDKBO Very Happy With Purchase Socks were of excellent quality with knitted design on both sides (not printed on!) They don't get eaten at the heels by your running shoes.
B00GOMDKBO Wanted black socks so they don't turn dingy, love the tight knit of Puma sock, disappointed they get holes so quickly. I love Puma socks because I can wear them all day and while I sleep and wake up the next morning and they're still tight. But these ones get holes after only wearing them maybe 6 days total! So even after spending this much I'm tossing them with holes in the balls of the foot or the big toes! Oh well, will try a different set of socks next time, definitely won't buy them again.
B00GOMDKBO A little tight around the ankles These socks are adorable. Not to thick and the colors are so spring-like. The only problem is they are somewhat tight around my ankles. I assume they will loosen as I wear and wash them. That is the only downside to these though.
B00HR18QFG Great Socks! Comfy and fits my 3 yr old perfect. She where's a size 7 shoe. A good amount of socks for the price!
B00HSH997S These are for women, not girls. :) Thank you for the socks. They were great for my wife, but I was getting them and they appeared to be for my little 5-year old girl.
B00HSH997S Little feet I am a 4'11&#34; woman who has to go to the kid section to get socks.  I hate buying things online without trying them on, but you can't try socks on anyway.  I am very active and I love these socks!
B00HSH997S Perfect fit thick socks Great quality of socks, the little decor neon colors look great on the kids and are good to identify the socks.Pros+ Great quality, thick, soft cotton, durable+ Girls and boys use it in my house, they are not either girly nor masculineCons- Not seen.
B00HSH9C4I Great value Good socks. Really cute! Not sure what else to say. My feet are on the bigger end of the spectrum of the size I got. They fit great.
B00HSH9C4I Too small Had to donate as I had pulled all the tags off to try them on. What a waste of money, although at least someone will be able to benefit from new socks.
B00HSH9C4I High quality Does what we would expect from quality socks. No apparent large ads and fits comfortably over feet. Seem to be durable as well.
B00HSH9C4I Puma Socks Great price. Very cute. Great fit for anyone 7-8 in shoe size (women's). Got the sock right away and they are perfect for tighter shoes.
B00HSH9C4I Great socks for a great price! These socks fit just as expected, and weren't too small or too large. So far they have held up very well, especially considering the amount of wear they've endured. I cycle a lot, which puts a decent amount of friction within the fibers. They haven't developed any holes thus far, after owning them for over a month.
B00HUXSZ0W Great Socks My boys love the new high performance socks, but they're so expensive. These are affordable and my boys really love them. At this great price I can afford to keep them in these socks. Please keep providing great products at great prices. Thanks!
B00HUY9HVC Misleading sizing These socks very very small and cannot be worn by my daughter.  They would fit a toddler.  Very disappointing.  We bought based on the sizes listed.
B00HWZNHY2 Love this socks! I loved these socks - great price, nice styling, they seem to not be cheaply made either.  They wash well too.
B00HWZNHY2 Perfect I just received the socks and I love them! They're super comfortable and are made of a great quality. Perfect.
B00I6D977A i love this These socks are kills. They fit well and are of good quality. I recommend that you buy them if you want true value for your money.
B00I6D99M8 This area great for my 3 yr old These puma socks are great for the summer for my 3yr old. Make not that this is the thin version of PUMA socks, not the typical thicker kind.
B00I6D99M8 Loved the socks loved the sock but they were a bit smaller that I expected but will do. They washed up nicely also, did not shrink in the wash like so many other socks I have gotten in the past.
B00I9V1LXC I love these socks! I have purchased these socks before for my son, and each time, I am very happy with them.  They fit perfect, have a nice cushion and stay put on his foot.
B00I9V1O4S toddler socks These appear to be very good socks and I have no concerns with quality.  However, when looking at the description I took &#34;boys 8-20&#34; to be the general size and assumed they were for a young boy;  the sizing info was of no help when I looked.  I purchased a size 5-6.5 sock for my 9 year old as he wears size 5 shoes and they fit my two year old who wears about size 8 toddler shoe perfectly.  Again, nice socks but sizing seems a bit unclear.
B00IOWNMOM They are very comfortable. They look great on my feet I wear a 8.5 and these socks fit perfectly. They are very comfortable. They look great on my feet, however I found a whole in the bottom after only wearing them for a few hours of work. If you are looking for long lasting durable socks you should probably go with a different brand.
B00IOWNMOM great socks as always I love them. Other similar pairs have always held up very well and they're cushy and comfortable. These are great socks
B00IOWNMOM Perfect for working out My daughter who is ten already wears a size 7.5 so we are always borrowing each others socks. She loves them and they keep her feet dry when running around at school and I love them for the gym.
B00IY2KHL8 Great socks Fit great and my grandsons say they are comfortable.  Love them!  I will be ordering more of the same.  Hopefully they are available in other colors, but the orange is fun!
B00IZP0IVS just socks Just your basic socks.  Could be thicker material.  Nice to get so many pairs for the price.  I have no complaints about these, nor anything to rave about.
B00IZP0IVS Puma Women's Socks I love these socks as much as someone can love socks.  They are very comfortable, do not slip or slide into my shoes.  They are the perfect amount of sock for me because I like to keep my legs uncovered.  These are warm enough yet breath.  I wear a size 8 1/2 to 9 shoe with a wide toe area.  The fit is so great and hugs to the entire foot with no loose or sagging areas.  They almost feel like I am not wearing a sock.  The colors match my outfits beautifully as well, so I don't mind letting them show. They seem to be made of a durable material, not thin like many socks, but also not too thick, so it seems they will not wear through easily.
B00JAJK9XU Love these socks! I purchased these so the boys in my family would stop stealing my socks!  Because they're 'cute and girly' they go missing far less.  They are extremely comfortable with arch support and added padding in the heels.  I will be purchasing more of these in the future and I would highly recommend them to anyone.  I do wear a women&#8217;s size 10-11 and they fit me well. (I bought the size 9-11 pack)
B00JMCRPXW Good socks Good quality socks.  Correct fit.  No complaints.  They have not shrunk in the wash nor diminished in quality.  If I need more socks, I will purchase more of these.
B00JREU44M Better fit and quality than Nike I have found Puma socks to be fantastic fit and quality.  Not too thick, not too thin, a little extra elastic through the arch and not too tight around the ankle but doesn't slip down.  Used to buy Nike but this sock is much better.
B00JRGK8NM Love these socks! Grey socks are hard to find.  I recently bought a pair of lowcut grey sneakers and all of my athletic socks are either black or white.  I love how the grey look with the sneakers and they are lightweight and comfortable.
B00JRH0UVQ Super soft, great fit! These are great socks. I own about 15 pairs of them. They also seem to hold up well over time.
B00JS2OQXI Socks not wearable My husband usually wears a higher athletic sock but thought he would like to try the low cut style. They are too tight around the top of the sock and is very uncomfortable and money wasted.
B00JS541X0 Comfortable, good-looking socks! Comfortable, good-looking socks. Great for summer! They are great to wear with lace-up shoes, but not so much slip-ons such as Merrell Jungle Mocs.
