B0002MAPYC Quick APO shipping but not the color shown Great service and was quick arriving to our APO address.  The shirt is great just the colors are reverse of what we thought we bought!
B0009PBHP8 dissapointed I ORDER JUST THE SAME TENNIS WE CAN SEE IN THE PICTUREI RECEIVED SOMETHING DIFFERENT, WRONG SIZE, WRONG COLOR AND ANOTHERMODEL.I SEND THEM BACK BUT STILL WAINTING TO SEE THE REFUND IN MY CREDIT CARD.THE OTHER SHOES WERE OK AND I M USING THEM NOWTHANKS IN ADVANCED
B000C4XHJA Puma socks rock! I love these socks.  My style is a bit understated, so I would have preferred less &#34;loud&#34; color accents, but I realize these colors are popular right now.  I got past the color because I love how comfortable they are!
B000CCZ740 Very uncomfortable I've been trying to love these shoes for three weeks now but all I have to show for my effort is a foot full of blisters. I bought them from a very reputable running store where I know all of the employees and I'm quite sure the fit was fine. But hey, you may have a different experience.I've also found that the run itself is alot harder on my knees than the runs I take with my Asics 2090s.Finally, be careful in making your color selection. It's fun to sport the yellow but it's really, really hard to coordinate this color with anything in your wardrobe.
B000ESFLN4 Great shoe Retro is good - light weight, simple, not overstyled, and very comfortable.  I'd buy more, but evidently they quit making them as I can't find any in my size and color choice.  Too bad.
B000FEFSF8 flip flop flats for feet comfy, great color,puma rocks, i think puma is almost a forgotten company with a unique style
B000FPLEOG love these! I had these shoes in about three color combinations and might reorder again since they were upgraded to a different design.I enjoy slip on shoes hate shoe laces. i've received many compliments on them
B000IMS9MG Love these pants These are very comfy, soft, and warm puma athletic pants. The bright pinkish color may not be for everyone, it is a hard color to match, but I love them too much for that to matter.
B000NCZNR0 Good value for your money The item arrived in a timely manner in good condition.  It's true these things are half size small.  The color is white, which is kinda gay, but hey, I couldn't care less.  I just want something affordable with above average performance.
B000R4XHRC Love my Pumas Great fit and it hey compliment my OSU gear! Gooooo Bucks... I love the rich red color and they are quite comfortable!
B000R4XHRC Throwbacks These are the best Puma's ever designed and made. I'm on my third pair in a lifetime. I love them, it's just a matter of personal color choices. I must add, they are very comfortable and lightweight.
B000R4XHRC i felt it  to  narrow in my feet, (  this is the  third  pare of shoes  y get,,  the other  two y got them on the sotre,) The color  an style  was  I spected,,  I love this style,  and the  price  was a good deal, I will buy them again soon using this way
B000R4XHRC Love the GV Special Have this shoe in about 10 colors. Hopefully they keep making more color ways. I always order 1/2 size up.
B000REX1DW Great shoes! These shoes are both stylish and comfortable. I am planning on purchasing another pair in a different color!
B000WR95ES beautiful piece one of the most beautiful pieces to give away, my girlfriend was impressed with the color that is also a very subtle pink, besides the screen design is very innovative.
B000WS0LCM Light color This is a very nice watch. It is not too heavy and is a nice shade of pink. My only problem was in the watchband. It got dirty very fast and I was unable to clean it off. The plastic that the band was made of was covered in a type of lacquer that also came off. The bottom part of my watchband is currently a grayish pink color. Because of this issue I stopped wearing my watch a few of months after buying it. If you are thinking about buying this model I would suggest a darker color.
B0013THNAW DONT LIKE THE COLOR- WRONG COLOR The color is different from what they send so donot like it. I wont recommend  it to nobody make sure u send the same color
B0014DWEEC This is a classic track jacket!!!! I was so glad to find this track jacket for the price! It fit perfectly & comfortably!!! It's a great color & great craftsmanship!!!
B00173AILK Cheap and great I like glasses in that color, and I love Puma brand. It was the perfect combination for me: price, brand and color
B001AZI6WI fast service not only did I find my Clydes in a color that is very hard to find, the shoes arrived at my door (from west coast to east coast) in 10 days! I love my shoes!
B001B52VLO Sharp little sneaks! I love these Puma Speed Cats. I was able to get them in white w/ pink which is my favorite color in sneakers and I can't believe the great price that I got them for! They have a very sleek design and the detailing is beautiful. They only need to be worn a few times to break them in. Very good deal!
B001B8C7YW ehh Its alright, very poofy. The color isnt the best and it makes a trashbag noise every time you move it.
B001CHCT4U beautiful sneakers I just love this shoes. The brown color is so dark and rich that make them look so pretty. They're very comfortable too.
B001CHEOW0 Great shoes, nice color, nice texture This are great shoes, I love them, I love the brand and they have great personality.  They may seem expensive, but i think they worth it
B001CHG1YY Hi Guys, My son did like the shoes very much. The color and style he said were awesome:)I did like the packaging as well. It makes it easy to return/ or exchange product.Overall, you deserve a five stars :)Satisfied Customer
B001CHG1YY Puma Suede Classic The puma is everything I thought it would be. I love the color. They are very comfortable. I would recommend it. Great price too.
B001CHG1YY I love the shoes even though they sent wrong color. I ordered these pumas since its hard to find them around shoe stores around me. I was very excited to receive these, I ordered black but they came light blue. Fell in love with shoes but says little about packaging procedures.
B001CHG1YY Wonderful Great sneakers  they are perfect for what i needed. love the bright red color. i wear them all the time.
B001CHG1YY Retro look is awesome! I had a pair like these back in the early 80's so I couldn't resist trying them. The quality is good and the suede is very nice. Only thing I wish they came with laces the color of the dark blue suede so the red stripe would stand out more. They do come with both red and light gray laces but the gray laces don't look right to me.
B001CHG1YY Color bleeds These shoes look great but every pair of socks is now stained red as is the bottom of some of my pants
B001CHG1YY Casual Pumas These shoe look and feel great.  The color was just right as well as the weight.  I think for the price it was a bargain.  Puma has come a long way.  They are no longer just for soccer/futbol.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes! Being an old fogey, I grew up with this style and I am so happy they are making them again.  The color choices are also great.
B001CHG1YY Classic Kicks I used to rock Puma Suede back in the day and love the fact that I still can!! Great color selection and crafmanship make this a kick a** shoe!!
B001CHG1YY Pink Pumas Except for a little too small we are very happy with these sneakers.The color is great and they appear well made.
B001CHG1YY Sharp looking sneaker The  sneakerscaught my eye because of the color. I bought the sneakers a 1/2 size bigger and they fit perfectly. I received the sneakers very fast and I am  very pleased with the purchase.
B001CHG1YY Classics in a great color A classic shoe, I have had a few pairs of these in my lifetime, and this pair is no different. The Grey White is a great combo, they look awesome with jeans. Overall very happy.
B001CHG1YY Perfect color These are a really great shade of blue and are really close to the color shown on the product page.I have a couple of these in different colors and I love the retro look just like back in high school(back in the day)when my parents couldn't afford to buy this style shoe for any of their children but we had shoes,and food in our bellies.Once I stumbled on the first pair of these I knew I had to have them just because I always loved this style with the suede and the colors.They fit well with the thinner sport socks and snug with thicker cotton/blend socks.And I don't recommend wearing these everyday as I've always heard if you can afford it buy&#34; really well made shoes&#34;if you want to wear them  as an everyday shoe or have a few to several pairs of shoes to switch with that are of course comfortable and these are comfortable.I highly recommend this shoe!
B001CHG1YY Love theses shoes have them in every color Very comfortable and have that nistalgic look I have them in every color. definitely get some you won't be disappointed
B001CHG1YY Got them as a gift Unique color, very clean, and fits true to size. The person I got them for loved them.
B001CHG1YY just classic puma they got some other color seude puma old school  classic love puma take to back in the day special in the 70 80 they be around for long time and still love them. special whent i use to break dance b boys love them i got other color classic still in the box they will never play out  they got more them 30 years i hope they don't stop making them
B001CHG1YY great color as I expected The color and quality of the pair of shoes are great. That's what I expected to be. Highly recommended. 5 stars
B001CHG1YY Loved them My husband ordered these sneakers and he just raved about how much he loved them. Color, size, all exceptional!! He will definitely be a repeat customer.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes Had already green ones, this color is also nice
B001CHG1YY classic What can I say, It's Puma suede classic man. I owned one in 90's and just got in Olympic blue color. How can I describe? Comfy, beautiful, cool. Do I need to say anything else? Just get pair, you won't regret!
B001CHG1YY Puma These Puma classics seem like a good shoe. Would have to add, the green stripe is more of a mint green color. They were a tad bit big so my son has yet to wear them.
B001CHG1YY Fly as hell, especially for the price! These things shipped super quick with my prime account. 2 days after ordering I was wearing them on valentines day. They fit better than most of the other shoes I own and the color scheme and trim is ever better than the pictures let on. Will def become my daily rockers.
B001CHG1YY Like the look and feel but... Like the look and feel but... but the Cabernet color bled onto the white swoosh within 3 hours of first putting them on.  The burgundy color also bled on to my white laces, so I went back to the red so it wouldn't be noticeable.  I fought with myself about lower this to 3 starts but they are way too comfortable and the still look good.  I will probably buy another color soon because after all they are cheap enough to own more than one pair.
B001CHG1YY exellent fit and color As I respected, this shoes are comfortable(i ordered a half size lager) and look great.also its price is very affordable so it makes me buying this shoes.love this shoes, i want to buy another colors
B001CHG1YY Nice Nice sneaker. Had to return for a half size larger. No problem with the exchange. Be aware that each color may be fulfilled by a different vendor.
B001CHG1YY Puma Review The picture of this sneaker shows a white puma strip on the side of it.  The actual sneaker has a grey strip on the side of it. Also, the sneaker appears to be a bright red but its true color is like a reddish/orange color.  The shoe laces are the only decent thing that I do like about the shoe.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes, these pair of pumas It fits great !!! Love it.so confortable .i wear it all the time!!! Amaizing shoes .beautiful color too. Thank you.
B001CHG1YY good Shoes were a lil small, even though all ky pa shoes are 10.5 but still good to use. This color of shoes are hard ro find
B001CHG1YY Good value Took a day to break in, fit correctly. Just as good as my Adidas Ciero and about the same color minus the Achilles rub and subsequent blister. We'll see if they hold up as long, though.
B001CHG1YY need different color if there same price I WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE THE COLOR MAYBE A RED OR A GREEN COLOR I WILL PICK THEM THE SAME SIZE!!!
B001CHG1YY Old School Cool! I love my sneakers! They are very comfortable and stylish. I like the classic look to them. I hope the color stays nice and bright.
B001CHG1YY These shoes are awesome. The picture doesn't do the vibrancy of the orange justice. These shoes are awesome. Will be getting these again but in another color.
B001CHG1YY puma sneaker Was tight. Will need to wear and stretched it some.  But it was made in China and they do have smaller feet.  But I do love the color and feel of the shoe
B001CHG1YY Great shoes, delivered perfectly Our only complaint is that the color is very purple--different in reality than on-line. We thought we were getting more of a blue color, but it's a beautiful purple and my husband loves the shoes.
B001CHG1YY Love the shoes Great deal!! I wore them the other day and they are very comfy. I hope to find these in another color.
B001CHG1YY Great color and fabric The color is great and I love the suede fabric. I bought them a half a size up based on other reviews and it was a good call. The reason why I didn't give 5 stars is the stitching is a little off on the right shoe so it rubs my foot a little. Overall satisfied.
B001CHG1YY Well made and beautiful color The color is exactly as depicted.  One side fits perfectly.  The other is a little tight.  They were well-priced, so I will try to get the right shoe widened a bit.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes and a great price. These are just the shoes I was looking for. The color is a cool shade of orange and they look as good as I remember them looking back in 1981, when I had a blue pair.
B001CHG1YY Just right This shoe is too comfy! The shoes looks nice with any outfit as long if you have the right color scheme.
B001CHG1YY like like but is too large and no sent color I want sent diferent color and I cant usedbut ok
B001CHG1YY Very Nice These shoes are beautiful, they are a Christmas present, are expected as the color and size as all this, thank you very much.
B001CHG1YY I love my new sneakers They are tight little but that is expected for all new sneakers. I love the color. The price was good on amazon.I can't wait to get more colors.The best part is I know my size in shoes, sneakers and in boots so shopping is easy for me online.
B001CHG1YY for my man They are a versatile color with grey and blue. Hard to keep clean but he loves them.
B001CHG1YY Waited a long time for this color I am a PUMA Suede addict and have been looking for years for this color. So happy to find it
B001CHG1YY cool colors This is an awesome shoe. It is very comfortable, the color schemes goes well together. This my third Pumas and it feels same as ever when I first purchase my first one, consistent and never fails.
B001CHG1YY Great look and fee Love the new shoes, I needed some red shoes for an event and these turned out perfectly.  Good size and fits as expected.  A good color red that stands out but doesn't seem too overwelming.
B001CHG1YY no cushion They are not a cushioned as I thought they would be. I like the color all black though. And I thought they were going to be smooth leather not sued
B001CHG1YY Shoes I will be sending them back after I am home from vacation.  They were to small and the wrong color.
B001CHG1YY PUMA Suede Classic Purchase I like the color and style.  I get complements.  The sneakers are somewhat narrow for my feet.  They also could use some more support.  All and all, with my discount, a pretty good deal
B001CHG1YY Bad fit, color description not accurate After trying on these shoes, I don't understand how there are so many good reviews. There is a seam that runs down the inside of the shoe that feels unnatural and is very uncomfortable. I have a few other pairs of Puma and they do not have this seam. The second issue is that the color description says &#34;Black/white&#34; yet the stripe on the side is actually a tan/off-white color. The sole is white but the stripe is off-white causing the stripe to look dirty right out of the box. It looks like someone splashed dirty pond water on the side of a new shoe. I'm returning these shoes.
B001CHG1YY Too big, misleading color Too big, suede was far more faded out than the image led me to believe. Did not receive the product I purchased.
B001CHG1YY wrong color and not new i bought them because my man has been wanting them for a long time now so i decided to buy them for him and when they got here they were the wrong color and they did not look new at all so sent them back and to make things worse they did not even credit me back the proper amount. hated it!
B001CHG1YY Nice I just tried it and it feels good to me. The only dismiss is the color is a little darker than the picture
B001H0EY2C Great color I have a medium width, and these are a bit small. The quality and style are great though, no issues there.
B001H0F5HU Great Sneaks! I took a chance on ordering this item. I wasn't too sure about the fit or the color. I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived 8 days after I ordered them and even felt better putting them on. Great color, style, and perfect fit. I wish they would come in other colors. I'd order more.
B001H0F9T4 Color scheme complements a reliable design. What looks like suede is actually smooth leather. Am impressed by the color scheme (grey and black) in this Mid design, with the black patent leather application as a brilliant touch. Same fit and feel just like any flat soles of yesteryears (the first air jordan is one). If you want a pair that you can wear, is an eyecatcher, and unique, this is it.
B001H311HA 917 Puma Amazing, the photo shown of these sneakers do not do them justice. They are amazing in person such vivid color
B001H31B3E great shoes This shoes are great. Super comfortable and the color looks great. So far I haven't had any issues with them.
B001OOMNOW the best these pumas are the best.  great fit, color, and amazon had them for a killer price.  makes my day.
B001OOMOM8 Not the color I was expecting I returned them because the color that is shown in the picture and the actual color are two different shades. The real color is not lemonade but a really bright off yellow color that I did not find appealing. Next time I will buy bright Pumas from a store where I can actually see them.
B001OOMUF4 Too shiny The shoe size was too small than expected and the color was too shiny than what you see here. I was expecting more subtle colors.
B001OOMWWA Puma shoes I love them, color and style, so comfortable shoes as with all Puma's. Was worried about the size but it turned out great.
B001PEW7L0 Grandsons LOVE them My two grandsons will only wear these Quater Crew sox, and they love the color options. Most kids don't mention their sox to grandmom, but these two loved that I sent them.
B001TUZFTG Perfect. I use this bag for a variety of things. Exactly what I wanted. Perfect size, great color. I am very happy with my purchase.
B001VH6TOW great style of Pumas, comfortable My son loves them. They lasted well until he outgrew them and they still look new. Would recommend, love the Dark Denim color we got! I also love that they offer wide widths!
B001VH8968 I really like the design I really like the design, are very comfortable, fit me perfectly. I love the black with very subtle details in another color. Puma sports brand is my favorite.-------------Me gusta mucho el dise&ntilde;o, son muy c&oacute;modos, me calzan perfectamente. Me encanta el color negro con detalles muy sutiles en otro color. Puma es mi marca deportiva favorita.
B001Y50VZY Comfortable and Lightweight I love the feel of these running shoes and I bought them at a very good price. The only downside is the color scheme, which is a little funky. But I am less concerned with color and more concerned with comfort, fit and performance. And there was no way I was passing up this high quality shoe for the exceptional price they were being offered at.Great shoe and looks cool also, although a bit flashy.
B0028Y501A Excellent for workouts! This is a PUMA and lives up to its name. Great fit for me. A tank which is Comfortable and is made out of good material. Like the color with the little bit of green in it. It is an ideal workout tank. Wish I could buy more of these in different colors at amazon! Unfortunately could not find anymore..
B002C4KFH0 Great shoes I'm in love.  Not the most cushy shoes ever, but the fit is PERFECT.  No laces to fuss with.  This color scheme is unobtrusive enough that you can get away with wearing them with a suit in formal circumstances.  Tons of compliments on them.  Best of all, I'm not limping by noon anymore.  Wish I could find a few more pairs in this color scheme in my size.  Best shoes I've ever owned.
B002ECFBUQ TERRIBLE!!! DO NOT BUY FROM COMET SHOES!!!Wrong order, bad customer service all around, including amazon, who said they couldn't do anything because it was a third party seller, and the color is not even close to what was ordered, terrible experience, amazon and comet suck, best to buy from a store.
B002EENFC0 Great... all around style and comfort. Although green is the accent color these can be worn with any other color. They are my husband's favorite sneakers.
B002EENI40 Great The quality is  very good the color , the size also I recommend this product I love it.Very comfort
B002EENI40 Nice Shoes Fast Shipping, cheaper than in other places, came as ordered. The color was a little off from the color on the picture but it was a nice color.
B002EENI40 Great shoes The shoes were true to size.  I would recommend them.  This is my fourth pair, I wish they had a wider variety of color.
B002EL39XS Perfect Puma's I bought this shoe for my niece and it looks amazing on her.  Every where she goes she gets complements for her Puma's.  I am planning on buying her another pair but in another color becuase it looks good.
B002EL3KQE Very cute shoes! Bought these shoes for my 18 month old son, and they are adorable.  I love the light up feature, and they seem pretty comfortable for him.  The "cherry" color is more like a dark orange, or in between a red and orange, so don't let the description "cherry" mislead you - it is a nice color though.
B002EL3KQE i love it Tennis courts are comfortable and perfect for children i loved, the light worked very well and the size was wrong, the color is striking and modern
B002EL3KQE Puma shoe these are easy for child to put on himself, kind of clunky looking but good support. color is a denim like blue.
B002EL3KQE Cute and fun 3.5yo and 18mo boys both love these shoes. They have the purple ones as well. Highly recommend color and shoe in general.
B002EL3KQE Buy them every year Super cute - go a size larger - both of my kids love them (boy and girl) - we buy them every year in a different color
B002EL3KQE Great option for light up sneaker My son has been asking me for a pair of sneakers that light up. I loved the color  options and the Puma that lite up.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes They light up with the Puma skeleton! After I got these for my boy I bought some in another color. They have pretty much every combination.
B002EL3KV4 Nice and beautiful Good material and durable. Nice and beautiful. It can be used with almost everything specially in this blue color. And confortable
B002EL3MCQ PUMA Tune Cat B is terrific Nice style and comfortable. My daughter really loves it and she ask me to buy one more with different color!
B002EL3MCQ Great! Easy to wear! Love Puma for kids. I have them all! I would love to have more color options though:). Definitely recommend it!
B002EL3MCQ good Order for grandaughter, they arrived quickly, fit, and she loved them. Would have prefered bigger color selection. I love ordering from Amazon because of speedy delivery.
B002EL3MCQ Real Tennis are nice, good quality, real color, real size, my son loves them. Delivery time was short so i feel happy with the purchase.
B002EL3MCQ Cute. I bought this for my little one and I liked it a lot. Looks so cute and the white color mixed with the black gave it a special look.
B002EZZOM8 EHHH!!!- SO,SO--SO,SO Bought for wife.  She didn't wear them much but said they were OK.  Even though she does not wear them alot they seem to be durable. I just don't think she really liked the color.
B002EZZRKC SO cute Pumas!! I ordered the black with the violet color on the bottom. I get compliments on these Pumas all the time. Not only are they stylish, but super comfortable and lightweight! Great deal. Don't hesitate!
B002KAOLGC write is a nice color i like thatit fit with my jobthe white stains stop bothering me.I need a spare one, just to have it in my closet.
B002KAOLGC Excelent Excellent product, I was perfect.My client was glad with purchase.the color is similar to the photos, and is almost iqual.
B002KAOLGC Nice color Really nice shoes. First pair in this color and they look good. Feel like all my other puma El ace's.
B002KAOLGC good shore It is on sale and with good quality. white is my faviourite color. good to wear and it is suitable.
B002KAOLGC Nice I loved their form and the color was nice too. They are really comfortable and even use them for running sometimes, got them really fast, will buy again.
B002LVV12M Puma Shoes I love these shoes. Not only is the color awesome and people comment on them all of the time but they are very comfortable. I also thought that Puma seemed to be cheap and not good for your feet but I would buy Puma again.
B002QEBOSU XS was too big.... I like the color, the fabric, but the "xs" runs a little too big. I assume that it will happen with all sizes.
B002RT8H8O Love it This is my only one sport watch and I love it. The color is just perfect, the model, the design, everything. At first, it was difficult to set but then you learn it fast. I love it.
B002RT8HZM Just Perfect I love this bag, I use it very day to go to the gym, the material is very good, I can pack a lot of things, and I love the color too.I definetely recommend this product.
B002YX0YJ8 Love these shoes! I wanted some cute casual everyday sneakers, and saw these online at nordstroms. I checked on Amazon to see if they had a better price on them, and of course they did! The size was perfect and I love the color! They are really cute and have gotten many compliments on them!
B0037KMMMY Perfect fit. I got these to replace my husband's old pair of generic sneakers.  Although they don't provide optimal arch support, he loves the style and color.  Thank you amazon for having the best price for these shoes, and in the perfect color!
B0037KMMMY Yee! Shipping was quick.The color of this shoe is of grayish silver; a bit different from the display picture,but it's alright because it looks even better!
B0037KMNAU Uglier than shown! Just not attractive,  As soon as I put them on, my wife and I both knew they would be returned!  Nothing wrong with construction, however.
B0037KMNAU Nice Puma These shoes have a nice feel to them and they look great.  Would have love to have them in another color!
B0037KMP6W Puma Etoile These are my favorite shoes of all time! I have 3 pairs in different colors (pink and silver, blue and white and also brown suede).  I have also had the Puma Soleil style, when I couldn't find the etoile style, and even though there wasn't a huge difference the stitching style and direction was poorly thought out on the toe and ripped with in a week. I want these Etoile shoes in every color!!
B0039PTGKI Big I like to use big bags and this one is what I was lookin for.It's big, soft and it has a great color for going to the gym...
B003BNY8QK My boyfriend love it Rally nice and simple ... for why its worth I think its rally cute the color, and the texture. Thank you
B003BNY96E WRONG DELIVERY 
B003DTZ62W Great! It came exactly as it looked like, its an awesome watch, very sportive and i love its color, the box is also nice, and im keeping it because of it.
B003DTZ62W wrong I was very disappointed I ordered a watch 2 months before christmas because it was a present I did not want to open it early ( big mistake !!!) When we open it on christmas I was socked everything was wrong - color, stile, name.... it looks like  5 $ watch
B003DTZ62W Shop send me the different stuff!! It's terrible thing! Because they send me the wrong one not the same show on website but too different.they put sticker on the box different serial no. And sold to me.make me so disappoint.
B003DTZICA nice color thats about it though I bought this watch as a gift for my aunt she liked the color, styling wore it for about a month and the watch pretty much fell apart. It is cheaply made, the colors on the scree faded really fast, even though I replaced the battery. Don't buy it spend a little more money and get a nice baby g shock, which is waterproof, durable and has a nice bright light. This product is a waste of money.
B003EE48UM My wife love it! The color is perfect...and The size too.... They are confortable! My wife wear it everyday! She really loves these shoes!
B003EE48UM Great looking, but really narrow. I love the way these look, but there are a couple things that annoy me. First, the "Black Coffee" color is super dark brown, almost black. This means that it can conflict with both black and brown colored clothing. The other thing is that they run very narrow. I have wide feet, so this is a problem. If you have thin feet though you'll love these. They come with black laces along with the white. I think the black look better. I do like the style of the shoe a lot, which is why I gave it four stars. I would suggest going with the Black/White color and not the Coffee color.
B003EE49MY Love Puma I love adidas and puma shoes. These are a very nice fit and attractive product. Will buy another of the same color and other colors that are available.
B003EE9O4W Puma My two  grandsons love them. I love the color combination. They have puma wamr up suits they got for Christmas
B003EE9O4W Love these!!! My 2 year old LOVES these sneakers :-)  The dark shadow color is awesome and he seems to be very comfortable in them.  Good fit and sturdy shoe.
B003EE9O4W He loves them. The fit pattern on the insole was a great idea. Great retro look and a striking blue color to match.
B003EE9O4W Love the color This is the second pair i get for my little boy 4 years old different color, design is awesome, i think they run a little small.  First pair only fitted for about 2 months.
B003EE9O4W Awesome Wish they would make these in adult sizes...great shoe!  Lightweight, easy to take off and on and very cool color!
B003EEBGQQ very nice to run and confortable I bought it from Ecuador the product arrives without problen! The size anf the color are correct!  and the product is great!!
B003EEH7NM Happy with purchase My daughter loves the color and the sneakers seem durable. They seem durable so far but she just startedwearing them.
B003EEH7NM The shoe loses its original color and stains everything black. The shoe loses its original color and stains everything black, lose color black just contact with some water and stain clothing. My son's mojo mancho stockings and black colored pants, and the whole interior is originally yellow color was brown. Not recommended,
B003EEH7NM Wrong color These shoes are a classic. i was excited for my son to get them. But Liberty blue actually means violet purple and he was quite disappointed.
B003EEHDQ8 watch out for color color description says Black/Limestone.  At first glance these shoes do not look like girl shoes but when they arrived they had a large amount of pink in them. It is written in the description when you keep on reading about the shoe, but it is not very visible when you look at the pictures. Black/Limestone/Pink would have been a better way to describe the color.
B003FZ7AEG Great! I have arthritis in my feet, but for me PUMA shoes are the most flexible to work with and easier on my feet. The color is much better in person as well.
B003FZ9TYA Color is a little off I bought these for my husband and the color was supposed to be a coffee color but it's more of a purple. My husband still wears them. The price Is great but again, the color is a little off.
B003H6DC8G Puma Ladies Runner 3 pair Excellent socks, very nice, beautiful colors, good quality. Received on time.I am very happy with this purchase,I'll buy other pair in different color very soon.
B003HSWWFI Cool Jacket!! This jacket is of great quality. Good fit. Was really impressed by the vibrant color. Will definitely buy another. Thanks.
B003LY4NK0 Black/Dark Shadow/High Risk Red/Dandelion color combination is my Choice & its a beauty! If not because of the color I pick, i would not have bought or notice it. The yellow/red/black on this shoes makes the whole packaged hard to resist. Its strikingly stunning! And its rare to find in this color anywhere else. I got lucky and found it on amazon.com. Its a popular color since its hard to find even at puma site out of stock. I normally wear a 9.5 for other shoes but 10us or 43euro on pumas. I notice that the Motorsport puma shoe styles and Trail Running shoes i bought here runs small and fits me perfect, which is us10/43euro. As for other style pumas, I wear a 9.5US.AS it turns out, this shoe not only looks good but it is also very comfortable. Fits snugly but not tight and overall feel is soft as I walk. I can wear this all day long. Now if you want a REAL DEDICATED trail running shoes then look none other then the:  La Sportiva Raptor.
B003MAJWCW Like the simple white color This shoes just fit pecfectly as I expected them to be and the solid white color I was looking for.
B003MAJWCW Nice I got these shoes very quickly they fit very nicely and I love the color the pink with black makes it look very cute!
B003MAJWCW Good Shoes great shoes.. gray is a nutrual color, so they work for just about every outfit... but not much traction on the bottoms.
B003NGJPX6 I like it the size is okaythe material is goodthe color is the same one the pictureI like it &#62;
B003ZJCEXO its good quality PUMA Men's T7 Track Jacket IS REALLY GOOD QUALITY, I LIKE IT VERY MUCH, AND IS COLOR ALSO GOOD.BUT I HAVE ORDERED LARGE SIZE,  ITS TOO BIG FOR ME.DELIVERY ALSO VERY FAST, I LIKE IT.THNX TO AMAZON.
B003ZJCEXO luv it nice color combo and i like the garments used. ill be collecting some more of this style with different clors.
B003ZJCEXO Good fit and quality It fits well and the zippers and pockets are very durable. This dark color is susceptible to cat or dog hair so you just need a lint brush.
B003ZJCEXO I like it service delivery was as expected. good. its fit well. I will probably buy another color combo. I have eye on another one but the right size is not available.
B003ZW2FJO I like it Is true the size , have good quality materials and is very easy to wearnice color , come on time
B003ZYW0CO love this This is an awesome watch the glow feature is blue, the buttons don't stick out at all so you don't get poked, the numbers are big and clear, and the date is shown also. Personally I love the bright blue, how it is all one color and that it doesn't have a ton of nonsense on the face!
B003ZYW0CO Awesome and Fun! I got the blue and the color looks real attractive! My wrist is very small so it looks a little big but still cute. The light is real cool and the readout is huge! This makes me smile!
B003ZYW0CO Blue Gray Watch It was great for the first 3 days.  Now it is blue grey.  I'm embarrassed to wear it out.  I don't know what will take this color off and am very glad I only paid $35.
B003ZYW0CO OK The watch itself is ok and no real issues with functionality.  The white color though quickly got very dirty and no amount of cleaning will restore the white color.
B003ZYXUI2 its perfect this watch it very good and beautiful, its so sport and i like enough the Green color, i recomend it
B003ZYXUNW perfect just what we expected. color of blue a little darker than anticipated.  shipping was free with supersaver through amazon.  have not used yet as it is a gift.
B003ZYXUSM great gift Shipping is good price is good  Bought for my girlfriend and she loves the color and works for her but the strap is a little to small.
B003ZYXUXC Great Product Everything about this item is FABULOUS.  I love the color.  I use it when I paddleboard, kayak and rollerblade.  Love the color and the large display of numbers.
B003ZZ1D3K Color color is not so bright as the picture, the light is not so bright in both dark and light area
B003ZZ3F7C Color changed This watch was a gift for my girlfriend and was great right out of the box. About 2 weeks of having it, it started turning a pink color. Be careful what you wear with this one. Other colors seem to be ok, white is a different story
B003ZZ3F7C Great product! This is a very durable, stylish watch, and the price was awesome!  Great product overall, and they have different colors, if you're looking to color coordinate with an outfit!
B00416BX64 BEST DEAL EVER!!!!! I got my self this shoes because my kid told me "his are so comfy"; sooooo true and I love them, and everybody give me great complements and I feel so proud to say, " I got them on-line " Thanks Amazon, I'm definitely buying another pair (different color):)
B0041D8L9O Puma purse I absolutely love the Puma bag. It's large enough for a busy mom on the go. I love the color and have gotten many compliments on it.
B0042AMTOE SUPER FREAKING CUTE! OMGSH! THE PICTURE DOES NO JUSTICE TO THESE SHOES! I'M GOING TO ORDER THEM IN EVERY COLOR!!!!!!! WORTH THE MONEY! FYI I'D ORDER A SIZE UP. IF YOUR AT 7, GET A 7.5 ;)
B0042AMYUS Great Shoes These shoes are great! They are comfortable and are a nice color that really go with about anything. I will definitely by shoes like this again.
B00439GCEM my puma adorable shoes, very good experience, I receive that in short time, I like itthe color, material is so good, are confortable and fashion shoes
B00439GCEM I Like It I had seen these in a store about a year or so, but they did not have them in my size.  I wanted this color and then Amazon sent an advertisement, I saw the shoes and ordered them right away.  I'm glad I did.
B00439GCEM Good all around shoe Love the color (a darker grey). Nice neutral color. Not for running but a great, comfortable shoe for every day wear.
B00439GCEM ... is not black at all it tends to be like green the color is not black at all it tends to be like green
B00439GCEM Very Happy These  are the most comfortable sneakers i have had to date...I got the coffee bean color but would also like to get the black ones...
B004DKQY0I little snug in width I bought for my grandson and he loved them, said they were a little snug though, great color and look
B004DKQY0I EXCELENT EXCELLENT! very good product is the size I ordered the same color, the same mudelo photo delivery was made at the time indicated 100% recommend
B004EU33NS Just Right. Needed a watch to take to London while I studied aboard. 24 hour watchface.Great when Im out running. The color is great. matches my workout clothes.
B004GB0VWG VERY CUTE BUT SIZE RUNS EXTREMELY SMALL I purchased two pairs on sale for  $52.00, the pink and the blue colors...After reading the reviews I bought them 1/2 size larger....WRONG... They were so tight they went back immediately....After seeing the shoes in person I realized I loved the pink color but didn't really care for the blue color.....I purchased them a second time....This time in size 10!!! in Pink and Orange colors.... both great colors (I usually wear an 8 1/2 in most shoes)  They are a tiny bit long but that works perfect for me as I wear thin socks with shoes....Plenty of room for my long toes....The shoes are Very light weight with thin soles and very narrow...The style is really cute as are the both colors..Even got a compliment on them.. Perfect for hot summers....I am pleased with the Puma Lanai XT***UPDATE*** AFTER WEARING THEM for the first time, for several hours, they need NO break in time..totally comfortable...I  changed the 4 stars to 5 stars!  A+ shoe and cute too!
B004GB0WR0 LOVE THESE SHOES If you need extra support and cusioning...THESE are perfect! I have two pairs.. in different colors of course! :) Love them! Perfect for running, biking, walking, and weight lifting! Love the yellow color too!
B004GB11H0 bad purchase Very disappointed! As my first time buying on Amazon I was so excited for the product I had ordered and when I received it,, it was the wrong size and the wrong color. So I was returned my money with a fee for someone else's mistake..
B004GB11Z2 Puma Shoes HelloThe request time was good.The shoes is very comfortable and like very much the color.Best RegardsLiseth Linarez
B004GB1242 My Ordered Wrong Color the color of my shoes are wrong. I am unhappy. They are the colors I wanted. Take care to give me a solution. size is fine. the mistake was in color.
B004GB1242 Awesome So into the color and really super comfy to wear. Puma so how can you go wrong! True to size.
B004GB1242 Really good Nice shoes I recommend I love classic so this puma really comfort for walk  and I like the color good combination
B004GB1242 GOOD! I like this shoes. Light and comfortable. The color is exactly the same as shown in the picture. Sale price at $22!
B004GB1242 Nice shoes They looks like they appear in this web site, are very comfortable, the color fits with all type of clothes and are very comfortable to walk, so soft at the omment of practicing some excersie........
B004GB1242 Great purchase!!! Love Puma shoes!! Awesome on the golf course or at the gym.I plan on buying more color options. Thanks!!!!!
B004GB1242 So comfortable Feels like I am walking on air. Great color. Beautiful texture. Love holes on the bottom of shoe.  Highly recommend for running.
B004GB1242 Puma Shoes My son likes the shoes so well that he is considering purchasing another pair in a different color!  Thannk you.
B004GB1242 Cool looking shoe I love these shoes.  They are very comfortable.  I've seen a few reviews that mention something about the color running.  I haven't experienced that yet.  I saw these in Amsterdam for 85 EUR.  That's about 115 USD.  The price here is a steal!
B004GB1242 Puma Kicks They came in the color and style I expected. They arrived on time. The only problem is that they run a little larger than expected.
B004GB1242 Great color At the beginning I tought they were too colorful but once I start using them I love them and I receive a lot of good compliments
B004GB12U6 super nice i bought this shoes for my dad and he love it. He uses all the time, the color is super nice, and are very comfortable.
B004GB13IM Love!! Spring is around the corner and I can't wait to finally use my new kicks. This color yellow is not to bright and not too much of a piss color. I love it!!!
B004GB14HM i like it This is the perfect shoes very confortable, i bought the black and red in store and then i saw it, and inmdiately i dicided to buy this, the color is nice, and i can used the all day.
B004GB195E THEY ARE REALLY COOL THEY ARE REALLY COOL LOOKING. Well made too. They are comfy, lightweight, and breathable. Just what I wanted!I ordered a half size up in Dazzling Blue/Limeade color.I love it love it so so much.
B004GB1A8U the perfect gift I buy this for my girlfriend and she love it, the color and material are perfect, and of corse the price
B004GB1A8U Comfy! I live in these shoes.  The color looks great with khaki pants.  The arch and support are super and seem to give me great posture.
B004GB1E7C i like it but ......... i like it but it cames wrong color, i choose the black/white but it came black with white and red!!!!! and i don't know how to contact amazon for that
B004GEAPBU Why the high price from a week ago? I ordered these shoes before and they felt good and looked good. I returned them because they were too big and Amazon sent me the wrong color. Now here I am to buy them again because Amazon wouldn't do an exchange and the price has shot up nearly forty dollars! Sorry Amazon, you should have kept my money and just sent me a new pair. I'm not paying almost $100 for these shoes when they were $65 the last time I bought them. No way.
B004GEATZ2 great shoes for your kid Excellent...it was a great deal. Thanks!!!!!!!! It arrived on time and the size fits very well for my son.Nice color and great price
B004GEATZ2 nice color my daughter wear the model now that I purchased previously, now buy it for future as bought same model before, like the new color
B004GEATZ2 The best shoes for kids This shoes are very good to the kids and very light, the color is excellent and is all of leather
B004IEU08G Smooth cleats These cleats have a very nice color and design. They are smooth and have a good grip too. This is the first time I use Puma, so far so good.
B004IWRZI6 very happy with my purchse I ordered the "Zinnia/White/Cloudburst" color just because they were cheap. I am very happy with them. The color is like marigold. They fit well, are very thin like a dri-fit material and very comfortable to work out in.
B004J4X5WS Nice Quality The shoes are just great!  I love the yellow color and it is super light weight.  I feel like i'm walking barefoot b/c their so light.
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable, very practical. I love these shoes. They are a stone/khaki color with a pencil-yellow trim. I bought these for a vacation to Disneyworld and they were very comfortable and very practical.  They are great with a causal skirt, capris, or jeans, even.  When I order another pair (perhaps in a different color), I'll order 1/2 size up; I think Puma brand runs a bit small. I will order another pair again, at some time, though. They're great!
B004J4XNNO Cute, classy and comfy! Multiple textures (from suede to shiny) make this shoe adorable, the black and white color combo is classic and goes with just about everything, and the design (part ballet flat, part sneaker) make this shoe super comfy and practical. I love them and wore them to work all day, right out of the box, with a classic white t shirt, black jacket, and dark skinny jeans. Added a bright yellow necklace for fun and a pop of color!
B004J4XNNO Puma flats! Puma ballerina flats!!!!!  fGreat shoes!! Very comfortable, true to size!  Love the color combination of black and white.  Will purchase again!
B004J4XNNO I love the Zandy shoes I have purchased several of these in different colors. The only complaint is that the fit has not been consistent from color to color.  The black is a little shorter than the others I got. The cream was cut a little shorter on top. I replaced those and the second pair was fine. When they fit right, they are extremely comfortable.
B004J4XNNO Puma zandy ballet slipper Sporty but cute and good for casual wear. Support is good but not great - but better that the standard flat shoes. True to size and no break-in required. Selected the gray color which is a great neutral color.
B004J4XNNO Super comfy & attractive Since wearing these shoes, I have received numerous compliments & comments on them.  They were immediately comfy right out of the box.  I ordered the New Navy color.
B004J4XNNO The color is in light grey, and not like in the pictures. It is almost white... Other then that... great shoe If you see in the pictures it looks like dark grey. while in reallity the color is very different. I was disappointed when I saw that.However, the shoe is beautiful, and very comptable.I have another puma shoe almost the same style in black so I ordered the same size but this is a bit bigger - it still fits thou and feel very comptable.
B004J4XNNO Cute & comfy! I've had 4 pair of these shoes in different color variations!I get so many compliments on them every time I wear them!
B004J4XQL8 Pablo Vivanco Is a excellent  product, and very cheap the shipment And also this product is very accessible for me, my color in this product is grey and size 8 for men
B004JF5R1Y I love it Good quality, good price.  excellent product, Fit perfect yhe foot of my little girl, the color is like the photo no surprise.  The size is equal that they show.
B004K00GTG loved them too cute and the color was great and I really did like the tying on the side even though I worried about that being an issure
B004KP726G Much better than I expected, which was a lot. In my experience, PUMA makes reliable & comfortable (for my somewhat-wide feet) shoes.  Never disappointed.These Faas 500 shoes I bought were so-so looking (I did not like the silver color at bottom), but after using them daily for several months, I can emphatically say THEY ARE DURABLE as well as light-weight COMFORTABLE!Nice shoestrings too; they make it easy to tie up when in a hurry to leave.Also, they have reflective material on the side, so it's safe to run at night.The only negative is the Silver color around the sole of the BLACK & Blue model I bought; the shoe would look much better if that color was preferably Blue-ish, or black!.  The BLACK & Blue colors go well with most pants I wear, but the Silver stands out negatively for me and my wife's tastes. I use these shoes to/from work via public transport, and the silver clashes with my somewhat-formal clothing.
B004KP73OC style and comfort These shoes are great. Exactly what i was looking for. Color is bright but good. Very comfortable for running and hiking.
B004KP73OC AA This pair of sneaker is very comfortable, it can be wear all day and walk all day with it. I highly recommended. I love the color and the price is good.
B004KP73OC Awesome Fast shipping excellent product.Right size,right color,very comfortable.It was a present and my friend love it!Totally recommend.Great product!
B004KP73OC exactly as descripted very light shoes, nice color, and fits perfect.maybe the only recomendation would be to take care of the pink material because it's foammy like and with dirt can damage and get ugly.I recomend this purchase
B004R6EOUK Unstable color Good fit and confort,  but black color is removed from the first wash and continue after subsequent washes. Is necessary to corrrect this defect
B004S08HE4 Good fit Thought I was ordering track pants to match the track jacket, but the color matched and the fit was good.  My bad on not reading the description fully.
B004SGQ1F0 wast of money It was just a waste of money. at first time my sister was so happy with them. the first time that we washed them..... the color...dissapear
B004SUANZU the Liga is my all time favorite, especially the black and white I collect Puma and.the Liga is my all time favorite, especially the black and white. However, I'm very disappointed in these because in the picture, they appear as a very dark, smooth almost plush navy blues in suede but in fact the color is a very dull, light blue-grey in a rough nubuck finish. I tried to get used to them and have the color grow on me, but no. The size is ok but as others have mentioned, you need to go one size up from your usual shoe size.
B004SUANZU I love these sneaks! These are really nice shoes; great for knocking around with jeans and they add a nice pop of color.  Four stars is because they're more of a tangerine color, not cherry tomato, and although they're comfortable, the back did rub high at the heel on both shoes when I took a 2 mile walk in them.  Will get good wear out of them, but not for long walks.
B004SUANZU Great Shoes! Love these things! Good fit, great color and great price. Nice combination. My closet is full of shoes and these were a great addition!
B004T9HRAY Nice fit. Comfortable These shoes are very comfortable.  They are also very bright in color.  People will look at your feet if you are wearing these shoes, in this color.  Decent pricing also.  I recommend these shoes.
B004TLAF9W you'll love these shoes!!! I love these shoes! Their cute, stylish, and comfortable. I get compliments every time I wear them!! The only thing that's kinda annoying is the heal rubs alittle after u wear them for a while, but absolutely not enough to make me not buy another pair in a different color!!! Worth the money!
B004TPDD8S Love! I love these sneakers! I could buy these classic Pumas in every color and be happy! Comfort and style! Splendid
B004VRIA5A DO NOT BUY! Wrong pair of shoes,Wrong style, Wrong size and wrong cost. HORRIBLE not worth the time money and patience purchase at your own risk.
B004WLEF6S Great shoe The color is brilliant and similar to the color in the ads. I tried on a size at a nearby store, and ordered the correct size based on the color I wanted. I would advise to try a similar size at a nearby store, as shoes do not fit everyone the same. High quality and stunning casual athletic shoe.
B004WLEF6S awesome pair of shoes!!! awesome pair of shoes, the color is even more stunning than seen on the picture. no breaking in required. held up great and dry inside on rainy days. will definitely consider buying another pair, in different color :)!
B004WLEF6S GREAT KICKS! I absolutely love these PUMA Clyde suede sneakers. The color is exactly as presented and the size is true. Very stylish and comfy!
B004WLEF6S Great shoes I love these shoes. They are comfortable and stylish. They took virtually no time to break in, and they just look good.  My only complaint is that they look like they are gray and kind of a bright lilac color in the pictures, but when I received them, they were gray and very blue.  Makes sense since the color in the description is &#34;princess blue,&#34; but I went by the product picture and thought I was getting purple.  Oh well, they are still good looking, and I love 'em.
B004WLEF6S exquisite! soft suede, thick but flexible one inch sole, super comfy, very well made & true to size, all for under $30 with Amazon's 20% discount for 1st shoe purchase. got the black-on-black color.
B004XD0P46 Love the color! This watch has a beautiful color to it! I bought it as a Christmas give for my sister who is in the medical fiel and she absolutely loves it! The color is a very pretty, bright blue. It is not dull!
B004XD0PQY i love it! I love my new puma watch it has the perfect size perfect color and it is very practical... look very femenine
B004XD0RCG Nice item!!! Nice sporty watch with pretty color. My friend likes it so muc, even this color easily getting dirty. Not good for a real spory girl.
B004XD0RCG love it this watch is so cute!  i'm pretty hard on watches & it's holding up well.  love the color!  amazon was great - fast delivery.  very happy with my purchase.
B004XD0WEE Kool one Liked the style..kool one for casual use. I liked the color, not so bright or dull. Good for casual purpose.
B004Z0G6QS would recommend I wear these to campus and for walks, they are comfortable but do not have the best arch support. They are fine for walking but would not recommend them for running. I love the color gray and teal, the gray hides dirt well and the teal is a pop of color. Good item overall
B004ZGD840 Great slip-on This is a great slip-on sneaker.  Fits true to size.  Worried it would not be snug enough on my skinny feet but they are great. Very comfortable, light and quiet shoe. Grey and Red are very cute.  Some sites advertise the color as grey/red and others limestone grey/barberry.  They are the same color. I expected the colors to be deeper but still very pleased with this shoe.
B004ZGDD40 Nice Wow still in shock i really love it. Color same, size same and everything is very very very good.Always puma !!!!Thanks it arrived very soon.
B004ZIP5GW All that I love the shoes and color... Buy buy buy and you will love them. People love the style and color
B004ZIP5GW Color is not accurate; "tongueless" design is frustrating I got the Blue/Black/Shadow/Silver color - while the color on the listing appears to be a light, almost pastel blue, in reality it is a much brighter, almost neon blue.  It's a little too over the top for me.  Otherwise the shoe is comfortable and true to size -- I wear a size 9.5 regular in Nikes and ordered the same size and they fit perfectly, with maybe just a 1/2 in. more in the toe, but still comfortably snug.  They look wide when you're looking down at them, which I like for some reason.  I'm not so crazy about the fact that it doesn't have a tongue - you really have to pull hard to get them on or use a shoehorn, which then bunches up my socks (the low cut athletic kind that aren't that thick).  I'll be returning these, mainly because of the crazy color.
B004ZIP5GW Puma The shoes showed up in a reasonable amount of time.  I love the stlye and color. The packaging was great.  They came in a handy carry bag that I take to the gym every day
B004ZIP5GW I love it Sneakers arrived quickly. Ordered them fior my daughter for Track. She loves the color and say they are comfortable. Everyone has complimented her on them. Would recommend these sneakers.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable for walking:) Well i like the shape, color and design of it and above all the price when i got it, but i have a complaint about my right shoe i have felt that it tights my lil finger side and it get to tire my feet it is a bad  feeling believe me but the shoes are fantastic :-D
B004ZIP5GW Ideal for running everywhere This model charm me by their color and design that has, but much more to use on walks in the field and on the track.
B004ZIP5GW Conferable shoes These are good gym shoes feel nice with good Cushing it them but don't get them in this color they look nasty lol I don't really care and still were them to the gym for my workouts but if you could save yourself from getting a ugly pair of shoes then why not right. I would recommend these shoe to others just. Not in this color they would have been much better if they were a royle blue for sure.
B004ZIT63U Wow!  Great shoe I bought these marked way down for the black color.  What a great buy.  We've had these shoes for a couple months now and they are holding up like new.
B004ZIT63U Cool n comfy My sons favorite shoe...and he's had everything from Nike, to Adidas or Skechers, to DC!  Love the color, very unique...no one around here has it!
B004ZIT63U Great sneakers for PE class. My daughter loves these sneakers. She didn't see the picture on line to know the color I thought they were going to be, are not the color of the actual shoe. Online, they looked like a pale pink, they actually are a bright pink. She loves them.
B004ZIT63U cute and comfy These are great shoes and not too expensive, which is important if you have kids who wear out shoes quickly. They are a good color for girls or for boys.
B004ZIT63U My son just loved it! Great shoes, my son just loved it and ask me to buy another one  but diferente color. So I will &#128077;
B004ZIT63U Voltaic 3 Regular fit.  Just the right resistance for activities, keeps the foot stable.  This is a good all a rounder and the color is vibrant and youthful.
B004ZIT63U Nice Color I normally order size 6 but was thinking they would run smaller than normal. For me the .5 is a bit too long. I have a narrow foot. But if needed the 6.5, I believe it would be a perfect fit. Other than my error in ordering, shoes are comfortable and the color is as pictured.
B004ZIT63U disappointed in the color I would give it five star but i cant bcause i was disappointed in the color on line its a much lighter blue then in person its more like a turquoise color. I still like the sneaker overall.
B004ZIT63U Great color and fit Great color, great fit! My son's first tie shoes and he loves them. The color stands out and they are comfortable as well.
B004ZIT63U Son loves them. Nice color and fit.  My son wears them every day.  He has received a few compliments on them.  I would buy them again.
B004ZIT63U Perfect for school The front is not leatherthe feet can breathlightthe fit is reallylove the color white and Black
B004ZIT63U Great fit I have purchased this brand in the past for my daughter. It is a well made shoe.  It fits well and the color is fun!
B004ZIT63U Great value Purchased for my daughter and her comment was &#34;I love these sneakers!&#34;. She says they are very comfortable. Great color too.
B004ZIT63U Love these! They for my daughter great, she loves them and wears them all the time. The color was also very bright and they're easy to wipe off dirt when she gets them dirty
B004ZIT63U Love Puma! This shoes have a GREAT arc support. However the color is not purple like the pic its more like electric blue, which looks awesome too! My daughter loves her shoes and I'm very happy with it too!!! We'll buy from them soon!
B004ZIT63U Love the Bright Red Color! My 10-year-old son loves these shoes. He's very active, and the shoes have held up well. He says they're very comfortable, and he absolutely loves the bright red color! I would definitely purchase these again.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes My son loves puma a And these shoes are perfect for him. The fit is great and the color is awesome!
B004ZITHZC Good kid's Shoe Excellent shoeGood quality ,color, style,kid likes it and likes to wear them all the time.  we have used few similar models in the past from puma Voltiac.can't go wrong.
B004ZITHZC perfect fit and just in time for school We needed these pair of shoes for my daughter's school and it compliments her school colors well and got it just in time for PE classes which are twice a week. Would've chosen the gray/light orange color shoe but was out of stock; still this color suits her school colors better. easy to put on and take off and perfect fit since I measured her foot based on the European sizing rather than the US.
B004ZITHZC Great Great product. My son loves the color. These are perfect for his out door activities. Would recommend to any one.
B004ZITHZC .. Very cool color As I expected very comfortable shoe .. Very cool color And the price is very decent , I wish I get the second color of this price and quality
B004ZITHZC Great product!! I like the color combinations and variety. My 7 yr old loves his new shoes!! I bought new shoes (different color combinations) for my 4 yr old twins as well and they loved them too!!
B004ZITHZC Junior loves them Sturdy, good sole for hiking or general use, color that appeals to the offspring...  They're holding up pretty well in the spring mud festivals, too.
B004ZITHZC My son loved Great material and color!! My son really liked the style.I just think they are a bit tight where the velcro closes.
B004ZIWJL6 Wrong Shoes Bought the wrong Shoes But I gave it away to someone who needed it and it fitted fine so will still leave a five star rating
B004ZIXBAY Beetroot purple?! This shoe is extremely comfortable, supportive and breathes well. The color description of "Beetroot Purple"-the oddest color I've ever heard of-is actually just hot pink, as I suspected it would be.
B0050311LE Wonderful Buy These shoes are just as described. They are true to size, the color is wonderful. My 11 year old daughter uses them for indoor soccer and they are good for this. They are comfortable.
B0050U7C8I Daughter loves the shoes!! My daughter loves her new Puma's. The color and fit were perfect. She wants another pair in a different color.
B00517MAKK Puma sneakers This tennis shoes I like this my daughter bringed those at other country its fit very well thanks for the color and the price
B00517MAU0 sucks!!! its the worst shoes ever it is bad never ever buy it ever it sucks yuck horrible color bad terrible
B00517T9UO goal WOW!!!! green is my daughter's favorite color and she plays soccer who knew that you could find it both in one shoe, and in her size. she fell in love with them.
B00517T9UO Excellent I ordered these for my son, he loves the color and quality.  He said they are so light and perfect for strikers.  Love them!!!
B0051DTTB2 it's a gift for friends. i don't know if it is suitable for my friend, however it is good when touch. and i like the color.
B0053VNSRI Awesome Great fit and color ... nice quality design but I did not particularly like the shade of green.Love the lining in the hoody tho.
B0054D25JM great shoes Bought it for my son who's been playing soccer for 9 years.  He says they are very comfortable, he loves the color.
B005543Z5S great shoes!! they are great to run in, true to size, color, and light weight. they are very comfortable to run in,
B005544T94 Go Puma! Luv the Puma brand. Shoes are comfortable and not to mention very retro. Color is bright and fun. Delivery was as expected: on time and in good order. Recommend.
B0055523UU these shoes are good These shoes are very comfy, but i didnt expect to get the wrong shoe, the shoe i recieved is in fact a much darker blue. I disliked them at first but they seem to have grown on me. besides recieving the wrong color of shoe they are in fact fantastic.
B0055523UU Not the same color. The color of the one in the picture is lighter blue than the one shipped. The one shipped is rather dull.
B005552422 great pick I Love the shoes, quality, color, and fit, I am very happy with my selection and everyone loves and compliments as well.
B005552422 Style and comfort This is my  4 th pair of el ace 2 and this color can be worn with a variety of different color jeans. The quality is fair on these but be careful with the suede as it discolors. Comfortable shoes and very easy to clean. Its difficult to find this particular color in any other place, so i had to jump on this deal.
B005552422 Great pair of shoes! These shoes arrived on time and look great! I was very happy with their quality. I purchase another pair in a different color and they look just as good.
B005552422 Great shoes Gives such a great casual look and matches anything and the color last.  This shoe is very easy to clean and keep looking stylish!
B0055528IM perfect!!! it is must item..i think the color of shoes are pretty nice. and also it is cheaper than other offline stores.
B00555AO2E great !!! great!!! only problem they sent the wrong color now i hope they'll will fix it i like the color i got but it's not what i ordered but as far as the product fits perfect and very comfortable
B0055X9J0O LOVE 'em! Fit perfect!!.....they are so comfortable and are not as hot as other shoes.....Lovely color and good for those who like single-good things!!
B0056PKCCK Problems with color! The color is not the same as the picture! the front is like a plastic coated-fabric that deforms! but the shoes are comfortable!
B0056PKCCK The color in the picture is definitely off. I love the shoe and the style in the picture, but when I receive it the color was definitely a little different.  The dark brown in the picture is correct but the light brown is definitely more of a darker khaki color and doesn't match as many of my clothes as I had hoped.
B0056PKGV2 Urgent :( I sent a shoe color was not .. as we could do to make a change? I hope your answer
B0056WZJVC Get a lot of compliments I love these shoes!  The color scheme works very well together (pink and aqua) and they are also very comfortable.  I get lots of compliments and so will you!
B0056WZN2W Poor Sizing I ordered this style from Zappos in another color and it was great!  I love the shoe in many ways - so much so that when they ran out I was so happy to see it on Amazon.  When it arrived it was as if they were a whole size too small.  I was so disappointed I returned them.
B0056YD1QK I like mine! I got these just before St. Patrick's Day.  I was hesitant to wear new shoes on a 4 mile run but they were the perfect color.  They worked out great and I find them very comfortable.  They fit very well.
B0057DPSQG feels great! This Puma boxers feels great and looks good. I do love the color options they have in three color packs.
B0058XE334 Benecio These shoes are comfortable and good looking. True to size, I love them. I already own three pairs of these (different color).
B0058XEE88 running wild This was my first time using spikes n I love the fit style n color. Everything came in mint Condition and came within the time period given.
B0058XFAJU I love the color!! The shoes are comfortable and durable. The shoes have lasted me until now and I wish there were more of the same shoe to buy.
B0058XFJTQ wide and odd shaped These look cuter online than in person. The color is more olive green than anything shown in the photo. True to size.
B0058XFP86 I love these shoes I love these shoes, buy them for my boyfriend and was delighted. It's a pretty good design, plus the color makes it look even better (I bought black). The size is just right and arrive at the indicated time
B0058XFP86 Love the experice everything work out as expected the item came ahead of time in the original package (which I liked) it was the exact color, size, and item I wanted I will recommend my friends to this seller.
B0058XFP86 The oder was excellent The Puma shoes were for my husband&#34;s gift.We love them.The size and color were perfect.The order was on time too.Thank you,Marioly Martinez
B0058XFP86 beautiful color! i love these shoes!! this makes my 5th pair!  the blue/dark grey/white are a little darker blue than the picture shows which is perfectly fine with me i absolutely love the color and the way they fit! like a glove. i have to order a half size bigger than i wear so take that into consideration when purchasing. however, these shoes are amazing and that is why i keep BUYING them lol. hold together well and perfect for nursing shoes :) puma rocks!
B0058XFXA6 the color the color is different, I want black with white but the product is white and yellow, because I quality of product is very good but is different
B0058XFYDC It is lovely style I love it so much and can just say for guys to keep on it with more leather style and color.
B0058XGI5A Amazing Love these shoes! Great color and design. Plus they are very very comfortable for everyday use! They are very light shoes
B0058XGI5A great deal!!! very soft, ergonomic, like to use at home...!!!good quality, I would like recomend you it also black color are great.
B0058XGQWU Handsome The color of these shoes is striking: a powerful powder blue! I wear them with most pants that aren't blue jeans. I also like the low profile of the sole. Pumas, comfy as always.
B0058XGQWU Fashion Only...color is strange I know they say "Fashion" but I had to try them for actually playing Squash.  They work great...but the suede is too soft on the toe and it wore through within a week (due to the foot drag during squash lunges).  As for "Fashion"...the color looks a lot like urine in person (just as it does in photos) and the contrast between the gum shoe rubber and the urine color leather is more of a color clash than a color harmony.  I really wish these came in gray or a light navy blue.  The comfort of these things is astonishingly good I must say.  The materials all have a very high quality, soft and pliable feel, with a light and airy mesh which keeps your feet relatively cool. Also the fit is spot on with other Puma products.  Is the fit of Puma the same as other shoes?  No.  So go try some other Pumas on for size before you select the size that's right for you.  I'd just avoid this color.  It gets no compliments, and all questions so far about the shoes are tinged with confusion rather than admiration.
B0058XGWOC Nice perfect, i could wear it every day with not problem. nice fit, nice color,with puma quality and true size chart.
B0058XH4L2 Great for work too! These shoes are so comfortable and they look great. Thinking of another pair in a different color. Puma you did it again!
B0058XH4L2 Very Comfortable I have a pair of these slipper shoes in a different color...I love wearing them!  Feels like you have nothing on your foot they are so light and airy.  I would highly recommend!
B0058XH4L2 Favorite go-to slip ons These particular pair ran a little small not too sure why, as Puma's are pretty true to size. But they fit and over time they'll break in a little. I like the color , comfort, and light weight of these shoes. They're perfect for adding a little color to a dull outfit before heading out for errands.I really love them, I own three pairs. The price is very competative too, as these shoes are usually about $80-90. I recommend purchasing them.
B0058XH4L2 Cute but not the right color These are incredibly comfortbale shoes, but they do need some breaking in on the heel.  I had to send them back because the color was very pink, not the red that was promised.
B0058XH4L2 1/2 a size too big depending on color I ordered both the rose color and the shiny black one in a size 7 from Puma. The black one is so snug that my feet sweat. The rose color one is actually 1/2 a size larger (no kidding, I put them side by side). With this one, I can feel my heel is becoming irritated from just walking around the house to try out the shoe.
B0058XH5D4 LOVE I love these Puma's they are great for running track or around town, I want one in every color :D
B0058XH5D4 Love them! If you have ever purchased this style Voltaic, you would want to purchase the same size.  They all fit exactly the same.  I purchased the Blue/Fluorescent 8.5 and although they might look bright for some people they are just my style!  They look exactly the same as the picture the toe is a little darker then the a color blue I would've put but I still love them!  I also purchased the blue/black/silver for on occasions when I dont want to stick out so much.  Once again, love the style, love the feel!
B0058XH5D4 So great and comfy!! I love these sneakers, they are comfortable and I love the color even more.  I could not find a better price for them anywhere.
B0058XH5D4 Great running shoes I love them. I had the chance to try them before buying them in a store. I love the color and comfort.
B0058XH5D4 I am very disappointed in this company. I bought a pair of shoes for my daughter for Christmas.  They were the wrong color so I needed two return them.  They are charging me $12.50 for a restocking fee and 20% of the cost of the shoes.  That is half of what I paid.  Do not shop that this company if you ever have to return something be prepared!!!!
B0058XH5D4 Love this shoe!!!!!!!!!!! Love, ,love, love this shoe. It is so comfortable .Did have to go 1/2 size. Color combo is great.Want it in every color combo.
B0058XH5D4 Perfect Wife loves them and the color. These where cheaper here then going to the puma site. Go figure. size chart is spot on
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoes I love the shoes! They came very quickly. Color is vibrant add shown in the picture. My only down fall is they are hard to Gerry on! Really tight. Don't give up though because once on they are great! Very comfortable!! I would liked to get another color.
B0058XH5D4 Very Comfortable! !! Pumas are always so comfortable without sacrificing style. Love the bright color of this shoe. This is my second pair in this style.
B0058XH5D4 So pretty! These shoes were such a great color, but they were way too small. There was no give in them at all.
B0058XH5D4 Perfect Fit and Color I have been looking for a new pair of tennis shoes for a while and found these on Amazon for a great price.  I was scared they would fit too big because I can wear a 9 in some shoes and sometimes 9.5 is too big.  These fit perfectly and the color is exactly as pictured.  I get compliments on them everytime I wear them.
B0058XH5D4 Love them I am a frequent flyer on the Amazon.com site and these shoes were my most recent purchase of pure satisfaction. I wear a 8.5, true to size fit. Color was bright and brilliant.  Package tracking was accurate from shipment to delivery. Shipment was on time, 7 days after my order :)  Completely Pleased.
B0058XH5D4 Love these!!! Love the color of these shoes (I purchased the Pink/Violet) and they are very cofortable as well! Can not wait to wear them!
B0058XH5D4 Love the color and comfortable Great and comfortable, didn't expect the slide it with no room to wiggle but works for me either way. Love the vibrant color!
B0058XH5D4 yay love these shoes.  fit is absolutely perfect.  the color is somewhat different in real life than what is shown in picture.  more of a dull teal color when you receive them instead of the vibrant color showed in picture.
B0058XH5D4 LOVE 'em I've been very impressed with these shoes - great fit, very comfortable, and the color (blue/purple) was even more stunning in person!
B0058XH5D4 Comfort I love the comfort, the color, and the style of these shoes. The cost was inexpensive, and they were delievered on time.
B0058XH5PM Same shoe different color Same shoe as the gray style love the fact that these are slip on style shoes. I will purchase more
B0058XH5PM very nice shoe very happy with these Pumas. looks good and nice to slip-on. may buy another pair in another color, dependingon colors offered
B0058XH5PM Favorites These are my absolute favorite sneakers for the gym, I like the comfort and the looks are nice.  I will be buying another color soon.
B0058XH854 Great color and fit I am so happy with this purchase. These fit great and I love the color. They are also easy to keep clean.
B0058XHCDM Nice! I got my new shoes today and they are gorgeous!!!  They are so light on your foot - almost like being barefoot.  The color is exactly as pictured too!
B0058XHCDM Steel Gray is Dark Gray and Purple Based on the picture, I thought the shoe would be a lighter gray and a blue/purple but in person the shoe is very dark gray and very royal purple. It fits nicely, but wasn't the color I expected so I'm contemplating a return.
B0058XHCDM Awesome sneaker Very comfortable and lightweight. Color is great and wears well. Wish they had it in more colors. Not phenomenal quality but not bad for the price.
B0058XHCDM puma my wife love it this shoes the color the shape the style the material comfortable adorable  nd the price for this
B0058XHCDM Great running shoes I have been buying this style for years because they fit my feet really well.  I run in them everyday and love the fun purple color.
B0058XHCDM there is obviously color difference with left and right! the size is fit and the delivery is on time. but the clear color difference at the leather part of left shoe, I suspected the shoe was displayed in store for long long time! My wife and I was so disappointed with Amazon when I found the order was direct handled by Amazon!
B0058XHCDM Got different color Ordered different blck and pink, but received different color shoe. Even after returnig I didnt get what I ordered. The shoe is not comfortable, sole is slightly misaligned.
B0058XHCDM great i just got my shoes, i order the red and black and was sent the gray and pink, even though they are the wrong colors they are amazing. Ever comfy i am a preschool teacher and i am on my feet all day running after children and they are perfect. I have been looking for shoes that wont kill my feet after 3 hours and i think i have found them. There so light weight and sleek. i gave a 4 because i got the wrong color, but the size is perfect so everything is great.
B0058XHD86 Comfortable Very comfortable & cute with the color purple strap.  Durable material so you can't go wrong with this purchase and the price!
B0058XHD86 Puma size 11 1/2  flip flops Love the color, I expected dark pink and I got it. The extra layer on sole is good too. The toe strap is soft ans cozy.
B0058XHEBM good it is good, both the size and color, and I feel comfortable when wearing it. it is a pretty good one.
B0058XHEBM Wish they made a wide variety. Great shoes! These are all I buy and wear out. Besides all the weird colors and color combinations, I have almost all styles of these Romas.
B0058XHEBM decent trainers good trainers decent price....cool colors available, size was good, packaging was minimal, well done puma.....quite comfortable.would buy again soon in different color
B0058XHEBM Eunh, they cool Not as swaggy as I thought they were, the color is cool but the style may tKe a little getting used to.-lamar
B0058XHEBM Great deal Great price. Stylish and the color you can wear with anything. Great deal, fast delivery. Must buy, great fit for any guy.
B0058XHEBM love it  no problems nice pumas good price fits well, looks good, right color even comes with a certificate of authentication templatedelivery was before I expected
B0058XHFPC oldschool I love the color..the fat laces and i get looks from everybody that knows this style of pumas are one of kind and they will never go out of style...as long as you order the right size and take care of them you should be very pleased.. I just ordered another pair of black ones and I don't care where there made at.. There real leather and I bought them for 45 bucks you can't beat that and there great for anyone that has flat feet... I've had my blue ones for over a year and there still looking good.. If you get them wet yes the color will fade some... Buy a can of leather protector if you don't want them to fade...
B0058XHN6I Luv the design but not the color I luv Puma ballet shoes in general, and these are one more great design by Puma.I always wear size 10, which is no exception here, unlike the other reviewers.These are tight, but as with all Puma ballet designs, you have to break them in for them to fit correctly.If you order a size bigger, then once you break them in, they won't fit & will likely be too big to wear you're straining your foot to keep these on.I like the design, how light weight they are, and the overall fit.With all that being said, I am most likely returning/exchanging these for a different color.I ordered the blue thinking it was a true bright blue, however the color is more of a periwinkle which I don't want because if I wanted a purple-ish color then I'd order the purple!I really wish they would have made these a brighter, more true blue!!!!!!I will most likely get the gray/silver in hopes they are not a shiny silver, and more of a gray...
B0058XHSMC The red is not red These are cute shoes....I own 2 pairs and thought it would be nice have the red color....turns out that the red is not red it's pink! I do not like them amd will be sending these back......the color should be named pink rouge. Size down these run big.
B0058XHSMC Tekkies I have been searching for these! I am so happy the company has them. Like others, the color is more of a fusia pink shade. Nonetheless, i love them!
B0058XHY3K The fit is good, however Shoes color on the website is a lighter blue compare to the actual shoes.  The fit is good, however.
B0058XIVRS good bought this for my wife because she found one she but not right color so she got this from online
B0058XIVRS Bling Shoes My wife has Early Onset Alzheimer's and the color is her new best liked color. The shoes look good and fit well.
B0058XIVRS They are comfortable shoes I had a pair of shoes like with different color, I felt very comfortable when walking outside with them. Unfortunately they were chewed by my dog. I looked around could not find anything similar in local store. I searched in Amazon and found several,however the price and size were not fit. I put them on my wish list, waited for almost a month. When I got the notice for price changing, I could wait. Glad I got a very good deal,even though I did not like the green color. They are comfortable inside,that is more important than the color outside.
B0058XJ9VK shoes just as described. Excellent product. Size kind of ran larger. The product came with 2 different color shoe laces.Love it to wear it everyday.
B0058XJP0A i not like I bought these shoes in black and I arrived in Miami in this color! Not because it confused if clearly specified color, size and model
B0058XJP0A What Can I Say What can I say it's a PUMA. I just love these sneakers so much in fact that I got every color Ducati. It feel good on my feet and goes well with my custom tracksuits. It would even better if they offer more colors.
B0058XJSEI Shoes Love the shoes feel good on and the bright color is  uplifting.  Good with all blues and Navy.  Light weight so don't bog you down.
B0058XKSCY Puma very good puma shoes beautiful, there were no problems in the deliveryI get the right size and color requestedrecommend the product, shoes are very comfortable and comfortable
B0058XLB5W perfect! Absolutely love these shoes!!! The color is just like in the pic, waiting for the pink to come out in my size.. A must have comfy shoe!!
B0058XLB5W Beautiful I love this shoes,the color is beautiful,and the size was perfect,are very comfortablethe only problem is they are very delicate.
B0058XLJQI LOVE IT!! Got this in three other colors because it fits so perfect. Love 'em. Super comfy. love this color also. I use them almost every other day
B005902WHA I Initially I was sent the wrong size but it was promptly and courteously fixed. Fit how I wanted and I love the color.
B00593HNX0 Best Great size, great quality and amazing different colors even thought after a while I ordered another hoodie but with different color.
B00593I57S Love the color! I got this for the color and the price was good! The color is pretty much what's pictured and the size was perfect!
B00593J6EE Long and comfortable Great quality, comforable and most importantly plenty long for my 6'5" frame.  Also purchased the jacket to match.  Bought another set in the other color too.
B00594DEB4 Very nice shoes My doughter is very happy with her shoes, very nice color. All her friends likes them. She is very happy. Thanks!
B00594DGMQ Bad shoes Disappointed quality lost shortly the sole Color ...With only two months after he started to use the shoes began to heel the color of the sole, unfortunately my first bad experience for this important organization of buying and selling online.
B00594F444 My mom loves these shoes!!!!! These shoes were for my mom....she has been wearing these for years.....she has heel spurs and they are very comfy for her! She swear by the comfort of these shoes, has them in many color combos. They are super cute!
B00595GMHG I love the colors I received my order and I was amazed with the color and the look of these shoes. I love wearing my shoes so I find any occasions just to wear them. They are as nice as comfortable and fashion.
B00595I8PK color is adorable I really like these shoes! they are SUPER light and comfortable.  That being said, they wear out fast.  I used mine for Crossfit and they wore down fast!  There is not much support as the shoe is basically all net with some support from the inner pink part.  If you get a rip the shoe will not hold well.  If you can find them on sale or clearance I would recommend them.  They also come in all kinds of color combinations.  They are fun!
B00595JO44 Excellent! Great and confortable sneaker, very soft, Love the footprint and the color, currently my favorite puma sneaker. I'm considering buying it in other colors if they become available.
B00595JOOY and it's like a was expecting I received the product; and it's like a was expecting. Fit is ok; color is ok and they are comfortable.
B00595JOOY Beautiful pair of Pumas! I love the color of the Vedano that I ordered and it's very  comfortable to wear. Looks sleek and racy. The only negative would be the USPS guy who just left the package at the door, didn't even bother to ring at all.
B00595JOOY good shoes good shoes, nice color, stylish, I like them. I got them 1/2 size bigger, still tight. no totally happy about it.
B00595JOOY Awesome ! Great shoe just wrong size . I can't wait , for the proper size to be delivered! Great style I might have to get every color!
B00595JOOY Puma I really like that sneaker. It has a special color and it is nice to have it on.I recommended
B0059BE484 Great fit Really comfortable and just the right amount of flex. The outsole might be thin, but they sure are though and very durable.Like it so much I bought this and a blue color - leather and synthetic version.Great shoes.
B0059BI3Z4 Nice I love the color and the fitting. They are really comfortable, I wear them all the time for just about anything.
B0059BJES4 Comfy! These shoes are some of my favorites. I already a purple/blue color way so I knew exactly where I was going to go when I ruined my black and white Adidas at a tomato battle.
B0059BJES4 Color too loud I'm a huge puma fan for comfort. This is the only tennis shoe I buy. I was disappointed with the color being a little too much. Wish I would have went with a lighter shade
B0059BJES4 Love these shoes They look great with bootcut jeans of any color.  Comfortable and as expected.  They are however just a bit too big.
B0059BK29O Love Pumas Love Pumas, these are no exception. True to size (I wear a 9.5) and look nice on. Comfort is good, but not great which is why I gave it 4/5 stars. I would buy them again or in a different color.
B0059C9DRK Cool Nice jacket.  Very comfortable.  Nice looking too.  The color combination also looks very good.  The product if of very good quality.
B005ADCW1M so soft This is such a great sweatshirt! It is oatmeal color with a pretty pink inside. This was perfect sizing for my daughter and she wears it all the time. The material is super soft and it washes very well
B005ADO4IQ love it I bought this for work, because the its has a larger face ,so one quick glance u know what time it is!! Love the color it just as shown and its pretty comfy
B005ADO8XM Love the way it looks, but it doesn't work well :( I was so excited to get this watch, I love the sporty look and the color, and I love how it is flat and doesn't get caught on things.....HOWEVER it resets itself all the time. I found myself having to reprogram the time and date 5 or more times a day! Not worth the money at all!
B005ADOA6W Good Quality This is just what my granddaughter wanted.  The color is pretty and it is very easy to set or to change settings.
B005ADOAJE Perfect The wath arrived on time. The color was so perfect just like see on the photos and the description. My wife is so happy.
B005ADOBAC It is functional not the easiest to read, should have chose a different color dial. It's functional so I am satisfied. It was to be used only for sport officiation.
B005ADOBFM Cool I like the color, style, and grip.It would have better with better water resistance level.Overall, I like it :D
B005ADOBFM nice style and color Nice navy blue with neon orange color combo. A bit overpriced at $50, and the waterproofing rating is lame- states 5 bar (50m) 0n back but manual says you can't even shower with it. Kind of silly for what is marketed as a sport watch. I still give it 4 stars based on looks. Just happens to match Adidas Supersala IX orange shoes :-)
B005ADOCQK DEFECTIVE CLOCK CAME WITH ALL HAND, GOOD PRESENTATION, VERY GOOD COLOR AND APPEARANCE. BUT.DEFECTIVE CLOCK TURNS OFF AND RESTART THE TIME, DEFINITELY VERY BAD
B005ADOLRU Excellent Nice size, color and quality. Puma delivers again and the price is a good one. I recomended it...Go for it
B005B2H1FE I recommend Puma Anjan It is a good looking sneakers, fits comfortably, good support, light, flexible, great grip, and I like the color combination.
B005B2H1FE Nice classic Puma shoes at this price! I rated these Puma Anjan sneakers 5 stars since they are quite comfortable, nice looking, classic design, cool color combo, seems nicely made (time will tell though), and at this cool price, I couldn't go wrong.I have already gotten a couple of nice compliments for my Puma Anjans, on the look and color combo.At only $26 and change, that's a great price for Puma sneakers like these. Get a pair while they last!
B005B2H1FE Go Ducks! Very comfortable, fit perfectly.  Love the color!  Perfect for my Packers, Ducks and Timbers!  The price was unbelievable!  Thanks Puma!
B005CAVWLY Good Nice cleat. Fits quite well and comfortable.Actually I prefer a brighter color, but it is good enough.I like it
B005CAYYOQ The color was perfect The shoes gave him a  bad blister.  He had to give them away to his son.  The size ran funny
B005CK4QE4 Love them I bought these for my daughter 2 start school with she loves them color is great easy for her to get on and off which was a issue for her!
B005CKB0WA Happy 4 year old I got this for my son who is very active and so far the shoe is holding up.  I love the color and the look.
B005CKB0WA a great shoe for our baby girl the sneakers fit well and our baby is so excited to wear it and the color is amazingloved it
B005CKB0WA Nice shoe I bought it for my Grand son. He was very happy with it. He likes it. Its color is very cool.
B005CKB0WA Adorable and comfy purple pumas They are adorable on my 28 month old. If you have an active little girl who loves the color purple, they are perfect!
B005CKHBP0 great seller and product my son loves this sneaker i will buy him another one but different color i am sure your son will love it too.
B005CKHBP0 great sneakers Exactly as described...just what we wanted, fit perfectly and very cute on my daughter. Fast shipping! Would buy again in diff color if .possible.
B005CKJWW0 Color looks dirty and velcro tabs bunch up - decent fit, though We've always bought Pumas for our toddler; they seem to fit her feet the best. I like the velcro option, but not the way this is set-up on the shoe. We actually have issues with the tabs bunching up and not sticking correctly. The gray also makes the shoe look dirty.  So these brand new shoes that arrived look a lot older than they are because the gray is a very light gray. It looks as if someone walked through some dust or cement.  And lastly, the blue dye rubs off on her socks. Good fit, though.  If you can get past the color and really tighten down the velcro tabs then they're fine.
B005COYRD0 Great Great shoes. The color looks great. The material looks somehow not so good, but they are good anyway. Very comfortable.
B005COYRD0 Nice Product I recommend this product, They are very comfortable and color is what I like. I recommend this shoes and the seller
B005COYRD0 Best shoes ever They shipped fast and are perfect! the light color makes them get dirty fast but that seemed pretty obvious when i bought them so yay all the same
B005CVWYPG My daughter's happy I bought this for my daugter.It arrived in time, no delays and original package, without any sign or scratch....My daughter love them, nice color with glitters and great qualiy
B005CVWYPG Super show My daughter thinks she can run fast because of her new cool looking shoes. Fits her perfect and she loves white n pink color.
B005DCRS6E A real short The product is perfect,the color is pretty cool and is very comfortable i have no complain about it ,is nice
B005DIRAFM Oooh, I like that color! The title is this review is exactly what everybody has said when they see my wife in this shirt. She wore this on Christmas day, and if I had a dollar for every time I heard, &#34;oooh, I like that color&#34; I would be able to buy her some Puma shoes to match. This is a very cute top and yes, I like the color.
B005DTOMDO Color is actually purple! Thought I was getting a nice royal blue sneakers, but it is actually purple! Disappointed that The picture did not give a true reflection of the actual product.
B005DTT0H2 COLOR IS NOT LIGHT GRAY THEY ARE DARK GRAY!!! I THOUGHT THEY WERE GOING TO BE LIGHT GRAY LIKE IN THE ON-LINE PHOTO BUT THEY ARE NOT THEY ARE VERY DARK GRAY AND LOOK LIKE ORTHOPEDIC SHOES IN PERSON SO THEY WENT BACK.ASAP
B005EJYZQC GREAT PUMA TRACK SET I received my shipment in good time & packaged well,  perfect size & color, made well,  very soft to touch,  beautiful color  purple to wear to football games, just what was needed for a lil' toddler in cool weather, great price, will buy from this seller again.  tku  trish  :o)
B005EVOPBK Comfortable and Stylish, but they aren't red I am a fan of Pumas and own seven pairs, so I knew these shoes would be of good quality and comfortable, and they are. They seem to run true to size, and although the elastic band at the front may feel snug, it is not uncomfortable.The only problem I had with these shoes is that they are not red. The elastic strap is red. The sateen and suede parts, however, are more of a dark salmon color. This annoyed me as the color was the primary reason I bought these shoes - I needed them to go with several red items. I can't comment on the other color combinations of this style, as to whether they were true to color description and matched the online photo or not.In the end, I kept these because I do like them and I do have other things they go with. They are great as a slip-on shoe that you can easily walk in. They don't offer a lot of warmth in the winter, but they're very funky-looking and comfortable! I would purchase another pair of these, even though the color of this pair does not really match what was indicated.
B005F17KYI nice color its cheap and its perfect made in china but its good material that's all folks hope this will help you
B005HELTCM Tee Time Good quality golf shoe.  Ordered as a gift for our daughter.Only issue was Rouge Red is really dark pink.  Appears asa true red in photo, not when you open the box.  She decidedto keep despite the difference in expected color.
B005HELTQ8 Pretty in Pink It's spacious and it's pretty. I really like the color. I have no complain. Perfect for traveling and or a gym bag. &#128516;
B005HEM8RW Love this bag Its spacious, I love the color and it comes with a shoulder strap! It was a great buy, I may consider getting it in another color!
B005HEMCUA a little big I really liked the color and size, but imagine actually slightly smaller, just be one of my favorite accessories. love it
B005I19DJU medevil blue puma benecio drill pack Blue in picture is enhanced and nowhere near actual blue on shoe. See puma wbsite for more acccurate color. good shoe otherwise
B005I3A752 awesome! comfortable boot, excellent quality, tehya re exactly as pictured and very light but warm at the same time, i love love love them!! i will buy another pair in a different color!
B005IKJ2D8 I Love Amazon Impressed with very quick shipping! I had ordered the puma soleil sneakers in the gray & violet on April 12th, & also had selected the free shipping. My shoes were shipped on the 13th, & I received them on April 17th (It was estimated to be the 26th). I wasn't expecting it to come so quickly since it was shipped to an APO Box.As far the shoes go, they are very nice in color, quality &  also pretty comfortable. The only concern I have is that I need to find a spray to will make them waterproof. It says on the box "High quality suede means the color may bleed. Just telling you!" Other than that I really like them! Very nice looking sneaker!
B005LBWWI6 Great BUY They fit very well. No complains on the materials used or the color. It says on the tag that it might have some color migration in the first two weeks so just don't use the white laces at first use the blue ones that come with the shoes!
B005LCD60I Puma lab2 Very nice shoe that was exactly as described on the website. Cool color. The seller description was accurate. They look better than the amount of comfort they provide.
B005LCD60I I didn't like the color. There is another pair very similar but dark gray instead of forest green which is much better looking but $70 more.
B005LCE58A Just what my husband wanted Beautiful bag, bright color, right size. Nice fabric and my husband is really happy about it.Thinking about getting a couple for my kids too.
B005LCE58A Looks good, cheaply made Didn't last a month of carrying my Muay Thai gear. Get something better.I did like the design and color, too bad its horrible quality.
B005LCEGM0 As advertised Love the color selection on these and they seem durable enough to last a good while.  I shopped around for awhile and decided these are the best all round little duffels for me.
B005LCENV4 Love this bag Great for the gym, and tanning! Delivery was SUPER quick, it came the next day! Very durable material, and I love how the straps are thicker than the bags like this with the strings. Love the color too.
B005LCENV4 puma good material, hide pocket nice logo, no printed, no good lazes no comfortable good quality i like the form and color
B005LCENV4 Green Not Turquoise I love the bag, needed a good string bag for gym/beach etc.  I loved the product picture, exactly the color I wanted, a turquoise or teal look but when I received the bag, nicely wrapped great condition, it was GREEN, KELLY GREEN.  I like green, its a good color but I am very sad that it is not what I thought I was ordering.  Pictures can be deceiving, the green is not as pretty as it looks here :(
B005OKOXYK Great buy Gray color is pretty neat...fits well, love the design and look of the sneaker.  Wish there was a little more arch support, otherwise definitely recommend!
B005OMEGTA Great shoes, great buy Shoes are exactly as described and an awesome price.  Would definitely buy another color.  shipped fast and on time.  LOVE
B005ON39OC great deal I love them. The color is great, they are light, and I feel like I could wear them all day, great for running.
B005OT0XFO Puma Sneakers I love the shoes.  They are so light on your feet, and have held up very well. The color and style are attractive.  I appreciate the way the processing and shipping were handed.
B005OTA9R6 Love the color I was thrilled to find this color combination as I love purple, they look very cool and are slimming to my feet (as opposed to most cross trainers, which make my size 9.5 wide foot look huge.)  Arrived very quickly.
B005OTA9R6 pleased The fit was very good. Love the color. Over all very happy with the product. I would definitely recommend this product to someone else.
B005OTA9R6 Nice shoes - but color is deceiving. Picture shows darker grey but they are a light grey I like the shoes they fit well, but when I opened the box I was super surprised to see how light the grey was. The color depicted looks pretty dark, mine are a very light grey. Just FYI if you are ordering, expect them to be much lighter.
B005OTA9R6 Loved It I just loved it. It was a perfect fit for me and the color combination is so very stylish and gorgeous
B005PGUDS8 Review Very nice watch! The color is beautiful and the size! Just what I need! I recommend it! And the price is low!
B005PGV9LS amazing cool. very nice color,fit OK, simple to use, service Amazon great absolutely. Buy for my wife, and now want more for my family
B005PVNAT2 A Gift I bought these shoes as a gift and the person that received them loved... Not only was this a hard color to find but you can't go wrong with pumas....
B005R506IO Awesome shoes! Perfect!!! Wish my size was available in every color!!!!My kids love them as well! Definitely recommended, classics never out of style
B005R506IO color issue the color in the picture looks more yellow, but on the shoe itself its more orange... i guess it will work though.
B005R531DG LOVE THESE SNEAKERS! Fantastic!! Such a nice and beautiful color combo!! The laces are nice and chunky. They were a little too large, but we can make it work'
B005R531DG Pumas The shoes are nice , but the color fooled me .. I thought the purple was a lighter purple . Other than that there comfortable.
B005S0QEXE Love the color, satisfied I bought these for my 16 month old daughter, I love the colors, they look so cute on her. I'm happy with this item, I reccomend it!
B005S0QEXE Great Buy Quality,color and fit awesome. Price very good. I would definitelyReccommend. My grandson loves them,very comfortable. What else is there to.say.
B005S0QEXE Great looking shoe, but color isn't accurate. These shoes are super cute and will work just fine, but I wanted to alert future buyers that the color you see online does not accurately match the actual color. The shoes are actually grey and the puma stripe is PURPLE, not dark pink, which is what I thought.  The laces are orange, which is accurate.  Again, they will work for us, but I thought the shoes were grey and pink - not grey and purple.
B005VJLAMW Great color I bought these for my Pilates and barre classes. I teach several during the week and don't like walking around the studio barefoot when I am not teaching. I have wide feet and found these a bit snug. I think with more wear they may stretch. Color is awesome!
B005YPU7PO It's Ok, but the color drips with water The texture and the presentacion is ok and very confortable, and stylish, but when, I washed it with soft soap, the color dripped, and stained the white part, later i tried clean the part white and is imposible... maybe somebody find another way to clean it.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes Love the shoes. Look great and feel great. Got them quick. Very happy!!! I want another pair in a different color
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars love the color.
B005ZFCUIA love the look I chose this rating because......they are stylish and go good with most clothingwhat I liked was........the color schemewhat i disliked was........the width was a bit smaller than other shoes like nikeI would recomend this product to..........anyone with small width feet
B005ZFCUIA Beautiful! They are exactly  as pictured and fit very nicely. The color is awesome! Will be buying again in the future.
B005ZFCUIA Love it I ordered a half size bigger because I love the style and the color. Other than that its perfect for me.
B005ZFCUIA Fun color and comfortable Ordered my shoe size; 7 and the shoe fit perfectly.They are lightweight and comfortable.  The color is fun!
B005ZFCUIA Love the color I love the color, but they are smaller than my usual size 7. Other than that I love them. :)
B005ZFCUIA These are waaaayyyyy too cool! Love these shoes. Just started playing  pickleball and these fit the bill perfectly!  Saw a kid playing soccer with this color shoes on and said....&#34;I've got to have that color for playing&#34;!  Very satisfied with the fit and shipping was fast because I'm a Prime member!  Keep up the good work Amazon!
B005ZFCUIA satisfied shopper! So happy with my purchase.  They turned out perfect.  The exact color and perfect fit.  I LOVE my new pumas.
B005ZFCUIA love the color The shoes are just what I wanted, perfect size and comfort. My friends like them very much and my husband says they make my b**t look smaller, what else could a girl want?Spouse of Sam
B005ZFCUIA BUY! Shoes and super comfortable and the colors look awesome with the black! I will be buying another pair in a different color next!
B005ZFCUIA Very nice This is a nice spring and summery sneaker, this sneaker is comfortable and looks good. If u r tired of this wintry weather, these sneakers with the different pops of color will lift your spirits. A cheery pair of Pumas:-)
B005ZFCUIA love them I love these shoes :) they fit as I was hoping they would & the color is exactly like the picture
B005ZFCUIA Very pretty but it feels wrong. The design for me is perfect, I love the color combination. The shoes are comfortable but they don't fit that well. I feel like I got the right size coz it fits snugly but for some reason whenever I walk, I feel that my feet are going to slip out.
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars My wife love them pretty color comfortable well she really likes th.
B005ZFCUIA Noticed The shoes were not exactly the color I was expecting, but I still like it.  The fit is good, but I am unable to take out the liner to put in insoles with arch support. I wish it was removable or there was more room in the shoes to add an insert.I got a lot of compliments on the shoe. I think people really liked the noticeable color.  I like it too. It gets me motivated when I am getting ready to work out.
B005ZFCUIA love my shoes I love my shoes fits perfectly I always have problems with shoes but my Puma feel good and I love the color will order again
B005ZFCUIA recommend it! i got them  in yellow color and so much like it. shoes are nice, true to size, solf and comfortable
B005ZFCUIA Love the color I absolutely love the color and design. They are just a little tight on my feet but i hope they stretch .
B005ZFCUIA Comfortable! One of the most comfortable pairs of shoes I own! I really like the way they fit and the gray color is great.
B005ZFCUIA What I expected Good for my walking workoutsLove the color
B005ZFCUIA Beautiful color! The shoes are true to size. They are very comfortable. The color is beautiful!!!
B005ZFCUIA Color different than in pictures. Wife had me order her these &#34;yellow&#34; shoes because she loves yellow.  Got them in and they actually look more of an orange color. Other than that seems like a decent shoe.  Just be aware if you want a yellow shoe this is NOT yellow as it looks in pics.
B005ZT6RZ8 Comfy for baby Comfy for baby- good quality , nice color. Would purchase another one. Hopefully they will make different colored ones than your standard pink/purple.
B0066AJR1Q fades out the blue color that looks so beautiful will get super dirty and you will not be able to clean it with anything. i threw away after only 1 month. I ordered a black one.
B0066ALBZ6 PUMA My daughter loved it. Nice color and so easy to use.I would like to buy other color soon. Nice
B0066AN0FA did not like the color I had this watch in black before and nobody has it now so i thought to get it in greenbut it is really pale green so I returned it
B0069RLG4W Puma Fox I love the shoes but part of the teal color is already peeling off of the toe and I have only wore the shoes for about a month.
B006C1FLNW Love this watch!! I love the bright blue color.  I wear it a lot more often than I thought I would...eben when nothing else matches.  I like it so much I also ordered in another color.  It is light on the wrist and I like the feel of the band.  It is not &#34;rubber&#34; and I like that.
B006IWD6HS Son loves them Love the color green/black and they fit as expected. Hopefully my son will get a couple of seasons out of these.
B006JCTRDO Love them They were exactly like the picture... Great fit and color... I plan to purchase every color for the spring...my daughter absolutely loves them.... Nice suede sneakers
B006L269QU Not purple The color in the picture looks more purple than blue.  When i opened the box the shoes were a bright blue color.  I kept them anyway and have received so many comments on how cool they are.
B006OEY2NC Puma Golf shoes I liked the color they corrdinate with my cart and bag. They're comfortable.  I like the sole design good grip.  I would recommend this to others.
B006OFK01E Comfortable and look great These are most comfortable golf shoes I have ever owned.  I like the style and color as well.  Would highly recommend.
B006OG0FA4 Didn't care for style I felt like the style of these shoes made my feet look 2 sizes bigger.  Probably due to the black color.
B006OG0FA4 Golf shoes Shoes look very nice ,very comfortable and true to size!&#128512;the color match was perfect for our new inter club shirts&#128563;
B006PF0F5O Great outfit! Perfect colors. Love that its short sleeved cause long sleeved ones get too warm.. Sized right. I love the color.
B006QNQSV0 So many compliments I love these shoes.  They are light and comfortable and I receive compliments on the style and color every time I wear them.  I also have them in black and love them just as much.  This review is for the Wild Aster/Pool Blue shoe.
B006QNQSV0 Love this shoe I've bought this in a variety of colors - the perfect flat.  The berry color is perfect for spring. Tempted to get the green as well
B006QO2SD6 Puma Flat The styling and color were great but the shoe was not as flexible or comfortable as I thought it would be and I returned them.
B006QO2SFO Looks like little kid shoes I ordered these because I like flat sneakers with some color but when they arrived they looked like bright blue keds for a little girl. They also seemed a bit snug, so order a half size up. I ended up returning them but will keep Puma in mind for future purchases.
B006QO2XP4 great Exactly what was expected. Only thing to note is the color. Color is more of a pink tint then red, but I liked that.
B006QOI4L6 so  light and sturdy im really picky on My shoes..These pumas fit wonderful and are madeto last.(like all Puma items)the color and design are great
B006QOI4L6 Anniversary Gift I gave this out to my girldfriend for anniversary and she loved it. The inside of it is purple (her fav color) and they're very confortable.
B006QOIEY8 Perfect color . . . I was looking for a sneaker with these colors for the longest time. So glad that I found these. Great buy!
B006QOIEY8 my fav's i love these sneakes they are very comfortable and i love walking in them i would love to get another color however the other colors were more money.....
B006QOIEY8 I bought the shoes color Steel Gray I bought the shoes color Steel Gray, color of the shoes and comfort is what I wanted. The shipment arrived just in time- excellent
B006QOJ3HK Comfortable I find these shoes that I got through Amazon are very comfortable and easy to get on and off. I bought another pair inA different color.
B006QOJ8PM Good Fit Provides good support and fits true to size.  It has a good design and its color scheme is pleasing to the eye.
B006QOJ8PM great shoe Fit perfect. Extremely comfortable. Buying another pair in different color. Puma shoes are the most comfortable and great price on Amazon.
B006QOJ8PM Love it I love anything puma they fit really good and really comfortable. I like the color and the price was really good.
B006QOJ8PM Five Stars I really love the color of the texture. And it fits perfectly on me!
B006QOK6TY Can't go wrong with Puma's I tend to love classic brands and Puma's live's up to the expectations.  The sneaker is light and more attractive in person.  I'm going to try to find this brand in another color...maybe a pink.  Cute summer sneaker.
B006QOK6TY Very funky Very confortable and can be used in different occasions (gym, park, play with the kids). I love the color too!
B006QOL57G Fashion This product is good because is cheep, the color os great, are confortable and look very good with every clothes.
B006QP3CCQ it was ok. It was ok. I don't have any problem bout it at the tim. The color is perfec, nd I like it.
B006QP3CCQ Dark Blue These are still very beautiful shoes, but not purple. Tight fit.  Navy in color.  Puma Women's Glyde Mid Fashion Sneaker.
B006QPLVA6 Love the boots Love the look, fit and feel.Would recommend and purchase another pair but in a different color.  good job PUMA!!!
B006QPN3ZW Love them... I purchased these for my friend and he thinks they are comfortable and fashionable. He wants to get another pair in the black color also
B006QPN91K Eye Catcher If you are into fashion buy this shoe. I bought this shoe for the color and everybody who sees it asks me what color blue is it. It is very European in its shape and low profile. It was a little expensive but you have to pay for fashion. It does fit small so I recommend that you try a size larger than your dress shoes. It is not narrow but is short in length. Every where I wear these I get WOW comments.
B006QQ0QWY Beautiful Beautiful shoes, excellent price...my son love this shoes and this brand, the color and the style are awesome.Arrived on time.
B006QQ0Y7G Great Shoes Excellent product. Looks great as well as shoes are comfortable. Black color with black stripes and cat looks really nice.
B006QQ14NY Beautiful Shoes! I received these shoes today, and they, by far, exceeded my expectation!  They are a beautiful color, and VERY confortable.  I was concerned about buying shoes site unseen, but WOW!  I love them!!!
B006QQ1C5E I love it I love my puma Drift Cat  4 shoes, so nicethe black color is so beautiful, looks like original item
B006QQ1C5E Nice This shoes it was i thinked! the color, the form, texture excellent but a little bit tied! but its ok!
B006QQ1HZ4 Puma Future This is a classy shoes. It fits pretty good and is comfortable to wear about. I am getting another in a different color.
B006QQ1NXU a good deal really good shoe!! i loved the color and fitted as expected!! i hope to find some good deals same as this one!
B006QQI3ZQ Amazing color and style My brother very rarely compliments something of mine and he definitely raved about these. The color of them are awesome, very simplistic and contemporary. The only thing is that they didn't have my size which is 8.0 so i tried out the 7.5. They were very tight and uncomfortable at first but they kinda stretched out and now they fit fine. It was mainly the width that was bothering me.
B006QQI3ZQ classic Nothing like classic Pumas...altho more like a track or scuba shoe, fits snug and is unique. Not many have this style or color
B006QQI76Q nice color, good for driving cars with small pedals.... This is my second pair, i had a previous version which I loved. These are a slightly newer model and somewhat feel flimsier but still good.The blue is a very nice color and for my old cars with very narrowly spaced pedals I depend on shows that don't add bulk to my size 12 feet.
B006QQIYL4 Really confortable This shoes are really confortable, soft, the color is pretty nice but a first view look a little nasty but i recomend it
B006QX9KNI Looks used and faded. I was very excited to have seen the package at my door. I was eagerly waiting for it.When i opened it , my initial feelings were - Is it really new??The fit is OK but the blue color is faded. Not sure if the manufacturer meant it to be but it looked a used product. I dont think its a used one though. It just looked like one due to the faded blue color.Another complaint the jacket(fabric) isnt holding firm. A set of keys in my pocket is pulling my jacket downwards.I dont recommend the product. I m returning this even though it costs me shipping.
B006QX9KNI kind of disappointed... Two major issues with this. The Nice Dark blue color shown, is a bit faded. It does not go well with the rest of teh red and white that are nicely bright.Second issue is fit. It is too long, and a just bit skinny
B006QXOWHC My new favorite sweatshirt I really like this hoodie. Fits well. looks great. very comfortable. I would buy another one in a different color but they seem to sell out fast.
B006QXPX9I LOVE my new Puma hoody! I bought 2-3 Puma hoodys and LOVE them. The quality and colors really stand out but I really like the silk-like lined hood. Even the cat, drawstring and puma cat on the sleeve color match. Very cool hoody!!!
B006QXPX9I Blue hoodie This hoodie is so comfy and cozy. Very nice pool blue color, bright and the puma logo is nicely stitched in. Very nice!
B006QXPX9I loved it awsum just loved it i love puma and love yellow color its looks great to me but lets see how it is when i actually recive it
B006QXPX9I Faded Fast Pulled out of the package we were super excited about this hoodie.  It looked awesome.  But just after 1 wash it faded so much.  The color doesn't pop at all anymore.  I am very sad about it.
B006QXPZT6 Puma runs a size bigger then Nike Also it's like a grayish color and green I can see no ... Puma runs a size bigger then NikeAlso it's like a grayish color and green I can see no blue
B006QYHHFU Great buy This was a great buy and fit my dad perfectly.. nice material and length! Went back and bought another in a different color!
B006QZ3VDG Great color but its too big on me, i'm too little and it looks weird.. its okay for the gym and with sweats...
B006SZ5F5G Excellent Excellent ! I louve it!!!Just what i nedeed!!!!I Will buy more in the future!!!!And the color it's beautiful!!!
B006SZ5MN6 Casual watch This is gorgeous! Color and size is perfect. I hope I can collect all the colors. Price is worth it.
B006SZ5NAI I'm an ER nurse and it's fantastic for all the gross encounters I have I'm an ER nurse and it's fantastic for all the gross encounters I have...  just wipe it down and and it's good to go... be aware though that the picture provided looks much more pink than it actually is... it's more plum in color
B006SZ5QUU Love it It's the second color I'm getting for my husband, he likes those sports watches very much. It was delivered a day before scheduled, which was great, no matter that the delivery time is not much total.
B006SZ5R1S Love it! I bought this for my stepdaughter and I'm even thinking of buying one for myself. I love the color and it's just cute.
B006SZ5R1S nice the delivery was excelent in timing. the color is little more pink than i expected. but for the price i think it was a good purchase.
B006SZ5R1S love it The watch is light, and the color is as bright as it looks on the pictures,i get lots of complements on it!
B006SZ5UOM good I like this watch.. excellent choise..easy fit my wirst and the color is really good i use it every day
B006SZ610O Blue = Purple/Blue Surprised at the color out of the box, not the blue I had been expecting. Chose this watch for my son who absolutely loves it and has to fight off his 15 yr old sister to retain possession -she loves how it looks also. As a time piece, it's great. Easy to read at a glance, comfortable but the instructions were horrible making it not worth the effort to go beyond the basic functions. Still pining for the Nixon magic eightball.
B006SZ610O Love it! I love this watch! The color, the size... it just fits perfect! and it has nice features for those who run, walk, swim, travel, etc.
B006VEPHUM These are perfect My son and I both love these.  They fit as expected and will be perfect for indoor soccer!  He loves the color.
B006VWJSL8 Color off but still a nice jacket Nice jacket with quality details I like the color contrast with the logo.  Color is less red and more maroon but still satisfied.
B006VWJSL8 Looks gr8 Slightly big but it looks brilliant. The yellow is bright as hell. Love the color combination. Definitely a gift option !!!
B006VWLPLE A perfect Gift I bought it for my housband birthday and he is so happy, he love this brand, the color is perfect and the size too.
B006WBUL1Y Awesome Great shoes very comfortable true to shoe size love the color and how light they are fast and friendly to deal with shipping was a breeze great shoes a must have
B006WBUL1Y Splash of color for summer! Comfortable. Not a lot of support for a good deal of walking. Great to slip on to do a bit of shopping. Love the color!
B006WBWD6A Thanks You. They're great and very confortable, my wife's lovely with their shoes new. She wants another color maybe blue. Thanks you
B006Z699SW Easy to wear! It's spring time in Cali so its getting hot! Wearing these is like a slip-on. I love the color it matches with almost everything I wear that's bright colors.
B0071BW9KK great color combination They wore a blister on my back heel rubbing on the piece of fabric above my ankle.  Comfortable after I broke them in.
B0071BW9KK These Shoes are PINK Pumas run a bit small, they are on the narrow-side. I do like the shoe, but these are TOTALLY PINK, even tho the description says RED. I&#34;m considering returning them as I am not as pink is not my color. It's too bad as I totally would have loved them if they were red.
B0071EAEFO Puma soccer cleat The best and comfortable sneakrrs I ever have. Everybody look them and like the color. I am going to buy in another color.
B0071F07VE ok not the best quality but comfortable, my hubby says... but super nice color and worth to buy at 20$. give it a try if you find a good deal!
B0071F0IN6 Puma Cleats He loves them! They are a great color, fit and quality. We culd not buy these locally for the same price and nobody on his team has them, which is a big deal to a kid :)
B0071F1H9A i love it It got on time, on perfect conditions, it was what i expected! the color it's just like the picture! pretty!
B0071F1KYC Great Product My daughter picked these out and they were everything she wanted.  The site represented the sizing, color and style very well.
B0071F1KYC Love it It was for my daughter and she loved first the color and also the feel of the shoes.  Yes I will recommend it completely.
B0071F2DOS content The color is perfect and the size is exact, it is excellent quality and reasonable price. it costs me 35 bucks.
B0071RGGYY Cute shoes Haven't used them yet because I bought them larger than she needed, but they adorable!  I want them in another color!
B0071RGWAM Good Quality My daughter loves this sneaker! She loves the color ad the puma symbol on the side of the sneaker. It is easy to clean.
B00727EJIS Personal Preference I like the shoes, but not the color. The picture brings out the lime green and yellow, but the actual shoe doesn't look as distinctive as pictured. I'm returning only because of the color issues, my personal preference.
B00727EJIS Cute! I love these shoes! The color is true to the picture and they fit perfect. I am thinking I need another pair in another color! These will be my go to shoes at all times when I am running errands and lounging.
B0073GAUC2 Love them! Love these shoes... fit great, true to size and color... feels like your walking on air... wore them once received tons of compliments.
B0073GAUC2 wrong color Over all I like the shoes but the pretty blueish green you see in the pic is not the same its alot more green which was disapointing.Puma Women's Complete SLX Ryjin J Running Shoe
B0073IR6PE Puma I love these shoes. The price was right on the spot. The color is very nice. The style is the best I've seen in a long time and recommend that you buy these shoes.
B0073IR6PE just about perfect they did fit on the small size, but since I ordered a bit larger than I thought our Grandson needed, they are OK.  He loves the color and that they are very lightweight.  I did have to go buy him black lace- the white were a bit bright on the grey shoes and very, very long.  I would buy these again for this great price.
B0073IR6PE Good product good product because it meets my expectations, quality and designPuma has always been to my likingthe color combination is good
B0073J7FK4 great size!!!! AWESOME! love the size love the color love everything about it!!!! so happy I got this and didnt go to a sports store to get one
B0073JMIMO Straight up purple I loved the design, wanted the bag so bad, but then it came, I had to check the amazon site again to read the description, it says burgundy for color, well burgundy must be french for purple, I mean like grape soda. I wanted it to be more brown. There was no way I could roll out of the house with a purple bag, just not my vibe.
B0073XIITC puma fan I have always loved the look of Pumas... They fit nice. I get alot of compliments on them. Great color
B0073XIITC puma tazon 5.... Love the shoes the fit is just right, love the color my very first in buying the puma brand, really comfortable
B0073XIITC love it love the color the way it feel and the way it look in my living room gray and pink nice
B0073XIITC Puma I read the other reviews about the shoe being small so I went a half size bigger and they fit great! I really like the style, the color too since I wasn't into the bright colors.  I wanted something stylish for wearing out and being on my feet for a long time, and this is it.  Guess I am still into old school with white color!
B0073XIITC Fantastic! I love Puma sneakers, and these had just the right amount of color, with the right amount of comfort. I would definitely recommend this line of shoes
B0073XIITC happy customer I have always liked puma and these are no exception, they fit perfectly and the color is fun. I have been very happy w/Amazon and will continue to shop for best prices here.
B0073XIITC Love the Color I like that these are easy to clean because of the fabric and the color was exactly what I wanted.
B0073XIITC Color isn't right The actual color of the shoe I bought doesn't match what I saw in the picture.  I thought I was getting a grey and pink show but it was actually black and purple.  I didn't read the description.  I only went by the picture.  Also after reading all of the reviews I ordered a 1/2 size bigger than I normally get which is a good thing because it just barely fit.  These shoes run small.  They look good but I just didn't need another pair of black shoes.
B0073XIM5W very cute the tennis are very cute, confused me a bit the color I thought they were black, but gray and green make good combination. are small very comfortable and soft to walk. Recommended 100%
B0076B8MFG great!!! great for soccer , nice color, fit perfect, the size was just right. I would strongly recommend it  product !!!
B00772O5E6 getting better had a previous style in this cleat and it didn't make it more than one season. these are still going.  love the color
B0078NLMS6 god my price I love it really god price for a nice shoes, and was the  perfect size and the color was great
B007CTSE4Q Color fades after 2 or 3 washes Looks nice but the material is thin and the color fades after a couple of washes. Wouldn't recommend for this price.
B007IW8NJS Love these! Very comfortable and great price. Would like to order another pair in different color if I can find at same price.
B007IX3572 Love This is a very nice pair of shoes, though the color is a darker grey in the picture they look black but I am still in love with them (:
B007IX3GDK Love them! Loved the color, fit as expected.
B007IXCZZU love them the color, te size, the material and the Price just go right! i really like them and totally recommend them
B007J58WA4 Nice Sneaker it was my mistake to order them, I ordered a size more ... but I love it , Great color , comfortable , soft , pretty , elegant , good finish ,
B007J5A6OE puma boot Bought this boot for my husband and he loved it. It's not a true BLACK color is has more of a dark grey color and the Puma detail is silver, it definitely has more canvas than leather and he wishes the tongue was a little more sturdy and that's the reason for 4 stars all in all he is pleased and would recommend this boot as it is STYLISH and COMFORTABLE...
B007J5K734 Loved them I am in love with Puma flats.  I bought these ones and I loved the nice color.  It is different than the ones I've purchased before.
B007JASSKI Don't buy The shoes are mislabeled they are not D(m) width as advertised. As soon as I opened the box I knew they were wrong. Puma makes great shoes, but pick a different style
B007JASSKI Small Fit I love the color and the materials of this shoe, my only compliment its that the sizing is wrong. I ordered 10 and i am 9.5, despite that, the shoes tighten to much. My advice, order a larger size, just in case.
B007M6BCZW Comfortable and Sharp These shoes are great! They make your feet pop with the vibrant color scheme. The thin sole makes them a pretty flexible and comfortable shoe as well. I was originally going to buy the Powercat 3.12's, but the finish on the shoe was glossy and it appeared to require a bit of maintenance to keep their look. These, on the other hand, share the same color scheme, and don't require the same amount of upkeep to look sharp. If you're considering the purchase, take it from me -- they're worth it!
B007M6BCZW Happy teenager again She loved it online and even more when she got it!! Comfortable and vivid. Fit was great and it matched most of her funky color style.
B007M6BV9O love my new cleats they are comfortable and i just love the color great traction on the field wet or dryso what are you waiting for go on get em
B007MAYD2C Blue shoes! Our toddler loves these.  Her favorite color is blue so this goes well with her favorite clothes.  She can run and play all day in these.
B007P44GBI PUMA Size true "M"Price expensive compared to some products and modelsFinally surprised of color .... Is displayed in the siteAnyway I am satisfied
B007P4L4L8 Navy blue color too light My husband wears these around the house, but if I'm going to nitpick, the color is a really light navy blue, to the point where the new pants look a few years old.  The length is probably 4 inches too long on him (he's 5'11&#34;), but better too long than too short.  If these were for me, I would send them back, but he will wear anything.  He likes the pockets.
B007P4O2LM Nice Jacket Very cool jacket, soft material in a nice color with good quality for occasional dress, just that I expect from puma.
B007P4OF5A Ok Very good, nice sweaters, sheltered, good material, nice color, right size, my son loves it, thanks, it was a good buy, thanks, all good
B007PK5T0Y comfy The shoe is lightweight and very comfy... I want another pair in a different color.. my color is hot though
B007PK5T0Y Comfortable and Nice I am a sneaker freak!!! I love them. The color and the design are beautiful. They can only be used for the track. Any other surface and they will be too slippery to handle. I like them.
B007Q36ALC Puma Fits perfectly, I love the brand,I will recommended they're awesome great color great fit and very comfortable for kids, very nice :)
B007SJK51K Good look Like it, but ordered a larger size. It' s good quality, very light and beautiful color. I just returned it.
B007SLGLX4 Very nice shoes for kids. My son love them and are very nice and he can put on myself and take fast so he love them. The color is very nice with cat on them.
B007SLGLX4 Little Kids Puma shoes stylish! This looks great on my son.  Its comfortable for him.  True to size.  Nice color. Stylish, price is right  Little kids shoes
B007SLGLX4 great shoes My son loves these shoes he like that there are no laces!!!! lol lol. I love the price and color.
B007SLGLX4 Gray color is great. Easy for kids. The gray color goes with almost everything. The velcro makes it so easy for my five year old to put his own shoes on. I don't know how comfortable they are on him though. They seem to not have much padding.
B007SM2M2W pretty good! Love it! My daughter like the color. very nice! of course, a good deal! I wanna one more! good, good!
B007SM2M2W Excellent Buy As with all Puma shoes these were excellent. True to size, great comfortable fit and my daughter absolutely loved the color.
B007TJLOHI Amazing Love them, comfortable and everything. style is great color is great and the fit is perfect. thanks alot for these
B007VL4VOW little ones well the material it is perfectl the color the Price totally correct but something happended with the size... they are kind of Little ones... : /
B007VL5X80 Beautiful shoes I saw these shoes on a French fashion magazine and decided to buy them immediately! I was not disappointed, they fit well and the color & dots are fun and original!
B007X0C5MQ confortable Very comfortable, nice, pretty an fits perfectly to muy little girl.  I will buy another in other color, very nice.
B0080BML44 love it I absolutely love my new backpack. It holds a lot of books. It is study and strong. My favorite this is the color of it. Unique and beautiful.
B0084CXKA8 like it Light color and very soft . my girl has put it on every second day from the day she got it
B0084CXN8W bright and pretty unusual color. i bought last year and my girl refused wear it for color. this year she so got bigger and decided its quite cool. fits well and decorations are pretty.
B0084CXOEK Great fit and color Love the purple color and the Mediums fit my daughter great who usually wears a size 7/8 in pants. They will be great for baseball and soccer practice.
B0086FN9MW Great! It is great quality and it's a great fit. The color is true to the picture. My son loves it!
B0086FN9MW Puma jacket I normally am not a fan of blue, but this hoodie is really a nice color and it is perfect for my grandson.
B0086FYO0I My son loves it! Fits perfectly.. I definitely would be buing more of these Puma hoodies, my son wears it everywhere and the color is beatiful
B0086VGCRA Very light Extremely light and therefore hard to get your foot into w/o opening up the laces extremely wide.  Also color is more towards purple then blue
B0089TIXN0 Nice The size of this is really for a man, color is perfect. I have no regret for buying this, really worth it.
B0089TJ190 it's awesome i love it , i love it's color and i love the style i am do imparts . thanks puma for this wristwatch
B008A6BPJQ Love These Nice color. Puma is the only sneaker that fits me well and is super comfortable. I was going to purchase these from Puma for double the price. Glad I thought to check Amazon first.
B008A6BPJQ Good It item has de right size, color and everything. It was on time, and the price was awesome.Thanks, M
B008A6CIL0 perfect shoes I love Puma's. They can be so hard to find in local stores but I find their sizes run true to fit so ordering on line is not a problem other than what color to get. They fit amazingly are had enough room around my toe area that it doesn't feel to constricting. Black is always good for a shoe color. love them
B008A6CIL0 I love it! These shoes are prettier than pictures. I love The color, it is a beautiful red. the size is the correct.
B008A6CIL0 Awesome! The shoes fit great and I love the color! Nice and light it almost feels like Im just wearing socks
B008A6COO6 it was a gift I was told it they fit perfectly and are very comfortable. The color was as pictured and the recipient was happy
B008A6JWU0 they fit as expected! I love these shoes! you just simply can not go wrong if you buy them. soooo comfortable and light!they are true to size and I am very happy to have a pair. even thinking to purchase second pair of different color
B008A6KTKC Great shoes I love the color and style, are very comfortable. the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the thong comes attach to  all the shoe, making it a bit difficult to put them on but other than that are great.
B008A6KTKC Love the color! These are really cute shoes!  I love the bright colors.  Unfortunately, I have to return them because they slide too much in the heel even though they fit great everywhere else. The tongue is sewn in so it is snug getting my foot into the shoe, but I understood that was expected with PUMA's.  I hate that I have to return these. I haven't seen any others that I like the color scheme as well as these.
B008A6KTKC Awesome Shoes I love these shoes.. The color is awesome and very vibrant. Comfy to run in. Everyone is jealous of my new Pumas..
B008A6KTKC Great color Needed a smaller size. Nice color and great comfort. Price is reasonable and affordable. My error in ordering of size.
B008A6KTKC lovely It was very comfortable and lovely. Love  the color and patterns.  It's also very bright and beautiful when you wear them. Shipping very slow.
B008A6KTKC Ok for the price They are slightly smaller than other Puma's I own at the same size. Grey color is a lot darker than the photo
B008A6KTKC Very Satisfied! I love them!! They fit perfect and even though I wasn't sure about the color, I'm very pleased with them!
B008A6KTKC Shoe color matches the color in the picture.  Both pairs fit well. I do not like to receive shoes only to find out that the color was exagerrated in the picture. Both pairs fit well.
B008A6KTKC Color not as Expected I love puma shoes and they always fit right, are comfortable, and have good support. I gave these a 3 star and sent back because the color looked more lime green in the picture.
B008A6KTKC Perfec The shoes are perfect, the person who is using'm delighted.In personal opinion is very youthful pattern, color and design make them very comfortable.
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes! I love the color, the fit and the feel.  I use these for training and have loved them from the moment I put them on!
B008A6KTKC Nice shoes! These are very comfortable and look pretty cool.  I really like the color and design.  I use them in a mixed martial arts class exclusively and have had no issues with rubbing or discomfort.
B008A6KTKC Great athletic shoe. This shoes fits to size, has good structure and cushion insole. I was able to wear it comfortably the first day, all day. It also felt good when I did my workout and cardio. The plus to it all is the great fashion color that I have been complimented on many times!
B008A6PN1C So Comfy! This is my second pair, I chose this color because the black on my other pair stains the bottom of my feet making them look dirty. This pair is a little different than the pic, they are greener and a little darker than shown but they are very comfortable even if you are not used to a thong between your toes. Wish I had one of every color!
B008A6PN1C Like it These arrived on time, were true to color and size,  and are comfortable. They were worth the price and I love the color!
B008A6YAFW Very Nice Quality Shoes look exactly like the picture, they fit great and I'm going to by another pair in a different color.
B008A6YCRI Satisfied The picture don't lie! These are comfortable, light and for me personally I have better control wearing them.Just beautiful black and coral color, great for the price
B008A6YJDU Arrived on time and fit true to size I ordered these for my daughter.They fit.She has not used them yet.They arrived quickly.She is pleased with the bright color.
B008A6YWMI nice look This pair looks exactly as shown, the grey is a nice color. They were also a great price, it is rare to find Puma so inexpensive!
B008A77SH8 They are so comfortable! They fit perfectly and they look so cool and trendy,with the texture like suede and the light olive color I just love them.
B008A77TYK This shoes are awesome I really liked the color and they fit perfectly, although i wish they had it in color white in my size. I recommend this shoes to people from late teens to early twenties.
B008AH39YE Very cute Fits well. Washes with no color run. I love the puma brand so that that that that helps for sure
B008AHFYLA Love this suit! I originally bought this size 12 months in a different color and loved it so much that I bought this one in 18 months for my daughter. G
B008AILKZ8 Nice shoes I bought these shoes for my son.  He loves the color combination.  He said they are very comfortable.  They are surprisingly light for a shoes of this design.
B008AILQJI Nice Looking Lightweight Shoe Good looking design, very lightweight... only thing I'd like to note is that the actual color is a little more greenish than grey.
B008AJOHXO {~{WOW}~} Killer looks. Can't ask for a more stylish shoe. You'd love it. Nice color and comfort. Like the aero shape.
B008AJZ5OO Puma Nice kicks love it very comfortable, love the color am a big puma fan....I have the red one to it
B008AK6Q8C Awesome Love them !!!  I was looking for a shoe with a different look and color !! Already looking for another pair just a different color !! Lol
B008AKOFGW good product Excellente product , i liked so much, is great , and confortable shoes,and the color is the best, I recomended 100 %
B008AL2UCC wrong color I ordered the attack shoes online with the above picture in mind. When I got the shoes the stripes were dark grey instead of white. The whole reason I ordered the shoes online is because I don't have the time to go and buy them at the store and now that I have them I don't have the time to return and wait for the right color. also you can't wear these with shorts and its summer
B008ALI936 all is ok All right I'm perfect the size and color I like I will continue buying from amazon i have mis shoes in ba&ntilde;os ecuador in this moment
B008ALYJQW Great fit, love it The cleat was perfect for the occasion. I love it for the comfort, color and shape.I will definitely recommend it again and again.
B008AWUB54 so nice and comfortable this shoes are so nice the color is great and fits me perfect, everyone is asking where i get this?? hehehe love this and they were in a really good price!
B008AWW7Y2 Great shoe This was purchased for my husband and he loves the color, the fit, and the comfort of this shoe. He has almost every color now and would recommend these shoes to everyone. He loves the great quality as well.
B008AWYIXU TOTAL SATISFACTION MY SON HAS REPORTED THAT THESE SNEAKERS ARE EVEN BETTER THAN HE EXPECTED!  THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE.  HE NOW PLANS TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR IN A DIFFERENT COLOR. WE WERE BOTH IMPRESSED BY THE EXCELLENT AND QUICK SERVICE BUT NOT SURPRISED!  CONNIE SANBORN
B008AXTOQ0 Puma snickers because this model have three different color that you can use witch different pants and I feel comfortable witch the Pima brand , it's my second pair of snickers
B008AXTOQ0 Thanks I like it a lot ! The style is a color I favor. Not fitted as I expected though but it's very stylish
B008AXTOQ0 Great Product The shoes were just as I expected. Will buy another pair, different color, very soon! I love the shoes I bought.
B008AXTOQ0 EXCELLENT NICE SHOE EXCELLENT PRODUCTTHE BEST PURCHASE IMPOSIBLEPUMA VOLTAIC IS AMAZINGTHE COLOR LIKE EVERYBODY SPECIALTLY YOUNGS PEOPLEJUST IT PUMA
B008AXTOQ0 Where is the tongue?! It was not mentioned that these shoes do not have an adjustable tongue. It annoyed me at first, but the shoes fit fantastically! I love the color! The shoes are a yellow-green color, but not as bright as shown on the picture.
B008AXTOQ0 Fits well but a bit brighter than I thought After seeing all of the warnings and after owning another pair of puma's, I decided to buy these at a half size larger than I normally would buy. They fit correctly and perform well for my purposes, which are light running and working out.As my headline warns though, the color of the shoe was a bit brighter than I thought it was going to be. I bought the cherry tomato color and when I got them they are basically a brighter color of the ones you see. No entirely disheartening, as I know it will fade a bit after some wear but something you might want to consider.All in all it's a great shoe. I'd recommend for light to moderate activities.
B008AXTOQ0 Great running shoe I love this style and will probably buy several different color schemes. They are reinforced in the right places and padded for dynamic workouts.
B008AXTOQ0 puma Very nice shoe. Light and comfortable. I like the color and fit. Easy on and off. Very happy with purchase.
B008AXTOQ0 Great gift I gave them as a gift and my friend loved them . Thinking about getting me the same pair color .
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes The &#34;Cherry Tomato&#34; color is definitely not cherry or how they appear in the picture. These are very bright orange - if you have ever seen the cleats Brandon Marshall wears for the Chicago Bears then expect similar! I still like them, just not what I had expected. Shoes are very comfortable. Expect the fit to be snug as these are training shoes. Overall good shoe - just be aware of the color!
B008AXTOQ0 PERFECT Very comfortable, flexible than other Pumas. will def. order another color same style. The item came in a nice bag that could be also used. awesome
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable Comfortable. But just a little snug around the toe area.  Great color (dark blue) works perfectly for my job that requires black shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Wonderful Gift Purchased gift for husband birthday. He loves the bright  yellow color and excellent fit. The eco friendly shoe bag is the best. ks
B008AXTOQ0 Style color &#128077;&#128077; There perfect size color style I've orders the other style n didn't quit fit right like this much much better
B008AXW9PI Great fit My son has big wide feet so we got these in a 15 and he said they fit like a glove. The blue color is great!
B008AXW9PI Track Perfect My son said he likes them alot, the color is what atrracted him, and he has been in 2 meets so far and said they are very comfortable.
B008AXY38Y Puma Shoes I love the color and style of the Puma shoe.  Not only is it comfortable, but it can be worn with a casual sporty apparel.
B008AZD5ZE Sounders kicks? Yes. These shoes are great! Fit well, quality product, and everyone loves them and always compliments on them. Buy them, and then buy them in a different way color. ;)
B008AZD5ZE Comfortable Since it was a man's shoe I should of gotten a 6.5 but I love the fit and going to order me another color.
B008AZD5ZE Love the shoes! My son loves these shoes.  He says they feel great and all his friends complimented him on the style and color.  I would definitely recommend them to any sixth grade boy wanting to make a fashion statement.
B008AZD5ZE Great shoes !!!! Very fancy and great quality. Nice color . I recommend to everyone. Just try it and won't be disappoint it.
B008AZD5ZE feels good It needs to breathe.  Needs fiber mesh. Good for sprint and long distances I like the color scheme also. Thanks
B008BXRZ9W Great Fit! Perfect shoe.  My daughter thinks they are very comfy, and they are so easy to put on.  I love the dark blue color because it hides the dirt.
B008BXRZ9W Love these So perfect for my daughter, slide on easy and perfect for school. Love the color since they go with everything
B008CAYJG6 lots of positive comments As soon as I saw the color, I wanted it even though it cost more than the other available colors.  Looks good and fits good.  It is a larger face on the watch than appears in the photo, but that is ok.
B008CSFK84 Super nice!! This whatch is really nice, trendy, fashion!!...i love the  white color!!...i really like it.. There are so many puma watches that i love!!
B008EXQBU8 Perfect for running on dirt paths Good weight, good fit and good traction. Not crazy about the color combination but that's the direction that all current athletic shoes seem to be going.
B008EYP1K8 Love them I love these puma's and put them on the second they arrived.  They are great for jean day at work.  This is my third pair of puma shoes I buy that are like this and this color (peach/pink) goes with everything!
B008EYP1K8 Weird color.  Weird fit. Please pass on these shoes.  They are a totally strange color.  Not really beige.  Not really pink.  They run large as well.
B008F05ZMA liked it The jacket is very nice  well made , however for beein an extra -large size  it runs a Little small, although that happens with everything mado overseas now, but I liked it so much I ordered another one in a different color Thanks for your concerned.-
B008F05ZMA Puma Jacket Good Buy purchased this jacket for my son, it was the only one left @ the time of purchased & it is a nice jacket color & style.. my son loves it!
B008F061QO COLOR DOESN'T MATCH, LOGO IS TOO SMALL I'm not happy with the quality of this shirt. My girlfriend gave it to me as special gift to match my Ferrari bike. But there are two major drawbacks - color doesn't match and the Ferrari logo is too small and is overweight by the Puma logo. Do not recommend if you are a Ferrari fun.
B008F063BM Wrong What I ordered and what I got where two different things, I ordered an 8 and received a 61/2 and a different color and style than what was on the box. Big disappointment for Christmas Day :( Now I will have to reorder and ship these back...
B008F063BM Wife loves them while driving. Got them for my motor-head wife. She loves them... heel-toeing her Z3 around the neighborhood...Good fit. Purple color is her fav.
B008F06A5Q Love the color for my feet I needed a narrower shoe but these do work, and the color is great, so I am pleased
B008F06C7C Marvelous color combinations! I love these shoes and field tested them at the Philadelphia Flower Show this past weekend!***** Puma has amazing color combinations!
B008F06KB0 Love my shoes I love the colors and the fit is perfect. I have searched a lot for a perfect color in these Puma shoes.
B008F06KB0 It's OK In the picture, the color looks more blue, but in fact, it's kind of purple. Anyway, they're okay because they're light and comfortable.
B008F06T0W Good shoes Mu wife loves it they fit as expected , the color the brand almost everything in it are perfectI will recommend this productSIMMONS
B008F06T0W Excellent choice!!!!! My puma shoes fits all my expectations, light, good arch, pretty, comfortables. I just one to buy another pair in a different color &#9786;&#65039;
B008F06T0W Great Color The shoes fit as expected and have a great cushion. I don't usually like pink but with the 2 different shades with the turquoise blue highlight, it looks amazing
B008F17R2K Sale! I like the fit of the shoes. Not sure why only this color was on sale though. The color is not the best
B008F17R2K Just Love Them !! Extremely pleased. Tennis shoes are very comfortable and look great. My teenager is crazy about them. Color as expected. We recommend them.
B008F17R2K TO SMALL IM SENDING THEM BACK AND GETTING A BIGGER SIZE AND A DIFFERENT COLOR THANK YOU VERY VERY VERY MUCHHAPPY NEW YEARS
B008F17R2K It's To Tight For me this product would be fine if one could get a 3E or 4E width. I've been buying New Balance shoes because you could get them extra wide. I nomally wear a 10 4E size shoe. Since I liked the color of the PUMA Men's BioWeb Elite Running Shoe I decided to order a size 11.5 in hope that the extra length would make the width just right. Big mistake my experiment did not work. So I guess I will stick with New Balance. To bad because I really like the color of the PUMA.
B008F17R2K great deal, cool shoes I've worn pumas before so the size was exactly what I expected.  These shoes are a good bright color without being obnoxious or offensive (to me at least).  I assume they were on sale because of the color but they match a lot of things I have.  I wear them almost daily and they're very comfortable as well as stylish.
B008F17R2K Nice shoe, nice price Liked the color, but really like the fit.  Very comfortable.  May purchase another pair in a different color.  Would recommend.
B008F17R2K For my son... Not every mother works with her son... so his need of a decent pair of shoes was very noticable to me.. He found this type of shoe and wanted a different color... that wasn't available, so he decided on this color after the release date was pushed back. He loves these shoes. Very Comfortable for him. The shoes are very breathable, which is a good thing, since he works 14-16hr shifts on his feet. He really loves the shoes and is looking into a pair of another color. It has been a couple months now and the seams are still good, bottoms haven't worn out; no splits, pops or tears.
B008F195AW GREAT GIFT! I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and it fits him perfectly. The material is awesome quality! 5 stars! I'm thinking about buying another in a different color too for him even.
B008F195AW Nice Item I like it so much. Excellent size and color. The fabric is so pretty. But, is not red, the real color is dark orange.
B008F2DOOE Great for exercise These pants fit true to size, have plenty of room to be comfortable, are very attractive, and wash great.  Will buy more in a different color.
B008F3YHBC Beautiful! Great sweat jacket. Very alive color! Fits well, looks great.. Nice finishes. And overall I am in love with it. Expensive, but it was worth it.Thanks Amazon!
B008J0W1F0 5 Stars Great quality jacket, I got it a month ago in perfect condition, it looks like the picture, and the red color is attractive.
B008K03B6C SO COMFORTABLE I love these pants!!!  They fit perfectly and they're super comfy to run in. I wish I had them in every color!
B008QXBTF8 Great Shoes Fit just like expected.  I'm very happy with them.  I would recommend them and love the color.  I also purchased another pair in blue and black.
B008QY0MWS great product Love the style and comfort. Best of all,light weight. i recommend this shoe to anyone loking for som color in their golf attire and some comfort for their feet.
B008QY1X0S Too small Husband wears a 10.5 shoe, but these were way too tight in the front. Ordered a wide in a different color since this one was not available. We will see how it fits.
B008QY1X0S puma The shoes came in as the date expected. fit perfect, like the color and style. I recommended the shoes to my co golfer.
B008R9Y0V6 Great sneakers! Cute and comfortable. The color is perfect to wear with anything and I'm gonna order another pair very very soon.
B008RAGKBS Looks sharp and very comfy Fits as expected and nice design.  Would buy another pair in a different color for the same price.  Made really well.
B008RB3A1A Great Shoes These are amazing shoes. They are very comfortable, have a good fit, and look very nice. I always have people looking at them and then realizing it's me haha. I want to buy another pair in another color, that's how good they are...
B008RLUZ5O Comfortable and Nice Love the color and the fit.  Very comfortable shoes, looks good with either pants or shorts. I wear them almost everyday.
B008VQO9AC Love Them! I already have a pair in a different color and they fit perfectly and are very comfortable. Couldn't be happier.
B008VT3A54 Nice look! It is a good pair of shoes. They look solid but comfortable. The color combination is great. I hope the sole is long lasting.
B008VUG4FG A big hit with the little guy! My son's favorite color is red and what's cooler than a classic Puma Suede? He loves these shoes and I love how happy they make him.
B008VUJBLA great color, well made my daughter loved the color and fit. She has been wearing them for several months and they are still in great shape.
B008VUJBLA Love the Teal Color I ordered 1/2 size up since some reviews were they run small and I they will fit fine with room to grow through spring.  Love the color
B008VUJBLA Puma I love them and the price was fantastic! I love pumas, they fit well and i love the color. They are great
B008VUJBLA Perfect These are great shoes and my daughter really loves the color.  The laces come undone easily so double knot them
B008VUJBLA Cool shoes! These shoes are awesome.  The color is vibrant, the suede is retro-cool.  When my 10yo outgrows this size, we'll need to get another pair!
B008X04KR8 Good all around Bought for my son. He loved the color combo and says they are very comfortable to walk in.Happy with purchase.
B0097YHQ16 I love it. I love this product because allways it has a good quality, it has the correct size, and color. Thank you PUMA for make me feel happy.
B0098IBSTM puma review its got style baby.people always commenting on my fluroscent blue pumas.realy light but not the most comfortable but ok;might get another pair in a  different color..
B0098IBSU6 Featherlite First off, I wouldn't run in these. They look good , come with hiking laces that are brown / yellow colored.Not sure how Puma came up with that matching or even a good contrast to the black and gray shoe color.They are the lightest size 13s I own. Almost as light as my reef flip flops.The do run a little small and a bit wide for Puma.Well see how they last up to the Summer
B0098ICQPM mis-shaped after a few months The shoes have nice color and good price. However, didn't live as much as I expected. It became mis-shaped very quickly.
B009FD25EC Wrong Color So Headed Back..... These shoes fit okay & are really lightweight...however, I had to return them because the picture depicts black & mine were a light/medium slate gray...I would have kept them if the color was black...
B009FD2LM8 Great Was a good investment happy with it fit.very comfortable just right cant wait yo buy another pair but different color
B009FD51SO They are awesome! These runners are very comfy and fit great. Like the two different color of laces they send you. Didn't know that they even did that. First pair of puma's I have ever purchased. Will definitely be buying more in the future.
B009FDO3U6 Great Color Combination!! These shoes are very comfortable. I got several compliments from other soccer dads when I wore them the first time.  Great color combination.
B009FDPVRK Good shoes My son says he feels like his foot is being hugged. Also loves the color and mom loves the price. We will see how long they last now.
B009FDR416 Love these shoes Love these shoes - they fit perfect and very light.  Puma always carry the color combination that I'm looking for.
B009FM3NPI perfect fit!! this was great fit and very comfortable. i bought a few more actually of different color albeit. overall very happy
B009FM4BCW Great Pumas!!! Love Love these Sneakers.. Old school for sure. Very comfortable planning to buy these again. Worth the money&#8230;Color is what they say, and the stripe is not to bright.
B009FM64EK Nice, eye catching shoes I've gotten comments on these shoes by several people. It's definitely different. Love the color combo too. My only complaint is wish it was about 20 bucks cheaper..hahah.
B009FMR6D8 jacob love the color reminds me of the nike's i had look forward to sporting them out with shorts jacob from san antonio
B009FMRIS6 Didnt get the shoes i ordered They sent me the wrong color scheme i wanted the black/steel grey and paid the price but they sent me the on sale steel grey/black/yellow variation which is unwearable for me so seller has wasted my time and money now that I have to send in a return wouldn't buy from them again. The only positive thing is it did deliver on time just wrong product.
B009FMRLQU Amazing It's even better than I expected. Nice color that stands  for a long time. very comfortable for use and also nice price
B009FN614C Great Sneaker! My second pair These are very comfortable and stylish. They look good with jeans, leggings. I will purchase another color in the near future.
B009FN614C Puma Woamen's Wedge Sneakers Love! Love! Love!  So comfortable and pretty.  Exactly as the picture.  Color and all.  Will definitely purchase several more pairs.
B009FN614C great product I liked these better than the other one's I bought ( sugar brand blk) because they look more like sneakers and arent as small.  Theyre comfortable and I love the color.
B009FN614C Five Stars Love love love. ..the color is vibrant. Order ur right size.
B009FN614C perfect except.. perfect! although the color of the orange is more of a coral . but the shoes fit me just right
B009FN614C OUTSTANDING!!!!! Love the Color.  Looks cute with red skinny jeans, and white top.  I'm a very satisfied happy customer.  Thank you
B009FN614C Fancy and Sexy! Fits true to size. Love the color combinations of black and pink and the concealed wedge is of a perfect height.I would love to get other colors as well. Definitely worth the wait and price!
B009FN614C amazing Love love love them. Very comfy. Couldve went up one size but perfect fit and color. Thank you &#9829;&#9829;&#9829; ty
B009FN614C Not a pretty pink These shoes were comfortable enough, but the color looked better on-line.  I thought it was more like a neon pink.  It was just not a pretty shade.  Otherwise, the quality was good and packaging was top notch.
B009FN614C Nice I love them! They are very true to size fashionable and comfy. Cant wait to wear them again. Also love the color.
B009FN614C must have Love this sneaker the picture of the sneaker doesn't do the color no justice...the color is more like watermelon it's very eye-catching!!! For me they're true to fit and very comfortable.
B009FN614C great footwear many compliments by men, great fit, will by in another color, just overall attractive, eye candy for all, diced pineapples
B009FN614C So hot pink they almost look red but love em' I have like 6pairs all different colors of course. I thought thee were bubble gum pink but they look hot pink almost red. I thought they were red till I put them upto the light and noticed the link. But no as pink as color pictured. I guess virtual pink means not really pink? Lol. Anyways for the price they're awesome. I'm a size 8.5 but these I always get 8 they seem to run big. Suuuuper comfy I could last all day with them. Lots of compliments as to where I bought em' too. I want few more color but just checking I periodically for price drops :)
B009FN614C true to size love the color true to size.  and the color was perfect I love puma sneakers they fit so comfortable and love the way it looks with skinny jeans.
B009FN614C Fab Sneaks &Uuml;ber cool sneakers. Great color and just so trendy. I received compliments as soon as I wore them. Very comfortable too.
B009FN614C I love these shoes! They are very comfortable and stylish.  If I liked every color I would get them in every color.  Pink is my favorite.
B009FN614C New Favorite Shoes These are incredibly comfortable and pretty discreet for the height increase. I love them so much I bought them in another color.
B009FN614C Will enjoy them!!! I love them!!! The fit perfect! Cute with my jeans! AWESOME!!! Will get another pair different color! Cannot wait to wear them again!!!
B009FN614C Good sneaker My daughter had got them and it try them and I love them I'm getting another pair different color to wear with my jeans
B009FN614C LOVE thhe color! I have received lots of compliments and rightly so.....FABULOUS!  Kinda narrow but very happy with my purchase! Will definitely purchase more colors :-)
B009FN614C Love my Puma wedges The pink is my favorite. I got them in an ocean blue color and also a black one. For some reason, the pink is the most comfortable one & the best fit. Bonus: major rockstar compliments.
B009FN614C Puma I absolutely LOVE this sneaker. The best that i've owned in years!!!!  I'm in the process of purchasing  another pair as soon as Amazon confirms the correct color and style info. for me....
B009FN614C Just right Love them!!! Looks bigger than my size. I believe because of the wedge. Better than expected. Time to but another color :-)
B009FN697G Great shoes!! Great fit and great price! Shoe looks great on and get lots of compliments.  Looking forward to buying another pair in a different color.
B009FN6NRW Gift Bought as a gift for sister. She loves them. The color is cute and she has received loads of compliments.
B009FN6NRW Awesome! These are so comfortable and light weight. I absolutely love the pink color! Puma is a great brand which I expect to last a while.
B009G1T35M in love shopped this sneakers..love the fit,the color,, ill recommended to anyone..very light and conmfortable..and the price was excellent.will buy again...thank you
B009G1T35M nice fit love them very comfy thanksthe color is good to thank you I would recommend them in walking or running
B009G1T5YG Great color Love the color! The fit is ok, I wouldn't suggest it is a high quality shoe. I am selective what activities I wear them for. For the price worth the buy;)
B009G1T5YG Perfect color These shoes are very comfortable and easy on and off. The pink is the perfect pop of color. The shoes came earlier than expected. Great deal and perfect style.
B009G1T5YG Amazing color! Cause its a Nice shoes!I love it!!!!!!!The color is beutifil!!!!!!Very Nice color and confortable!!!!!!!!!!Tnis lindo , colorido e confort&aacute;vel!
B009G1T5YG Great look, stylish! loooove the color, except that it was a tad too tight. If you are buying this shoe, consider a 1/2 to 1 size up. The front can be a little snugged. I usually wear a size 6 for tennis shoes, so that's the size I got. But turns out, it was a tad too tight, and my younger sister stole it from me. She said she loved how beautiful the color is. I agree. great look. It has plenty of cushions too!
B009G1U2XE Perfect for the gym! Delivered on time, nice color, neat fit! Goes neatly with other colors especially matching socks.Price was expensive, but worth it!
B009G1WZP2 Awesome! Cute and comfy! I expect nothing less from puma. These shoes were a great price for this color in particular. Not sure why, but I'm not complaining!
B009GZS6OW Unique color, great style! Ordered these shoes for my husband. I love the olive color. Goes well with beige, browns and blues. A nice change from old boring black sneakers. The quality is 5* and the price was right. Very happy with these.
B009GZS6OW Fits like a glove. Great for people with high arches. I like the style and color of these shoes. The value is great b
B009KBRXR8 Size: 13.5 M US Little Kid |  Color: Azalea Pink/Blue/Whisper White I love amazon, excellent customer service as always, I was afraid 'cause I bought the pink sneaker promotion even with the strange mixture of pictures in the description, and I am really happy that amazon actually sent me what I was paying for: the pink sneaker. My daughter loves it, totally a hit !!!
B009KBTSKS like it I have purchased this style before for my girl who really love it. now buy it for future as bought same model before, like the new color
B009KUEOFS Nice colors Black and purple is a perfect color choice for girls goes with pretty much everything. My daughter loves it and where's it all the time.
B009KUEOFS Puma "love it" Not true to size but since it was for my 7 year old. its better for it to be big than small. so its worked out .very comfy and nice color. get compliments all the time
B009KVEDCG Great if you love green My daughter has one request for new shoes... they must be green.  When we first got these she was so upset it rained for 3 days... she could not wait to wear them.  She loves them and if you like green they are pretty slick and really pop for color.  the picture is right on with the color because these are a bright green.  The fit great and she loves them!
B009LA8GFG kids love it Bought 2 different color for my boys, not disappointed.  Did not shrink,good color, doesn't get overly wrinkled ~kids love it
B009MNYG1U great sneakers great color (looks very cool),excellent quality materials,feels very soft andvery comfortablemeets all my expectations...i love my new pumas
B009MNYG1U Great for Casual Wear! THE COLORS: I ordered these in the Black/Blue Grass color scheme because the accent color actually looked TEAL, a school color I was hoping to match. (Go CCU Chants!!!)  It was exactly the color I wanted.  The shoes come strung with white laces, but a Blue Grass/Teal set of laces is also included.THE FIT: As with most Puma shoes (from my experience), these run a little bit small.  I ordered a half size bigger than my usual and they fit perfectly.  They are very comfortable on my medium width feet.RECOMMENDATION: They're great.  I expect several years of very comfortable wear from them.
B009MNYG1U Very good! excellent just the color I wanted, fits me very well, are soft to walk definitely recommend them to me and would buy another in different color
B009MNYG1U Excellent So comfortable, really nice, the color is better than the color u see in the photo, nice nice, happy with my buy
B009MNYG1U great sneakers love the fit n color I originally brought them for my granddaughter but when they came they were to big for her so I kept them for myself n they fit perfect on my feet love the feel of the puma great sneakers love the color great buy.
B009O49UBS I love PUMA shoes These shoes are awesome even though the color is a little off.  To me, the shoe looks black and purple online but when I received them, they are black and blue.  Either way, these shoes look great.
B009SD2936 Great one Got really quick ,was in better condition,the color was a bit light as compared to the picture but its comfortable
B009STNEF2 Color and heel What looks closer to the color blue is more purple than expected. The bondage of shoe's rubber on the heel is weak. It took off after 2 weeks.
B009STNEF2 Great shoe! My husband received these shoes as a Christmas gift and absolutely loved them! The fit, color, and most importantly (to him) comfort were all wonderful.
B009STNEF2 excellent The white is nice but I love the green more because it is a class of color at all times so I will go the green
B009STNEF2 I love the color The fit is a little small, but the price was good. During time they will most likely stretch out and feel better.
B009STNEF2 Perfect Greaaaaaaattttttttt!!!! I love the color,the brand,everything. A lot of people are asking me from where I get it. love it
B009STNEF2 awesome this shoe is epic to say the least.  The color is vivid and bright and every time I wear them I get compliments.
B009STNEF2 Good one Light weight, stylish and comfortable. I am using this as a casual wear, got for $61 in some offer. I like the color combination too.
B009SUAWDI Wrong color Size is a little to big but if I was to go down half a size it would be too small. Biggest complaint is I ordered the white/silver/liberty blue but it's not blue it's purple.  Very disappointing
B009SUSWKI Good fit color... But the grey is more blue... The shoes fit and feel well. The discription and the picture of the shoe was slightly off. I was expecting the gray to be darker. But instead they are really more grayish blue.
B009V3NJR8 The red color is MUCH lighter than the picture appears Just got them theres ok, not that great of a quality certainly not as much as the El Ace shoe by puma. Also be warned when buying the red color, it is bright red almost pink not dark red or maroon like the picture looked
B009V3NJR8 Bright but good shoe Shoes are very light and feel great to wear, the color really pops too. Pretty impressed for my first pair of PUMA's.
B009V3NJR8 Great color I was looking for some cheap comfortable shoes. To my surprise, this is everything I wanted. When I run in these shoes they don't put a strain on my feet which is a necessity for great shoes.
B009XG1GM8 Love the color more in person Great color, great fit. We've had it for around a year maybe a little less and it still looks great!
B009XJ6ATO Granmommie The tennis dress is so cute and of quality material.  It fit my grandaughter very well.  The color was great....she just loves it!  It is a little big (I ordered the 6) but my daughter wanted it to fit that way.  Just Darling!!!
B00A005X4S Cute shoes I ordered these shoes to carry on vacation this summer.  I wanted something I can use around the hotel and to put on in case my traveling shoes bother my feet.  Love the color and they appear to be very well made.
B00A005X4S Love the color I don't know that I would classify this as a fashion sneaker but will find a lot of things to wear with these shoes!
B00A008HR8 Great Color, comfy and stylish Love the color (helps that it was the cheapest color too!).  Love the mini wedge, goes well with a pair of skinny jeans or leggings when you're lounging.  I wore these when I went on a long weekend in Newport and they were comfy sneaks to walk around all day in.
B00A008HR8 Comfortable and stylish Love the style on these shoes and I'm crazy for this orange color.  Was going to get the pink until I saw them in person and the orange is much cooler.  Nice fit and comfy too with a slight elevation, which I like!
B00A008HR8 AWESOME!!!!!! AWESOME SNEAKER WEDGE!!!!....THE PERFECT COLOR, STYLE AND THE HEEL IS JUST RIGHT!!!....WILL PURCHASE EVERY COLOR THAT'S AVAILABLE!!!.....WAY TO GO PUMA AND AMAZON!!!
B00A008HR8 Comfy Wedge heel gives this shoe some height but still maintains the comfort of a casual shoe.  The color is a fun orange color and will be great for spring and summer.  Puma's run a little small so I ordered half a size up and they fit.
B00A008HR8 PUMA Womens Caroline sneaker The shoesfit my feet well and my inlays fit also in them. Would buy an other pair in a different color.
B00A008HR8 Product was the same as pictured on the order screen Loved the color which was the same as the picture shown on the screen.  I found It a little difficult to slide my foot into the shoe & needed a shoe horn.  I was amazed to find out there was plenty of room at the toes.  The sneakers were still comfortable after wearing them a couple of hours.  Mostly I was impressed with the grey & white color of the sneakers as well as the slight wedge.
B00A008HR8 AWSOME LOOKING SHOES I love these shoes! The color is amazing. I now have 2 pair-the other in purple and love them both.
B00A008HR8 Love these sneakers I had been looking for a comfortable shoe to wear with jeans on weekends while running errands, etc.  These sneakers are so cute! I rarely order anything online but I'm glad I took the chance because I haven't seen this particular style/color in the stores.  I love the opal gray color as it goes with everything and the small wedge heal is the perfect height, not too tall. I ordered size 7.5 and it fits perfectly. I also opted for standard shipping which was free and had them within 5 days of the order.  I am Very happy with this purchase!
B00A3T5XDC GOOD! I love the color, the fabric is a bit soft, but I think it will be fine and quite fresh during my workouts at the gym
B00A7G0ZSO &#1605;&#1606; &#1575;&#1585;&#1608;&#1593; &#1575;&#1604;&#1587;&#1575;&#1593;&#1575;&#1578; Beautiful color and especially Golden Redeemed with White and emanate sound like the rest of the hours and size appropriate
B00A7H8Z3A I love it so much, I want another one! I love it so much, I want another ine, in different color. Its small and cute and I got many compliments on it. Loooove it!thanks!
B00A7H8Z3A I love it I love the design, the color, the material. It can be a little small for someone, so double check the measures.
B00AAMENCY This product meets all my expectations in terms of color and quality and status that came the clothes, I feel very satisfied This product meets all my expectations in terms of color and quality and status that came the clothes, I feel very satisfied
B00AJK427S cute-t color is a little lighter than shown. good fit and sleeves are folded on ends. thin and comfy most for summer.
B00AKDLEKC Puma Woman Tee Color look a lot different on the web site. Not the color I wasI expecting. somewhat disappointed. Price was not reasonable. Sizes run small.
B00AKDO81Y Perfect workout tank Great workout tank, exactly as expected and have been happy with it. The fit is good and the color is great.
B00AKQHCHI HOTT I bought this shirt for my husband who enjoyes tanks/sleeveless shirts for his workouts. It looks great on him, and fit exactly how we were expecting. The color is nice and rich black, which is really flattering. Some &#34;black&#34; shirts are more grey or green-tone, but this is true black. The quality is very nice, and you can tell that it was sewn with care - no loose strings or uneven edges. I will be repurchasing in a different color sometime in the near future.
B00AOAQAJG It's okay. I love the color combination. It's okay,@ first i thought this should be fine although there's no allowance for my toes,thinking it will stretch, but as i wear it longer,it hurts my feet a little bit.. I love the color combination.
B00AOAQAJG in my opinion maybe  1/4 size smaller but pretty accurate The color is much more muted, not as pretty peachy nude as the photo.I can live with that, though.
B00AOATXAO perfect color combo, height and fit! It fits perfectly! I love the color combination! It can be worn with a number of all fits.  Most importantly, although its a showstopper it is not too much!
B00AOBC4JA Great product for price I wear a 91/2 ordered that size but wish I would have ordered a 10 they are a little snug but I'm still going to wear them! Love the color!!!
B00AOBELPU Super comfy! These shoes slip on/off easily (even while tied) and are very comfortable. I love purple but if you don't you might opt for another color because it is bright but I love it
B00AOBFEC4 super I love these!  So comfy! I want them in every color and will order some as soon as they are re-stocked in my size.
B00AOBFEC4 Dope Sneakers I love em!!!! I didn't expect them to be as comfortable as they are! Love the color and the price!
B00AOCAP9A Love the Puma's! I love the fit, the color and the feel. They are light as a feather, which I really love. My puma's move with my feet and that is comfort!
B00AOCAP9A Nice shoes I really like these shoes. They are super lightweight and very comfortable. Great color too. They also have pretty good cushioning for how lightweight they are.
B00AOCAP9A Great shoes: light and comfortable The first thing that I noticed about these shoes was how light they are. I honestly thought there was nothing in the box they sent me! I bought the blue/purple color and absolutely love it! I have worn them jogging, biking and during workout sessions: these shoes are great across all platforms! I'm very pleased with them and Puma can consider me a customer in the future.
B00AOCAP9A Love them!! They are So lite and comfortable!! I get Lots of compliments on the color! I Will be purchasing them again definitely
B00AOCAP9A Buyers beware.. Everything was as expected, except the color!! It looks totally pink to me in the picture, but it's actually got some tomato like color to it. It's kinda pink but tomato-pink.. I should've got other more pink ones..
B00AOCAP9A PUMA Women's Formlite XT Ultra Cross-Training Shoe,Virtual Pink Was initially drawn to these because of the color combination. Was pleasantly surprised as to how very light weight and comfortable they are.
B00AOCAP9A Review of PUMA'S Formilite XT Ultra Cross-Training Shoe Love my PUMAS! Perfect fit, great color, and so lightweight! I would highly recommend these shoes tp anyone. I searched for a year to find this color -so happy!
B00AOCAP9A Super light and comfortable These sneakers are amazing.  They are so lightweight and comfortable and I just love the color! I also have the purple ones.  I would highly recommend them.  They run true to size.
B00AOCAP9A Perfect! Hugs your foot well, good for movement. Can wear all day without your feet hurting too! I love the color it came with too!
B00AOCAP9A I REALLY ENJOY MY Pumas I REALLY ENJOY MY Pumas. Very comfortable and light on my feet. I highly recommend them. I also love the pink color.. the packaging was great. and i got them on day promised.. way to go Amazon.
B00AOCDNJ4 Pretty Love these, love the fit, love the color, awesome to work out in. Very supportive.
B00AOCDNJ4 Beautiful color and comfortable They are winners! The color is gorgeous and they are really comfortable, I did not have any issues when I was working out. I have used them only once and so far so good. They also came in the smart bag which considerate and now I have a special bag for them.They fit true to size.
B00AOCDNJ4 Love these shoes! Love these shoes... They feel very supportive...& I love the color over the net of shoes it protects while giving great fashion!
B00AOD2OQ6 Perfect! This was a gift which was received with delight in every way! The color and the fit were totally sucessful. TheDelivery was  prompt and efficient. This was a good experience for everyone involved!
B00AOD2OQ6 Very comfortable shoes to wear Fast delivery, and good price. It's light and comfortable. Good for summer to wear... I like its color and quality....
B00AOD2OQ6 Lookin' sharp I love the retro look of these sneakers. It's the main reason why I purchased them. The price was very reasonable too. I got the blue ones with white motifs. Once they arrived and I pulled them out of the box, they appeared to be much more of a purple color than the bright blue pictured. I'll still wear them but just be warned.
B00AOD8YMO Comfort and Style This is the second pair of these that I have purchased. Great color, even more important, the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned
B00AOD8YMO Glow in the Dark Electric Color - could have been a little wider plus needs to breathe more  but the color is a real attention grabber, good price at Amazon
B00AOD8YMO awesome sport tennis shoes Because it's really comfortable  I like the color very bright so light I love it I really highly recommend only I like more choice on color's like dark green, and blue zafiro
B00AOD8YMO Love the color After about a day of breaking in the shoes, they are really comfortable to wear and my kids love the color.
B00AOD8YMO Great shoes I just love the color of these shoes. Not as wide as I had expected, but comfortable enough to wear. Will order more but get wider size.
B00AOD8YMO Awesome shoes. Very comfy shoes and they are good looking too. Color is very bright. I Love the glow in the dark feature.
B00AODW9HA Wonderful shoes! My son loves these shoes! The color, style, and fit are perfect. We will definately order shoes like these again!
B00AOE059S I just want to say........love it I really like them and i definitely recommend them. The color and the quality of these shoes runners are very good.
B00AOE059S awesome Awesome shoes would definitely by again.  Bought another color straight from puma and paid about 5 dollars more.  Nice product
B00AOE059S Great shoes Love these shoes very much.  Would buy in every color.  Can't wait for all of them to go on sale.
B00AOE059S As expected The shoe fit well, looked well and feels well. it arrived on time.  The color I viewed on line was fairly accurate.  A good purchase.
B00AOMTYRO Very Very nice Puma Nice color,this fits very well if you use this size please I recommend you to order and you will like it very much.
B00AOMYC2Q Beautiful shoe and Quick response. Beautiful and very comfortable and the color too is fantastic, Love it. Would order another pair of different color, soon.Thank you for sending replacement very quick. Excellent service.
B00AOMZH1Q great shoes Shoes are perfect really like them I will be ordering some more at a later date in a different color
B00AONUMYW Good product Everything was as expected, the color, the size, the time everything good, puma is the best than any one else.
B00AONUMYW good service It is a great design but b the color of the puma was not even. I saw little red dots instead of solid red color. It was exactly what ot shown on the picture. So the seller fault fot not liking it. So in returned and I got my refund back in couple days. I loved the service!
B00AONV17Y The white pumas The shoes are great in the color and the style, the BMW on the side looks great, but they are a bit small, but I think it is workable
B00AONVA52 Not very good quality! The edging on the sole started to peel away. It is white like the shoe. Where it is peeling, the color is an off white.
B00AONVVMO Great shoes! Got these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves them. . The color, style and sizing is a perfect fit for him.. only downfall is they don't have much traction. . So will have to wait for snow and ice to melt before he wears them outside again..
B00AOOH730 Price Right Color Close Basic shoe for a good price. Thought they were going to be Grey on Grey but they were more like Slate Blue.
B00AOOH730 stylish chose these for the color. they are comfortable and cool looking shoes. been wearing them for almost 3 weeks now and they are just fine
B00AOOH730 Love these shoes!!! I have been wearing Puma's for 20 years and they never disappoint.I have had almost every color of the rainbow that are available,my fave pair are my purple ones.
B00AOOH730 very comfortable The fit is wonderful, people asking where I got them from.Cause they never seen them in suede  ,Black in leather black on these are great. And will be back on ordering .Another in a difference color very soon.
B00AOOH730 Great shoes, wrong color. I love Pumas. Have about a dozen pair that I wear daily--not at the same time, silly. Bought these because they looked great and the colors sounded cool. It says dark shadow and black...what could go wrong? The colors weren't what I was expecting so I returned them. Nothing wrong with the shoes, just my expectation of the color was wrong.Sorry Puma.
B00AOOH730 Almost exactly what I expected! The color is a bit more blue than I thought.  Picture looked more gray to me.  Having worn them, they fit perfect, and I really like how they look.
B00AOOL1SC Great Shoes Very comfortable, fits as expected, great color
B00AOOL1SC Color isn't right. I ordered the black and white- black suede upper with the iconic puma stripe in white. Well, the stripe is more of a gray/green, NOT WHITE. WHITE is the color of the soles. The stripe, for some reason, is not white. I decided to keep the shoe, however, because it just wouldn't be worth paying more shipping.I hope everyone else has better luck getting the right color. The fit was perfect. The comfort is unbeatable. But the color, big mistake.
B00AOOL1SC Always go 1/2 size up for sneakers For my son and he loves them.  They come with 2 pairs of laces...one is the contrasting color and one is the grey of the sneaker
B00AOOL1SC Love this is my second pair of Classics I purchase them in Lime loved them so much I got these.  Great way to add some color to your look.
B00AOOLDO4 Love Pumas Great color, it's blue, or black, greenish? Cool kicks, and Pumas always fit well. Great feel and look. Just a shade under 5 stars
B00AOOZ1OC Super light, Perfect color, Love it. The delivery comes very quickly. The shoes are super light. I like the yellow color very much. And the size just fit perfectly. Also not expensive. I will probably buy another pair with different color, so I can have two pairs. Conclusion, love this.
B00AOOZP3Y Casual shoes. These shoes are good for basic daily tasks. Very comfortable and casual. The color is bright and the stitching seems strong.
B00AOQ4ZI8 Yes This is great purchase no matter The only thing that I dont really like was that they only had one color
B00AORB3DW love the shoes They fit true to size & have worn well after 2 months.  The color is bright & vivid and looks great.
B00AORB3DW Color is cool. I generally wear the size 9 Color is cool. I generally wear the size 9.5US PUMA shoes. That's why I chose 9.5 for this one as well.It is snug for me. My toes hurt a tad bit after wearing the shoe for 2 hours at a stretch. Doesn't matter much to me though. I just keep untying the shoe during breaks to relax it. but so far it is fine. I hope it lasts long.
B00AORC57U Luv it! I love this pair of Pumas!.  Cute, comfortable and true to size.  I get a compliment every time I wear them.  Definitely buying another pair in a different color.
B00AQ1HX1C Puma Fits well also it's good to wear under shoulder pads and the color stays bright when you wash and dry it
B00AWYUWR0 Great color and warm enough I simply love the color. And the material keeps me warm enough in air-conditioned environment. The size is true-fit. Great buy
B00AWZLPKM hubby loves it! really nice warm up jacket!  color is suberb!  great for car freaks!  fits good too and came quickly! get for your car man!
B00AY6NZDE nice shose I like it it is comfortable and simple all my friends ask about it it is amazing shoes  i think to have another one with other color
B00AYBQL4Y Perfect fit and beautiful color I loved this set. They are worth the price I paid for it. The 3T was fitting perfect for my 3 year old daughter.
B00AYBQOGO Good it's for my daughter,the color is her favorite ,and the size is fit. it's suitable for sports!so she like it
B00B1E4QSQ right size, right color and what my sister wanted ... right size, right color and what my sister wanted. She been looking over a year for the right Puma and now she has them. Thanks
B00B1E4QSQ Nice Nice and fit perfectly. True to its size. Will recommend to anyone. I want to buy again with different color
B00B1E4QSQ Puma Lover The puma sneakers came in on time. The color and fit was perfect!  The purchase price was great. I was completely satisfied with this purchase.
B00B4S2QUE This product is very excellent choice! I love it.Color and weight is awsome!!!!This product is also comfortable. When I Received my purchase and saw that I was very excited!
B00B5013PK Awesomely cool shoes! These are way better than the package deal they sell at Dicks.  This pair of shoes are quality made and are bright in color.
B00B502N5Y wrong color than advertised these shoes were advertised as pink when in fact they were red.  highly disappointed since we were ordering for a pink loving girl!
B00B5EDEZI Super comfy Very comfortable shoes and the color is great. I wore on a trip to a theme park and I had happy feet by the end of the day.
B00B5EDEZI Puma sneakers good fit, at a great price, the color wasn't exactly what i expected but shades don't always translate true on the internet
B00B5EDEZI My Favorite Style and Color Had another pair in a different color -- loved them so much that I wanted another pair. These fit perfectly and they are gorgeous! I couldn't find them in any stores so I was so happy to find them on Amazon.
B00B5EDEZI VERY NICE SHOES I HAVENT WORN THEM YET BUT FROM TRYING THEM ON I DON'T THINK YOU WILL BE ABLE TO WEAR THEM WITH A HEAVY SOCK. I LOVE THE COLOR. THEY SEEM TO BE VERY WELL MADE AND I BELIEVE THEY WILL BE DURABLE.
B00B5GEZG8 Good This is great n so cool i like My kids we love those sneaker is  a perfect size n Then color
B00B5GEZG8 not color expected Not the color shown they were pink and they didnt fit!!!! Dnt like the color at all the should be more spacific with color
B00B5HUIO0 Love the shoes I would reccommend to other buyers, the color and fit are great, they are easy to put on for her - great quality.
B00B5HUIO0 Very nice shoe! Well made and stylish! Very happy with this purchase! The color is spot on as well. I will buy more in different colors.
B00B5HUIO0 Awesome My son loves these shoes, and the color is so vibrant.  But boys these days like their shoes bright, so he thinks these are the coolest.  I love that the suede can be cleaned easily with a clean soapy cloth. Brilliant.
B00B5HUIO0 Very stylish Very cute shoes. I love the color, stylish. I got a big size on purpose so I'm not sure on comfort.
B00B5HUIO0 Love these Nice looking shoe my 3 yr old looks them nice color and style for any time of the year great buy
B00B5KZACC Not the color I expected I used amazon's filter to find shoes for a boy and this choice appeared and it says it is blue but when I received it, it is actually purple. It is a great shoe but for a girl!
B00B5W0110 LOVE IT I LOVE FERRARI SHOES I BOUGHT FOR MY KID THREE DIFFERENT COLOR BUT I HAVE TO TAKE ONE SIZE MORE BECAUSE OF SLIM CUT
B00B5W0110 Highly recommend. I was satisfied with the product. The color was true. Be the quality seemed just as I expected. Also the shipment arrived in no time which made me and my boy very happy to enjoy this holiday gift.
B00B5W0FHK These are good shoes I loooove them These are good shoes I loooove them!!! My one gripe is the color my daughter can definitely use some black and pink howver I knew the color when I purchased these.. I love how puma's look and she enjoy the way they feel...low cost option for growing little feet:)
B00B5W0FHK Great shoes My dauther love them for school and i love them to. Great shoes for a girl totally recomended i love the color
B00B5W0UUW my daughter loves it! a slight bigger than her normal size, but she will grow into it. she loves the color and its light on her feet.
B00B5WJRZ6 Puma shoes I bought this for my son and I bought the yellow color for him which is turn out to be very cute and he loves it.Thank you amazon for faster shipment too .
B00B7LUG00 As advertised Fit and finish as described. I'm pleased with the color, comfort and overall performance of this shoe. Would buy again.
B00B7LUG00 I love this Fit perfect, is very comfortable the  color is beautiful .Very good deal , the price is excellent .I encourage the people to by this !!!!
B00B7LUYFC Nice! Feels great wearing those at the gym! The color makes them so special! Its just been a week since I got them! Delivered as expected!
B00B7LUYFC If you want to train right..... Vibrant color! Exceptionally light weight! Durable climatic shoe! Price is right! Never worry about cars seeing me again! Traffic cones on your feet!
B00B7LVA8C Happy with my purchase. I was very satisfied with my purchase it fits on my feet as I wanted and I am thinking of buying another color.
B00B7LY4HQ So Comfy I love these for walking and running. I also wear them on the elliptical quite often, and they give my legs a different work out than my other gym shoes. They're light and breathe well. I love the way they support my arch and give my toes lots of room to spread out. They're very comfortable.There really is two different colors of purple, a grape color and a periwinkle-ish purple, and the black mesh part has a rainbow sparkly effect applied. It's cute, but I'm not sure that it really adds to the shoe. I'd buy another pair, but probably a different color scheme.
B00B9U4Z42 I love I liked it from its packaging to the lenses of very good quality and a very cool color I recommend
B00BAO96TG not what expected Not what I hoped for.chime rings even when turned off.wrist band uncomfortable .I do like it is waterproof and the color
B00BAXWTT6 :( :( Wrong side Come in :(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(
B00BEEOODU love it ove this brand alot all my baby boy sportear from puma and the size is fit and nice color :)
B00C25LTMY Very cool blue retro 80s shoes. Very cool blue retro 80s shoes. Love the blue color. actually bought two of these in blue and one in green.
B00C5UNM0I Perfect Fits nice no complains over the puma suede and the color id also beautyfull its like shinning stars in the sky
B00C5UOFS6 Comfortable! Great shoes, love the color, love the style, I have a bad back and these shoes lessen the pain, will look for them in another color
B00C5UPSS2 Color in picture is off, but otherwise awesome shoe! The color is orange, not yellow like the picture. The shoe still looks great and I am happy with the purchase.
B00C6BOILS very nice Got many compliments, fit perfect.  The toe area is a very vibrant blue, but I liked it. I may buy another color as additional pair
B00C6BPP10 Nice Nice. But was too big so I'm returning them. Love the color for spring and summer. I wish I could keep them.
B00C6BPP10 Five Stars I ordered them for my husband cause we couldnt find them in that color. He loves them.
B00C6BUJDY Hot color ! I love the fit n the pretty colors and even better the price!!theses will go in my suitcase straight to the Caribbean on vacation..can't wait
B00C6BUJDY I love my sneakers, they are super comfy!!! I have these in another color too because I love them sooo much.  Puma makes great sneakers and I can walk in them for hours.
B00C6BUJDY Awesome!! These sneakers are super comfortable and very stylish. I am already thinking of ordering them in a different color. Not to mention they made me a little taller:)
B00C6EW87G sharp looking shoes The tennis shoes are very nice.  The material is very good quality.  The color is a very pretty gray. I love pumas!
B00C6EW87G Puma sneakers I am a pretty consistent size 10. These seemed a tiny bit short.The blue color is pretty bright. I can wear them, tho.
B00C6EW87G Too lightweight Felt like I'd feel every pebble I stepped on but I did love the bright blue color. I ordered the 8.5 & 9 & neither fit me...one slightly short & the other too long:(. Had to return them.
B00C6FBWX6 omg! the color so bright hate it I im not happy luv the design its just the color!.....................the picture is looking good but in real is too bright!
B00C70T3W2 Fits good and super cute This produce is very true to color, size if perfect and it is comfortable for our 1 year old. I highly recommend it. He looks like a little man in this suit.
B00C70VXMU What you see if what you get! No surprises with the set!  Nice quality and color is good.  Got this for a little boy with blue eyes - thought the blue top would look good!  He wore it the day he got it!
B00C70ZRX6 Odd color Great fit for my thin 8 year old, colors are weird though. The blue and yellow accents are more purple and neon yellow. Difficult to find shirts to match!!
B00C72JV72 Just as it looks I bought this as a gift and is what I expected in color and size...............what you see is what you get.
B00C7JZXAY A little smallest If you ordered this puma sweater  just take a larger size. But the color and the sweater is super cute.
B00C7L1YMS Great Fit Wife loved the color and daughter loved the color and fit also.  The puma  will probably last 2 seasons before she grows out of it
B00C7MVPZS My daughters new favorite pants Fast shipping and they are comfortable fit I wouldn't mind getting them a different color as well .. Love the pants..
B00C9H8040 perfect "throw on" jacket i wear this to and from work. it is made well (as with all puma clothing/shoes) and love the color. and for $18 how can u go wrong!? love it!
B00CAJR2NW cute style and color, fit not good Pros: I love the style and color!Cons: runs a big large. Also, the Velcro straps are not great - they aren't attached to the other side from underneath and then loop around like most Velcro sneakers, so I don't think it will stay secure even if they did fit. Will not reorder in a smaller size because of this.
B00CAJT9OW So Bright!! Love the bright lime green color! More vibrant than shown. The shoe is lightweight and easy to put on my toddler!
B00CAJT9OW Try another style of Puma These shoes are cuter in the picture. They color of the shoe has a blue tint instead being black and overall look cheap.
B00CAJT9OW Highly satisfied I bought these pumas for my grandson and they fit great!  I love the color and the way they look..
B00CAJT9OW Awesome color My son loves his new shoes. The bright color is perfect for the upcoming summer and they stay on his active little feet with no problem.
B00CAJUT96 wow good for hike i like them i really like these shoes they are super cool comfortable and fit well i was afraid about the color but it looks amazing and nice
B00CAJZDHY Great Shoes! Good fit and love the color. I'm a walker and these are great for that. Recommend them. Price was right, too.
B00CAJZDHY Great buy for the price! I love these shoes. I have tendon problems in my feet and these shoes are so supportive and lightweight that I have been able to run! The color is more orange than coral (which is what I expected), but I love orange so I'm good the color. They are certainly eye catchers. I'm thinking about buying another pair in another color, that's how happy I am. And they didn't cost $150!
B00CAK38DY Great Shoe! Very comfortable, love the color and the price. They look and feel durable as well. I don't have much experience with Pumas (I'm an Asics man) but I couldn't resist the color and the price. I'm very satisfied so far. Recommend!
B00CAK38DY Excelente, en especial el color. Excelente,en especial el color.
B00CE5MK4I color the white color was not clear white that is the only comment i have but i like puma and i bought alot from this brand
B00CE6P0H6 Highly Recommended It was exactly what I was looking for.  The color was the perfect green!!  I would definitely recommend this product.
B00CE6P0H6 love it love it!!!!! it arrived at the planned time!!! the material is very good quality. the color is just like the picture.my only point is that the pockets at the sides are so small to fit anything.overall, it a good durable bag. my sister uses it everyday at school.
B00CE6P0H6 great backpack my son loves this backpack the color is bright  and its a great size for school. hes gotten tons of complements on it.
B00CE6P0H6 Not recommended I gave 2 star bcd the color of the bag is exactly the same as in the display. I bought the bag bcd of the color, but the quality of the bag is bad. I doubt if it is original puma or what.
B00CE8R6BC OK The motorsport portable looks very good, it has a good design, good color and it is usefull for me, everything ok
B00CEYPKHI Cute but... Nice but the color isnt a soft green like in the picture, but more of a highlighted green. Very flashly. Not what i expected.
B00CFDPE7Y light and very comfortable shoes, the trim color is lime green NOT yellow I am a nurse and stay on my feet a lot.  These shoes are very comfortable and light, which makes a big difference at the end of a 12 hour shift.  I had thought that the shoes had yellow trim but the trim is a lime green color.  This is not a big deal though because the color still looks good.
B00CIYXLRU As pretty as they looked on the picture It was a present and apparently size/style were perfect! BUT because of the material the color may wash out (sth that they didn't explain in the description)
B00CJRPQ7E Love it Very comfortable, cute and very good for summer when it is really hot outside.  We love the color on the sides too
B00CLUM9VK nice I like it lot thanks amazon.the color is beautiful the quality es good i wan see more choose at puma color yellow
B00CN5B73O Great! So cute and as I had expected! It got there on time and with no issues. The color was bright and colorful!
B00CN5BWTI Adorable better than picture Bought two of these for twin granddaughters for purple stride walk. The color purple is perfect. Great quality. Would recommend
B00CN5CI9G love it The color is fit for my kid, and she loves it very much. And the price is good,too! Thank you!
B00CVIGZ44 Nice shoes My wife is really happy,the shoes are nice and they fit good,I highly recommend and the price is low ,I like so much the color
B00CWL2EWC Like, can't love The gold color is a little more dull yellow than I thought and the bottoms of the shoes are browner. Fit great, goes along great with the right leggings and top but I just wanted the gold to be a little more goldish.
B00D3KGZ08 great item comfortable nice fit color name puma all good like the style also really good buy for the price thanks again
B00D4KBGIS Sizing Again Material top of the line but the sizing was totally wrong wrong wrong so next time i know better
B00D4KBPOI PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Toddler Printed Perform Short, Mazarin Blue, 2T Fitted nicely for my 32mths old boy.. The material is good. Will purchase other color if available.. Love it.. Thanks!!
B00DBDVDA4 The color I got is not what I have ordered Not right to deceive a client specifically when it is purchased online this is totally incorrect not professional at all!!!
B00DBDVDA4 Son loves them My son really likes the socks he has them on his Elfster Christmas list and was very happy to received them Christmas.  Very nice quality and color.
B00DBDVDA4 Great buy. Very comfortable socks for high intensity workouts and cycling.Would buy them again for sure. Wish it had some other color options.
B00DF7I6K6 Very Nice color and quality Very Nice color and quality. For the price I pay, I'm very happy. And it's from BMW motorsport, really nice
B00DGQR40E Love the color I love the color but it was a bit large for my grandson. He will grow into it in time.
B00DHJQ39S Love at first sight Love the bright color! I'm a person that loves to stand out with vibrant colors so there's were perfect for me! They are one of a kind! And they are pretty lightAnd comfortable! For $60-'that's a steal
B00DHJQ39S Was not the color i ordered I ordered the pink and white and instead i recieved purple with pink. I hate purple, horriable!! I sent them back the next day but since i dont live near ups i still had to pay $7.00 to ship them.
B00DHJRKU4 About this shoe I like this shoe it fit's as expected the color is good and easy on the eyes the bottom grips well and once you break them in they're even more comfortable. I played two rounds in them when I first got them just to make sure that they could hold up and they did. I also like the fact that all of the shoes material is wipe able. I would recommend this shoe to a friend, but buy a different color than purple I like the thought that I'm the only guy out here playing in purple
B00DHJT5PC Great look, Great comfort I tried on 30+ pairs of golf shoes. These were the most comfortable, versatile and stylish shoes by far. They seem to get more comfortable as the round goes on. I'm thinking of buying a different color to enhance my wardrobe. Worth the price of admission.
B00DKMWLF2 Cute... Very pretty....Seems to be of good quality for the price. The color is vibrant. I have not washed it yet, to see how it holds up with being washed...
B00DNNOCQE Very comfortable shoes.. This is a very comfortable shoes to wear it all day, also it looks good and fits as expected. I'll order another color to wear it to work.
B00DNNUQN2 Five Stars Like walking on air, super comfortable for my wide feet, and love the rad color.
B00DNO0GFE Pretty new shoes I really like these shoes.  I have them on right now.  And I get lots of comments, good ones, about the color--green and yellow.  They are very light--just right for a stroll around the block for a little old lady--nearly 80.  Thanks, Amazon.  n
B00DNO0QRC Nice classic styling. Good fit, I should have ordered a size 10 with the previous pair of Pumas .I'm satisfied.A light blue color would be nice.
B00DNO0QRC Color wash out ... I can not believe how quick these sneakers loss their wonderful color. I thought they were suede, instead they were made of some kind of denim.
B00DNU1OEA Not bad... Very thin but fits as expected. Not bad for price and looks better in person. Very small package but love the color.
B00DOEFG4Y Wrong color delivered I ordered these shoes in Limestone Gray for my son. When they arrived he was leaving for a trip so I just tossed the unopened box in his duffle. When he got to the destination and unpacked, he was surprised to see he had received black shoes. He didn't have a choice except to wear them since he was away so we can't return them, but next time we'll check the package right away. Fortunately they're comfortable and fit fine.
B00DOEPQD0 Five Stars Chosen for the style and color. My son likes the brand and was just what we expected
B00DOG55AW love this color and Ferrari's logo my fiance loves to see my brand new shoes!if he is happy, im happy!
B00DOL32BQ like i was expected these shoes are perfect, the color as same as in the web.
B00DOPGL42 Perfect These were for my grandson who will be dressed as the color &#34;blue&#34; for Halloween! Perfect fit, perfect color, great quality.
B00DQYYVAM awesome shoe I love the color combination on these shoes and i was gladly surprise that they were very comfortable. Bought the white ones as well.
B00DRIZGA6 I am team Puma Just got some new puma shoes, so i needed a blue shirt to go with them. Great fit. Great color
B00DRIZGA6 Bingo Fit loose nice and cool love it it is been recommended nice color nice material flow real well try to like it
B00DRIZGA6 Nice great color! Fits well.
B00DRUBDI8 Puma Tank It matches the PUMA Wedges I bought! Cute outfit...I would definitely buy another in a different color. Glad my review matters!
B00DTX8UR0 Nice shoe, kid loves them. Green color is incorrect in photo. My kid loves these shoes. They run a bit narrow (just like the bigger Pumas). The color on this Amazon page is not correct. I was hoping the green would be that seafoam / teal color.. but the green is more of a primary green with black shoe. Still nice, but not what I expected.
B00DTX9448 Love this PUMA They are made very well.. Awesome price.. coloring is good, not cheap looking, comfortable..I would definitely recommend them  or buy them in another color!!
B00DU0P368 Shoes Color was very decieving in the picture. I showed to be white instead it is silver. Alot more glitter than anticipated.
B00DULV8Y8 Perfect purchase! Bought these for my daughter and son, of course in a different color! Cute and they both say they are very comfortable. I think they are great because I don't have to fuss about shoe strings not being tied!!
B00DW2MBL4 love this! color is dead on from the photo to the product. it fits my nephew great! i def. would recommend it!
B00DY6160A Nice color and great fit Got these for my mom who was looking for a pair of casual sneakers she could wear that were still feminine and cute. These fit the bill! She loves the small wedge giving her small frame some height and liked the pink/orange color. Thought it would be too aggressive of a color but they were &#34;refreshing&#34;.
B00DY75DWQ Eh... Who doesn't love puma. These are true to size and so comfy they are great for every, running, working out etc. just about anything.I returned them because I hated how the color looked.
B00DY789HM PUMA Women's Classic Wedge Lace-Up, Black Electric I bought these shoes as a Birthday gift for my Granddaughter.  She loves them.  She was so excited, great fit and she adores the color.
B00DY7TR3W Love Love everything about this shoe! The comfort is exceptional. Well built and sturdy. Better than I expected. The color is perfection.
B00DYXTXJO PUMA I like Puma brand. Jacket is stylish and comfortable. Quality is perfect. Nice color. My son likes the cat on it.
B00E4PKTUI Nice This is a great sweat jacket.  The color is great, we got a red one/  One of the few items I bought on the Internet that looks hell of better in person then in the picture
B00E6O38WS Not good Color is not the same that I expected. Looks too cheap. Sewing is not that good either. Not recommend at all
B00E6O38WS color is good color is good but stitch is very poor quality and even worse is that size is very small than i expected20month my son can't wear it
B00EDHUOZM Very Nice I love wearing this hoodie around. It really stands out in color and quality, I would definitely buy another one.
B00EDHUOZM Love it Great color and feel and fit my 14 yr old teenage boy perfectlyI want to get  one for myself now.
B00EDHUOZM very good It has nice color and logo from outside and soft cloth from inside. It seemed like made with high quality.
B00EDOMUYI Awesomeeee!!!!! Delivery was great, price was perfect and the style and color is sharp!! Everyonethat has seen this shoe thinks they are one of kind. When I exercise I feel like I am aboutto sprint and take off. Very comfortable and a perfect fit. Now I am looking to purchaseanother pair of training Puma shoes but a different style and color. Anyone that trains, exercises or like to run fast, well these are it!!!
B00EDOR4L2 Wrong Color in Original Picture When I originally ordered this shoe, there were two different black shoes posted, one with pink and green and one with pink and silver.  I ordered the one with pink and green and when they arrived I was shocked to have received a pink, green and silver shoe instead of the pictured black shoe.  I checked again and the picture on my e-mail was still the black shoe, but the picture on the website had changed.  Be sure to double check the color description on your shoes before you order!
B00EDOR4L2 light weight Light weight shoe. Fits as expected. love the color. didn't realize that some of the design was shiny but that's ok. very satisfied
B00EDOR4L2 Great!!!! I really love the fit, and the color.
B00EDOR4L2 I didn't love the color on me I didn't love the color on me.  It was just what I was expecting, but I decided the bright coral/pink was a little too flashy for my liking, so I returned them in exchange for the same style, different color.  I normally wear a 7, but ordered in a 7.5 per other reviews and I'm happy I did.  I haven't gone running in them yet, but wearing them around the house so far, they are very comfortable. I'm happy with my purchase.
B00EDOR4L2 Love My Pumas! Amazon had these on sale for 50% off on the Deal of The Day the other day. I was in the market for a new pair and took advantage of the sale. Pumas tend to run a half size small. I ordered on a Monday and received them Tuesday. They fit perfectly and feel so good on my archless feet. Color was true and have received lots of compliments on them. Can't go wrong with Puma on comfort and style.
B00EDOR4L2 good fit good color I have not worn them to much but so far so good, Love the color and the fit is great, time will tell
B00EDOR4L2 Cool Shoes Fits well and I like the color
B00EDOR4L2 Cool coral This is a great looking shoe and very comfortable.  Excited to have found this color to go with my coral wardrobe.
B00EDOSC3G ... they are a ggod pair of shoes true size nice color good quality this shoes well they are a ggod pair of shoes true size nice color good quality
B00EP0N06C Outfit I love my baby Puma Outfit the color and size is great! I will make future purchases from amazon if this oufit come in more colors for girls.
B00EPEPHT6 OK except for contrast color I wanted black with orange to match my grandsons school colors and they sure looked black with orange, but they were black with red.  there was nothing in the description that said what the contrast color was.  He liked them anyway, but would have been happier if they had orange on them.
B00ETBBFA0 Different color I ordered the brown shoes as it was shown on the website and i received a gray color one instead
B00ETHZV2M She likes them! Bought them for my wife, she was pleasantly surprised with the comfort and the light weight feel of the shoes.. I will probably order them for her in a different color
B00EUS6MAA Beautiful color Bought this for my 5-year old grandson and it was as beautiful as the picture of it on the website.
B00EX92PUM Great hoodie! The color was slightly different than I expected but the material is outstanding.This hoodie is very soft and comfortable. It's my favorite now!
B00F5EK2FE Five Stars cool color fits good and very lite on feet!
B00FAM8GY0 Super cute! Love this capri - great color and fit - no muffin top - may have to get other colors, for sure!
B00FB64HLG Great fitting hoody. Looks exactly like picture shows, great color an fitness fit. Great for a quick run an workout jacket for you.
B00FRL46GG Awesome! My son loves them and they look great on him.  I am going to purchase another pair in a different color later on.
B00FRUD2NK GREAT THIS ITEM IS GREAT, I LOVE IT THE COLOR IS REALLY GOOD. THE MATERIAL IS GOOD FOR WASHING MACHINE. TKS
B00FSK95GM Ok Really cool but very small althought the color did fade after a long day in the sun it was still fun
B00FVYYEIE perfect!!!!!! it's very goooooooooood~~~my son is 7years old. (115cm & 25kg)it fits well as expected, and color is lightso i'm satisfactied
B00FVZG49U Love it The color was awesome, Its very easy to get on squirming kids... I would recommend it to all my friends...
B00FVZGL2K !!! Great color. Great fit. We Love Puma tracksuits! A little long but that's to be expected with all Puma tracksuits.
B00FW6QS26 Puma Germany soccer T I purchased this for my grandson to wear during FIFA 2014.  He was delighted with the color and his mother with the fit and quality.The price was good.  It had enough color and design to proclaim his loyalty without being over the top to wear to school.
B00GIS5HU6 Five Stars I love this set my grand daughter looks great in it. The color the fit, it's just perfect
B00GOMDGHM My wife loves them. her only complaint is the different color puma's, but she loves them and has always loved puma products for as long as I can remember
B00GOMDIMU great sox for Florida These socks are very light and the low cut works for me.  They are bargain priced and have a good color range.
B00GUXP6NW Hot sneakers! I was looking for sneakers that were a color other than the usual colors manufacturers think women want, pink, purple, white or yellow.  If a woman is buying running sneakers she is obviously going to use them and where I run those colors would get ruined in the first week. When I saw these I was sure that they were mens' sneakers at first, but I was pleasantly surprised when I read they were women's.  I got them a while ago and they fit great and really support my foot.  I recommend these sneakers to any woman that wants more of a variety for color than the usual women's color spectrum in sneakers without sacrificing comfort and durability.
B00IR93HCY Nice outdoor wear Fit well as per the size selected.Good fitting and color combiantion
B00IZP0IVS Good Product Great product love Puma however, the item shows color stripes on the tow but when I received they were all grey. No big deal they are socks but that is what caught my eye.
B00JE8TNMK New Pajamas for my grandson I purchased this for my grandson and he loved it! Fit was great and the color was so bright. He will get a lot of wear out of this new pajamas. He wanted to wear them as a short set at first lol
B00JRGK8NM Decent Fits my size 8.5 feet but I suspect they will shrink in the wash and be tight,  hole formed after wore once.  Pic is true to color.
B00JWY3J08 5 recommended. beautiful shoes these run slightly wide.  sizing down .5 recommended.  beautiful shoes.  very similar to asic's cove color
