B000K7EIME Beautiful but a little tight I have bought these shoes before and this time they feel a little tight.They are really nice shoes and I will keep them.
B000R4XHRC Way too small The shoes were made for skeletal feet. If you foot size is near normal or wider, do not purchase, you will be disappointed.
B001CHG1YY I've never been more pleased I had this pare a couple years back and loved them. Once you wear them in they are as comfortable as socks! The materials and craftsmanship is really good for a shoe that's around $50. I decided to rebuy them and I wasn't disappointed.  Fit's great. Even for having wide feet. If you too are like me just wait a week they should conform nicely to your foot :) I'll probably buy these again next year.
B001CHG1YY CAN'T GO WRONG WITH CLASSICS!! These Puma Classics are DOPE!  The quality and feel is just like I remember from back in the day.  The all blue colorway looks way better in person!  If they have your size, get it - you won't be disappointed!
B001CHG1YY now run small I've been wearing this style of Puma for years. Just received my new pair in size 11.5 as I always get. The new shoes are narrow and tight and don't fit me at all. The design must have changed. Quite disappointed.
B001CHG1YY They are very Nice.. Pumas are and have been amazing shoes.  I have been wearing pumas since I was a kid... Now Im 40 and my Feet are a little wider than they once were.  So You gotta break'm in Slowly...  Keep'm clean and dont skuff'm up.  If ya got wide feet they wiil seem a little tight at first.
B002C4JW06 didnt like it seemed cheap, and i didnt like the way it was tight to get foot in.
B002EENEDK Misrepresentation The shoes were not leather as stated.  I really was disappointed.  They looked cheap.  I thought Puma had good products.  Not true
B002EL3KQE Very tight These are cute shoes but they are VERY tight in the heel.  I even ordered half a size up and my son (6) still couldn't get them on.  He was quite upset because he loved the design so much.  Unfortunately, these will be going back.
B0031O0ESK very unhappy and disappointed I got this as a Christmas present and I was very excited about wearing.  After wearing it for a few hours I noticed it had stopped working 2 hours after it was set to the right date and time.  We reset the time and I continued to wear it, but noticed shortly afterwards it stopped working again. I am extremely disappointed and I do not recommend this product to anyone.
B003H6DC5O great men's socks This is the second time I have bought this set of men's socks.  I have never been disappointed with them a day in my life!
B003H6DC8G Poor design. The socks were comfortable until I added tennis shoes.  Once shoes were on, it took about 3 steps before the heel of the socks got pushed way down in my shoe.  I tried this with both pairs of my tennis shoes (different brands) and got the same result.  Very disappointed.
B003H6DC8G 3 pack puma no show socks I liked the fit of the white and pink, but the grey fir much smaller, barely large enough. They have what feels like an arch support built in which is very nice. Not bulky at all, just as pictured in amazon.  Overall I like them but the small fitting grey ones disappointed.
B003LY4ZPI Pretty good shoe I bought these for my boyfriend and after he broke them in, he likes them.  The top that goes over the foot was really tight and gave him blisters the first few times he wore them.  After they stretched out, they have been fine.
B003MAJWCW upset!! im highly upset i ordered these for work AND THEY SENT ME BLACK AN SILVER INSTEAD OF WHITE AND SILVER !!!!!!!!!! I DONT KNOW WHAT TO TELL MY BOSS I REALLY NEEDED THESE..............
B003ZZ3ELY Very Disappointed The watch has a nice look to it but unfortunately the band is not big enough to go around my wrist. It is sized for a child. EWatches clearly misrepresented the product and also gave me a hard time regarding my return.
B00439GCEM so cute I love the Soleil style, i have many colors - this is my favorite.  As soon as I saw this, black w/ purple and silver i knew i had to have it and am not disappointed.
B004GB0S6U Sons new shoes the shoes looked awesome. He just wore them today for the 1st time. We haven't been disappointed so far. Came very quickly. Thanks Amazon.
B004GB11O8 Look nice but might be tight Look really nice on. If you have wide feet might feel a bit tight. Overall they are really nice sneakers.
B004GB1242 Shoes look great but shoelaces are pink. Shoelaces are pictured as white but arrived pink. This may be a result of the red rubbing off on the white laces but nonetheless, i was disappointed i could not wear them immediately as i had to go and purchase white laces to replace the pink ones.
B004GB1242 Puma whirlwind tennis shoes I'd got them for my husband as a surprise and he absolutely loves them!! He really likes the way they look and fit
B004J4XSAW Puma is the Best I have owned several pairs of Puma athletic shoes and was not disappointed by my latest purchase.  These shoes fit perfect and are very comfortable.  In addition, they look exceptionally cool!
B004SUANZU saul goodman was not disappointed in the product will definitely be shopping for more pairs in the future if the prices remain the same
B004SUANZU PUMA Shoes I got these shoes for my boyfriend. He loves them! They are quickly becoming his favorite shoes. They are a great price and they are very comfortable. If you are thinking about buying them... do it! You will not be disappointed.
B004TPD8II Great shoes. Usually I'm hesitant about buying shoes off the internet, but this venture turned out to be well worth it. These shoes are fantastic. Extremely comfortable, very durable and above all - stylish while still being functional. Puma hasn't disappointed me yet!
B004XD0LO0 Very disappointed It was not what was advertised... I was very disappointed with this purchase. The company genuine depot purchased the watch from overstock.com and added $50 to overstock listed price.
B004ZIT63U Drop dead gorgeous I don't know what else I could say about shoes...they're Puma..everything I expected them to be.  If you like the style, you wont be disappointed.
B0050D9XSW ok not  what I expected this product. too small Product disappointed the product is ugly for an adult thanks fot this
B0050U20NU Utterly Disappointed I must say I am grossly disappointed with my purchase which was intended as a gift. I was proudly boasting richness of the gift to someone when we discovered that the lighting effect on the right foot the shoe is non-functional!!This defect takes away everything from the shoe. And for this reason it is better to buy some things off the shelf.
B0051TJZTM Disappointed... The picture is not the same as the product I recibed (gray sneakers instead of white...). Very bad trick to sell!!!Really disappointed!!!
B0053VN10C Disappointed Ordered this sweatshirt for my boyfriend for xmas but when it arrived and I gave it to him on xmas morning it was way too tight. My boyfriend is not a big guy and usually wears a large in regular shirts and prefers xlarge in sweatshirts to be able to wear something underneath. I ordered an xlarge and it was way too tight so the sizes run extremely small. Had to send it back and wait for a refund because it was not exchangeable now the same sweatshirt is unable altogether so he still does not have the sweatshirt.
B005552422 So So It is smaller than it looks like.I was a little bit disappointed about that.However, still good looking.In general, no problem.
B0057DPSQG I did not like them at all They r big too big.  Fit when u put on then stretch out way to fast not good  A big don't buy
B0057DPSQG really big all my underwears are large, i have been buying online underwears all the time, but those are way to big, it doest fit at all, its a nice matirial, i woud go for a smaller size.
B0058XG1CA Bad Purchase It was the worst purchase I made! I have sent a pair of sandals for children. I do not know what to do with them if you give them away or throwing it away. I live in Honduras and I get more expensive sending them to me the change. I am totally disappointed.
B0058XGI5A Perfect These shoes fit prefect!  Couldn't wait for them to get here and wasn't disappointed. I will be getting more from them  soon.
B0058XH5D4 Love! I love my new Puma's!  I am not much of a runner, so I tend to purchase shoes like this for everyday comfort.  These have not disappointed me yet!  They fit and feel good, although I did need a size larger.  I went to a store to try them on first before I ordered them at a better price!  Who knows?  They might just turn me into a runner!
B0058XH5D4 A bit disappointed The shoes looked so bulky and bit too heavy for my liking. It was really difficult to get into the shoes even though I had ordered one size up.
B0058XH5PM Way too tight These shoes have a very stylish look but unfortunately they are extremely too tight. I cut the strip that's holding the top but still tight. I wore them once and never again. These shoes are going straight to the garbage. very disappointing. I will never buy Puma or recommend it to someone.
B0058XH5PM nice shoes I like the way they look,  really sweet. they are  tight i ordered two sizes bigger and it still a little time to get used to them.. but that is the price of looking good i guess :D
B0058XHD86 puma I normally wear a 9 in all shoes. This is a 9.5 and it is a perfect fit. I was really concerned that it would be too big but it was a perfect buy. I will buy the same ones but in different colors.
B0058XHEBM Awesome It's hard to find size 14 shoes for men that is comfortable yet stylish. Never disappointed with the puma products. He loved it :)
B0058XHN6I It's okay I bought this product for my mom for her birthday because she really, REALLY wanted it. She was really excited for the product but she was a bit disappointed because after walking in it for a short while the edges cut her feet. I told her maybe she needs to walk around in it a bit more BUT after several times of using it..it STILL cut her feet so what's the point buying a product when she's not comfortable wearing it and yes, she boguht her correct size and everything. It was a bit disappointing.
B0058XHN6I question Where are these shoes? because they have not come to Venezuela from December, I'm upset and disappointed. I hope to answer, is the second email I send
B0058XHN6I Cute but ... Puma Women's Winning Diva Ballerina ShoeBought two different styles of Puma ballet flats, Diva and Zandy.  Zandy is cute on and fits the same as all 6.5 that I own.  The Diva style is cute, but the fit is way off.  Other reviewers describe it as narrow, but for me, it was a good half size smaller (shorter) than the other style.  Besides that, each shoe of the pair fits a little differently.  I don't understand why all the shoes of a type, like ballet flats, from the same manufacturer, should fit so differently. They are very uncomfortable.  I am so disappointed.
B0058XHSMC Loved it but it's not durable Cool and comfy shoes but lasted only for the 2 months of summer. So disappointed. Will try vans next time
B0059A04A2 LOVE these shoes!!! I had been looking at these for quite some time and I have not been disappointed since I bought them!  I love them!  They are so cute with jeans and will be super cute with a capris this summer.
B005CBX040 Great Cleats for the Price I'm always skeptical of buying cleats without trying them on. These were at a great price, so I went with them. I was not disappointed. They fit perfectly for me (which is pretty tight, as I like my cleats to be really tight for a good touch on the ball). I absolutely recommend them.
B005CKHVKK These shoes are so cute Such a cute shoe so well made just PLEASE ORDER A SIZE LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY WEAR or you will have to send them back and be disappointed .
B005CPBU2K Disappointed We have bought multiple Puma products over the 14 years my children have played soccer.  I bought these for my youngest child.  Good fit, comfortable, but within the first 2 uses, one of the seems completely split.  Very disappointed.
B005DTLFG6 Broke after wearing only a few times I didn't wear this pair of shoes often and the side of the right shoe broke. The leather is very thin. Very disappointed. I will never purchase any product from Puma any more.
B005DTOIF6 Crappy I wore these shoes one time and then threw them away. They were terrible quality. Very disappointed in these shoes.
B005DTR72W fashion shoe This is my tenth pair of Puma's. They look great but are too tight. Need to get a larger than normal size. I bit disappointed.
B005HEM8RW disappointed Had it for a week and the side zipper broke. I really expected better quality for the price. Would not recommend.
B005HEN3IK Wrong item Got shipment in and received shoes opened them and they were nice but keep looking at them and noticed they were not the same shoes I had ordered they were the cheaper ones in the box and when I called to try to get new ones they were not in stock so I was very disappointed
B005HEP57C Dissatisfied with product Wore the shoes 3 times and the eyeholes holding the shoelaces broke. I can no longer wear them. Very disappointed, especially based on how much I paid for them.
B005OTA9R6 Ouch is what i am saying After three months of going to Zumba class twice a week, i wanted to buy shoes that would be meant solely for Zumba. I have several different types of Puma shoes, I really love the brand and the fit.These however suck! And that is putting it nicely because during the class i was not saying suck in my head.I got them early because i figured being all leather i would have to really break them in. I have no intention of wearing these outside so i walked around my house in them, put on big socks, and tried to stretch them out. By Zumba time today, they were getting nice and comfortable so I took them for a try out. I did the warm up fine but there is not much going on. By the second song my feet were really hurting and i wasn't able to move more than i could in my tennis shoes. In fact, as the room became muggy it got worse on the not moving well part. It wasn't the bottom of my feet hurting ether, it was the top mostly around the toes. The shoes fit well until i guess you start to dance. Only one move i was able to perform better than in my tennis shoes.Tomorrow, is my Zumba tone class so i guess i will wear the shoes around my office with big socks on stretch them out some more and see how it goes. I really am disappointed with how these turned out. Based on the majority of the reviews i thought they would be better.
B005S0QEXE puma roma flower kids sneaker limstone gray/wild aster I purchased these shoes along with the yellow and white pair in a six , the yellow ones were fine but these looked like a seven or a 8.  They are huge and my daughter is only two.  I was very disappointed.
B005ZFCUIA Sweaty There is no room for your feet to breathe in these pumas.  I wear pumas quite regularly and was very disappointed that these were so tight and made my feet sweat after just a short period of time.
B005ZFCUIA puma was a bit snug on the sides and i don't have wide feet.  I was a bit disappointed because i really loved these shoes.
B005ZFCUIA You won't be disappointed! These are the best shoes I've ever owned. They are sturdy, durable and best of all, they look really good! I wear them to the gym about 4 times per week, they feel great on all the machines and especially when walking/jogging. Highly recommend.
B005ZT6ODS Run small I got the XL for a tall but very slender 12 year old. They are way too tight.  Very disappointed.
B0064IPTA8 Puma shoe This shoe started loosing the decorative stripes the very first time they were worn. They are not holding up well. Very disappointed.
B0064V6WD8 Disappointed The socks I received today in the mail was definetly not what I apparently thought I was gonna receive. I did not expect to see the fuchsia ones pictured as above. But figured I would get the same design but only in Grey and white. Nope. Plan puma socks. Very disappointed and quite mad.
B006QOJ8PM Tight fitting These are great except for the size. They are tight around the toe area when wearing regular socks. I have other puma shoes with the same size and don't have this problem. I found wearing running socks which are thinner helped enough to not return the shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Need a better way to size shoes on Amazon Different shoe companies have different sizes even if the number is the same. I cringe whenever I order a shoe that is supposed to fit because I normally get disappointed.
B006QOJ8PM poor exchange policy if you buy the shoes on sale and try to exchange them, they will charge you the regular price for the new size or color. So if you're buying these on sale, buy several sizes and just return the ones that you don't like or don't fit as the returns are free of charge.
B006QOJ8PM DISAPPOINTED!!! IM A TRUE SIZE 12 AND THESR ARE TOO TIGHT!!! I WAS REALLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE WAY THEY FIT!!! DISAPPOINTED!!!
B006QOJ8PM flashy The shoes fit good. I was disappointed to see the emblem on the side of the shoe is bright silver. Didn't show that very well in the pic.
B006QOJ8PM Sad..,they didn't work out... The instep on this shoe was way too tight. I couldn't get my right foot into them. I really liked the shoes and they were a great price.
B006QOJ8PM poor fit These shoes ran short and tight on my husband who I have been buying shoes for without any problem for years. They were well made and good looking but we felt if we sent them back for a larger size it would only solve the lengthy problem and the shoes would still be too snug. No more Pumas for us
B006QOJ8PM A little tight As you would expect with Puma, they run a little tight. Look great though. I will wear them in summer with lighter socks
B006QPN3ZW Well..... I really like the Puma style and when I saw  the Puma Men's Drift Cat 4 BMW Sneaker I had to have a pair. Amazon had them at a very competitive price so I orderedI am disappointed because the shoes are very narrow and tight fitting. They are of fine quality just very thin, with a glove like fit.I wear a size 8.5 but feel like I should have order these a size larger.I will probably wear them every once and again on weekend summer drives in my BMW 330Ci
B006WCMWG0 Love these My son really loves these... they are true to size and appearance from the photo. We've ordered several pairs of Pumas from Amazon and have never been disappointed... also love Puma's eco friendly packaging!
B0071BW9KK Disappointed I'm a big Puma sneakers fan and currently own 2 other pairs that have lasted me years. I was very excited about these but when I put them on I was immediately disappointed- the front part where my toes are is too big and the little leather part sticking out in the back rubs my heels raw. I tried to wear th one day but it's impossible. What a waste!
B0071F1KYC Returning product I was disappointed these shoes didn't fit my daughter because the price was great! And she loved the color. But they were too small. More disappointed they couldn't replace with the same shoe, different size. When I checked to see if another size could be ordered, the price had gone up $20!I will think twice before buying shoes again.
B00721FXXE I would NOT purchase these again. These shoes are stylish and cute, but they are by far the worst made Puma's I've seen.  For whatever reason, the velcro strap is too small and doesn't stick.  Our son can't even wear them because they are constantly unfastened and fall off his feet.  I'm pretty disappointed with them because of it.
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Tazon 5 Running Shoe,Black/Puma Silver/Rose Violet,8.5 B US Disappointed in sizing. Loved the look of the shoes, but had to give them to my niece, as they were much smaller than brand I normally buy in the exact same size.
B007IX3572 Too small! I have quite a few shoes from Puma in the same size (8.5), so I felt confident I was ordering the correct size.  Unfortunately, these shoes are smaller than the rest of my Pumas.  I'm pretty disappointed as I can't get an exchange for these.Otherwise, the shoes are pretty!  I thought they were black and yellow, more like a dark grey and yellow green.
B007TI70AO Broke too fast!!! I received a defective product!This cleat broke the first time i put them on.The didn't last even 10 minutes of the game.I'm very disappointed!!!
B007W1CBLQ Happy I am very happy with the trac suit. It arrived in a very timely manor, and the quality is what I expected from puma. The only thing that I was disappointed with was the size availability in the other colors choices.
B008A6KTKC Boats on my feet These are really big! Cannot run in them. Granted, ordering shoes off the internet is not smart but they shipped really fast, I mean next day fast.
B008A6KTKC love! These shoes fit perfect! I ordered a 71/2 and they are true to size. Ive been working out six days a week now since i got them because i love the way the look (got the baby blue ones) and I love they way they feel.
B008A6KTKC Can't wear, way too small Don't waste your money unless your feet are much smaller than average. I'm disappointed and I will be returning for a full refund.
B008A6YJDU Bit tight I have wide feet, so they feel a little tight in that area. I would still purchase it the same way
B008ALI936 Bab shoes very weakvery hard to walkI like the looksI bought several pumas shoes but they disappointed mesweat too
B008AXTOQ0 Blue shoelaces I was disappointed that the shoelaces were blue. Otherwise they look awesome and fit perfectly! Great for running and lifting weights.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes but size runs smaller than other Puma I ordered these for my husband who has a large foot. The shoes are VERY nice and the only reason I am giving it three stars is because they do not fit like other Puma shoes he has. They run very small. I was disappointed because they are very nice.
B008AXTOQ0 I can deal with. Hi,I don't know, I am always wearing size 41 (7.5 us) , but this shoes fell tight on my feet, i think it would be better if it was alittle wider.
B008BXRZ9W The best! Ok these shoes are amazing.  So comfy and stylish. So many compliments. Sporty and sweet at the same time.  You will not be disappointed.  Fits true to size.
B008F06KB0 poor quality I am very disappointed.  I always buy puma shoes but these are to big and they leak.  It is winter and my feet are wet and cold.  Will be sending them back.
B008F17R2K Little tight I'm sure they just have to get broke in other than that I really enjoy the comfort like them a lot.
B008F17R2K Kinda tight I saw some of the reviews listed Pumas on the smaller side. I had seen this before with other shoes and never had an issue before. These DO run on the smaller side. I still use the and like them but they are kinda tight.
B008F2BB4Y AWESOME jacket LOVED LOVED LOVED how this looks and feels. For the price, it's a tremendous deal. If they had it in other colors, i would buy them all!You will not be disappointed with this purchase!
B008QY0KMK Very Sharp Looking Shoes! Comfortable Shoes, and very sharp looking, Exceeds my expectations! Don't hesitate to buy these shoes!  You will not be disappointed!
B009FD2LM8 Seriously. The shoe is way too tight. Im a grown man. I wear a size 12 since 14 years old. This is the tightest size 12 Ive ever The shoes are nice looking but narrow and short. Its a shame. Seriously, I could barely get my foot in the shoe because the elastic sock is too tight. Unreal.
B009FD2LM8 Way to small of a FIT I really like the shoes colors and the brand .The shoe was really light weight but was way way to tight and my feet could not breath .I would have return it but just didnt feel like messing with it .Probly will not shop with them in the future !!
B009FM5NTM Awesome shoes I've been waiting on a pair of shoes from puma that looked like this for awhile and I'm not disappointed.
B009KVEDCG Disappointed in Puma. Highly disappointed in puma with this shoe. My son didn't even wear these for two months and the bottom rubber parts were pealing off the bottom... I've always bought puma shoes but these were horrid.
B009SU4IDI Disappointed In Puma I was somewhat disappointed in Puma this time around.  The shoe definitely runs small so go up a half size like the others say.  The Sneaker runs slim so if you have wide feet I would recommend trying it on first too.  The materials are also a little low budget in my opinion.  Usually when I get something from Puma I can guarantee that I'll get a high quality item especially for the price - not so much this time.  The tongue of the sneaker is very very thin and feels like plastic.  Overall I'm just disappointed.
B009SWX7TW Disappointed My boyfriend loves pumas and so I decided to buy these for him because they looked awesome. I was really disappointed with these though. They fell apart a week after we got them. The color also faded. Very disappointed.
B00AAME4UK PUMA - Kids Baby-Boys Infant Superstar Short Set, White, 18 Fit nicely for my 12month old boy. I ordered the above puma superstar short set white but i received a green/white puma short set. Quite disappointed as i never receive what i ordered.
B00AFPN4NA too tight for a 12 m baby mydaughter is 7 months and she uses 12 m., but i think that i should bought the 18 m. because the 12 m. is getting tight
B00AODTEZA Like the style & look Wish they fit! Going  have to return them. I need a wide width even went upa whole size.  Sort of disappointed.
B00AODVKJI Not comfortable My husband ordered these, looking for a new workout shoe.  He can't wear them, he says they are hard and not flexible.  Not even very comfortable when he's just standing.  Very disappointed in this PUMA
B00AOOH730 Disappointed. I read somewhere that Puma fits smaller for actual sizes, im a 11 so I ordered 11.5. They are somewhat Large.Disappointed.
B00AOOK2OG They are not for wide feet! They fit really tight, so tight that they hurt. I gave them away. I probably won't buy anymore shoes online.
B00AWXSA4I Disappointed in the product It is really small for being a men's large. More like a women's mediumVery disappointed. Too expensive for quality
B00B03F8V2 way too tight on leg. not as cushioned as lead to believe & they are way to tight on the leg.  Size for fit is fine but I'd look at other socks for same price unless you like blood flow restricted to your feet.
B00B1E4QSQ A little tight A little too tight for me but I am hoping they loosen up with wear.  I do really like the colors.
B00C6EW87G Disappointed Even though I gave it five stars (I really like the shoes) I'm disappointed about the size. It fitted exact.I bought a size 6.I needed a 61/2.From the way it felt I know it would be a very comfortable pair of shoes.
B00CAJZTVY Disappointed These were for my husband.  He runs about 30-45 miles a week.  Theses wore out so fast!  The soles had holes in them after 2 months. Will never buy them again
B00CIZ6NH4 Picture showed blue with white border.  Showed up as mostly purple with neon green and grey. Picture showed blue with white border.  Showed up as mostly purple with neon green highlights with grey borders.  NOWHERE did say that you would get those colors. VERY, VERY, VERY disappointed and ON SALE????? for 54+ dollars for this ugly thing??!!  It will be coming back.  I was SOOO excited and now I can honestly say that I am SOOOOOOOOO disappointed.  Live and learn but it will of course cost me.
B00CM3EIEC Material too thin and tight Also they look larger than they are, but they are tights really, and more capris with the tight ankles also. Disappointed in the material, undies show through (not good)  they are comfy enough she wears them around the house, but if I were ome to take the time to return these, I would have.  I have left five star ratings for Puma, and this is a first for these I have not gotten what I expected for style and really missed the boat on the material of these.
B00DULVYCO Lovely Pair Just disappointed that it does not fit my son now. But am looking forward to him wearing it when his feet grow.
B00DY75DWQ puma dipdye cross trainer Loved the colors when I saw this shoe,and I was not disappointed when I got them. As always with Puma,super light weight and comfortable. Great price and I'm happy with my selection!
B00EDOMUYI I love Pumas, but I am a bit disappointed with ... I love Pumas, but I am a bit disappointed with this pair. I'll keep them, but they just don't fit as well as other Pumas with similar design.
B00EDOR4L2 Colour is as shown on the website BUT For a 10.5 I didn't expect it to squeeze me.  So I am disappointed with the fit
B00F5YOVG0 TOO TIGHT I thought that this would b perfect for my son who wear 2T in clothing but this is a bit too tight for him...nice material by the way
B00FW4N4VG Disappointed. We brought the jacket that goes with this. The lettering started coming off after a few washing's on both items. We were disappointed as it was what made these clothes worth it for our son. Would not recommend buying these until they do a better job with the lettering. We washed in gentle cycle and dried as directed. I would avoid using the dryer next time.
B00GOMDK9Q lightweight but too tight These Puma Women's Non-Terry Runner socks were very lightweight but for my size 8 and wide foot, they are uncomfortably tight and did not feel stretchy enough. I wish I could return them.
B00GOMDKBO Wanted black socks so they don't turn dingy, love the tight knit of Puma sock, disappointed they get holes so quickly. I love Puma socks because I can wear them all day and while I sleep and wake up the next morning and they're still tight. But these ones get holes after only wearing them maybe 6 days total! So even after spending this much I'm tossing them with holes in the balls of the foot or the big toes! Oh well, will try a different set of socks next time, definitely won't buy them again.
B00HUY9HVC Better luck next time Very disappointed... thought it was based on shore size for boys when I received the product it did not match up at all.
