B00007282M These Pumas are wonderful! The Puma Men's Roma Shoe is simple but classy, yet good for everyday use.  A great selection of colors assures that you'll find a pair just right to fit your personality and wardrobe.  Not only do these shoes look good, but they feel good also.  I assure you will be satisfied with these shoes that will make you and your feet smile!
B00007282M Great Shoes I like these shoes very much, i have bought over 12 pairs of shoes from amazon, and these rank in my top 3 pairs. Very white, very easy to keep clean. I have wide feet, and these are not tight at all.
B00007282M PERFECT I've been looking for this specific color and style and went to every athletic shoe store in Phoenix and Las Vegas but could not find it until i happened to look on Amazon.  They, of course, had it and i ordered it immediately.  It took a little longer than expected to get the shoes but once they were here i slipped them on and they fit like a glove.
B000074A7G I absolutely love these shoes! I ordered these shoes as soom as i discovered them and fell in love with them.  I am absolutely ecstatic that i found these shoes!  I don't know what i would do without them!  They fit great-which is a difficult find for me considering i have narrow, size 11 flat feet-and they've totally got it covered.  I just slip them on-and they're so comfy!  I'm so happy with them that i'm thinking of buying another pair in a different color (probably pink...to match my hair...hee hee).  The only complaint that i would have is that the arch is a little funny feeling, but that's it...perfect if you like the feel of low converses (y'know that low on the ground feeling) but the look of the pumas.  And plus, in my opinion these look better than most pumas (none of those silly breathing holes or whatever) and the suede is que magnifique!  Reccommended for anyone, especially if you're looking for something casual sporty and cute or are simply a compulsive shopper! Just Have fun with them!4.879364 out of 5 stars
B0009QGPPO Hard to find-great shoe These are very hard to find and a great shoe. Daughter has worn them for six seasons because they protect her heels against growth plate issues when stricking a ball in soccer and running while her foot is growing 11-13 years old. Great replacement to cleats and support arch.
B0009QGPPO Great Boots - A Classic for a Player that wants the Best The Puma King boots, indoor, turf, molded and screw-in studs, have been and continue to be in a class of boots that define what every player should expect in their most important piece of equipment. The same can be said for the Mundial line from Adidas.  Both have extremely soft but durable leather. Molded studs that are rubber and not hard plastic. Solid heel cups for support.The biggest difference, and the reason I switched from Adidas to Puma, is the width of the soles.  I have E-EE wide feet and the Adidas line is two narrow, especially after they are fully broken in.  The Pumas are wider enough that I don't have to worry about that at all.The sizing for any shoes is variable by the different manufacturers and the lasts that they use to craft the shoes.  Even within a particular brand and even style, there will always be some variation.  Where and when they were made and small changes in design are big factors. In the US, the 10.5 fits me perfectly. I have other shoes of all types and brands that all fit great but vary in stated sizes from 9.5 to 11.5. The measuring device says I am an exact 10. I never assume a shoe in any size is automatically going to fit my foot.  This is especially true with soccer boots when I want the best fit possible.  Since very few brick and mortar stores carry top of the line boots and you can't try a pair on before purchasing them, I hope the size I chose fits but realize I may have to exchange them. It isn't a reason to give them a lesser rating.  Rate the shoes by the quality, durability, comfort and playability after you get the best size for you.
B0009QGPPO exact fit, heal backing is not fabric I rip out the back heal of athletic shoes that hare all fabric.The Puma King's have leather (or its synthetic cousin) backing on the heal cup, so I don't need to worry about the rip out.The shoe is comfortable on hard surface.  I purchased my exact size, and they fit perfect.  However, there is no room for an insert, not that I need it for these.
B000FPLEOG Great shoe! I'm not a very athletic person and just wanted an easy sneaker I could slip on and off with no laces involved. This shoe fit the bill perfectly and I have been extremely satisfied with them. I've gotten many compliments from men and women alike on my shoes.They look pretty unusual at first, but they're a stylish, comfortable and casual pair of shoes that you can't go wrong with.
B000FVZ1YE I'm flattered, but these are too big I'm blushing that Puma thought I could fit into these.  Size is usually a personal matter, but in this case I just can't fit their lofty expectations.  I don't know if it was just this item, I've had pretty good luck with Puma attire before, but I measured it against other mediums I have and it's about 1 1/2&#34; larger than other mediums.  I didn't try them on, I had to send them back, but the moment I opened them, I could tell they were way too big.
B000K2KAB2 Love I love puma products so this sites was just an addition to my collection. Not much of an arch, but extremely comfortable and flat. I wore this shoes out until I couldn't wear them anymore. wear them with any attire love love them
B000K7EIME Love these! I love these shoes! They are so cute and comfy...great for home and work. I work 9+ hrs a day and these have great arch support. I did however, order a size larger than I normally wear because with past experience, pumas run small. Great shoe though!
B000L1DEWO Much thinner than I expected The socks are very thin and don't offer the support I was expecting compared to the other Puma socks I own. They are fine for weight lifting but not long distance running.
B000NGUC4K Too Tight The shoes were shipped on time, but they didn't fit. It's hard to buy shoes that fit when you can't try them on first.
B000OR2EEE So far, so good I've been running with this shoes for a few weeks now and have to say I'm very pleased with them.  They fit very well and provide good support.  Some people would probably find the support too stiff, but I like it. I'll try to update this review after I've been running with these shoes for a couple of months to see how they hold up.The lacing eyelets are weird though and taken some getting used to.  The laces do not go up the center of the shoe, they are off center for whatever reason.  Like I said, weird, but it doesn't take away anything from the shoe.
B000PW7W7W Good buy this buy was a gift, great response, fit as expected, i personally find it some how simple, but the owner love it...fast shipping,
B000R4XHRC Perfect Fit Very good product. Fit true to size. If you like Puma sneakers this is the one to get. Excellent packaging and delivery. Highly recommended. Thanks
B000R4XHRC Nice and comfy! Love the shoes, they fit perfectly and looks great, they're so cute.  They were exactly as I expected them to be!
B000R4XHRC cool shoes Love the style and color of the shoe. They are a slim fit and I habe a wide foot but after a few wears they fit great and the price I got them for on sale I camt complain and I got them In lile 3 or 4 days
B000R4XHRC Puma GV Sneaker I was very pleased with my shoes. They are stylist and cool. They fit good I look forward to wearing them.\
B000R4XHRC Nice look Came as expected and look good in a retro style that I had been looking for. Very happy with the shoes,
B000R4XHRC Tight from sides Its tight from the sides need to be little bit wider and has some thing in side the right shoe bother
B000R4XHRC Great Fit!!!! The Kicks fit perfect.  I would recommend them to anyone who is into retro style puma's.  Thanks a million.  Shipping was great as well.  I'm currently stationed in Bahrain.V/RSaint
B000R4XHRC Sneaker heads, must have. Shoe is well made. Fit perfectly and I love the color combinations.  Would definitely recommend . Puma is one of my favorite sneakers.
B000R4XHRC Love them I was shocked to realize that these fit true to size after reading a few mixed reviews. I have skinny feet and wears a 11.5, and they were a tad bit snug, but weren't tight. The only problem is that if you have fat/wider feet, I would probably go a size up just to be secure. They are comfortable, has a great colorway, an looks good with both jeans and shorts.
B000R4XHRC shoe they're comfortable to wear and they're the right size and fit. I'm glad they had the shoes in stock I will recommend
B000RI4NGM Awesome shoes, if they fit you right! These shoes are basically Puma's most recognizable and popular model and they are awesome. The price is a little high but the construction of the shoe is excellent so you aren't getting ripped off. I've had mine for about two years and the only problem is the white strips on the side are permanently dirty. I'd recommend getting some Kiwi shoe spray to protect these from water or snow. They are not ideal for winter because road salts leave white stains all over the suede (although the stains do wash out). Now, referring to the title, these shoes must fit you right or else they will be uncomfortable. They are rather narrow which isn't a problem for me but some people have wider feet. Also, these are actually driving/racing shoes so they have a thin sole and very little arch support so they are very ideal for pushing pedals in a car. If you require a lot of arch support then you definitely don't want these. Where I work, I'm on my feet for eight hours of the day and by the end of the day in these shoes, my feet kind of hurt. They don't make good athletic shoes either because the bottoms of the shoes don't have good grip for sports. They are awesome for casual wear though and some of the most stylish shoes around.
B000VRGOCA Excellent boot with sneaker comfort. Very happy with this purchase. The only down-side is lack of arch support, orthotics fix that. Wish PUMA would bring them back in more colors.
B000W0F10C terrific shoes These are terrific shoes--comfortable and beautiful. I wear them with dressy black pants when I want to look elegant, but be able to walk and stand for hours. They look like "gloves for your feet" as my husband says.They aren't true slip-ons; you need a shoe-horn to put on. But, they fit perfectly and don't rub.
B0014CR3A8 I was looking for a simple walking/jogging shoe. I did not find these comfortable at all. The shoes did not fit well, were not overly comfortable, and did not provide much cushioning when walking/jogging. I would not purchase again.
B0014DWEEC It looks pretty good. This jacket could definitely look a lot better if there was the logo of puma in the back and personally for me if they had an XS. The color is great, and the part of the jacket that lays on your wrists are very comfortable. Just the fitting doesn't seem to fit nice and tight.
B00166RR3K Great shoes Comfortable and good fit. These shows do not have much support so do not get them as an exercise equipment - more of a casual shoe.
B001AHE1J8 decent fit, not as good quality as expected Shoes look and feel good in your hands. Fit abit tight or ackward, did not hold up as expected for the price.
B001B4ZZ5O Tight fit Beautiful looking shoe but the tongue is extra thick creating a very tight fit.I'm hoping after wear,they will feel more comfortable.
B001B50WOM comfort are very comfortable walking shoe this model I have flat feet and the shoes fit perfectly with the way I walked and did not cause pain in the feet
B001B516CE Nice fit I had to buy a couple of pairs of shoes online since I had no access to the stores and so I followed the advice from other buyers and got a slightly larger fit.  I knew Puma's fit snug anyway so wasn't surprise.  Now that I have wore them several times, they've stretched a little and fit very well.
B001B516CE Hard to find in Coffee/Java I have owned many pairs of Puma's and they are a consistently good shoe. They are lightweight, protective and they look good. I usually have had to settle for them in black, but luckily they had them in my desired color and several others here on Amazon. The shoes fit like any other Puma, and they arrived right at my door. Very satisfied.
B001B516CE Great looking shoes and so comfy Even though these are men's shoes, I bought it for myself (girl).  They are great fit and the suede on the outside are really nice. Very comfortable too.
B001B516CE Long Walks I wore these on a trip to France. They looked tremendous, but were very painful after days of walking. They also have very little arch support. Other than those downfalls, this is a  great product
B001B51W64 Nice fit. Very comfortable. Uniquely designed to not slip on your foot, you could actually wear these shoes without laces if so desired.
B001B51W64 Great Shoe I have two pairs of these shoes.  They are so comfortable.  They fit snug without lacing them up and super light.
B001B51W64 Love Man I love these shoes super light weight cool on your feet lets them breath and overall good looking shoes
B001B51W64 Casual Skipper This is a nice looking shoe, not made for serious running though. But it does nicely as a weekender type shoe that may fit well in pop culture attire; flared jeans and a blazer. I find it a bit snug around the heel and there's not alot of arch support.
B001B52SDK Sick shoe! These shoes are awesome!  The look is just great, I have gotten numerous compliments on them.  I am also a crossfitter so have used these for both heavy strength training and metcon workouts with running and lifting.  The flat sole is good for lifting technique and has good cushion overall, not crazy but enough and has a great fit to it.  Only thing I would recommend is scotch guard the white areas cause they get dirty fast on the toe.  Awesome otherwise, and I will probably by another pair when these start to wear out but doing great so far with regular wearing and workouts.
B001B52UFG PUMA SHOES These shoes are totally flat, they lack arch. I guess most PUMA's lack arch, but these are just flat. Not recommended for people who want comfortable shoes. They are nice, but not comfortable.
B001B52YSO Tight Fitting Sneaker I got a pair of these Puma Roma sneakers in black and outwardly they look great. However, even though I've worn size 9 1/2 for many years these shoes were uncomfortably tight. The left shoe rubbed my ankle raw and the right pressed my toes. After a whole day out (I'm stubborn I guess) they felt a little better but still a bit uncomfortable. I would get the next half size up to be safe.
B001B55JMC Great fit Nice looking shoes that fit as expected. The price was pretty reasonable and they look good with pretty much every outfit
B001B55JMC Great looking shoes The first pair I got was my normal size an 8.  When I got them they were tight so I sent them back for an 8.5 and they were fine.  They are comfortable and I get lots of compliments on them when I wear them.
B001B57ZN8 fabulous shoes! I was looking for a cute Spring shoe that is a comfortable alternative to sneakers and flip flops, and these shoes hit the spot. I love Pumas for their style and quality and these fit that bill, as I expected. What I wasn't expecting was for them to be so comfortable. I LOVE them so much that when I did the initial "try on" in my living room, I never took them off. They stayed on for hours as I hung out at home. I have weird feet; they are narrow at the heel and wide at the front. I have a hard time finding shoes to fit wide feet that aren't orthopedic-looking. These fit! They are comfy! Get them, get them, get them!
B001B57ZN8 I love these shoes! I was not so sure when these shoes arrived, I did not even remember why I had ordered shoes that were partially green (they are silver, with bud green trim) but then I put them on and fell in love. the green looks fine, the metallic silver is gorgeous and they fit perfectly, with comfort right out of the box (rare for me). I am so happy with these wonderful shoes that I am scouring the web for another color combination to buy. Incidently, they may run a little big, the size 8 fits me fine and I am often a 8.5. Another thing, ignore the word "sneaker" in the name, they are ballarina flats & look nothing like sneakers, they just have great sneaker comfort and tread.
B001CHCQBQ est shoes ever coolest shoes ever i work in a shoe shop and i recomend thes shoes anyday the arch support is incredible and stylish to wear.
B001CHCT4U great! great deal, love this shoes, there are very comfortable and fit as expected. My son can use them all day long!
B001CHCTMC Great Shoes I love these shoes. At first I was a little unsure because I was not used to the fit. I gave them a chance. It seems as they needed to form to my foot. Now I absolutely love them and can wear them for an extended period of time (12+ hrs) without foot or back pain. It feels like I am wearing thick socks with soles. I did not go a size bigger and the fit was nice and comfortable. They are perfect!
B001CHCTMC Finally found my perfect pair of Pumas! After trying the Etoile and the Repli Cat I finally found some Pumas that are comfortable and low profile enough to wear with skinny jeans.  The Etoile had a weird hump in the middle of it rather than just an arch where there should be one and the Repli Cat was just flat with no padding for the ball of the foot, both were quite uncomfortable.  This shoe, however, has a removable insole which the others don't.  Key word is removable though, since it's paper thin and not good for being on your feet for long periods.  I'll be replacing the insoles but other than that, nice shoe.
B001CHCTMC Love them! Love these shoes. So comfortable and light. A little tight on the toes on one foot but ordering a 1/2 size up would have made them too big.
B001CHEOW0 Great Casual Shoe! This sho is sleek and sharp I purchased the all white shoes and i have got nothing but great responses and a great looking style. These shoes go with any outfit and fit perfect buy them!
B001CHEPW4 Better than I expected The last pair of PUMA's I owned was about 30 years ago. At the time, they seemed cheap and I didn't like them.Fast forward to today and I like the way PUMA's look. I've been wanting these for a while and found them on sale recently. I'm glad I did.I haven't the slightest idea how well these will wear, but I strongly disagree with those who say that they're uncomfortable. Believe me when I say that, because I'm all about comfort and I know how hard it can be to find comfortable shoes, that are still affordable, today. They're not a running shoe with a squishy sole, but they're still one of the more comfortable pairs of shoes that I own. The sole has far more cushion than a pair of Adidas Sambas I own, which I find extremely uncomfortable.Of course they look nice too, but I'll wrap this up by describing the fit. They probably do run slightly narrow and short, but I think some of the reviews exaggerate how much. They're bigger than many shoes I own, including my Sambas. In fact, I'm between sizes and have no problem with the smaller size. The arch support doesn't seem like much, but it's more than adequate, because they're so comfortable. The cushioned soles do their part in the comfort of the shoe, too.Overall, I'm very happy with this shoe and will probably be buying more pairs in the future.
B001CHER90 perfectly fit shoes The shoes came right on time and earlier then expected. I tryed the shoes on and they fit perfectly, the size was just right, and they look clean. There just like the ones on amazon. I would recommend theses shoes, there really great.
B001CHER90 Less than expected Insoles are Too flat and slightly tight around the toes! I Would suggest going up a half size. Great color though!
B001CHER90 good purchase these shoes are great, they are really comfortable and they fit excellent. also i really like the design, simple and not too flashy.
B001CHER90 Great shoes! My brother loved these, they fit perfect! He says they are ver comfortable and he thinks he looks cool with the white and felon orange!
B001CHF4GK Not a good fit Tried a similar shoe on in the store but found this one a whole lot cheaper online.  Not the same fit!  Cute but very uncomfortable.
B001CHG1YY Best shoe ever I love these shoes...had them many years. They always fit as expected and they are very comfortable. So those reviewers who say they are too small or too large don't really know their foot size
B001CHG1YY beautiful, but no support. beautiful shoes, but like Converse All stars, no arch support or comfort. Feels like you are walking on cememnt. might be great for your kids or teens who aren't too heavy, but my knees and feet hurt.
B001CHG1YY Can't go wrong with these great shoes. Fit perfectly and look great.  Always get lots of compliments.  I would definitely buy these shoes -any Puma suedes- again without hesitation.
B001CHG1YY OUTER LOOKS INNER NONE LOOKS GREAT ,, BUT DONT EXPECT GREAT COMFORT ,,,NO ARCH OR  HEEL COMFORT ,, PRETTY FLAT INSIDE , NO REAL SUPPORT AT ALL
B001CHG1YY What I expected. The size is a little larger than I am used to, but the shoe is top notch. The suede upper is much better than the canvas or nubuck that's used in a lot of the newer pumas.
B001CHG1YY THE BEST DESIGNED CLASSIC SNEAKER OF ALL! The Puma Suede Classic is about the best look sneaker of all when compared with all of the other popular classic sneakers, like Converse Chuck Taylors, and classic Vans, both of which are all canvas, but still cost about the same or more than these all suede Pumas ?, and you can do a search on this for yourself. I have had them all, but the design of this shoe is head and shoulders above any of them including Nike and Addidas! They feel good right out of the box, but feel great with after market insoles, I normally add insoles to all of my flat sole shoes for extra arch support and cushioning, but for these you dont really need them, and as for the sizing they are accurate to the size I normally wear, and by the way these shoes look waaay better in person. You will need to know how to maintain your suede shoes, but for anyone who takes care of their kicks this should be easy. YOU WILL LOOK AWESOME ROCK'N A PAIR OF THESE PUMAS!
B001CHG1YY Puma Suede Classic Awesome shoes,fit perfectly. I definitely am going to order another pair so i have a back up for when i wear these out .
B001CHG1YY Great Shoes, Great Price I have never been a fan of these style of shoes, but have heard they are comfortable so gave them a shot.  I have to say, these are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  You won't be dissapointed in your purchase if you decide with this item.Updated:  Won't change the rating because the shoe quality wasn't the problem.  I normally wear a size 12 in most shoes, but this one was a little tight and I know if I would have kept them, I would form blisters.  Had to return them.
B001CHG1YY Fantastic Shoes! They are NOT wide shoes, but to be expected with these kind of shoes, however for people with small or smallish feet they are excellent
B001CHG1YY suede shoes They fit just right I love so much o told all my friends and family about them and their getting .
B001CHG1YY Nice looking sneaker and a good value! I love the colors and Puma tends to fit me better than other makers. The price for this style is very attractive.
B001CHG1YY nice fit! it arrived earlier than expected. only one thing though... i was expecting the side design on the side will be white same as the picture but mine was grey-ish. but its not a problem still love my shoes.
B001CHG1YY Not the Pumas of old... Nice looking shoe but not the Pumas of old.  Very flat with very little cushion and support.  Average which is sad.
B001CHG1YY Three Stars SUPPORT NOT GREATEST
B001CHG1YY Enjoy them Love the feel of them. This come with two sets of shoe strings  which I like too to fit my mood
B001CHG1YY Puma Generation Growing up wearing Puma sneakers back in the mid 80's, I highly recommend this classic sneaker for anybody who appreciate style and comfort. Great shoe!!
B001CHG1YY fit great. Puma is one of the few brands of ... Received on time..fit great. Puma is one of the few brands of sneakers left that still look great while staying affordable.
B001CHG1YY Good shoes They just fit like a 10 instead of a 9.5 it's happened before. Some shoes just it a little bigger depending on the style
B001CHG1YY Fit as it looks It was just what I wanted fit comfortableyes indeed I am going to order a next pairand I will recommend to my friends
B001CHG1YY Let's go back to the 90's I love these shoes. I wore them all the time in High School and these shoes are like a time warp back to those days. Fit great, look great, and the updated colors really are all that really need to be updated with these shoes.
B001CHG1YY Looks alright, but VERY uncomfortable I picked these up as an Amazon lighting deal to replace an old pair of adidas suede sneakers that I've had for a couple years. The shoes look nice, and comes with two sets of laces (one black, one white) and the texture is nice as well. That's where the positives end. The inside of the shoe is VERY cheap. The shoepad is paper-thin and doesn't offer any padding to your feet at all, making the arch support painful. The front of the shoe is very tight for D width - and I have average feet and typically never have issues with other sneakers.The closest comparison of comfort for these would probably be the chuck taylors. In short, buy these if you like the look. Don't buy them if you want to walk comfortably in them.
B001CHG1YY Looks Great Feels Great! I love the way these look and couldnt find anything else and thankfully they fit really nice! I Highly Recommend!
B001CHG1YY great shoes! just what i wanted! i love the black on black look of these and they fit great! a little light weight for cooler temps but a great summer shoe
B001CHG1YY love the shoes! Bought these for my husband and he loved them!  Fit well and look soo nice:)Very satisfied!! Love the shoes!
B001CHG1YY Comfortable Casual Shoes The Puma suedes are a classic look - not  much support for athletics, but comfortable and good looking casual shoes.
B001CHG1YY Great sneakers! Great sneakers, made with quality they fit great. I put insoles in them and they are fantastic, great for a casual look.
B001CHG1YY Great look and fit! Perfect fit! The shoe is so comfortable and it looks exactly like it does in the picture. Highly recommend it!
B001CHG1YY Puma suede classic shoe My grandson loves these tennis they fit comfortable I rated the shoe because he's always satisfied with the fit will continue to purchase puma classics thank you
B001CHG1YY Very nice shoes I really like these shoes, they fit as expected, and are very comfortable. Love the design and the suede seems to be of a good quality.  The only complain about this purchase is that the color in the pictures is not accurate, the shoes are a little bit lighter.
B001CHG1YY lovin the shoes Love the shoes.  They fit prefect. There very comfy to wear. they look good with my jeans. Going to continue buying them.
B001CHG1YY Retro shoes These are like the shoes from way back when I was young. Good fit, soft suede and great colors. What more could anyone want.
B001CHG1YY My new fave shoe... I bought these because I couldn't find my favorite Speedcats anywhere (are they discontinued?) - I also bought some Ecco sneakers at the same time and have to admit when trying on one of each shoe they Ecco shoes are way more comfortable support-wise BUT for what these are (I mean, I'm not running a marathon here) they're perfect.  Love the colour (hard to find women's sneakers that don't have pink or purple on them) and how they look.  Size felt accurate.
B001CHG1YY Perfect Fit These PUMA Shoes are excellent and the fit is definitely fine and thin (The fit feels more like Vans, and the shoes look more like Adidas Gazelles), allowing more precision and swiftness during movement. These fresh shoes not only come with the colored laces you see in the image, but with a wider white lace if you like those better. If you're looking to dance, these comfortable shoes are more flat footed, meaning that they don't have a lump causing pain on your foot arch like the Adidas Campus II does, however if you're looking for good grip and friction, Vans are a better option; they have one of the best shoe grips I've ever worn. 5 out of 5!
B001CHG1YY Great shoes Toes are a little too roomy but these were a great fit otherwise!! (Caveat: Female wearing men's shoes) cute color
B001CHG1YY Comfortable & Good Value Fit as expected. It is a comfortable every day shoe for a really low price. Not much else to say.
B001CHG1YY Great deal The shoes were great. They were as described. The size fit just perfect. The price was the best part of the transaction.
B001CHG1YY Great buy, very comfortable The shoes fit well, they are good looking and comfortable. Wearing them daily, haven't found anything I don't like. Puma is a great brand.
B001CHG1YY Puma Classic Suede Sneakers Sneakers brought me back to my childhood. Had to try these sneakers again due to it's good looks. Sneakers fit perfectly and were extremely comfortable. Glad that I bought them. Sneakers felt as comfy as when I had them as a kid.
B001CHG1YY Love it Great I got what I was waiting for and I love it like the shoes got them on time and they fit perfect
B001CHG1YY Fit like a glove First time trying these shoes since the early 70's and Clyde the Guide so what goes around comes around.  I have a wide foot and was only slightly worried these may run tight but several commented that they stretched out in short order.  To my pleasant surprise they fit like a glove right out of the box and I can't wait to show them off to my brother when I visit soon.  I think my nephew will be most impressed.
B001CHG1YY A Beautiful sneaker I was going to use black laces and wear these shoes to formal occasions.  They were just too tight for my feet.
B001CHG1YY Nice comfortable shoes! I have always been a Puma fan and these are as nice as the rest. Fit great and comfortable. Also very good looking shoes.
B001CHG1YY Shoes are cool and reasonably priced Cool like lemonade.  Could use more arch support, but such is life.  They may be hard to keep clean, but just a price you pay to wear grey.
B001CHG1YY Classic cool sneaker Classic cool design.  Quality sneaker.  Comfortable for casual wear and durable enough for most athletic activities.  Fit exactly as expected.
B001CHG1YY Five Stars Great fit!
B001CHG1YY I love them. Good fit and comfortable. I have three pair. Good fit and comfortable! Colors are awesome. I have three pairs of these shoes in different colors. I would recommend these to my friends.
B001CHG1YY Puma suede classic Very uncomfortable. Could only wear twice. Stiff and no support.would not recommend these shoes. Puma Clyde is a much better shoe
B001CHG1YY Great classic shoe, cool colors, better cushioning but still lacks arch support. The shoe fits well, unfortunately it took two tries, as the last pair I ordered in a 9.5 in a different color are a touch too small. I like that there is better cushioning in these shoes versus a couple of the original Clyde's I own. However, they are still lacking in arch support, which is why this will never be a heavy use sneaker for me. Bummer.
B001CHG1YY Good shoes Nice fit and a good look. Just the kinda shoe I was looking for and exactly what I would have expected from Puma.
B001CX2R5A Very comfortable Great workout pants or warm ups.  They fit great and are not tight or very baggy at the same time.
B001E1EJ1U Puma sneaker I Bought the shoes for my 6 y/o daughter for the school. She love it and fit as expected, very comfortable and nice looking.I would recommended to others
B001E1EJ1U Nice Shoe They look great on my son feet!! He loves them also. They fit true to size and are light weight.
B001E1EJ1U Looking good These sneakers are very comfortable for my daughter. She enjoys wearing them, running and jumping. They fit as expected. Good purchase with a reasonable price. However, they are not made of leather, just a tiny part.
B001FA1RGU Best Baby Shoes Ever I order these shoes because I could not find shoes to fit my daughters tiny little feet.  The shoes are terrific and I plan to buy her to next size up soon.  I would recommend these shoes over all others.  A terrific buy.
B001FZPOY6 Super Shoes! These shoes are absolutely incredible. The comfort and support may be the best I ever had. I am a collector of athletic shoes, so take my word for it, you can't go wrong with this pair of Pumas. The fit is also perfect.
B001H0EXB4 good looking. no arch support. doesnt breathe nice looking sneaker.  fits snug. no vents.  no arch support.  my feet hurt after walking two miles in thess shoes.  now trying to "adapt" with inserts.  we'll see.  for 65 dollars - i'm a little disappointed.
B001H0EZMQ Comfortable and stylish hiking shoes I wore these shoes for the first time last week hiking in the Malibu mountains.  I'm just getting into hiking and my old running shoes just weren't cutting it.  I also have very sensitive skin and am prone to blisters.  But after hours of intense hiking, my feet were so comfortable with zero irritation.  They have the perfect amount of support.  Great traction too!  The trail was rocky and uphill and downhill and I didn't slip once.  Plus they are adorable.  They are amazing for beginner and advanced hikers.  Hiking can be hard enough without having to worry about your shoes.
B001H0EZMQ best shoes I EVER had Being a "deal shopper," I decided to finally break down and pay for some good Puma shoes and got these exact ones a few years ago. I have now worn the tread almost all the way off of them. They have been my favorite shoes EVER. They fit to the foot like a glove, and are great for the over-pronator like myself. They balanced out my back- keeping me out of the chiropractor's office so much! Can't say enough good about them. They are hard to find now, so I suggest if you wear this size, you BUY THEM!!!!
B001H0F42Q Stylish looking but does not fit as well The shoes is very stylish looking, but it does not fit as well. I am going to wear it more frequent, and hopefully, it will will stretch out more, and fit better. Overall, it is as stylish as the photo shows it.
B001H0F6QU Puma Old School This shoes are great! Personally I purchased the black style of the Puma Women's GV Love Sneaker. I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes due to the patent-like style of the front. The shoes look great and I expect them to last for a couple years.Just an FYI, there are no arch supports in these shoes. If you have a high arch like myself, I would encourage you to place arch supports in the shoe. These shoes are not so good in the cold. There are many air vents in the front of the shoe, which are great when your feet are warm, but it is a noticeable chill in the cold.
B001H0F93K Cute, but that is it. These shoes are so cute, they look great.  I bought the black/silver/aqua color combo.  But cute is where it ends.  I've had them for a month, and they're pretty uncomfortable.  I think flip-flops provide as much support.  I wanted to wear them for mild athletic activities, like walking a couple miles.  Ouch!  They're cute for if you're just going out casual, but that is all.  My 4 y.o. pumas are much better for softball or anything else athletic.
B001H0FGMY Puma sneaker are great!!!! Bought these sneakers not knowing how they would be and I like them very much.
B001H0FJIU Like a glove I bought these shows online after not wearing Puma's for almost 20 years.  At first, it was a familiar fit...TIGHT.  But after a few days of breaking them in, the soft leather relaxed and now they fit like a glove.  I love my shoes and get compliments on them often.  Can't go wrong with Classic black and white Pumas.
B001H0FKG6 Elegant Yet Comfortable The title is a quote from my girlfriend, whom I bought it for.  These fit like ballet shoes and yet are stylish enough for an evening out.
B001H0FQLK Stylish low profile kicks! I love these sneakers!  I wear a size 10 and have normal to semi wide feet, and these fit perfectly.  I love the colors and the design.  The sneaker is very low profile and very light weight.  There is not much cushion support but I use these for casual wear (I would not recommend these for running/training).  Note that most of the shoe is made of a leather type material and mesh, but the heel is a vinyl type material (a little glossy).
B001H0G0J2 Cute Shoes! These shoes are very cute. No arch support so I would suggest inserts. Definitely not a shoe to work out in but good for every day wear.
B001H313C8 Sweet Shoes!! These shoes are so cool! They fit perfect and are lightweight. I have recieved a ton of compliments on them and can't take them off.
B001HX37RC Puma Kick Messenger I love this bag. It's big enough to fit all of your school supplies from notebooks, books, and even your laptop.
B001HX3844 Classic, simple gym bag Perfect for me--a pocket on the inside and outside, and a good size.  Perhaps a little bigger may be better.  I like the clean design, it's a bag I can use for years.  I can fit inside one set of work out clothes, a pair of running shoes, and a bottle of water with a little room to spare.  Tucking a jacket inside makes for a tight fit.
B001NXBTBM Cute shirt Very comfortable fit, looks great, fit's great. She loves wearing it. I love the neck cut.
B001OOMNDI PUMA Cabana Racer sneaker The shoes are great.  The fit is nice and they are exactly what I expected to get.
B001OOMNDI Stylish but not comfortable These shoes look good, but I find they don't have good support and don't breathe well. My feet get very hot while wearing them. Not great for lots of walking or wearing all day.
B001OOMNDI Good casual sneaker This is an overall fun, comfortable casual sneaker.  I have narrow feet and I have a hard time finding sneakers that are not too wide, but these fit well.  There is little arch support, but they lace up well so they don't slip when I walk.  One thing I notice is that the material on the toe is a bit stiff and it creases when I walk, but maybe this will soften up with time.  Be warned, the suede color looks gray in the picture, but it is actually a light sea green.
B001OOMNSI Love it! I bought those shoes and are exactly what I like!! perfect fit, support also. The color is nice. The size also fit perfect and exactly. No doubt to buy it!!
B001OOMT3M Somewhat tight Really cute sneakers, but they fit a bit tight on my feet and I ordered my normal size. I have to loosen up the velcro. These sneakers are more for fashion rather than working out or jogging.
B001OOMYDM Sunday shoes for dad. Comfortable, fit just fine. Can wear them with anything. Help the feet rest...That's what he has to say about them.
B001OOMZNQ Puma is unmatched There are many words you can say about such an excellent shoe, it is better to try, I recommend it with my eyes closed.Comfort, beautiful design, excellent fit, and color is unmatched.
B001QDEV1E great pants! I bought these because I wanted a longer fit.  The addidas pants look a little "high water" on me.These fit great!  Shipping was super fast! Price was cheaper than local sporting goods store. Comfortable, warm, and great fit!I like the Tricot better than the Agile because the side stripe is narrower.
B001QXC89G Loose fit Nice shirt but cut to fit looser than I like my shirts.Nicely made with an attractive design.Buying clothes over the Internet is tricky, no way to fit before you buy.
B001R4C5PG Expected more Cute but doesn't look as nice after the first wash. Expected better material from Puma brand.
B001RJNSLG Love it! Great T. Close fit, not baggy.  very soft.  like the slightly faded look. Big fan!
B001VH6XPW puma shoes fan !! Great sneakers, very comfortable either for running or just walking, easy to clean, u cant go worng with puma sneakers!!
B001VH71SA PUMA for the teenager The teenage boy loves the shoes. He only wants Pumas and these came on time and fit the bill.
B001VH7F5E Puma kitty delivers once more I love Puma.  I want to own everything they make.  I like that these running shoes are not too bulky, and the color combination is very nice with a little bit of pink and silver.  I bought half a size bigger than I normally wear because of the great sale price, but I just lace them a bit tighter and they fit fine.
B001VH7FA4 Pretty good I bought the shoes last month or so.  I was cautious since i bought them online and it is a trick for me getting shoes that fit.They have a really neat fit and they're really comfortable.  Honestly, i had to break them in a bit, but they good.They are much more comfortable than the shoes i use to work in and i would recommend them.  The other nurses want to take them from me  lol
B001VH7JZU Comfortable + unique look The sneaker fit perfectly at my normal size.  It feels comfortable and is an eye catcher with a lot of people asking where I got the sneaker.  It is a keeper.
B001VH7NQ0 the're pumas of course they're good! these shoes are very nice and form fit your feet very well, although if you have wide feet these are not for you. they are very simmilar to wearing soccer cleats. they weigh half as much as my skate shoes but are very stiff, which all pumas are, until you break them in. they also take getting use to around the heel and ankle.
B001VH7Q5S slim profile casual wear Fast shipping and when I tried them on they fit great. I figured I could add to the other review on fitting. I find the shoe narrow- which it is what I like.First time ordering shoes online after not finding what I want in stores.I would highly recommend black/black for fashionable casual wear above the standard skate shoe.
B001VH7RWA Great arch support I bought these at DSW and knew I would be buying them the second I put them on because they actually have an arch support unlike most shoes and feel perfect. They can't be slipped on without untying them first and the laces are prone to coming undone but considering how great they feel, its not that big of a drawback.
B001VH7RWA great shoes I found these shoes at an outlet store and the color (dark brown) was just what I was looking for.  They are very lightweight so you don't feel like you are wearing a very heavy sneaker for just running around.  But the best thing about them is the arch support.  I usually try to buy something where I can remove the liner and put in my orthotics.  The liner cannot be removed in these but that is ok because they have a great support, probably better than with my orthotics.  My feet are not tired and definitely not sore after a day of running around.  The only thing if I had to complain is the laces.  They are a silky kind of nylon and I find they keep needing to be retied throughout the day.  Will probably replace the laces.
B001VH7ZL8 overall fit My son loves this shoe, except it seems to be a little tight over the in-step?
B001VH81PM Really Cute but little support! These sneakers are really cute but they definitely run about a half size smaller - at least for me.  The one problem is they don't have much support so if you are looking for support these are not the best sneakers. I would say these are great for walking around/hanging out but not for any serious walking/running (which is why they are called the Street sneaker, I assume).
B001VH85RQ Comfortable, stylish just not great support for long days These shoes, like any casual shoe, does not give great support. I love the style and the look. They have mild arches unlike other puma styles so that is why I like these so much. I wear them all the time and have just put thin insole inside the shoe for extra support.
B001VH86U2 Great fit and style These shoes are some of the nicest looking I've ever owned - sleek appearance and smooth.  The fit is just right now that they are broken in.  They look cool with jeans or cords and have become one of my favorites.
B001VKXHP8 great 4 high impact! I work out a lot and am rough on my feet. I am currently doing the Insanity workout which is VERY high impact. My feet have been hurting in the shoes I was using. However I just bought the Voltaic 2's and my workouts have been SO much better. My feet never hurt and feel so cushioned at every pressure point. I LOVE them! Also, I had heard PUMA's ran small but I purchased them in my normal size and they fit perfectly. I would definitely recommend these shoes.
B001VKXHP8 Best Workout Shoes I've Owned These shoes are great. On top of being really good looking, they also feel really good and have a lot of support and cushion. The tongue of the shoe is connected to the inner sides of it so it might be a little hard to get your foot in but I personally don't have any problem with this. I love these and will be ordering another pair as soon as I find a great deal again!
B001VKXHP8 PUMA Women's Voltaic II Sneaker,Dark Shadow/Silver This shoes are just awesome! Every body likes them and they are super comfortable. They are not too wide so if you have big feet these shoes may not be for you. I have used them for work, school or just to be home and they are the best. I really recommend these shoes.
B001VKXJ6U Great shoes! I always get compliments when I wear these shoes. Not only are they stylish, but super comfortable too. Perfect if you have wide calves since you can adjust the fit with the laces. Loooove!
B001VKXWW6 Sweet for the price Needed white casual / tennis shoes - with my tall build, "basketball" shoes work best.  These are BRIGHT white, folks, with light silver detailing.  Because of fit, will rarely buy shoes online - but had to at least try these...for the price: with free ship and NO tax, easily saved about 30 bucks over what I'd pay retail here....when they're on sale.  Didn't matter about the maker; except for New Balance, they're all made in Asia.  The padding inside (a BIG worry) was suprisingly substantial - especially near the ankle area.  They seem to get more comfortable with each wearing.  The ONLY negative was the length of the laces: they are NOT long enough to actually loop through the eyes and secure up top with a knot with ease.  (NO prob for me - wear them untied and they are mos def secure enough that way - and, as stated in lace length, the ends of the laces are only about 2-3" outward (so they won't be dragging on the ground)).
B001VKXX20 Tight Fitting and Easily Scuffed If you are going to get these shoes I do not suggest going with black, as they tend to scuff fairly easily. Even the white one's scuff. As for fitting, they run pretty small. If you don't like tight fitting shoes I'd suggest you order a size up. Overall, when I ran in them I had no issues and found they offered great support. In my opinion these shoes are great for long distance running. If you're a sprinter I do not suggest these shoes, I tried sprinting in them and felt slow and a tad bit awkward. I gave these three stars because performance wise they are okay, the price is a little too much for what you get, and they get dirty and scuffed really fast.
B0020IT25E Fun alternative to sneakers These shoes are true to size and very comfortable.  I liked my old canvas ones better, but these are nice as well.  I had to stretch the top of one of the shoes with a tennis ball, as it was cutting into the top my foot, but it is fine now.  I get a lot of compliments on them when I wear them with my workout or casual clothes.
B0023B26V0 huge fit...but so cute kept for a yr THESE FIT ABOUT 2 SIZES TOO BIG..however super cute. My daughter loves them. Kept them for her to grow into.
B002C4JW06 Most Comfortable Sneakers I have no complains about these shoes - great fit and comfort. They seems flexible and very lightweight. I would definitely recommend them for my friends. Hurry while the sale prices last!
B002C4JY0Y Very cute but not enough support. I don't like the look of bulky sneakers and I don't want to wear dressy shoes all the time.  These shoes look great and they are light. The downside: not much support. They should not be considered sneakers. I do get a lot of complements on the sneakers, I love the blue color.I bought another pair of puma's and they had more support, but they wear out fast. Get these if you care more about looks than comfort:)
B002C4JY0Y fit feet The Puma Alsten Dapper sneaker is the perfect shoe for my  CrossFit workouts. It is very comfortable and gives good support. I ordered a half size larger than usual and that worked. No blisters or other foot irritations from this sneaker.Amazon sent these shoes quickly and at the best price. From start to finish, this was a very good transaction.
B002C4KANY Best Shoes Ever!!!!! I recieved my shoes today(the carcoal/grey ones).Great supplier, super fast delivery see that i was a customer thats item had to be shiped internasionally and to top it all off im very satisfied with my shoes. It has a comftable fit & a nice cusiony inside.Defnatily recommend  you to buy these shoes:-)
B002C4KCUA A little toooo snug Every Puma shoe I've purchased in the years past has always been a 9.5, but with this one, it is EXTREMELY SNUG FITTING! even loosening the laces twice, after a day of wearing, my feet hurt from being squeezed so tight... They are great looking shoes and are great for driving, but, I suggest you buy this style in a half size larger, just so they are comfortable and don't constrict your blood flow.
B002CVVAGS Nice Sneakers not comfortable these are really nice sneakers, great design. the front part of the shoe is very stuffy. the padding in too much on the inside and makes hard for your feet to breathe
B002ECFBUQ for looks not athletics I bought these to wear with jeans not to run with, they are not athletic shoes and aren't support enough to be exercising in, but are comfy and look really great
B002ECFBUQ Flat feet These are GREAT looking shoes!  I'm use to wearing Nike.  These really need some more support for us flat footed people.  I mean there is zero arch support!  I have to go to CVS and get some Dr. Sholes now.  Other then that they seem to fit ok.  I wish they would sell these in my size at the stores so I wouldn't have to play this trial game.
B002ECFBY2 pleased with puma this shoe is so freaking gorgeous its very showy which i like. there is not much arch support here but if youre just wearing it for style then go for it. i promise you will get so many compliments.
B002ECFUCU great shoes Great shoes as always. Great price as always. No complaints of any sort. I'm always happy with puma. This us the only brand of shoes  I know i can order and know how they are going to fit.
B002EENI40 What a true disappointment I bought these for work.  The shoes are VERY tight.  My hope is that they will stretch a bit as they tend to be uncomfortable.I purchased for the PUMA name and looked carefully at the recommendations before ordering.  I now have the shoes and find that they will see limited use.
B002EENI40 Good shoes I bought these shoes cause they look great, but they're actually disappointingly uncomfortable.They fit as expected, but I also have purchased Puma sneakers before, so I knew to go a bit smaller than I normally would.  But these aren't nearly as comfortable as the Romas.  First off, the back rubs my ankles raw.  Not too big a deal, since I had the same issue with my Converse til I broke them in.  There's a cheap foam tape you can stick to your ankles to protect em til they get comfortable. The other issue is the split top digs into the top of my foot.  I'm hoping this will also resolve itself once the shoes are fully broken in.Until then three stars cause they still look good and aren't overly uncomfortable.
B002EENI40 like it nice it fit as expected I had so much time want it one pair of this shoes lol really bad
B002EENI40 Nice fit and finish, good looking shoe I've already gotten compliments on it.  Initially, I thought the fit of the shoe was too tight, but it stretched out after a couple of uses.
B002EENI40 Great shoes I've always liked the look of Pumas and bought these when during a sales event. They fit exactly like my other Pumas and they feel very secure on my feet even though they don't have shoe laces. I noticed that the arches are slightly higher than my last pair of Pumas and they actually fit my foot better.
B002EENI40 fit just like slippers A bit rigid at first fit but the day after it felt like they were always on my feet. Cool
B002EENI40 great buy ! they fit pretty nicely and look great, I can mix them with any outfit  I pretty much want to wear.
B002EENI40 Good Shoes, a tad tight 9.5 M is not really accurate. For most shoes, that is the size I wear. In these, I would have to get a W to fit correctly.
B002EENI40 Lastest edition to my zoo of Pumas! Love these shoes!  They are very comfortable, provide decent arch support, no slip and are stylish.  I weear them with slim jeans or would look good with scrubs if you are in healthcare field (better than clunky, "sensible" looking shoes that most RN's wear UGH!).  I have many Pumas and have never had an issue with quality.  Shipped very fast.
B002EENIYA Mine fit true to size and achilles problem was brief I bought mine true to size in an 8.5 and they fit fine.  I get lots of compliments on them and have even had people stop and and ask where I got them.  The top of the shoe does come in aggressively against your achilles tendon but I found that if I just worked them for a few minutes with my fingers and stood on the heel that went away.  For me breaking the heel part down a bit isn't a problem since I always slide my shoes off without untying them and this part gets pretty soft from being forced off by the toes of the other foot...  If they could figure out the heel comfort right out of the box they'd be 5+ stars.  A great deal for 50 bucks.
B002EENIYA Sleek and stylish, slightly uncomfortable These shoes fit and look great.  They run about a half size small (like most Pumas), so order accordingly.  The heel does curve in a bit too much and rubs against your Achilles tendon, but if you wear socks and tie the shoes snugly, you don't really notice it after a while.  I can wear them all day (with a fair bit of walking) without discomfort.One other complaint is that the leather used for the upper wrinkles easily.
B002EL3HHG fun,fuctional and comfy Perfect fit, true to size.  Durable.  Fun and fancy.  PUMA makes a great shoe!
B002EL3KQE Great shoes Fit and style is perfect for inside shoes at school. They do not leave lines on the gym floors and the light-up skeleton is a bonus.
B002EL3KQE not wide enough for comfort my boys  wld not let me return this pair -- honestly, its too cute with the light up showing offf the big cats skeleton and all..  but they don't actually wear it  with a high degree of comfort, are fiddling with it, and just plain want it off after a while., super cute but not functional.  i'm not a fan of going up a lot of sizes to get fit, because then other things go wrong.  stride rite, and new balance have adorable light ups that fit better.
B002EL3KQE Fun, Affordable Shoes! My Kindergartener loves her new shoes. They are cute, comfortable and fun. They do seem to run a little on the small side as the 12 I ordered fit her just fine and she had just outgrown a 10 in another brand of sneaker. I love the grey-pink color combination.
B002EL3KQE So stinking cute, but the sizing stinks more! They are very cool shoes and I am jealous that I cannot wear them! The light is super bright and they seem to be very well made. Major problem though... The shoes seem to run way small. My son is barely in 8s so that is the size I bought, thinking he can wear them for a while... But no - they barely fit him and are super tight without socks on! Now they don't have 9's on here but he has already seen them so I don't know what to do.
B002EL3KQE Fun shoe I got these for my daughter to match a cheer leading outfit.  Easily go on.  Flashes ever so nicely.  Fit what I expected.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes The fit was perfect for my son since his feet run a little wider. This has been the only shoe that he loves wearing!
B002EL3KQE Cute shoes The fit is snug. The reviews that suggest buying a size larger are correct. They are cute shoes though, and my son loves them.
B002EL3LZE Great sneaker by Puma Puma always make fashionable, comfortable, sneakers and this one is no exception.  Great style, perfect fit for people whose feet are not wide.  Where would we be without PUMA?  Barefooted for sure.  A must buy!
B002EL3LZE Fit pefectly Gave as gift, she love them & they fit perfectly. She had a big smile and wore them immediately! xo
B002EL3LZE great for boys My 5 years old boy loved. Is easy to put and the laces are strong (and had to be, since he is still learnig how to do). Fits just fine if your kid has a wide foot, what is great back here.
B002EL3LZE Puma Shoes These are great shoes my daughter loves them.  Perfect fit, very comfortable she loves them..My daughter has a wide foot, and I was concerned that this would be to slim, however they fit greatand she is pleased.
B002EL3LZE Perfect! My son loves these! The fit is just like all other Pumas he&#8216;s had, and the colors are fantastic! Sole is grippy, and the upper is sturdy, with plenty of non-binding support!
B002EL3LZE GREAT LOOK, BUT TOO LARGE I BOUGHT A SIZE FIVE, BUT THEY WERE TOO BIG. I EXPECTED A LITTLE MORE SOLE ON THE SHOE, THEY ARE RATHER LIGHTWEIGHT.  I AM RETURNING THESE SHOES BECAUSE THEY DON'T FIT.
B002EL3MCQ Love Puma These shoes were perfect for my 2 yr old. Easy to put on and take off. Look great. And clean up easy. And since the soles are more flexible, so much better for his feet.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes! I bought these for my one year old who is learning to walk. They are really lightweight and soft and still seem to support her feet well. I ordered her the size 5 and they fit perfectly. Love how they look!
B002EL3MCQ Cute shoes I love these shoes. So did my daughter. They were a great fit and since the velcro crisis crossed the shoe it was hard for her to take them off in the car. We have these in multiple sizes.
B002EL3MCQ Strong product I choose this because it is a strong sneakers,a good fit an it looks good on my baby foot.i love it thank you very much.i will be doing more buying from youll
B002EL3MCQ My grandson loves shoes! My grandson who is 2 years old loves shoes. This shoes fit him a little big but he is a growing child and it looks good with everything he wear. I love this shoe because he can put his own shoes on.
B002EL3MCQ LOVE THESE!! Absolutely love these shoes!! They fit perfect and my little 18 month of boy loves them too!!  Super cute and they go with everything
B002EL3MCQ PUMA ROCKS! love it! my little girl just love it! Very Confortamble and high quality! and fit as expected, we love PUMA
B002EL3MCQ Wide but cute These are a tiny bit wide, but still fit well because the Velcro is very secure. Very cute shoes, will be great for summer.
B002EL3MCQ puma childrens soccer shoe my grandson absolutely loves his puma soccer shoes. The fit was perfect for him and they are very comfortable for his feet. Very pleased with the purchase
B002EL3MCQ I was not expected the shoes to be soooo nice it is owesome I was not expected the shoes to be sooooo nice it is is owesome, i will always choose from this buyer
B002EL3MCQ Fit and fine This is second Puma for my son. It fits as expected. Style is good as expected. Good for running around in school/playground.
B002EL3MCQ It's fit, and handsome The shoes are very comfortable, buckle design is very easy to wear off. I would recommend others to buy it.
B002EL3MCQ Great lightening purchase I have waited and waited to see the price go down on these shoes and wouldn't you know it, a lightening deal! These fit my 2 yr old great. He wears a size 8 and has a good bit of room WITH socks on. A 9 would have been way too big.
B002EL3MCQ Cutest shoes, great fit, quick ship! These little shoes are adorable! The fit was perfect and they are easy on and off with plenty of support for my flat-footed toddler. Thanks!
B002EL3MCQ Fit as expected My 3 year old seem to like the sneaker.Not the easiest for her to unstrap, slip into, and strap on, but the shoe fits nicely and provides a level of comfort for pre-school.I recommend this shoe.The shoes shipped within 48 hrs.
B002EL3MCQ Love them! I bought these for my toddler and they fit very well. They are so easy to put on and take off!
B002EL3MCQ Great fit My son has a wide feet and this shoes is great for him. As soon as he put it on he said how comfortable it was.
B002EL3MCQ So cute! When my son started walking at 7.5 months I had to get him shoes especially in the fall/winter in Michigan. These shoes are so cute and he doesn't seem to be bothered by them, he's now 11 months old and the size (4) I ordered fit him from about 9-10 months the best, they no longer fit but I'll definitely be ordering them again.
B002EL3MCQ We love it Great fit and very trendy looking. Provides great traction too.  Easy to snap and stay close, very easy to put on.
B002EL3MCQ Nice Sneaker Love the velco closure and the fact that the sneaker is not white... two key factors I look for in a kid's shoe. Nicely fit my daughter's wider foot, light weight, and are easy for her to put on and take off.
B002F0053U not nike first of all, its definitely not a NIKE sneaker but it's priced like one... i have no clue why puma feels they can charge up to a hundred + dollars for their shoes when they aren't good athletic shoes at all. they run long and big too. but, with a snug fit.  i bought these because my NIKE shox were getting old, but since i've gotten this shoe, i'm still wearing my shox.
B002F0053U Amazon purchased - Puma Women's Cell Volt Sneaker I am disappointed in this shoe. It feels good and seems to have good support but after using the shoes the plastic on the sides is creased and bent. It is very stiff therefore creases. The feel is good but I don't like the creases.
B002HEWWDU Good for workout and chill-outs! The material is of good quality, did not shrink or get 'tangled' in the washers/dryers, or even lose any of its threads. I like the plain part of it, not too expensive and really good for workout days. However, one complaint is the size was a bit larger than what I expected. I was expecting Medium to be a fit if not perfect fit, but it is a little saggy.
B002HUI36E Fit's very nicely My son loves his pants.  They are very comfortable and stylish.  They fit just right.  I would purchase these again.
B002KAO9AU Fantastic shoes These shoes fit true to size and are incredibly comfortable. The slip on design is fantastic and makes it incredibly easy to take your shoes on/off. They offer a good amount of support and are very durable. I wore my pair for almost a year doing extensive walking and they held up admirably. The biggest problem they had before I replaced them was the canvas began to come apart from the bottom of the shoe around the heel, but things like that should be expected after as much use as I got out of them. I would recommend these to anyone.
B002KAO9AU great alternative to vans contrary to the look, the shoes have NO VELCRO attached to the strap. the strap is all elastic.great fit, possibly a little bit narrower and slightly higher arch than the similarly styled vans.i am very pleased with mine.
B002KAOLGC Great Sneaker I was pleased with the fit. Very comfortable for walking, even after wearing them all day. I reccomend them highly!
B002KAOLGC Great shoes I love these shoes and they are difficult to find at any puma store. If your looking for pure white, this is the place. Exactly what I expected! Perfection!
B002KAOLGC Very Nice shoes Loved these shoes. Loved the style. Fit nice. A little bit sharp and stiff around the collar at first but the style is nice. Your call boss
B002KAOLGC Good Shoe - Good Value This was a value-play for me.  I wasn't going to walk endless miles in these shoes, but they are Puma (great brand), stylish, and get the job done.  At $40 you cannot go wrong.  They fit consistently with other Puma shoes.
B002KAOLGC great buy The shoes fit perfectly and arrived on time. I would recommend them to anyone who doesnt want to go all the way to the store to get them
B002KAOLGC Nice Fit A very nice walking shoe and just what I was looking for at a reasonable price.  I will return when I need more shoes.
B002KAOLGC as expected! i am a PUMA fan. this sneakers did not disappoint. I really like it. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
B002KAOLGC love them nice looking shoes. i bought them for my teenage son as birthday gift . he loves them and they fit perfectly.
B002KAOLGC Great for the price It doesn't look like they will last for ever and are not as comfy as expected but they fit perfectly and look great. Worth it.
B002KAOLGC i ware it every day PUMA Men's El Ace L Sneaker,Black/Dark Shadow/Red,9 D USits Fit as expected and i dont have any problom .
B002KAOLGC PUMA does it again! I have always loved PUMA, and its products.  These shoes fit spot on, where as some other shoe makers are always either too small or too big when selecting my size.  The El Ace Leather Sneakers are comfortable, and perfect for hitting the streets.
B002KAOLGC Sharp Shoes Puma shoes can be a tricky fit, every style seems to fit differently. Size 9 was a bit short and 9-1/2 a bit too long with this particular model sneaker.
B002KAOLGC Nicely styled Love the fit of the shoe! It's light and perfect for walking about, and looks subtle and casual while not being too loud.
B002KAOLGC Great Shoe By Puma I was looking for some classy sneakers and I found them. Very comfortable,perfect fit and the first night I wore them a young couple came up to me and complimented me on my shoes.
B002KAOLGC Good shoes for a good price They fit well and are comfortable. I just started picking at an Amazon Warehouse and with all the walking (and there is a TON of walking.. lol) my running shoes were not working and my feet were throbbing and had a blister. I wore these shoes last night for work and they worked much, much better (and cost about 1/3 the price).
B002KAOLGC Fit as expected The shoe fit as expected. It is like i expected. I am very satisfied with this shoe. Everything is ok.
B002KAOLGC Awesome Comfortable shoes I bought these Puma shoes as a gift for my brother. He is a size 7 and they fit PERFECT! These shoes are extremely comfortable and very stylish looking. I would defiant buy again in another color. Great shoes a must buy don't hesitate!!
B002KAOLGC These shoes fit like a dream I got a lot of comments on these shoes when I bought them and I still like them.  They do get dirty very quickly (they are white after all) but if you can keep them clean, you'll be styling.  I need to always get 13 D shoes as they're a bit wider and I have monster feet but the fit really is great.
B002KAOLGC I love it It fit as I expected and it is look like cool and it is convenient and also the other colours  are cool .
B002KAOLGC Very Neat fit I was not sure about this but for $38 i gave it a try, I was impressed of how neat the fit was and it is also very comfortable. I'd admit from the wear's point of view its looks off but how every1 else sees it, it looks awesome
B002KAOLGC nice looking sneaker I am pleased with the fit and with the appearance - comfortable for walking.  a good value for the money.
B002KAOLGC Nice The shoe is great, not too much to complain about.  It's a little bit of a tight fit but I'm pretty sure most pumas are like that
B002KAOLGC Men's white sneakers Shoe is absolutely fabulous.  Easy to wear and easy of the foot.  Shipment was very prompt and packaging protected the shoes.  Much thanks.
B002KAOLGC Very pleased Perfect fit, comfortable style at a great price from a top brand. Might even look at a couple additional colors!
B002KAOLGC cool shoes these shoes match every outfit i seriously recommended them.  cool color , and cool design, like i said you can go casual or sport and it will fit.
B002KAOLGC cool shoes Those shoes fit really well and they are really nice shoes. I wear them a lot and I love them. I would recommend them
B002KAOLGC Sneaker The  shoe is too flat for my feet so I wear them only for especial occasion there are nice design. But there is not to much sole at the bottom.  I get tire wire standing up for a long period of time.
B002LH4RMM AWESOME FOR NURSES GREAT FIT, COMFORTABLE, DURABLE, KEEPS BRIGHTNESS, SLIP FREE, BEST HOSPITAL SHOE MY GIRLFRIEND HAS EVER USED.  I DON'T HAVE TO MASSAGE HER FEET ANYMORE SO I'M HAPPY ABOUT THAT.
B002LH4RMM I love these shoes I love a good pair of slip on tennis shoes and these fit the bill perfectly!  They were a touch tight at first, but after a couple of days, the leather molded around my feet like slippers.
B002LVUZN8 trendy looking shoes Followed advice from other reviews and purchased 1/2 size larger shoe. Fits fine. I have an average width foot and shoe is a little wider than I expected, but since it's a true running shoe I guess that's how it should be. This has a high arch and I almost returned them because it didn't fit my arch, but after wearing them for a few days I don't even notice the arch anymore. I am not using them as true running shoes, just light workout shoes. Couldn't bear to send them back because I love the color and look.
B002LVUZN8 These shoes are AWESOME!!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes! I have gotten more compliments on them than ANY other shoes I have ever owned...and I have a LOT!! :)I have them in both the pink and the teal... The picture doesn't do them justice...they are a bit "wild" but GORGEOUS! :) I run about 15-20 miles per week in them, wear them to spin class and step class...and they show little signs of wear... They are well made and have good cushioning in the heel. True to size...I wear a 9 and 9's fit perfect! Buy em!
B002LVV0GE Comfy and plush cushion ride and on heavier side This shoe is very comfortable to wear.True to its size and has a nice toe box.The heel fit is also good.It has nice paddings and when worn gives a snug fit.I weight only 130 pounds for 5' 4" so this shoe is kind of heavy to me.But I have knee issues so when I ran it gave good shock absorbing effect.The gait cycle was smooth from a toe to heel finish.Think it is more like Brooks glycerine but runnable out of the box.I would assume I will get easily around 600 miles in this.
B002LVV0GE Tight throughout I always buy my shoes size 9.5 and fit me, what did not happen with this shoes, use several times to run and I damaged a nail
B002LVV1H2 No support whatsoever I know these are the minimalist shoes and they are very light, but they offer zero support. They look good, but not good for running.
B002Q9XHCQ I like it. I was expecting a slightly tighter fit.  I did not notice the &#34;loose fit&#34; information until I received the jacket.
B002RFSJD6 Great Maneuverability!! They fit amazing! These are the best shoes I have ever owned for soccer. I have a wide foot across the top and a small heel and these fit me very well. I am very impressed with the maneuverability I have with these shoes. I love the look, the colors are my team colors, and everyone asked me where I found them. Puma gets my vote from here on out!
B002RFXH06 Make Sure It Fits The shoes is narrowly shaped so make sure your feet are not the wide type then you will feel it is too tight. Other than that the shoe gives you a good feeling of ball control becasue it almost feels as an extension of your own feet naturally, with a great protection from its surface material.
B002RT8HWU Cute, functional, and Small The bag is pretty cool. It has a bunch of compartments inside which makes it easier to organize your stuff. It's big enough to fit your gym clothes and sneakers, though i would've prefered it to be just a tiny bit bigger.
B002U0KL0C Absolutely perfect I thought these were a bit expensive.  But once I purchased and wore them, they fit perfectly.  They are so comfortable, and don't ride up, plus they are so stylish.  Worth the cost.
B002U0KL20 Great Fit These trunks are GREAT!  Comfortable fit, breathable fabric, don't bunch up... Already ordered more. I've tried other trunks of this type and none of the rest compare, even the more expensive ones.  These are a must have especially for the guy on the go.  No matter what you do they stay in place and stay dry and comfortable the whole time.
B002U0KV16 Nice Indoor Shoes. I got these for an indoor soccer league.  Feel good and snug.A couple things to remember:Order at least a half size higher than normal shoes (every review I read said that, and they were right).The sole at the arch is very thin.  If you have a wide foot, they may be uncomfortable.  I have a normal arch and average width.All in all, these are great shoes and they look awesome.
B002X78OCO love these shoes!  I wear them to go to yoga.. Really comfortable flats...no ribbing to pull them tight around your heels which i love. i wear them casually to go to work out classes but not daily. Not sure how well they would hold up for daily wear given how flat they are. But I love these shoes!
B002YD8I1O Love em! I use them mainly for walking around the city AND running on a treadmill (2-3 times a week); so far they've held up quite well (only used them since Nov 2010).  Sole itself is flatter, not much of any arch support, but my feet naturally have quite an arch, so I wasn't looking for much of any arch.  Very light weight and breatheable, so I wouldn't suggest using them in rain.  I have the lime-green ones and they look quite nice!  Size does run more or less as it should.  They were a little tight around the sides of my feet, but after a few days I broke them in and are much more comfortable.
B002YD8KIK Very comfortable and lightweight - great looking! Love these Pumas! Extremely light, and surprisingly supportive. As mentioned, no points of impact. Fit snug around the ankle, but serves more as a cushion than a blister fest...They are better for actual running than the Voltaic line, but probably not recommended for long hauls. Could easily tough out around a 5 mile run but not a lot more.Quite a bit better looking then the picture shows - I wear these casually and find them to be stylish without looking like old-man shoes or a tie-dye shirt...
B002Z12RU8 Awesome worktout/mat shoe!!! I do an hour of cardio kickboxing at least three times a week, normally barefoot.  I've been struggling with heel pain and picked up these shoes at the recommendation of a friend.  I have worn other martial arts shoes which normally have very little arch support, and have tossed them aside out of discomfort and annoyance.These Pumas are so awesome - they have a very high supportive arch and I am able to comfortably go through a workout wearing them, and go about the rest of my day without pain.I'm considering buying a suede pair for jeans/everyday wear.If you have high arches and heel pain give these a try!
B002Z12RU8 Cute but not comfortable I purchased these as I have wanted a pair of Puma sport shoes for a work out class and walking. They are light weight which is what I was looking for and they are also designed nicely and sleek. The down side is that they have little support and are not really comfortable at all. They rub on the heel and don't fit well. I am a ture 8.5 and rarely have issues with casual shoes. I was very disapointed and did return them.
B002Z12RU8 Very comfortable~! I just bought these.  THe only thing I thought at first was that they were super cute.  But they are very comfortable.  I have very high arches and cant ever find shoes that actually support them without buying insoles.  These hug my arches perfectly.  I would recommend them to anyone.
B002Z12RZ8 If you buy Puma's because they fit your high arch, these sneakers might not be for you I love Puma sneakers, for their design and especially because they fit my foot's arch, which is a rather high one. Unfortunately this model of Puma sneaker, although lovely, didn't fit my arch well and ended up making my feet and, surprisingly, even my back hurt.
B002Z12SV6 Great shoes for work. I love these shoes. I bought them to wear to work where I am a lab technician. I love to wear flats but needed something with a little more support than most flats come with. I wear these shoes to work every day and I love them. I was a little worried about how they would stay on my feet, but they stay on perfect...no blisters or anything! I love them. Couldn't ask for a better pair of cute shoes to wear to work.
B002Z12SV6 Perfect flats! These are absolutely perfect. They have enough support to keep your feet comfortable all day, have great styling, and do not cause your feet to get hot or sweat.  I can literally wear these 24/7 without discomfort. (not that I'd ever want to wear any shoe that long!)
B0030BFBUK Alright.. I like these shoes but I was looking for something with more support. They are great for running but the laces are too short so I would recommend going with no laces or longer ones.
B0030KMONS Fit Fit was okay all around, except for the thigh area too tight for boys with huskey/muscular legs.Puma  Boys 8-20 2 Pack Boxer Briefs
B0032NTGPC great shoes for a great price they actually feel much better then i thought. i bought these shoes to have as spare but I'm actually useing them as my main shoes now. they are light and very comfortable. it took one game to really get used to them because they were a bit tight for me on the sides but by the next game they fit perfectly.
B0036HXFNS weird fit I. Bought these at tj max so length wasn't a surprise (not short shorts short but shorter then pictured.) But the fit was odd. I was suspicious that I'd acedently bought women's shorts. The style code on the tag is men's. The feel very flat fronted. The press up againts the front but are very loose in the back. Maybe it the winter weight I'm still trying to take off but the fit me odd.Probably wouldn't have bought them if I tried them on in store but nice light running shorts worth clearance price. Glad I kept them.
B0037KMNAU I Love These Shoes. I've had these shoes before and when those finally had enough, I had to get another pair. I love these shoes they are very comfortable, breathable, and pretty stylish. The fit runs true to size. The shipping came early. All and all they are a great casual shoe.
B0037KMNCS Cool shoes, decently comfortable These shoes are definitely very cool looking. I get compliments on them all the time for their uniqueness and color. The shoe itself is pretty comfortable, I generally need to wear my arch supports with them although I usually don't and I'm fine if I don't walk for a super long distance. (they fit fine with the supports in them) There is not that much support built in and they're not overly squishy or comfortable but they are good for wearing if you're walking around for a while. The shoes needed a little bit of breaking it; they felt really stiff at first although they didn't give me blisters. I use them for outfits that needy nicer looking shoes when I need to walk a distance to get there(I go to school at a big campus). The tie-dye part is made of a different material then the rest of the shoes, it's shiny/plastic-y feeling but it doesn't change the comfort of the shoes. I would definitely recommend these shoes for someone that needs a nicer pair of athletic/ casual shoes for walking around in.
B0038QP3C8 Puma Benny's a good fit for casual cool Great color, great look. Kind of stiff, but should be fine after break-in. Probably will use a sole insert to improve support. Can wear it with just about any look, urban/suburban. If Puma made this in a soft leather upper, it would be an awesome shoe.
B003BNY8ZQ Absolutely Love It! It was more than what I expected and I absolutely love it.Looking forward to purchasing other styles of the Puma watches.
B003C0WRLK Excellent shoes The price/quality ratio could not be better.They are light, fashionable ( They had to be Italian), have an excellent grasp to the gym floor, and they allow your feet to "breathe".On the other side I had two personal issues with them, which of course do not apply to everybody. The first issue is that the shoe is too narrow and the second is the heel's support.I have wide feet,and this shoes are not designed for a "tamal shaped" feet, they fit sort of tight. Not a big deal for some, a big issue for others.The other problem for me is the support, or shape of the sole. For some reason after playing, my Achilles Tendons are reacting adversely, and are tender and sore.... this never happened to me before..... Could it be me? Of course it could, but I went jogging with other shoes recently, and my AT's were fine. Could it be a combination of tennis/ me ?, it could be too.If you are a middle age guy, I would recommend trying different shoes at the store, and then, if you can save yourself some bucks, order them on line.
B003EE48UM not really satisfied the shoes didn't fit at all. i ended to giving them away. i wouldn't recommend this site for shoes. i learned my lesson..
B003EE7NMW Puma Ferrari These white Pumas look great, but are not that comfortable for my feet. The newer Ferrari Pumas don't look at nice but are way more comfortable. Wish I could get the style with the comfort. Still Puma makes great shoes, these might fit better on your feet than they did on mine.
B003EE7OMG Great for walking to yoga or with leggings; so many compliments. I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes. They are very unique but simple-looking with a wide strap across the foot.  I am a size 9 and they are perfect fit. If I am not going to the gym, I wear not-socks with them to prevent sweaty feet. I love them with leggings and yoga pants, but they aren't great with jeans. When I ordered them I was a little apprehensive about blisters because they fit tightly to the foot, but I haven't had any issues. They are very comfortable, although I don't work out in them, I wear them to my spin class and the pool where I change out of them. Arrived on time and in good condition. Great purchase.
B003EE7OMG pretty but not as comfy as i'd hoped The soles on these are non-existent. The fit is pretty much the same as all of the other puma ballet flats i own, and these are certainly pretty, but they do not offer any cushion or support.  Luckily, the strap across the top means i can fit orthotics inside without the shoe slipping off my foot.
B003EE7TSU great looking shoe! These Pumas fit my son's feet well, looked great and are comfortable. Priced right too. I would recommend to anyone.
B003EE7XGS Great Toddler Shoe They are so stylish and they fit great. The most important thing is that they look like his Daddy's shoes!
B003EE7XGS Love these shoes I love these shoes they fit good and they are reasonably priced and can be worn well with jeans or shorts
B003EE9O4W Shoes appear black but are a charcoal grey - fit true is to size The straps are Velcro as expected to make it easier for little fingers to put there shoes on by them selves, but the grommets that the straps go through are tight and will require an adult to push the Velcro straps back through.
B003EE9O4W Running SHoe Very cute with a great fit BUT daughter complains her feet hurt after wearing them an hour....Don't know if it's just the fit or the brand
B003EE9O4W Puma for yourh They are an awesome shoe. My son put them on and would probably go to sleep with them on. Great fit and easy for my son to put on himself.
B003EE9O4W Great shoes My daughter is 2.5 years and loves these shoes.  The fit was perfect. The green is very vibrant and easy to put on due to Velcro
B003EE9O4W great shoes My son loves these.  Brightly colored and fit his feet perfect. He plays tennis and soccer in them. And runs as well, all for fun. They do well for him, fit well and are holding up well.
B003EE9O4W very cute I bought these for my trio and they fit perfectly and are very easy to wipe clean and are very stylish!
B003EE9O4W fit as expected Love how sturdy they are and the colors are nice too. these shoes are great. Love how sturdy they are and the colors are nice too. My son loves them too.
B003EE9P14 LOVE these shoes!!! These shoes are amazing...I wear them everywhere! I bough them in an 8.5 like I normally wear and they fit perfect.
B003EE9P14 Comfy but not on the back foot These shoes are confortable in the bottom of the foot, it has like a support on the ground but on the back, bothers me a little, but in general are good.
B003EE9P14 i love the brand, but these shoes seem... a little off. the arch seems too high, and the back rubs my ankle. I always buy Puma, but this pair seems too big at times, except that the back is rough on my ankle. i like the shoes, they look nice, but the fit just seems a little odd.
B003EEBF80 pretty and comfy but.. This shoe is true to size and comfy, the reaason I give it 5 stars is that it is wide in the front, if you have thin feet this are not gonna work for you, wide feet people will love them, I also put a dr sholls arch support since they are so flat and you dont get much support, but with that small alteration i can wear these shoes aaaaall day and they are so light you feel you have socks on only :)
B003EEBGQQ Amazingly Comfortable and Stylish Shoes! These shoes are made for a runners foot! They also are so sexy! The arch support could not have been any more spot on! Great shoes!
B003EEBGQQ Great Its rubber insole is very comfortable its easy to clean and easy to look at. Its an excellent running shoe. Perfect fit and light as a feather
B003EEBGQQ exelent shoes those shoes are excellent, very comfortable, we see that are of very good quality and they fit better than expected
B003EEBGQQ Good looking I ordered these for my son for his birthday; they fit true to size and are very comfortable according to him; they also look nice on the foot.
B003EEBGQQ Very comfortable Second pair, love these shoes for my daily walks.  No break in time, they fit my feet perfectly I highly recommend
B003EEBGS4 My new favorite shoes I bought these in gray and love them.  I found them to be true-to-size: I usually wear an 8.5 and that's what I ordered, and they fit fine.  My foot width is about average.  One thing to note: Pumas (specifically Speed Cats and Repli Cats) do tend to fit tighter and narrower than other sneakers, it's been true of very pair I've owned and it's just their style, so these aren't shoes you'd want to wear if you'll be on your feet for 10 hours straight.  These shoes are great and they look cool, but I've definitely had to loosen the laces after wearing them all day!
B003EECZZC Perfection does exist They have a nice longer/slender look, the colors are great, and pretty much the style is what initially sold this shoe for me.Then when I first tried it on, it was a lot more snug than any of my other shoes I had.  So snug, that I was startled to say the least.  I was a little afraid I wasn't going to be able to wear them, but after 3 days or so, I had a whole new definition for comfort.  They are now my most favorite shoes.  My other "loose" shoes are nice, but when I'm looking for comfort, arch support, and a cool style, these shoes are always there for me.I love these shoes.
B003EECZZC Sporty Look Nice looking shoes. I got the white ones and they can pretty much go with anything. Sporty look. A little snug so I had to adjust the laces so there isn't as much pressure on my foot. Really more pressure on left foot. All in all I like the shoes.
B003EEF6WQ Five Stars Fit as expected
B003EEH7NM Very nice sneaker! Very nice sneaker. Well done and good quality. It fit as expected. I buyed other Puma's sneakers and the size was the same.I totally recomend it.
B003EEHAHA Returned Shoes looked better online.  I returned them because they were not a comfortable fit. I am sure they fit comfortably for others, just not me.
B003FZ9TYA Great shoes for thin feet These shoes are exactly what I was looking for.  They look great and are a snug fit.  These aren't for all types of feet.  I wouldn't recommend these for people with wide feet.  People with thin feet and who have high arches will enjoy these.  Given the thin sole, I was surprised by the good amount of cushion on the heel.  I suspect the thin sole at the ball of the foot and by the toes could cause some discomfort if you were planning on walking for long periods and are used to having more cushion in those areas.  Also, don't get these if you tend to walk on the outside or inside of your foot and you notice your old shoes have more wear on the edges because these are so low-profile that you will walk a hole into the side of the shoe.  All that being said, I think they are great shoes for my feet.
B003FZGOC0 Always Reliable These shoes were just what I expected to get from Puma.  The size fit great and the are very comfortable.  I've tried other name brand tennis shoes but I keep going back to Puma shoes because of the cushioning support.  I have pretty flat feet so my feet always hurt when I run, but this pair of Puma shoes really support me with cushion.  I've had other shoes by Puma that had more cushion support to them, that's the only reason I didn't rate a 5.  The teal blue color is just enough color to make the shoes pop  but not feel like you have to match them with your workout shirt.  ;-)
B003FZGOC0 great for everyday i bought these for the gym but they made the bottom of my feet go numb on the treadmill. i added more padding to the soul which helped immensely. i ended up using them as a work sneaker because they are very comfortable after you wear them awhile and break them in and because of the material they stay looking new longer. the tongue slides out of place a lot though.i get a lot of compliments on them and they have great arch support if your feet are a little flat
B003FZJWW4 Amazing!! I love these shoes! I trusted the other reviews and I order on the larger side and I am very happy I did. They fit perfect and feel like I am walking on air. The sides are so soft that my wide foot fit with ease. I will be buying more Repli Cat iii in the very near future!!
B003FZJWW4 Didn't fit at all. Very uncomfortable... I ordered the shoes for my size, 10, and when I got them, they didn't fit. Way too tight and way too narrow. It says they're meant for men, but they're sized to fit womens' feet. Horrible. Waste of money.
B003GPXR0Q Not great. They were very tight, even for running shoes, and offered no support or cushioning. They didn't even look as good as I'd hoped. I really wanted to love them, but back they went.
B003GQ1M70 Fantastic shoes My son has skinny feet fits perfectly - great for climbing - and being a boy in the hot weather.Velcro makes my life easy. I buy them in every size. He hates trying on shoes -they never fit.All Puma's are an excellent fit on him.
B003H6MCPU Fit well, nicely made These fit nicely on my womens 9 feet, I like the slightly tighter area around the middle of the foot. They are just the right height, and I like the logos and styling.
B003ICX504 They fit They are resonibly cheap.  They were the correct size that was ordered so they fit with no issue and they arrived rather quick.
B003ICX518 Snug These fit very snug (think spandex). Not horrible, but I most likely will go with a different brand in the future. Might fit a narrow foot a bit more comfortably.
B003IMJO68 Not a fan These socks look nice and fit great - but you can't wear shoes over them or your feet will pay. Not ideal for any kind of movement sport, the seams near the toe with eat your feet alive. Runner's, definitely stay away from these.
B003IMJO68 great fit great fit, looks good. nice 3-pack. value for money. might order another in the future as I love puma as a brand.
B003LY4HWY Very good These are comfy and have worn well. Possibly run small, I wear an 8 or 8.5 and needed the 8.5 in these. I have gotten so many compliments on these! Very easy to slip on. Not a lot of arch support but very comfy for a flat sneaker. I would buy another pair.
B003LY4R3I Love these shoes! It is rare to find size 11 1/2. These shoes fit well and have great arch support which I need for plantar faciitis. My feet do not ache at the end of the day. Best of all, they come in purple!
B003LY4VNO Perfect! These shoes are the best at what they are ment for! The shipping was great, meaning that I got the shoes before the expected time, and the price is nice too.
B003LY4XLY Great price, fit and quality My son has a large size 13 foot, but often cleats run different in size and he still has trouble finding them to fit. I ordered these on a last hope because locally he couldn't find anything. These were only 37 dollars which is an unbelievable good price, and they arrived in 2 days. To our delight and surprise they fit him perfectly and he loves them!
B003LY4Y40 Excellent shoe! I bought these shoes and played three soccer games on Sunday. They were so comfortable!  They provided stability and a good fit for wide feet.  Great traction on turf!  I would recommend these shoes - great value too!
B003LY50N4 Great shoes! This shoes fit great and are perfect for running and training in general. The only issue I've had is that they hurt my feet after maybe 2 or 3 hours. Otherwise, a great shoe.
B003MAJWCW Women's Puma Shoes Words cannot express how comfortable, light, and easy to walk in these shoes are. They are light enough to where you barely notice that they are on with arch support that helps improve your posture and relieve your feet for long walks. The fit is spot on and stretch a little with about a month of use; the laces are easy to tie and slide through each loop with ease. The rubber on the bottom though will not stop you dead in your tracks, but will give you enough traction for everyday use. Another plus is that the leather resists creasing and cracking very well. Overall these shoes are for anyone that wants a light shoes that won't weigh you down and will help ease your feet with each stride.
B003MAJWCW LOVE I LOVE these shoes!  They are super cute and very comfortable.  I bought them to wear for golf actually and they work great.  My only negative review would be that they tend to make your feet hot since there really is not ventilation and they fit so comfortably. Other than that....Love them!  And I get lots of comments on them too!
B003MAJWCW Really Good Fit I had purchased these shoes for a mate of mine and it is a really good fit.They're very comfortable and neat fitting. :)
B003MAJWCW Nice sneaker with any casual outfit. Like these shoes very much.  I do need socks to prevent blisters though.  Tongue won't stay straight.  Other than that very comfortable worn with low, thin socks.  Slim look doesn't make you feet look "fat".  Love the laces. Very cute shoe.  Fit is true to size.
B003MAJWCW Great Service My item arrived very quickly. It was here a few days before expected. It is a wonderful shoe and soft. Great fit!
B003MAJWCW Great shoes Very comfortable shoe, as expected from Puma.  Seems to hold up nicely,  makes for extreme comfort when driving manual transmission cars.  A+
B003MAJWCW HORRIBLE!!!!! I am EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this shoe! They fit fine, but the laces are cheap. But what makes me really angry is that they were yellowed! The sides and tongues of both shoes were yellowed severely. Also, the top of the laces were dirty. I know it is not the color they are supposed to be because part of the shoe is pure white.
B003MAJWCW Fit was odd I had to return these. I was hoping for an aerobics dance shoe to replace my clunky-looking black ones (I really hate the look of the black split-sole dance shoes!). But these were TOO white and they seemed large, although if I were to size down, I think they'd be too small. They fit weird with the high cut around the back of the ankle is what I believe is part of the problem. I saw a guy in my class with Pumas and that's why I thought they might work. But he told me he bought his 10 years ago! I guess some things change and sometimes not for the better.PS: I eventually found some Clark's that fit the bill, a tennis shoe called Arbor Jade. They are petite looking, you night even say pretty, and really comfortable. On-site, they are called walking shoes, but they work for my aerobics class just fine and they come in some great colors.
B003MAJWCW Very Satisfied I really enjoyed that it didn't take very long for my shoes to arrive in the mail. I love the shoes too, they fit perfectly and the are comfortable.
B003MAJWCW Nice kicks Fit as expected, loved the convince of ordering online. The material on these shoes is thinner than most sneakers, but they are great.
B003MAJWCW Surprisingly comfortable I always used to worry about buying Puma sneakers because I have high arches, and Pumas in this style looked like they provided inadequate arch support.  Glad I was wrong - the way the shoe is built, I have the arch support I need and the classic Puma style I've been looking for.  The sole on this sneaker provides good support from the ball of the foot to the heel.  I've been able to wear this shoe comfortably all day doing my Christmas shopping, and even lasted an 8-hour shift on my feet while working on the hospital floor.  Buy this shoe true to size, because the all-leather upper will stretch some with continued wear.
B003MAJWCW return of pumas i had to send them back, they were very uncomfortable, the arch support felt too high, the whole shoe felt too tight and my normal size 9 1/2 was too short. i did not hate them, but i could not wear them, i was very disappointed
B003MAJWCW Love it! They fit perfectly and they are insanely comfortable. The quality seems very nice. I really feel that a pair of $30 PUMAS that don't look or fit cheap is a steal. I got them today and haven't taken them off yet!
B003MAJWCW puma ...classic shoe great fit Fave shoes recently purchased to get back into working out after an ankle injury. Love these shoes, have about 4 pair.
B003MAJWCW PUMA SNEAKERS LOVE THEM Know them. Perfect for many weeks travels. Do not take too much space in a suitcase and do not weight much. Are very comfortable to wear during hours. Also, they are not big, so they suit many type of garments in a fancyer way than if be wearing big running shoes. Would not wear them for hicking.
B003MAJWCW Perfect fit This sneaker fit perfectly, its comfortable as well. It met my expectation when i opened the package it was in.
B003MAJWCW i love it The shoe I ordered fits as expected, what you see is what you get. I totally love it!!!!!Oh and I dig the re-usable bag my shoes was sent in
B003MAJWCW Very comfortable These sneakers are very comfortable. I love them and highly recommend them to others. These are also great summer sneakers.
B003MAJWCW Great shoes! The shoes arrived on time and fit just as expected. The leather is nice and the shoes are very comfortable to walk in. The colors were also just as described on line. Great purchase!
B003MAJWCW Not comfy at all! I was trying to find a replacement for my much loved Alsten black and silver Pumas that have since been discontnued....these did not fit the bill at all. Ugh..the gray/shadow color....yuck!The sides are too low and were very uncomfortable around my ankles.  And the way the bottoms are....not comfy at all to walk on, in fact kind of awkward.Back to my search.
B003MAJWCW GREAT I love these shoes!  They are perfect for walking around the dental clinic; they're extremely comfortable and easy to wipe off.
B003MAJWCW PERFECT for Zumba I got these shoes to wear for Zumba. They are prefect for all of the side stepping, cha cha chas, and pivots. I am a dancer and I feel like I am wearing ballet slippers! The arch support is phenomenal. They are extremely lightweight with the perfect amount of traction for aerobic dance. I cannot tell you enough how perfect these shoes are for Zumba.They look so wonderful with a nice pair of jeans. I wear them often for casual dates and errands alike.For me they ran true to size. I would recommend measuring your foot and comparing it to the sizing chart. Especially if you are between sizes. I have many athletic shoes that are 8.5 and 9. I wore an 8.5 in these. A 9 would have been too big.The material is synthetic but surprisingly breathable. The material makes them very easy to clean.Great shoe!
B003MAJWCW Comfortable and supportive I really love these shoes. They fit comfortably and have fairly good arch support. The bottom of the soles are really slippery but that would be my only complaint.
B003MAJWCW Love these shoes! Love love love these shoes! They fit true to size and are easy to clean. They're extremely comfortable, it feels like I don't even have shoes on. I love all puma products and would definitely buy these again.
B003MAJWCW PUMA Women's Soleil Leather Fashion Sneaker The sneaker itself isn't as good looking as all my other Puma's.I could have lived with the way they look if they fit well. My feet slide out when I walk.I would have returned them but when I tried them on they felt fine.It wasn't until much later when I started walking in them that I realized I couldn't wear them.By then it was too late to return them.Lesson learned. I will never order footwear online again.
B003MAJWCW Popping sound I love Pumas because they are sleek and stylish, and because they have a wonderful arch support, but after a while, something in the arch gives way and every step I take makes a popping sound that can be heard everywhere I walk - so much for that!
B003MAJWCW Looks great and very comfortable I love PUMA shoes they are great sneakers that look a little less casual. These have great arch support and fit my narrow feet gee eat, however, they feel a bit long. I probably should have picked ones a 1/2 size less. I have worn them numerous times already and no complaints.
B003MAJWCW Good Thank you very much  , I love it and fit very  good . And you are good seller  The best stuff
B003MAJWCW The shoes look better then they feel The shoes fit ok.  They're not as comfortable as my other Pumas.  They look nice but a little spacey around the top, after lacing.
B003MAJWCW great fit daughter loves them This is the second pair that my daughter has. She totaly loves the way they fit and how light they are.
B003MAJWCW Five Stars Actually they fit better than expected.  Very comfortable sneakers that but a bounce in my step.  Also, they have the smoother sole that I wanted when doing yard work.  Last &#34;tennis&#34; shoes I had collected mud that had to be dug out of the grooves.
B003MAJWCW puma is the best This is the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. Straight out of the package they fit like gloves for my feet. No break in time needed!
B003MAJWCW Gotta Love Puma Once again, Amazon is able to procure Puma tennis shoes and sale them to us.  The Soleil tennis shoe is very light and fashionable.  I call these my driving shoes, they Sharp Green flows with my Kia Soul too.  Great shoes, I've had no problem with the fit, 6.5 is 6.5...there is no rocket science required. Love em'
B003MAJWCW POOR FIT The shoe size ran larger than normal and was particularly ill fitting around the ankle. There was absolutely no arch support despite the appearance on the picture.
B003MAJWCW Puma collector The style of the show was even better seeing it in person. The only complaint is that I've ordered all my previous Pumas in an 11 (for max comfort) and they fit great, but this one was a little longer than others.
B003MAJWCW Great shoes Love these shoes. They fit close to size and are stylish. I recommend these shoes to everyone. Love my pumas!
B003MAJWCW great shoe These shoes are very comfortable but wear out quickly, but most shoes that are this style do so it was expected. They fit just like other pumas and gave me no trouble.
B003MAJWCW Great shoes These Puma shoes are fantastic. They are light weight but have great support. They also run very true to size.
B003MAJWCW Good shoe They fit a bit different from my other puma's but over all they have help up well and they are comfortable for my narrower foot.
B003MAJWCW Perfect fit well order more in the future I love them they fit great just what I wanted thanks I'll order more in deferent colors for sure thanks
B003MAJWCW Great shoes Most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased.  Fit great and look great, I recommend them to all to purchase. GREAT
B003MAJWCW Great casual shoe for my wife I love the look of these shoes, clean and sleek.  The only thing I do not care for is the bottom which is kind of slick and noisy.  It sounds like you are wearing heels when it hits the ground.  Other than the sound the shoes look and fit great!
B003MAJYTS Hot feet and poor pading I really like the look of this shoe and at first I thought they felt very comfortable, but after a short while my heels started to hurt in these because there is almost no padding in the heel area. I know they are a running shoe and alot of weight is exerted on the toes but come on, can they at least put a little padding in the heel? I also wish there would have been some arch support. There was literally no arch support whatsoever, it's completely flat! Also when running my feet get extremely hot in these shoes since there is no ventilation. Whew! I almost have to take these shoes off in the middle of my run my feet burn up so bad. Bottom line only buy if you have very cold feet that need to warm up and you only run on your toes.
B003MAJZRE Women with big feet need pretty shoes too! I love this shoe!  Usually I have to buy men's white sneakers because I wear a size 12 women (same as 10 1/2 men's).  This is the first time since I was very young, that I was able to get pink sneakers, femine looking sneakers.  The fit is incredible.  They are comfortable.  Love them!
B003OE0LFI EASY FIT COMFROTABLE. WEAR THIS TO AND FROM THE GYM. ZIPPERS AT THE BOTTOM OF LEGS TO MAKE FOOT OPENING SLIMMER OR LARGER. POCKETS AT SIDE ALSO HAVE ZIPPERS TO STORE SMALLER ITEMS LIKE KEYS OR CELL PHONE. DRAW STRING WAIST FOR SECURED FIT. REGULAR INSEAM.
B003R4ZNJ4 Nice shoes, but... These shoes look great, however the fit is a bit snug out the box and cuts into the top of my foot. Likely should have bought them a size bigger if I'd known, but I don't typically by Pumas.
B003R4ZV32 Perfect fit and comfortable I just started playing soccer a few months back and needed some indoor shoe. I looked locally and couldn't find a pair that I liked. I saw these and thought they looked great. They are comfy and give me plenty of traction and support. I love them. The size is exactly as stated. I wear 11's and these were right on. Oh and they are very stylish- I have had many positive comments about them.
B003R4ZVJG Sweet Kicks I love these shoes! They are super comfortable, and very stylish. However, they run a bit small to normal sizing. I would recommend going up 1/2 a size to make sure you get the right fit. Enjoy!
B003ZJCEXO Classic track jacket. Great look, great fit and classic Puma style.  I love it.  Puma never disappoints and Amazon is top notch for variety and service.
B003ZJCEXO A classic. If you are looking for a classic track jacket, this is it. Fits as expected and at a much lower cost than Adidas.
B003ZJCEXO Great Track Jacket The title says it all.the jacket was as I expected, overall it's comfortable and fit perfectly.would recommended to others.
B003ZW2FJO Satisfied The item was a perfect fit. I've often purchased online & know my size. The track pants were as advertised.
B003ZW2FJO i like it i like it fit the way i spected it fit good ready to buy next time thak you so much
B003ZYXUDW Cool looking and functional! This watch is awesome for timing my runs. The big face is easy to read when I glance down in the midst of a run, and it looks so darn sporty and cool. The fit is a little awkward when I'm running...at hole three it's too loose and hole two is a bit too tight for my (female) arm, but I make do. Some people complain that the size is too big for a female in general, but I love the oversize look of it. Glad I made the splurge.
B00416BV4S shoes for my nephew My nephew is very hard to please with shoes; however, these shoes fit the bill perfectly for my sweet 9-year-old nephew!  Soft, flexible, good fit, and velcro!
B00416BW3S great fit My daughter loves these shoes. They fit her great and no pinching of the toes or rubbing on the back heel. Would buy another pair again if I had to.
B0042AMSWW FABULOUS!!!!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE them! The fit is perfect and they look AWESOME!! I would recommend this seller to EVERYONE I know!
B0042AMTOE love it!!! comfy!! I got these shoes for my mom. She normally wears 7.5-8 and we purchased a size 8 and they fit well. These shoes are so comfortable and especially with the strap it makes it look cuter. My mom had these shoes for about 6 months and the sequins are all still attached to the shoes. Will love to purchase more in the future in different colors.
B0042AMXZE Cutest sneakers I thought about these for a bit before I bought them.  I am a Puma fan and was thinking that I'd try another company's sneaker.  As you can see I didn't find one.  They are great shoes for style and comfort.  And I love the colors.  I find that these are more comfortable with a thin sock.
B00439GCEM Love the puma. I love these shoes. They are slim and stylish. They are comfy. One thing these shoes lack though is arch support.
B00439GCEM Nice looking and comfortable I wear a 9.5 and that is what I ordered and they fit great.  Soft and comfy from the get-go with good arch support.
B00439GCEM They almost fit The shoes hit high on the back of my foot. I bought Dr. Sholes heel gels and now they fit fine.
B00439GCEM Comfortable from the first step I bought these sneakers for vacation and starting wearing them to &#34;break&#34; them in.  They were comfortable from the onset.  They are great for walking and provide good arch support.
B00439GCEM Casual sleek This is a good alternative to your bulky sneaker on weekends . Feminine and cute . Enough support . Good for the price
B00439GCEM Great shoes! Shoes are absolutely perfect! I run around at work a lot and was a little worried about wearing them the first day. To my surprise, they fit like a glove and were comfortable all day!
B00439GCEM Puma shoes Soleil I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and fit perfect to size. They even look cute on me and I have really long feet!
B00439GCEM Love them Very light weight - nice for travel. Comfortable, good arch support. I have a narrow foot and they fit me well.
B00439GCEM Nice for dance but not real comfortable... First off I love the way they look!!! That being said, I had been wearing my cross training shoes that I wear for Step & Cardio  classes to Zumba & Carido dance classes & now with these shoes I can feel the difference being able to make turns & move around easier in my dance classes. However  the reason I gave them a 3 rating is they are not as comfortable. I like to go to double classes when I can so first class is Cardio dance I tried to leave them on for my next carido step but my feet hurt to much so changed back to my cross training shoes, felt so much better...
B00439GCEM To be expected This sneaker is great for walking it is soft all over I love it very much - no complaints on it
B00439GCEM Almost what I expected I wanted a low profileall black sneaker for traveling which is ligher and less bulky than normal sneakers.  This fits those requirements for me.  They fit well and there is a lot of cushion in the ball of the foot, probably becuase this is classified as a dance sneaker.  However, that causes the heel to feel lower than the ball of the foot, which takes getting used to when walking.  Over all I am satisfied with this purchase.
B00439GCEM comfortable i haveworn puma brand in years....they  fit well...they are just alittle bit long..but this is not a problem..will get some more
B00439GCEM Very comfortable I love them they fit well love the colors and everything i wear them with pretty much anything =D =D
B00439GCEM Great shoes! I love these shoes!  I bought them to wear on vacation knowing that I would be doing a LOT of walking.  They fit well and are very comftorable, also cute!  Only drawback is that the sole is not great on wet floors. Had to be careful when walking into buildings on a rainy day when the floor was wet. Overall very happy with the Pumas.
B00439GCEM Great Sneaker My feet are wide and it is hard at times to find shoes that are comfortable for me to wear. These shoes fit the bill. The suede is flexible and soft and contours to your foot. I originally bought them in brown and just ordered a pair in black because I love them so much!
B00439GCEM Comfy and Stylish These shoes fit my foot like a glove.  They are extremely comfortable right out of the box.  Usually it takes me a few days to &#34;break in&#34; new shoes but not these.  They have great arch support.  I have a wider foot than most and that was no problem for these shoes.  They even make my foot look slimmer.  They have a lot of &#34;give&#34; which means they are easy to slip on.  I'm a fan of just slipping on shoes and even when tied I can slip them on, sometimes without even bending over and using my hand.  I would highly recommend these babies to anyone looking for comfort and style in an everyday tennis shoe.
B00439GCEM Fit Great!! I Love these shoes!! The fit is  really nice and they are very comfortable. They look great with skinny jeans!
B00439GCEM Very Comfortable. I've had these shoes for a couple months now and I'm very happy with them.  Like some other reviewers I did notice the decorative bits on the side were actually a plastic deal that is a bit shiny.  That being about the only draw back for me is not enough to make me not like these.  They fit great are very comfortable and are very light weight.  They don't have much as far as arch support but for me that isn't a problem.
B00439GCEM Light on the Feet / Sharp Looking Sneakers look great and are very light on the feet. The size ran larger than I expected. I'm often a 7 1/2 in sneakers, but the 7 is a little big but not too big.
B00439GCEM nice shoe Better arch support than my old Puma Speedcats, so I can actually wear these all day and not have an aching back at the end of it. The laces are ribbon material though, and tend to come untied very, very frequently.
B00439GCEM Great fit, really comfy! I have relatively narrow feet, and these were a perfect fit. Overall - super comfy and true to size. The color is good, and they can be slipped on. They are not slip-on though! From the picture I thought these would be those elastic laced sneakers. They came up in a search for "slip on sneakers."  I am keeping them though because overall fit and comfort level supersedes slip-on for me!
B00439GCEM Looks cute, not sure about support I really, really like these shoes. They have a great look to them - subtly sporty, feminine, and they go with just about anything. I do however have concerns about the support they offer my feet, because I feel my arches aching a bit whenever I wear them for long distances. I guess I would just recommend them as trainers to be worn for an hour or so while working out. For long walks, I'm all about my Birks!!
B00439GCEM Perfect fit! I loved these Pumas! Usually if you go to a shoe store they rarely have half sizes & these fit perfectly! Loved them & you won't regret the buy!
B00439GCEM Great buy. It fit great. Highly recommended Love my sneakers, fit better than expected. Super comfortable is like walking bare foot. Highly Recommended , ready to buy another color..
B00439GCEM The Ultimate in Comfort and Design I find most sneakers too bulky. Puma Soleil is an attractive, low profile, super-comfortable sneaker that, most importantly, offers excellent arch support. My podiatrist was surprised by the level of arch support, and overall quality of this sneaker. Some people might want to change the laces that come with this shoe because they easily loosen. Other than that, I am thrilled  with this purchase and must say the Puma Soleil is the most comfortable shoe in my wardrobe.  I wear an 8M, and these sneakers fit perfectly, and feel as if I am bouncing my feet on a pillow!
B00439GCEM PUMA Women's Soleil Suede Sneaker Black/Steel They are very comfortable sneakers..they look very nice. Also has lots of support .I recommend these you won't regard it
B00439GCEM Very light and comfortable. Shoes are very light weight and comfortable.  High arch support.  Only negative is the quality of the shoelaces, do not remain tied.Recommend purchase
B00439GCEM puma shoes This shoes fit well. I wear them all day at work and they are very comfortable. Pleased with my purchase.
B00439GCEM nice shoes These shoes are really comfy and fit nice, I have had puma before so knew go 1/2 to 1 size larger. Only complaint  would be if socks are low ankle ones shoe rubs against back of foot little sore. got the right socks and are lovely ;)
B00439GCEM Great shoe, great fit right out of the box I ordered these for my wife last month. She could not be happier! She's a petite lady, and it's usually hard to find anything in a 5 or 5.5. Thankfully, Amazon had her size! I should add that my wife is (1) very picky about shoes and (2) not a Puma fan. With that being said, she absolutely loves these shoes. She always worries about new shoes because her feet are blister-prone, but these fit her perfectly and there was no "break-in" time out of the box. . She said they are some of the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn. She highly recommends them.
B00439GCEM Comfortable Love it. They look so nice and fit very comfortable.  You could wear it for any casual occasion.  Even my husband liked them.
B00439GCEM Great Sneaks! I wear these shoes all the time. They are very comfortable. They look great too! I would definitely recommend these shoes to anyone!
B00439GCEM Better than you think it will be I didn't want these sneakers in black but am now glad I was forced into the decision as the black is smart looking.  Looks aside, although stiff when first worn, these shoes adapt quickly and are very comfortable.  They do not slide on your feet or heels.  I would have liked a better insole with a little support but for the lightness and sleekness of the shoe, that is not a big complaint.  I recommend these for more casual use.  They are not for much walking  but they are way better than Keds for simple footwear.
B00439GCEM Impressive I purchased these shoes because I really liked the styling. I wanted something flat, sporty, without the bulky look of traditional sneakers. When these shoes arrived they exceed all of my expectations. They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. The arch support is fantastic and the sole is almost slipper like. They are light weight, yet feel like supportive pillows. I am really surprised. Some reviews stated they were small, others large in sizing. I found them to be on the larger side. I typically am an 8, 7.5 only for dress shoes. I took a chance and orderd the 7.5 (guessing they would be big) and they fit perfectly. They are cut wide in the front and narrow towards the heel. This is a tricky cut to find, but just what I was looking for. They look great with jeans or shorts. I ordered the shadow color, but just placed an order today for the boffee brown version. I wish they offered a lt brown, but I will keep an eye out. Also, they don't have to be broken in, they aren't stiff, a great plus!
B00439GCEM It's Nice But... I love PUMA but these have to go back because the don't fit right. They look exactly the way that I thought they would look. Sleek and neat, so I'm sorry that they don't fit the way that I thought they would.
B00439GCEM love my pumas I got these to replace my old ones. (wore them out) These fit great and are super comfortable! Highly recommend!
B00439GCEM fit wider than expected disappointed in width again as most have been.Missing the narrower fit Puma used to have. Also seem to be running shorter.
B00439GCEM Comfy and cool (looking) I bought these shoes a couple of weeks ago in Dark Shadow (grey), size 6.5. LOVE them! Super-comfy, fit true-to-size, nice color, good support. Really, the perfect shoe for weekends with jeans. The laces are a bit short but they have metal ends which are kinda cool. Would definitely recommend!
B00439GCEM Comfy Cat Puma is one of my favorite brands to buy fashion sneakers.  This particular sneaker is very comfortable and stylish.  The only set back is that they run very big.  I wear a size 71/2 in sneakers, but I bought the Cat style Puma and they were too small, then I bought the 8 and they were too small and finally I bought the 81/2 and they fit.  With the Soleil  I bought an 81/2 to be on the safe side and they were too big.  I didn't return them because I liked them soo much, I just wear really thick socks w/them.
B00439GG8Y Fit as expected These shoes fit my husband as I expected them to.  Since they are part suede, they have to kept away from the rain.  But other than that, they are great.
B00459CG8Q very form fitting, hides sports bra well, breathable good tank but my normal xs was a tight fit for sure.  i guess that's too be expected though as i wear it primarily when playing tennis.  i wouldn't size up though.  it completely covers a sports bra, which i like.
B0045RLWJ2 Great fit, looks cool Always wanted a military style cap since I saw Ryan Moore wear one on the PGA telecasts.  Looks cool, and modern and fits great.
B0045RLWJ2 As expected Nice quality and fit.  Military style was a nice change from baseball cap design.  Come in variety of colors but preferred the gray on black.
B0049J57OM Great, lightweight shoe. Don't expect ankle support. Best running shoe I've had.No ankle support, but that is to be expected with extra light shoes, although slightly more than one would find with running flats.Wouldn't recommend to a beginner, but someone who runs even twice a week would benefit from this shoe if they are looking to improve their time over a specified distance. Lighter weight enables higher speed, at greater muscle/ligament strain.tip: stand on a half workout ball for 10 mins each workout day you're not running, while in these shoes. Great exercise for the muscles these shoes require.
B0049J57OM Great sneaker This sneaker is extremely comfortable, lightweight, and breathable.  Its the perfect summer shoe and I highly recommend it.  Great purchase.
B0049J57OM nice i bought these shoes for my husband as a birthday gift.  they are reasonably priced but do not look cheap. pumas are generally nice shoes.  he really likes the fit.
B004CZCJA8 love love love i get so many compliments on these. they are super cool, i love boxing type shoes and these are perfect.it just so happens they are pumas and they're fashionable but i would have bought them without a brand label. also they are extremely comfortable and offer a lot of walking support.
B004DKPPR6 Happy with these Shoes Grandson needed shoes for track these shoes fit the bill. He is very happy with them. I thought they would need broken in but no blisters lol
B004DKPPR6 Great shoes! The fit is great.  They hug you feet just right and feel like you are barefoot.  They are lightweight and at the same time the material allows your feet to breathe.
B004DKQY0I great shoes Fit well, wear well, feel good running X-Country courses. A great shoe for all surfaces I have run on in the last 4 weeks.
B004DSPKL4 Comfortable I absolutely love these super comfortable sneakers. They are light and fit your foot like a glove and feel like you are walking on clouds!
B004DSTRE0 Puma Shoes Once again Puma came thru with comfort and style. The fit was a little wide, yet still comfortable. I just cleaned them for storage and they with stood the washing.
B004FV5KI2 Great purchage I Received what I expected, and I enjoyed a lot this product. definitely I would recommend anyone to go for it
B004GB0S6U Great running shoes. I would label myself as an unconventional runner. I jump off the pavement onto grass and wooded terrain. These shoes are great for both. The arch support is amazing. The heel is extremely well padded and comfortable. All together some amazing kicks!
B004GB0U6S Great! This shoe fit just as expected.  Note: if you have never bought new leather shoes before you will be surprised, they seem tight and take time to break in, but are so worth it!
B004GB0V3A Cute comfy sneakers These are cute, fashionable sneakers. They fit great for my feet but I can see that if you have wide feet this might not be the brand for you. I wore these in Disney World and never got a blister or sore feet. They looked good too.
B004GB0WBQ Fit for Comfort I wear these shoes at work, since I am on my feet often, and it's really comfortable! It is nicely padded.
B004GB0X8S great fit i ordered these shoes because puma is a great brand. i always order pumas because they fit great and they are durable shoes. they arrived fast and fit and look great. i would order these again.
B004GB10LC Great fit - even for me and my size 12 feet I love these shoes. It's usually really hard for me to find great-looking sneakers in a size 12 and I have resorted to buying men's shoes (which never are as cute as the women's). These do not disappoint. They're comfortable for all-day and provide great arch support.
B004GB11O8 Great shoes as shown These shoes by Puma are lightweight and look good & fit is excellent.  Good for summer & the price is right!!
B004GB11O8 Looks good, but not very comfortable I'm normally an 11.5, but the size 12 Puma is a very snug fit on my feet. I'd strongly suggest ordering at least a half size up from what you normally wear to account for this snugness. The shoes themselves look great, but they're sorely lacking in the comfort department. If you're on your feet walking around for more than 2 hours in these shoes you'll start to wish you had some running sneakers with support or Nike Air type cushioning.
B004GB11O8 Solid casual sneaker Fit and look great. Only knock is a little bit of rough edge on the top of the tongue but they're breaking in fast, so no biggie.
B004GB11O8 Great Shoes These shoes have a lot of padding and are very comfortable. Love the style and have actually gotten many compliments on the shoes. I had the Puma Suedes previously and think that these are definitely more comfortable. The only thing that they lack is ankle support but if you are just buying them as casual shoes then they are great.
B004GB11O8 Sneakers Bought these for my husband he wanted something with green and they fit great and are very comfortable. More for just dressing since the ankle part is low and not good for sports.
B004GB11O8 They fit far-better than I'd expected, and look cool, in a more subtle, grown-up way than most of the crap that's out there. They fit far-better than I'd expected, and look cool, in a more subtle, grown-up way than most of the crap that's out there. 'Good with khaki's, jeans, shorts, without sticking-out.
B004GB11O8 Happy Camper I bought this for a friend and he love it. Confortable, right fit and looks good. I would recommend this shoes.
B004GB11O8 Husband LOVED Them! He got a compliment from a teenager the first time he wore them, so he wears them ALL the time now. LOL They fit great and look even better.
B004GB11O8 great value and perfect fit the shoes arived quickly very good looking fit just right try a pair you will not be sorry, Vender did well
B004GB11Z2 Great!!! Love the PUMA brand and the quality of their stuff. Fit well and was very comfortable on the feet. Thanks!
B004GB11Z2 excellent always loved puma and this shoe is perfect. it has the best fit in comparison to my nike's and jordans
B004GB11Z2 comfi Liked it its great fit comfi. I do personally recommended this shoe ti friends and families.. Even strangers saw it and like it the way fit me. This is a winner
B004GB1242 A very comfortable shoe I love the shoes.  The size is as usual for sneakers, the style and fit is great, and they are very comfortable.  I would buy these again.
B004GB1242 Lightweight and Comfortable These shoes are NICE!  They fit great and are so light.  I've received several compliments on these shoes and been asked where I bought them.  In the past, I have always bought New Balance just for the fit - these shoes definitely rival NB and look much better!
B004GB1242 Puma Sneaker The price is right.  The fit is great.  It is light-weight.  I like them a lot.  You can't go wrong.
B004GB1242 Tight at first, but broke in nicely I have somewhat wider feet, so wearing Pumas is a tossup.  Rightly so, these shoes were a tad tight on me for the first two weaks while i was breaking them in, but after that they have become supple and generous.Broken in, these shoes are immensely comfortable.The only area this I have experienced trouble with is the soles.  While walking in loose stone, the smaller ones tend to find themselves embedded in between the nubs.  Also, in wet conditions, the shoes are much more prone to slipping.  Keep this in mind, else you may find yourself scratching up tour wood floors, or falling ungracefully.Overall, despite its minor failings, these shoes are exceptional and have become one of my favorite pairs.
B004GB1242 Very comfortable (Red & white) Great fit, most comfortable shoes I've owned.Ordered 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear and fit perfectly.Replaced the white laces(which were pink after one day) with black ones, shoes look even better!
B004GB14HM Great shoes Bought these for my daughter. She loves the fit and feel. Great traction for indoor soccer in the gym. She thinks they look great too.
B004GB14HM Decent Shoe It has the same amount of support as Chuck Taylors. Keep that in mind if you are looking comfort over style
B004GB14HM Nice comfortable Good value for money, these shoes are comfortable and subtly stylish. I have big feet and the fit is right for my size.
B004GB14HM Dope Shoes I haven't played soccer with these shoes yet, but they look great and are comfortable to wear around. My foot is a little bit wide and these don't feel tight, which is great.
B004GB14HM Comfy, but wears too soon. This were some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. However, I have two chief complaints: they're so thin and offer so little arch support, that your feet start to hurt after a while. Also, they wore out very easily. I had them just a couple weeks and the sole started peeling near the heel. It's a shame because they're so comfy and look great.
B004GB195E very cute style really fast shipping which i appreciate.i normally wear a 7 but to be safe i got 7.5.  and I'm so happy i did because they fit great.although the back part is a little uncomfortable.hopefully it stretches out.i could only imagine how my size would be killing me.the shoe itself are very cute.i would recommend going a whole size up
B004GB1A8U love them! I am so happy with these shoes. I usually wear a 10 so that's what size I got and they fit perfectly. I love the padded insole- I am able to wear them walking and when I go to the gym. They're so comfortable. I highly recommend these shoes.
B004GB1A8U slick looking fashion sneaker I like these sneaks a lot in terms of their looks. They are comfortable, but given the lack of full support I wouldn't plan on doing a lot of fitness walking in them. The ribbon-like laces are a bit annoying as they tend to come undone easily.
B004GB1CN8 I love these shoes! These shoes are FANTASTIC! They are feather light and very comfortable. While they don't have a huge amount of arch support they are very cushioned on the inside and make walking a joy. The silver is very shiny and the turquoise extremely bright. I couldn't be happier with them!
B004GB1CN8 They're great! They are light, comfortable, very flexible, and they have good heel support. And, not to mention, they are very cute!
B004GB1CXI do it Fits very well on long and thin feet. Couldn't ask for more in shoes. The support on the middle section of the feet is amazing as well.
B004GEAPBU Puma Nightfox running sneaker I absolutely Love these shoes!!! I live on gravel roads, and can walk with ease under such great traction! Also the bright colors reflect well on headlights, etc... So stylish! I myself have an arch support issue with any shoes, so I put in additional inserts, and everything was fine. These shoes run narrow, so I ordered a size bigger for my wide foot, which was absolutely perfect for me especially after putting in my inserts for additional arch support. Great transaction!
B004GEATZ2 great shoes My 3year old daughter loves theses shoes, as well as I do. The shoe fit as expected so order the size you child isin now.
B004GEATZ2 cool Really nice shoe, will order others. Love the velcro and the great fit my kid is in love with them
B004GEATZ2 shoes are great! The shoe is great, easy to clean! The fit is just as expected. We are happy with our purchase at Amazon
B004GEAW8G It is a nice sneaker It is a nice sneaker and this fit the size of my daughter. Not is weighty and the colors are homogeneous.
B004GEAW8G A hit! My daughter got these for her 8th birthday.  She loves them and the fit was good.  She's not a lover of pink so these fit the bill for her!
B004GEAW8G great product Sneaker is beautiful, comfortable i don't know about durability yet since i just bought it... Delivery of this item took 5 days and it was a PRIME item.... so i am very dissapointed at Amazon. the shoe is just as expected.
B004GEAXIA Really cute I'm not sure how comfortable these are because they are very flat with no arch support or cushioning, but they are really cute and easy to put on my 3 year old. They will be great for Spring and Summer.
B004GGTWE4 Super cute Love these shorts for my 5 year old's soccer practices. She was 4 when I bought them & we'd fold them over for a better fit. They are comfortable & wash easily. Definitely recommend.
B004GNQIOE Comfortable shoes I work in the medical field and wanted shoes that were easy to clean. these are it! I am usually walking or sitting and they provide good support for it.
B004GNQIOE I Simply love this sneakers I Simply love this sneakers, they are comfortable, at first they were a little bit tight but ones you start wearing them they feel very comfortable.
B004HD4YXK not quite what I expected Didn't really get what I was expecting... These are like a slipper/shoe hybrid.... No support or protection, they are pretty much just casual shoes... Feels like they will fall apart soon also :(
B004IEOCNA Great cleats These cleats are sturdy and comfortable.  They feel like they have a lot more support than my Nikes. They fit true to size.
B004IETLOA pupillos the shoes fit snugthey are good shoesthey are nice qualitynot great for every day walking but good for soccer ,thanks for the shoes .
B004IPYRLG Nice looking and fitting shoe I was concerned after reading reviews that they would not fit.  But I didn't have a problem at all.  I wear size 11 so that's what I ordered.  They fit great and look really cute on.  Couldn't beat the price.
B004J4X4CO Great Looking, Great feeling cleat! Fits as expected, looks even better than expected. I actually use this cleat for a local kickball league and it works perfect!
B004J4X4OM Great fit Ordered the cleats for my son.  since he has a wide foot it is very hard to find good cleats at your local sport store.  Ordered these and they fit great and they look nice too.  Looking forward to a great soccer season!!!
B004J4X4OM great shoe for the price... These were the first soccer shoes I ever bought... they fit as expected but I did get a bit of chaffing on my ankle, probably do to wearing ankle sock though... all in all, I would recommend these shoes, but not with ankle socks :)
B004J4X5WS Best Running Sneakers To Date These are easily the best running sneakers I have ever worn. I'm someone that runs at least 4 days/week, anywhere from 3.5-10miles at a time depednding on the time of year. They are very low to the ground, enough support to let you know you're wearing something, but not overly padded. I recently tried the Faas 550 as an upgrade, but did not like the feel compared to these so switched back; too much padding on 550. These are also great for training in the gym.
B004J4XHMQ Favorite. Shoes. Ever. These shoes have had the crap wore out of them! My job involves A LOT of walking and these shoes have been great. They fit so nicely and are comfortable! LOOOOOVE THEM!(:
B004J4XHMQ Great price - awsome shoes! These shoes look great, fit wonderfully and at a bargain price! What more can you ask for?  You will not be dissapointed!
B004J4XHMQ Puma rules!!! The shoes are wonderful and they fit good, I lke the colour and the design. The size that I chose was the correct.
B004J4XI1G Nice shoes very nice shoes and fit very well :) Im happy with them ! They fit great and the price was right
B004J4XJ9C too tight These shoes are not comfortable....I don't know if they run small or what.  Also, one shoe causes pain on my heel.  I am usually a fan of the Puma brand....but not this time... can't throw them away though because they cost too much!
B004J4XM5S So great - pretty and very-very comfortable! I got these sneakers in black and white, now I think I want a pair in every color - these are so, so amazing! They just slide onto your feet and feel so comfortable, it's like wearing a pair of supersoft slippers. A LOT more comfortable than I thought they were going to be - even though their shape is very well defined and they hold it, these sneakers are not stiff, narrow or uncomfortable in any way. True to size, US size 9 would fit EU size 40. Arch support is probably not very good though...But they are so pretty! Look great with bootcut, flare and wide-leg jeans (in any color). I love the whole tennis shoe look with thick white soles, white trademark Puma stripes on both sides of each sneaker, and golden Puma logo on the outer side of each sneaker. The upper is made entirely of suede (except for the stripes, they look like they are made either of leather or leather-like material) so I wouldn't recommend wearing them in the rain. Overall, great looking, very comfortable, good quality fashion sneakers, much better than expected.
B004J4XMM6 Comfort Very comfortable. Love them. They give a lot of support. I am on my feet all day long and I can wear these comfortably from start to finish.
B004J4XMM6 Love! I absolutely love these shoes! They are so comfortable and fit great! They are much more comfortable than some of my other sneakers and look great too.  Delivery was sooner than expected as well.
B004J4XNNO Super comfy and great for walking I was looking for a casual shoe that I could slip on, wear around town, wear to and from work, etc.  These shoes are quite casual (could never wear them at work) but cute and don't look absurd with dress pants when commuting.  The first day I wore them I walked several miles; I carried band-aids in my pocket expecting the shoes to rub at my heals but they never did.  Cheers!  Having now worn them quite a bit, including for 4-5 mile walks around town with my baby, I am impressed with these shoes.  The material breathes nicely but is still warm enough to wear during cold weather.  The foot bed is also nicely padded although there is not much in the way of arch support.
B004J4XNNO Great! I love Puma's! They are comfortable and fit great, these are my go to shoes for the spring and fall.
B004J4XNNO Cute and Comfortable. I love these shoes, I work in retail and I stand on my feet for over 8 hours a day and was looking for a pair of comfortable and stylish shoes to wear and these fit the bill. They are way more comfortable then i ever imagined so much so I am thinking of buying another pair. I highly recommend these if you stand on your feet for long periods of time.
B004J4XNNO Comfy and Classy I am a mother of 2 young children so I do a lot of running around.  These shoes look great with jeans, they are cute on and they are very comfy.  On seeing other reviews, since I am a 9 to 9.5 shoe size, I went with the 9.5 and they fit great.  They are also easy to clean off.  I would definitely recommend this product.
B004J4XNNO Very comfortable flats I bought these flats to wear while in Vegas as I need a shoe with support for all the walking I do when I am there.I am not a tennis shoes person as I perfer flip flops but these shoes are extremely comfortable and provide support.The toe areas is not narrow like other style and has an adjustable tab for perfect fit.I am going to buy another pair in another color if they are available!!!!
B004J4XNNO Comfortable, darling shoe! This is my second pair of Zandy Pumas, and I love them, so comfortable, and great neutral color, the fit is great too!
B004J4XNNO Adorable These shoes are adorable and great for summer. They are very comfortable and my only (small) complaint is that I wish the had more arch support (I have a very high arch so I encounter this problem often with flats). I've received may compliments on them.
B004J4XNNO Decent shoes for errands I liked these when I first got them because I thought they provided more support than other flats. However, after wearing them for over half a year, I have to say they weren't the best investment. If you have some back problems, these probably are not the shoes for you. I can wear them on short errands and they do just fine. However, a day of walking in the city or around time, my feet and back begin to hurt in these. Disappointed to find they are not as supportive as I wished. Will be on the look out for better flats.
B004J4XNNO Casual/Dress Perfect Mix Just the right mix of casual and dress and just my style.  I have difficulty not only with size minimizing but fit as I have a high arch, narrow heel, and slight widening toward the toes.  The Puma shoe is comfortable, well constructed, and a very nice fit.
B004J4XNNO Tight fit I still love them but they did fit smaller than I thought so if you have especially wide feet I would get at least a half size up. I've had them for a couple years now so they fit fine now after I did some serious breaking in, which sucked but they look dressy enough to wear with like anything but still a comfortableish flat you can dress down. They also cause your feet to sweat because they look stupid with socks of any kind except maybe the sheer really small socks you wear with shoes like these but the back would still pull the sock down too far and it would start falling off your foot while you walk. So if your feet tend to sweat and smell I would use something to put in the shoe to help battle that.
B004J4XNNO very good I have got it for my wife, as long as she got it she liked it. fit as expected, very comfortable.
B004J4XNNO A perfect gift I purchased these slippers for my daughter as a gift. She had picked them out and posted them to her wish list, When they arrived she hoped the fit would be right. Its not always easy to tell if a shoe will be too wide or floppy on the heel. But that was not the case, She told me that she LOVES these shoes and the fit cold not have been better.
B004J4XNNO Perfect ! This shoe is just what I was looking for. I can easily wear it for work or play. Great fit. Very comfortable.
B004J4XNNO Comfortable and wear anywhere! These shoes fit true to size and are so comfortable I bought several colors and wear them to work everyday. I can also wear these with jeans; so they're fun and versatile! I get compliments on my cute "lady sneakers" everywhere I go.
B004J4XNNO Perfect Go-To Flat The Zandy ballet flat is very comfortable, provides support and is excellent for slacks or casual summer dresses.  I also have a pair in gray.
B004J4XO5Q Almost no support but they look fashionable and last long I've had these shoes for about 2.5 years now. I own the black/pink. The toe has not worn out (which seems to happen for a lot of my worser quality shoes) and they look in generally good condition, BUT there is almost no arch support. Even in the heel area, I feel like I am walking with just thick socks on. Working out at the gym actually makes my feet feel sore when I'm wearing these. However, for light walking and running errands, they are OK. They are also very fashionable looking. As the owner of several Puma shoes, I've found that the quality (and of course, arch support) varies for different styles. I would likely not purchase this same shoe type again.
B004J4XQL8 Great I bought these for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved them.  They fit him perfectly and they will stand the test of time.
B004J4XSKM Puma shoes These shoes are well designed and are quite comfortable, if you like that shoes fit you maybe you should ask widths half number more, because this design conforms to the foot holding it a bit.
B004J4XTC4 Snug push These shoes felt a little too tight at first. I wore them around for a few days to get a feel for them and break them in at the same time. On the first run I realized they didn't negatively affect my form in any way. I love the way coming off of the mid and forefoot feels. It almost feels as though it rolls without any effort on my part. I'm honestly considering using these for my foot work drills just because of the snug fit and wide forefoot.tl;drsnug, sturdy, sprint friendly, perfect for pushing from outer midfoot as heel drops while rolling off the forefoot
B004JF5R1Y Puma Diamond Fade toddler sneakers Love the sneakers, great fit...I would say run a tad smaller , my daughter wears an infant size 4 bought these in a 5 and she does have a little bit of room...very cute sneakers, very girly!
B004JF5TQW Great shoes for pre-teen My daughter loves these shoes. Not only for the color and style, but also for the comfort. They are cute shoes, and fit well. I was willing to pay a little extra to have a shoe that would actually be worn and used.
B004JF5WMI Perfect Fit -Light Weight -Cleats for Kids I was very careful ordering these shoes. I do not enjoy mall shopping (I have 5 kids) and do my best to get everything I can thru amazon. So I was careful measuring my daughters feet for the correct size. I used a CM size chart for the most accurate fit (soccer cleats are supposed to fit more securely than everyday shoes).These shoes fit absolutely perfect! They are nice and lightweight shoes. Even though they are a snug fit my daughter doesn't complain they are too tight (which is a huge plus). My daughter runs her little heart out at practice twice a week and has a game every weekend, so they are getting lots of use.These shoes are a great deal price wise, a good fit, and comfortable.(The laces are that dry feeling material and will most liekly have to be replaced soon, but thats the only bad thing I have to say about these shoes.)
B004K00GLE They're Shoes The outside fabric is almost like a nylon, which was really odd to me. They're super light and almost seem like one single piece of material, which could be good since my last pair of shoes (not puma) began seperating at the sole. Gotta stop dragging my foot so much. They do fit rather snug and somewhat narrow, but hopefully will stretch just a bit and fit to form. Normally I wear adidas, and theyre size fits me to a T. I'm not sure if i should have gone a half size bigger, since I don't smash my toes against the front. Once they start to break in, I will update the review.
B004K00GLE Track shoes Proud to have made purchase of this item.  My 14 yr old loves it and without complaints as to fit and comfort.  Thanks you!
B004K00GLE Fits perfectly This shoe is great for the price and quality. I have played football with it once and it feels great. Replaced my adidas F50 boots that suddenly was tight with these and they fit well. Will update with more usage.
B004KP726G fast, fast, faas ordered shoes on a sunday. shipped from kentucky. received in california on thursday. great service, great price. shoes look and fit great.
B004KP73OC great shoe! These shoes are amazingly comfortable!!  After reading some of the other reviews, I ordered them a half size bigger than I normally would.  They fit perfectly.  I can wear them for 8 hours at work (where I'm on my feet all day) and then straight to the gym for another hour.  At the end of the day, my feet don't hurt!  I would definitely recommend them!
B004MF8KW4 Very comfortable shoe! These pumas are incredibly comfortable and provide great support when golfing.  I really enjoy my purchase, and believe anyone would be satisfied with these shoes.
B004MMFRG4 great fit, look super nice! My nephew loves it, bright red and great fit. Great quality too, after several washes it still looks as new.
B004NTQ52G Going to go great with the Motorcycle I purchased these shoes so that I have something else ducati for when I'm on my motorcycle. They look great and fit perfect! Very comfortable to walk around in as well! GREAT BUY!
B004S08HE4 Love these puma boys pants. Fit as expected, easy to clean and very neat.They have everything I wanted ( pockets). I highly suggest giving them a try!
B004S08HE4 Great fit Purchased these for my step son.  He loves them and the fit was spot on for him.  It has held up to many washings and rough housing and still look good.
B004S08HE4 Nice They are a bit to loose at the bottom but other than that they are nice. I bought XL and they fit like an S would in adult size.
B004S08HE4 Excellent pants Excellent pants.  Fit perfect.  Slimming. Looks good with any top. Grandson very happy with the black color and fit. I support purchase.
B004S08HE4 son loves them! great pants, comfy and fit as expected.  They are a little thin in the material so perfect for late summer
B004S08HMG TOO BIG FOR A 9 YEARS OLD KID IT IS TOO BIG, ALMOST TO FIT AN ADULT.I WASTED MY MONEY WITH THIS ITEM.I SHOULD SAY THAT IS A BIG FIT
B004SH269O Super Cute Very cute sneakers - Love that the insole comes out on one shoe to make sure you have the right fit for your little one.
B004SKQTGW Super cute! I bought these shoes for my 4 year old who needed white shoes for cheerleading.  They are super cute on and fit great.  She loves them and I love the low profile.  Highly recommend!
B004SUANIC Great shoes Very hard to find low profile, nice shoes like these in my size, but this was definitely a great fit. Wear these pretty often now
B004SUANZU Love these Puma's! My husband has  purchased 4 of these shoes in different colors. They fit super comfortable and true to size. He wears an 11.5 and has a very flat foot and can wear these without making his feet hurt. He is super, super picky about his shoes and as long as they keep making this style, we will keep buying!
B004SUANZU Nice suede shoes... Very nice looking and very comfortable.  I am very pleased with the shoes the fit is true to size and not to wide anywhere in the shoe.  Nice deep colors and very soft suede.
B004SUANZU Puma Liga Suede Denim/White These were the first shoes I have purchased online, as I usually prefer actually go to shoe retailers and try the shoes on for comfort and looks. I was not the least bit disappointed in these shoes though. I'm a big fan of Puma brand shoes, and these did the brand right.I wear a size 10 in most shoes, and went with a size 10 even after reading some reviews about them being a bit tight for some people. They fit wonderfully though, all around.The shoe has a simple design, but look very nice and stylish in that way puma shoes do.Would definitely recommend this style to others.
B004SUANZU Beautiful They look great when you wear them on the field or just casually. Good fit and great sole for grip.
B004SUANZU Great shoes!! Great shoes!! They fit great and are very stylish with jeans. I love me some Pumas! I highly recommend them.
B004SUANZU These shoes are fantastic They look great, they're comfortable, and they last. I wear mine day in and day out. They typically last me at least a year (and I really beat up my shoes). I love just about everything I get from Puma and these are no exception. They don't replace running shoes and if you spend all day on your feet they will be sore. Also my feet are a bit wide and they fit me fine.
B004SUANZU Classic My feet are a d width and I am pretty flat footed. Fits nice. The arch gives good support. 3rdair of Ligas
B004SUANZU Snug fit It was recommended to go up a 1/2 size due to the possibility of a snug fit.I had purchased the 10.5 as I always do and they are somewhat small. However, due to the fact they are suede, I'm guessing they will stretch out and I'm not concerned.
B004SYLT1I Very comfortable, good for sports I bought these socks for softball and running.  They are soft and comfortable and fit nice and snug, and I love the colors.
B004SYLYN6 great socks! Keep hot feet generally cool. I bought and wore these in the summer. They're tight around the arch of the foot (supportive, maybe?) but it feels good, even on wide feet.  Happy with these!
B004SYLYN6 Purchased these many times and get a different style every time Every time I have purchased these socks (6 times) they have shipped with a different fit.  Some have been low and tight, some have been loose and and large.  Some have been soft and stretchy while others have been rough with no stretch.  I'm not kidding, I can't guarantee all 6 orders were purchased from the exact same supplier but all 6 have been the same size and listed as this exact style.  That being said they all fit well enough, some a bit better than others.  Good Luck!
B004SYQUEE Fits big -- Still a great sock In my opinion, Puma makes one of the best running socks on the market.  They have great arch support and well placed padding.  For an athletic sock, however, it runs big and it will sometimes bunch up at the toe while running.
B004T3M57K Exactly what I expected These shoes were exactly what I was expecting when I ordered them. They're a flimsy pair of canvas shoes that I bought to wear on vacation to slip on and off while at the beach. They're fairly comfortable and you can wear them without socks, without your feet becoming too hot and sweaty. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a casual pair of canvas shoes, just don't expect these to have much support
B004T9HRAY perfect i'm a woman actually, and i love these shoes. they fit perfectly and i love the colors. might get new laces to de-manify them. plus they are cheaper than they would have been at the puma store.
B004TAAV7E Puma Great fitting comfortable sneaker that looks awesome.  They fit perfect.  The quality is also outstanding.  Many other shoes I have purchased here have been tight and small but not these guys.  They are what they say they are.
B004TLB4GU Snazzy Casual Sneakers These are fairly tight fitting (I had to order the next size up, and they're still snug). Love these sneakers and always get compliments. The quality of the materials is awesome, but word of warning that they have NO arch support whatsoever. Used these regularly while backpacking in France, and ended up at the doctor for increasingly strained feet and ankles--turns out these shoes are not made for long walks. Perfect for shorter outings, though.
B004TLBAI2 Loved the fit, love the design The fit is true to size and the design is great. I get lots of compliments every time I wear them.
B004VKP02S Fantastic I love these shoes. Fit well (one size over norm) look good, and hold up well. I would recommend them for anyone who likes pumas, the slip on style, or hemp.
B004WLEF6S Awesome Shoes!! Speedy delivery and they look pretty cool.  Really comfortable and the leather makes for a warm shoe in the winter!  Nice Snug fit.
B004WLEF6S Great fit It took a little bit to break these shoes in, but after I did, they felt great! And for the price, you can't beat them.
B004WLEF6S Fit perfectly! I liked this pair very much. Beautiful shoes. Although i was concerned about buying shoes online, they fit perfectly. I get many compliments which makes me happy!
B004WLEF6S blisters I have been buying pumas for a few years now. This particular shoe is not comfortable. I have a huge blister on the back of my heel from where it rubbed. I find them too be to stiff.
B004Z0G6QS Comfortable Good shoes, comes with a red eco-friendly bag.  Okay arch support, great for thirty minutes walks back and forth to school.  Love those colors!! Very pleased.  Wonder how long they will last.
B004Z0G6QS Love these shoes These shoes are so light and comfortable. They fit perfectly and I have received many compliments on them. I've had them for about a week now and I have no complaints whatsoever. I've ran miles in them so far and my feet are very happy in them :) Definitely recommend these!
B004ZGD840 Great These shoes fit great and are surprisingly comfortable for such a thin-soled shoe.  I've had lots of compliments on these.  I have worn them for about 18 months and they're still going strong.
B004ZIP4U4 Gort's Girl loves, Loves, LOVES her new shoes Bought these shoes for my girlfriend. She has difficulty with properly fitting shoes since several foot surgeries for an injury suffered from intensive gymnastics training. The constant swelling as well as built up scar tissue, repeat incision sites, etc has made it difficult to find a shoe that suits her needs. Overall, it is a great comfort and offers good support with great fitting.
B004ZIP4U4 great shoes Great fit, great colorI do alot of cross training, this is the first per of shoes that didn't break on me from the first week. They are still intact and in the same great shape they were made in.
B004ZIP5GW Great fit at a great price. I purchased these shoes on sale for $42 and couldn't be happier.  The tongue of the shoe is connected to the body, which looks a little odd initially, but provides a tight fit around your foot.  So far this shoe has been great for light running on a treadmill as well as lifting.Comfortable, form-fitting, and supportive shoes at a great price.
B004ZIP5GW Amazing! Loved the shoes ! Have been running with them since i got them and no complaints! very comfortable and they provide good support! Would definitely recommend and will probably buy again ( if they're still available).
B004ZIP5GW Just what I needed Amazingly, these were sized correctly and fit as expected (unlike my experience with a brand I've purchased for years.  These were just what I needed, they fit, and the price was great.  The only thing that would have been better is to get them in a wide rather than the normal D width.
B004ZIP5GW Best Fit Ever Wonderful fit.  It felt like putting my feet in the cockpit like seat of a luxury sports car.  Thank you
B004ZIP5GW Great fit These shoes are very comfortable. Aside from a small esthetic flaw, they are very vibrant. I would've paid much more for these and almost did from a different site. Over all is am quite well pleased.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes These shoes fit really well and are comfortable.In the princess blue/medieval blue and orange color that I got them, I turn heads everywhere I go.Pros:Great fittingsuper comfortableextremely good looking, I'm always getting compliments on themCons:warmThis is a minor con that really only applies to where I live in the desert in Arizona - they are a bit warm - they have sufficient padding to make them extremely comfortable, but they are a bit warm here in the desert for my sweaty feet.  They do breath incredibly well; but in 100&#730;F+ temperatures, my feet get just a little too warm (but my feet are always hot).
B004ZIP5GW Super comfortable These sneakers fit my average feet perfectly and are very comfortable.  As snug as they are on my feet they might not be that great a fit for people with very wide or high feet.
B004ZIP5GW great shoe It was comfortable from the first time I put it on.  Great support and comfort. I would buy it again.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes I've had several pairs of these and there're great shoes. Great fit and color choices. Very comfortable and light weight.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes! Very comfortable fit, wide enough to fit my feet. Love the overall look and feel of the shoes. A must buy!
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe and great fit These shoes have really held up.  My son wore these his entire Freshmen year of High School.  He walks everyday to lunch off campus and has never had a blister.  They are comfortable and fit great.  Would buy again.
B004ZIP5GW puma mens Everything I expected. Very comfortable would recommend especially if you do a lot of walking.  Puma has comfort n style
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe So comfortable.  I have flat feet so I am very picky about what I wear.  These shoes fit nice. Great.
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable, great fit I got these shoes for my husband to use on the treadmill, and they've worked out really great!  He says they fit well and have great support.  Would definitely buy them again.
B004ZIP5GW Clunky They look slim in the photo.  When you put them on they look very wide.  They are OK for running.  Not much support.Not super impressed.
B004ZIP5GW Puma Comfortable shoes but not very much cushioning in the heel area. Also tongue is completely attached to the sides and tight for my high arches.
B004ZIP5GW My first pair of Pumas I've never owned Pumas before. I usually buy New Balance cross-trainers, but due to the deal on these sneakers, I decided to give them a try. I only use them to run, but they work well. I've noticed an improvement in my running, which I attribute in part to these sneakers. The fit is interesting because they sit further below the ankle than other sneakers I've worn. This is not a problem though, just something to get used to. The tongue of the sneaker also does not come out - it is connected to both sides of the front of the shoe. Again, that was interesting, but not a problem.The size I purchased fit as I hoped they would, but I do have some issues when I tie them as tight as I can. When tied as tight as possible, my feet tend to fall asleep while I run, which is obviously an issue. This was a problem the first few times I wore the sneakers, but once I learned the cause, I simply do not tie them as tight.
B004ZIP5GW Just as I expected. These shoes are so comfortable and true to size.  This is my second pair! I highly recommend these shoes to anyone.
B004ZIP5GW Comfy Shoe Tight fit because they are very padded. Not a whole lot of shape to them so they make your feet look big from bird's eye view.Not a big deal but something I noticed and wasn't super happy about.
B004ZIP5GW Love these shoes. I bought them. Got them super fast. They fit great and are really comfortable. Love Streetmoda. They sale the best items and the best prices.
B004ZIP5GW Nice shoes Orders the Pumas shoes for confort, also like the air going thru the shoes keeps my feet fresh and dry. Shoe fit perfectly.
B004ZIP5GW great shoes they do fit snug.  they also look great PUMA does a rock star job with their designs and these shoes do not disappoint.  look great at the gym or with denim
B004ZIP5GW shoes fit comfortably and good looking i love the way they look and they fit really good..reason for 4 stars is because i have yet to start wearing on a regular basis since it's still snowing where i am..but am looking forward to warmer weather and summer
B004ZIP5GW Am I the new Spiderman in these shoes I like these shoes and they fit well. They were sent to me right on time. When I went to Costco, they called me Spiderman because of these bright red shoes. I have a great sense of humor so I do not care. These are well made shoes and they fit nice. I hate tightening my shoes because of foot issues, so these are better than I thought they would be. Thank You, Patrick, aka &#34;Spiderman&#34;
B004ZIP5GW Fit ok Well made , comfortableColor is cool. They actually run big I take a 11 1/2 I could have ordered a 11.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome Puma Awesome Puma to own.  Awesome Color to have.  Very comfortable, but not much arch support in my opinion.  Very wide toe box which is great !!!!!  Best pair i have owned so far.
B004ZIP5GW Nice! Bought these for my husband in a size 14. it's very hard to find shoes that fit him correctly and these were perfect.he is on his feet all day at work, and says they feel great!
B004ZIP5GW Perfect fit! My husband is a very large man and it was nice to be able to find shoes that fit him perfectly!!!!
B004ZIP5GW great buy, good fit! bought these and was skeptical about the fit, that until they arrived and I tried them on. now I don't wanna take them off. very good product. very comfortable!!!
B004ZIP5GW Really comfortable shoes As a person with flat feet issues and wear Nike all the time those shoes are awesome.Comfortable and great fit.
B004ZIP5GW Great! Great product fit perfect soft heel helps with outdoor running.  A tad on the heavy side but worth the extra weight for more cushion.
B004ZIP5GW Great shoe! They are very comfortable and easy to put on, I usually wear a size 10 and they fit fine, but got a 9 for my dad and those were okay too. Haven't had a chance to really wear them for running since it is winter out but looking forward to it!
B004ZIP5GW Awesome! I run a true size in Puma and ordered these in that size, and they fit perfectly.  These sneakers serve a great dual purpose, whether you're on the trail, at the gym, or on the town.  The stylish black and silver design is sleek and compliments other Puma gear that bears the same color schemes.  Running and walking in these sneakers is great.  Awesome support, cushioning, and shock absorption.  High quality laces are a nice feature as well.
B004ZIP5GW GREAT SHOE This Puma Voltaic is very comfortable.  It is very roomy and a great fit.  I'm not a runner but I use these on the treadmill at the gym.  These are my go to shoes and the styling is great as well.
B004ZIP5GW Light, tight, and cushiony I'm using these shoes for very short runs and walking.  I tried these Pumas at a mall first and felt snug and tight around my foot.  Gave me a nice feeling overall, so decided to buy them. Price was not right there, so tried Amazon --$--much better here.The shoes feel great, more cushiony on the heel area and not so much in the mid-foot area, but overall very cushioned ride that should pay dividends for heavier runners (185 lbs - 220 lbs neighborhood).  Not much arch support.  The toe area feels just right, and the heel-to-toe action feels great, so if you're a fore-foot strike runner, you'll like how the shoe feels. I also happen to like that the tongue is sewn in and not moving around.They seem like they retain constant temperature, so it's a plus for winter, not so sure if it's a plus in summer though.Nice color options (got the black/dark shadow) and can be definitely worn with jeans.
B004ZIT63U Fabulous!! I bought these to surprise my 8 year old, he absolutely LOVES them and they fit perfectly for a growing kid!!
B004ZIT63U awesome shoes my daughter loves blue and our last name is Puma - these shoes were a perfect match for her.  she loves them!  they fit well and they're made well.  Puma's run about a size bigger, she's usually a 2, but we got the 3 because we know.  they fit great, and she's worn them every day since they arrived.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes My son loves these shoes.  They fit him great, they are cool looking, and he swears he can fun faster because of them!:)
B004ZIT63U Look great! The shoes look great, but, because I have issues with my left foot (bone spur in heel) I have to place an orthotic in the shoe. Unfortunately, when I put in the orthotic, the shoe is too tight. I wear a woman's size 5 and these were a 3.5 which fit great, but, if you have issues with your feet you might want to pass on these. I will keep them to wear without the orthotic when I am just going grocery shopping. However, I can not wear them to work-out.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes These shoes are extremely comfortable! They fit well and are spacious in the toe area. I love these shoes and get compliments all the time!
B004ZIT63U Love these sneakers Great sneakers. My daughter says they're comfortable and stylish! They were exactly as pictured and fit perfectly.  I liked them so much that I searched for them in my size.
B004ZIT63U Very good product My son love this shoe, perfect fit and also good conform, I need to ask to put out for a little bit because love this shoes.
B004ZIT63U Nice shoes My daughter loved these shoes when they arrived. Cute style!  They did fit a bit small though. It was hard to find this color of style at any store.
B004ZIT63U A great shoe! My 4 year old daughter loves these shoes.  They do fit a bit smaller than expected, but that is not a big deal.  They have held up well to the every day wear and seem to be quite comfortable for her.
B004ZIT63U love puma only wear puma and love it. if you are on the fence wait no more jump on it..they fit perfect.
B004ZIT63U Horrible sneaker Ordered these for my daughter. For starters the sneaker itself is very hard feeling, no flexibility. Daughter tried them on and she said they were tight on the sides and the heal rubbed her feet. My daughter is tall and thins so not sure why the sides of the shoe hurt. There's no cushion and shoe is very hard.
B004ZIT63U Fit and look great these are for my son.  they look awesome.  he was very excited to wear them. they fit great - he looks wonderful.  as of wear and tear dont know yet - we'll see - they look very resistent
B004ZIT63U Perfect fit for my daughter Great quality and perfect fit for my daughter, recommend to everybody, you will not regret, I just can say THANK YOU
B004ZIT63U did not fit! I Wasted $40 on shoes that did not fit my nephew. I wish they would size these shoes more accurately.
B004ZIT63U Kids love them Bought for my 11 year old daughter .......she simply loves them.  She has wide feet they fit her and Puma stand up better then some of the other brands.
B004ZITHZC Cool Shoes My son needed some new shoes and these fit the bill. Nice fit and he seems to like them, so all in all they are a good buy at a great price.
B004ZITHZC great shoes my daughter really loves these shoes and they look really great on. Light weight and seem to fit with the correct sizing. Very fast shipping and packing was solid
B004ZITHZC GREAT ITEM These shoes are perfect for my niece. They have wonderful support and she says they are so comfortable. Definitely worth the money!!
B004ZITHZC Perfect fit My son is really picky about his shoes. Puma fits his foot perfectly and they look great too. Very happy!
B004ZITHZC awesome Love these shoes and again I'm a lover of Puma. I expected no less than what it is,recommend these shoes to anyone anytime.
B004ZITHZC So cute! These shoes are so cute!  They look adorable on my son.  He has wide feet and they fit him perfectly.
B004ZITHZC Highly recommend. Excellent shoe highly recommended,Looks perfect and my little kid loves them.It fit perfect as I expected, I'll buy them again!!!
B004ZITHZC &#9829; I love these shoes. I had to screech them out a little bit so they would fit my sons feet.
B004ZITHZC Great fit. These were bought for my great grandson and my granddaughter says she loves them.  They are great fit and came quickly as promised.
B004ZITHZC "Fast Shoes" These are wonderful sneakers for a little girl.  My little one loves them and they fit securely and true.  Good Buy.
B004ZITHZC Very good looking shoes! The shoes fit my wide-foot toddler really well and look super handsome. They look very breathable, soft and they are exactly what I wanted for him to wear when climbing and playing in the playground. They have a &#34;sure fit&#34; insole which can be taken out to measure your child's foot which is nice.
B004ZITHZC Runs a half size smaller Didn't quite fit like a 8, more like a 7. Very tight and hard to get on. Look cute though!
B004ZITHZC Great shoes! Exactly as described! Ordered for our grandson and he is thrilled. Would order again. Fit well, easy on and off for a three year old
B004ZITHZC Classy sneakers I love the sneakers on my grandson, they look very classy, but they truly DO fit to size. Alot of compliments
B004ZITU86 Right description I think these shoes are beautiful, I have nothing to complain about except for the fact that, they are a little tight. Other than that great shoes.
B004ZIWJL6 Great I got the shoes for my twins and they are so cute!!! I love them, easy to put on their feet and fit as expected!! Will be ordering more for my oldest son :)
B004ZIXBAY Good price This shoe has a low fit around the ankle which took a little getting used to.  It is comfortable, with what I would call a fairly wide fit.  Good for walking or running, not x-country though, not enough support.  I don't think there would be enough ankle support for serious court wear either.  All round a good cross trainer.
B004ZIXBAY Mixed on these. I love the look of this shoe and I love the fact that it can come unlaced and still stay on (the tongue does not move), but I am yet to find comfort with these shoes! I typically do not have to break shoes in, but maybe these need to be worn a little more before they fit my feet properly.
B0050U20U8 Sparkly fun These shoes fit true to size, Puma has a great fit right liner tool inside their shoes for kids.The colour is much better in person. My 2 1/2 year old loves them!
B0050U20U8 wonderful my daughter was looking for 5 years but shiny shoes that was not too much. these turned out to be perfect and she loves that are beautiful and comfortable. tube with no problem size does not always ask as closed shoes two sizes more than his foot since they grow fast and the shoes fit small with little use after I have no hesitation in recommending
B0050U7C8I awesome Shoes fit as expected my baby love them, he was so comfortable, he uses the shoes for everything, those are really good ones
B0050U7C8I sneakers Love them, super comfortable great fit!!!! True to their size.  Brilliant colors, they appear just add they are in the picture.  Nice laces as well.
B0050U7C8I Love them My daughter loves these shoes. They fit great and look great with jeans or leggings. She also says they make her run faster..lol. ;)
B0050UGDJC Great fit! Shoes were in perfect condition and were a great fit for my little one. Arrived when promised and are perfect
B0050UGDJC Neat shoes Everything was just as expected. Shoes look great, fit, fast shipping, and at a good price. Not to impressed with the light-up feature, but it doesn't take away.
B00517MAKK Great shoes! They are so comfortable, they fit great. One of the few shoes, or maybe the only light weight kid shoes with out velcro. I love these shoes, i have small feet and these are perfect, not looking too much like kid shoes.
B00517RW8K puma soccer cleats they are a smug fit, so I recommend that you get at least a half size up.  My son loves it and couldnt wait to fit.  He is now very happy going to soccer training
B0051DTS04 Really good Fit as expected and it is very durable even in hiperactiv kids
B0051SVQAE right choice the boy look so cute! ...fit as expected...right choice, i recommend you for a 4 or 5 years old boy
B0051W0890 Comfy I have only worn these once, but they were great! I plan to just use these for cross training and they seem great. I will probably put my super feet inserts in these because there is not much support.
B0053A2M3A Amazing shoes! I love this shoes, I had a pair like 7 years ago and I always love them, still I never saw the again since a few months back in amazon so I didn't waste my time and buy them, I still love them, they haven't change anything! they are really comfortable but be aware, I use them pretty much for the gym and a bit of running, but they don't have any support for that! you can surely run a few miles with them but after a few weeks you may feel uncomfortable... They are amazing shoes but use them for the right things.They are a bit expensive but worth the money at least for me, they fit perfectly and look as good as the first time I got them.
B0053A2M3A no support and very thin sole Shoes very thin and sole offer no support......felt like a bedroom slipper.  I returned them immediately.Would last a week if worn every day.
B0053A2M3A Great gym Shoe I bought these for the local gym.  Since they don't have much of a heel I wouldn't recommend for running.  They are very light, 5 oz.  and have a mesh so they breath well.  The nubs on the sole make for great traction, no slipping.  One expected surprise is that they have a very low profile at the ankle.  They still fit very snug it only make them look odd when you have ankle socks on since they rise about an inch above the shoe.
B0053A2M3A Best lightweight walking shoe around IMHO Know these are billed as jogging shoes but was attracted to them as hard to fit and saw these were primarily a stretchy mesh construction.  They fit like a dream and wear them around on a day to day basis.  Great support and have gotten some compliments on them too.  The mesh construction allows them to breathe even in hot humid weather.  Very pleased that Amazon carries them!
B0053A2M3A Not what i expected I do TurboFire and recently started Insanity, but these shoes are not the cross-training shoe I expected. The sole is too thin to take any of the high impact jumps I do with the workouts. They are cute for jeans or running errands, but not for my kind of workouts. If you like super thin, SUPER narrow shoes then these are for you.
B0053A2M3A Awsome shoes! These shoes are so comfortable. They are extremely light weight. My feet have next to no arch and I can run miles in these shoes with no foot pain or cramps!
B0053VMPHC Great Fit Light weight and fit great. I am 6'4&#34; 225 and the waist fits as it should and the length falls right to the middle of my knee.
B0053XSTPM Love 'em! So happy with these shoes. Wanted an easy shoe to wear with out socks and just go and these are perfect. Colour is fun and vibrant. A squishier insole than my other Puma's but comfy. Definitely no arch support but I like the low profile style of these. Want another colour!
B0053YAH4M Beautiful, but no support These are great if you're looking for a beautiful shoe but don't need any cushioning and support. Since I needed them for running and I overpronate, these wouldn't work. I tried wearing them around the house for a day and my alignment was already off enough to hurt. Returned them that day.
B0053YAX28 Puma Women's Bolt is perfect These running shoes are the lightest I've ever worn.  They are super comfortable and have good support. Put a spring in your step.  Delivery was timely too,
B0054D1N7M Order a full size up! For the money these are good, but I expected them to be more comfortable. The uppers are soft real leather that wasn't hard to break in, but the insole is paper thin, so you will want to upgrade it to Dr. Scholl's or Superfeet or something supportive. I'm between a 7.5 and 8, and I got the 8. They still feel tight, and they wouldn't fit my insoles or cushioned socks, so I wish I had gotten an 8.5.  I'm only a B width and there is nothing notable about my foot's anatomy, so they really do fit small. They do, however, help me cut fast in ultimate frisbee!
B005543ZHQ Great Fit for Running Excellent fit for me, nice, comfortable, light, stable, great to start Cross-Training, highly recommended for short walks & home usage
B005543ZHQ Great fit and great seller My husband loves these shoes!  Great fit and great seller!
B005543ZHQ My workouts are so much better with these shoes I looked everywhere to find another pair of these shoes; I finally found them on Amazon.  I use them to work out - weight training, CrossFit and running.  They're great for all three of these!  I've even played volleyball in them and they had great support.
B005543ZHQ 1 size fits all, not so much I cant really review this item because it didnt fit me. Maybe I grew a shoe size over night, or maybe it is just a really really tight fit. But I just couldnt get this shoes to fit my foot. I dont know if it is just improperly label or anything, I am just looking for a way to not blame amazon or puma for this.But if you do order this I reccomend maybe ordering a size bigger than your foot. or maybe it is suppose to be a tight fit.... i just dont know.
B005544T94 EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED Took foreverrrrrr to get them but I am very satisfied with the shoes them selves! Good fit and great style.
B005547MJS Too tight for me. These shoes are overall good shoes. The usual problem with Pumas for me is that they are too tight around the sides and they don't make enough wide shoes, if any at all. I bought these for insanity and they help a lot, but eventually the sides of my feet get sore from the shoes narrowness. Definitely buy these shoes if you can normally wear Pumas without discomfort.
B005547MJS Better than expected. Great love the design. Really light, can't feel a thing, flexible great for weight lifting and light running. Pumas have always been my brand of choice for weight training and after buying these I now know why awesome shoes. Thank you very much.
B0055523LE love these Wish I could find more Puma Bluebird shoes.  They are not real expensive but have a really nice built in contoured arch support.  Nicely made shoes.
B0055523WS Excellent fit Very comfortable. Nice looks. Great construction, I think they will respond great through time. Recommended. Size was perfect, they fit nice. I don't have anything else to say.
B0055523WS Fantastic Love then a lot, they fit great, they look great, they feel great. thanks again for selling these to me
B005552422 Fairly comfortable It was much as I expected for the price that I paid, i.e. not particularly great but certainly far from horrendous.
B005552422 Good shoes They were a little tight around the top of my foot, and I don't even have wide feet! But, I loosened the laces, and they ended up being pretty comfortable actually. I just can't tie the laces.. or run. Other than than that, I like them!
B005552422 Five Stars They are a little tight but will break in, look great
B005552422 Good "light duty" shoes. Really like the look of the shoes and they fit about 90% well; a little tight width-wise. Other than that, I like them just fine.
B005552422 Puma shoes Great shoes as expected from puma.  The shoe is a bit darker than the picture so take that into consideration.  Very comfortable and for a good price.
B005552422 Great shoes Really comfortable and durable. No real arch support to speak of, but very comfy and capable of traversing long distances. Lasted for about eight months with daily walking (about 3 miles each day) but then, like all other Pumas I've had, got a big hole in the sole and I had to toss them.
B005552422 NEVER AGAIN Simply awful - Puma label???  Shoes are cut low, narrow, absolutely no support (no arch support of any kind).Walked today around the city, came home with multiple blisters.  Absolutely does not fit like other shoes I have ordered.  These have GOT to be returned.
B005552422 Great shoes perfect fit Great shoes fit just right. You have to be a moron if you get confused by the sizing chart.  Great pair of shoes!
B005552422 Nice looking and comfortable shoe. I played tennis in these last week and they were great on the indoor courts. I like &#34;old school&#34; sneaks and these look like they came from the 70s. They can be worn with almost anything and don't have the bothersome arch support for people like me who have flat feet.
B005552422 A little bigger than expected. A little more rigid than I expected, moreover, that it fitted me like others I have of that brand.This does not mean good quality product materials, a very classy design.
B005552422 my bf reallyyy love it its perfect, love the look, great fit, just rite I really have to buy a next one looking forward to it
B00555248Q A solid shoe Worn these a few times a week for the past couple months. A good sneaker, though it doesn't have any arch support whatsoever. It does have a little cushion, so my feet don't hurt at the end of the day like they do with a pair of Converse All-Stars. This color combo also goes with just about everything.
B0055524JA nice wanted pumas that were not overly expensive. they were cheap, and look and fit great. i love skater type shoes and to say puma is better. arrived early.
B0055524JA Cool shoes! I was a bit weary about ordering shoes online at first but I'm glad I ordered these! They fit perfectly, are comfortable and look awesome! Best $20 I've ever spent on shoes.
B0055QR480 Amazing fit and variety of colors Superb fit and love the variety of colors that Puma chose for this shoes.It is so comfortable and very durable.
B0055QUAFO Great shoes! These are my husbands favorite shoes! They fit great, look exactly as described. Great price! My husband states they are very comfortable! Wound definetly buy again!
B0055XBD80 Superb fit This is the second time I have bought this shoe because of it's excellent fit and comfort. It has very low profile which I like. The shoe is true to size. It's stylish and funtional. Win-Win. I use it for walking 4 miles a day and my feet are never sore afterwards from friction or bad fit. They are ultra light which is another plus. It's a well designed and good looking sneaker that fits my foot like a glove.
B0055XD8JM nice these shoes where much nicer in person then on line, nice look, well made, and my child loved them. the fit is bang on.
B0055XD8JM perfect fit shoes were a perfect fit, have to break into them and get used to them when you first wear them.very comfy and soft. would recommend to friends/family
B0055XEKDK Puma 2012 I am reviewing PUMA new manufacturing changes.  The straps have been made thinner and shorter.  I have older PUMA's and they fit wonderful.  These just did not fit the same.  The store had nothing to do with it, it is a manufacturing change that didn't work for me.
B00569FWJ4 Great! These shoes are fantastic! They are super comfortable and fit nicely. They do not make me feel constricted. I highly recommend them!
B00569FWJ4 Very Comfortable! I read the reviews about these shoes being sized a little larger than average and was afraid that these wouldn't fit. But I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived and I found that they are just large enough to wear small footie socks with them. If you were to wear them barefoot they may be a little big for a normal 7.5, but with socks they fit perfect. They are extremely comfortable and feel like you are almost barefoot! I will definitely buy again in different colors! Shipping was also very fast.
B00569G3FG Love it!! They fit as expected and the arrived on time. And most of all,  they look awesome!  Gonna buy this brand again in the future.
B00569GKOK Comfy and Trendy Great colors, perfect fit. Love that it fits snug to my feet, its very light and flexible! I've worn it with a casual hoodie or a cute blouse and it looks great either way.
B0056WZN2W Puma rules Love this shoe.  Fit is true to size and I walk a lot and is extremely comfortable with plenty of support.So easy to slip on ..no laces and struggling.  Not only that they are quite stylish!Can't wait to get another pair
B0056YH1PW Wife likes them; doesn't love them The fit isn't perfect on these...but if you know Puma running shoes, you know that their performance fit has never been quite right. Good shoe, not a great one, but if the price is low, purchase them.
B0056YH1PW Sad. I absolutely LOVED the look of these shoes. I trusted puma although I have never owned a pair myself. These shoes were such a disappointment. The puma bag they came in was dirty and  the box inside that was busted up.  I had to consider for a moment whether or not they were actually real pumas. There was noticeable glue around the sides and the top looked wrinkled like they were already used. The soles, however, were brand new looking. Then I put them on. I have a bit of a wider foot, but these shoes just squeezed them mercilessly. There is no arch support either. None. I actually jumped up and down a bit to see if at some point my arch would touch the shoe. After 5 minutes or so, the balls of my feet were aching and my toes were tingling. They're going back to their maker. So disappointed. I only gave the extra star because they are so pretty. They probably don't even deserve that.
B0056YJJNO Comfy I always get compliments for these shoes. They are comfortable but I have one complaint. They have have a lack of arch support. After walking in them all day at work I noticed the lack of arch support. I only wear them for short shifts.
B0056YJJNO Aweseome, but runs 1/4- 1/2 size bigger then reg fit?! I got these as part of a birthday present, and opened the box and LOVED then right away! I was worried the pic online was going to be better than in person, but was not at all disappointed. They are sporty, sassy, feminine, and seem very comfortable with one exception: Slightly too big! I have had similar Puma running shoes, and they wer 6.5S, which fit PERFECTLY w/ the slight big toe wiggle room included. These Puma Velosis 3S are also 6.5S, but oddly about a 1/4-1/2 size too big/bigger than needed for comfort! Hmmm. I wonder if it is a manufacturing mistake on the label. Anyway, love these shoes!!Puma Women's Complete Velosis 3 Running Shoe
B0057DPSQG For hotties with bodies I was hoping these would fit my husband just a little bit more snugly but  the loose fit is seemingly extra comfortable on him. Really happy with the look of the pack and glad there was variety in buying the three together. The material is soft and opens in the front (from the right I noticed... wonder if they make underwear for lefties...) I'm totally happy with them, and more importantly, husband is also. Would definitely repurchase.
B0057DPSQG Weird Fit I described the fit as somewhat small, but to be more accurate, the fit is just a bit odd. When wearing them under business casual clothing or even at the gym, the underwear gives you the wedgie effect. Not very appealing. The quality in general is good, but maybe it is my body, they dont fit right.
B0057DPSQG the fit is just ok If the price is right, I might buy these shorts again but the fit and material is just so so
B0057DPSQG Perfect fit! Quality product and prefect fit! I usually always have problems finding boxer briefs that fit right. My waist is a size large but most fit tight in the thighs. Well for most boxer briefs anyways but not these! They fit perfect! And they sill have a snug fit like boxer briefs should. If you have the same problem, don't worry about these guys, order away! Quality waist and thigh band, which should last a long time. They look great too. A+!! I'm ordering another set now
B0057DPSQG Great fit, super soft. I really like the fit and feel of these briefs. The main seat of the boxer is snug, while the legs are a little loose on me. I like that because it feels like I have good support, but there is not so much elastic that it feels like they are constricting my thighs. Overall, this is a great hybrid between a brief and a boxer.
B0057DPSQG Uncomfortable These fit great unless you're planning on walking, sitting, or anything else requiring movement. They'll ride up in places you didn't even know you had! Presto change-o, they're a thong!
B0057DPSQG great great fit, love the style. dont under stand why you need so many words, but this is it so thats that
B0057DPSQG PUMA Boxer Brief The best i ever owned I aways hated wearing boxers that fit like shorts aka baggyThese are made to stretch and they do, they fit so comfortable,cool, the material is so well made they don't even tear. I tried to tear them and couldn't. This is a big improvement from going from something that fit like shorts.
B0057DPSQG Excellent Seller My husband LOVES these!  They fit perfectly and he loves boxers over briefs but is picky on the way they fit.  These are just right and we will definitely be purchasing more in the future.  Thanks again and I would highly recommend.
B0057DPSQG Iron on label inside sticks to my back side. I love the fit + the shorts but in warm weather the iron on label inside sticks to my back side. It's very uncomfortable.
B0057DPSQG great product !!!!! These underwear are great! they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable when exercising. I would really recomend these because they are cheaper than others but just as good.
B0057DPSQG Very nice but a bit big Really love the colors and the design. However, I should have gone with a small as the cut is not particularly tight-fitting (as I prefer). (Also, this may be because I have a 31 waist which is hard to account for.)Great for the price though
B0057DPSQG Comfort, Style, and Quality I usually wear the under armor but sometime they chafe the skin.  The fabric is soft and they are loose enough in the leg and crotchal region to allow for athletic movement. I love most puma products, so trying these was a no brainer. I highly recommend for active people seeking a fairly snug fit with room in the right areas. Good work, Puma.
B0057DPSQG Great fit and comfort Great fit and comfort and very stylish. Nice and warm in the Seattle winter! Very happy with these. LIke them very much!
B0057DPSQG Love them and so does she... I think they fit and feel great, no grinding as you wear them, no bunching as you walk... loose in the genital area but tight on the legs (just right tight)... get them... my wife loves to grab my junk through them and wants me to wear them (and nothing else) around the house... I'd say they've gotten me laid on their own maybe 25% more than usual.
B0057DPXKC A little expensive but a good purchase. Fit is good even with football thighs ... A little expensive but a good purchase.Fit is good even with football thighsWould recommend to athletes who have larger thighs and are looking for a comfortable fit.
B0058XE0GY Puma Quality! Shoes fit great and are well made. Sturdy construction allows wearing in all weather conditions and they feel like they will last a long time. Also a great maroon color that can be hard to find.
B0058XE0GY Great shoes They fit great! I love these shoes, wear them everyday. Definitely recommend getting them. Very comfortable and fashionable! You won't regret getting these shoes.
B0058XE0GY Great shoes! Bought these after reading other reviews, especially as they compared to Sambas.  Very comfortable and a very good fit.  I like the thinner shoe laces also.  Classic Puma styling.
B0058XE0GY my house shoes I like to wear comfortable flats around the house and during my workout. These shoes are perfect for me. They are a bit narrow but in turn offer great stability and support. In time these shoes will just get better.
B0058XE0GY Pretty Tight Holding up great but are pretty tight for a wide profile foot.  Even though, they have broken in and the tightness is better than them being loose.
B0058XE0GY Great fit/great price. Fantastic gloves, stylish and comfortable. just dont try and type on your keyboard while wearing them as the keysl;akge aavlkjawe
B0058XE0GY Puma Esito Rocks So I tried normal indoor futsal shoes for the actual game. The shoes fit perfect and comfy right from the start. I tried asics and Adidas and they both hurt my feet very badly.If you have a tight fit problem then going to the 'wides' like a D or E size will help. I had a weird problem with asics wide showing up a medium width even though I specifically ordered wide. Sorry Asics, Puma is in the house now.
B0058XE0GY GREAT FITTING SHOES I BOUGHT PUMA ROMAS AFTER READING REVIEWS. PUMA ROMAS ARE CRAPPY SHOES. ESITOS  ARE STYLISH AND FIT I WANTED BURGUNDY SHOES
B0058XE334 Great pumas These are great looking, great fit, nice and light. Puma always delivers. I would recommend to anyone who likes Pumas.
B0058XE334 Exactly what I was looking for Wanted a black shoe that looked nice and could be worn to events as well as just everyday. Was skeptical but I put my foot in and it fit perfectly. The shoe has a lot of heel support too if that helps you at all. PUMA overall is a very nice brand has been my go to for shoes for 5 years now and my shoes have always lasted me at least a year and if you have two pairs to wear at a time they will last you a significant amount of time. Don't think I could have got better shoes for 50$
B0058XEE88 fit is very good Very nice. Fit is true to size. these shoes are very comfortable. very goof quality for the price. i like them very much.
B0058XEOB0 Satisfied Customer...PUMA great fit...comfortable...wear them all the time...thanks a million... :-)
B0058XF1V2 Nice shoe but the strap makes it tight I always by pumas but these where the first pair I bought with the Velcro strap. The Velcro strap doesn't have much adjustment for the tightness you would  prefer. So the shoes are comfortable but are a little tight cause of the strap
B0058XF1V2 Puma Sneaker Had to send back, did not like the fit or the innersole. Very uncomfortable, bought another type sneaker that was much better.
B0058XF1V2 A good choice The shoes are as expected, comfortable, good looking and perfect fit. If you want a not expensive good  pair of shoes these ones are for you
B0058XF1V2 Excellent Product The product was as good as I expected and I really enjoyed the shoes, they fit perfectly, and it was exactly what I ordered.Thanks.
B0058XF1V2 These are Great!! Just came in! Wearing them already. I ordered size 8 and they fit perfect. Despite what others say, I honestly could've gone 7.5 with these. There's a little bit of wiggle room with the 8's but I'm fine with it. Might be a little more snug with the 7.5's but not tight. Anyway, I'm gonna have fun with these. I got them mainly for cycling and maybe some running and driving. So far so great.
B0058XF1V2 MMmmm so so I use these shoes for kickboxing, the only problem I see is they fit a little bit large that expected and they do not feel very secure at all
B0058XF1V2 Comfortable and Stylish. These sneakers fit very well and are comfortable. They are extremely easy and quick to get into and seem to be made for a lot of activity. I like the sleek style and design also.
B0058XF1V2 Awesome Love these shoes. They fit great and are light weight.  They hold up and stay comfortable....would buy again when needed.
B0058XF1V2 Four Stars The sneakers fit perfect and are extremely comfortable!!!
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes Very comfortable as I want it. Great color and fit delicius walking like I don't have shoes on. Excellent Price
B0058XF1V2 Puma The shoe was a bit tight when I tried it on, but after wearing it for a while is has stretched for a perfect fit. Thanks
B0058XF1V2 Comfortable These shoes fit the foot like a glove and are very light weight. Great for walking or just standing around.
B0058XF1V2 Bought as a gift I was worried this might not fit because I bought it as a Christmas gift and then read reviews that it might run small. Fortunately it fit the recipient perfectly (I purchased his actual size) and he loves them. They look very stylish.
B0058XF1V2 Love these Shoes!! I purchased these shoes to take with me to Sweden when walking around and they fit great!!  can't  wait to try them out in Sweden!!
B0058XF1V2 Puma Sneakers were perfect. Fit like a glove, just the way PUMA'S do. Tight at first but once they stretch out, perfect.
B0058XF1V2 Puma Perfection! These shoes look great for either very casual wear or a slightly more dressed up appearance. They fit true to size and are extremely comfortable. They need no break in period as the leather is extremely supple. I highly recommend this product.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes He loves these to ride his bike or just be comfy... very sleek, and fit well. I like them too.
B0058XF60I Great shoe! Fit is perfect. good cushioning. light weight.These shoes look great and are perfect for cool weather/winter. excellent quality of workmanship.
B0058XF6Q2 Fit and fast I bought these for my son in lieu of fencing shoes because I figured the sleek look and flat sole would work just as well at a lower cost and I was right! He loves the look, the fit, and how fast he is while wearing them.
B0058XF6Q2 If You Are Looking for Driving Shoes, Check These Out! These shoes run a bit tight.  For driving, I recommend a half size larger than what you usually wear.  For other uses, you might want a full size larger.The white shoes with the black stripe look exactly like the photos.  I very much like their appearance.The Fast Cat is a high quality driving shoe.  Grip and maneuverability are excellent for driving a manual transmission roadster.  The laces stay tied, even if just single-knotted.  I would not particularly recommend these for hiking or running, because they were designed for other purposes, and they are perfect for taking my Miata through the Blue Ridge Mountains.
B0058XF6Q2 Comfy but a little narrow Maybe its just me, but when first putting these on they had a fair amount of stretching to do, my normal puma's don't squash my pinky toe like these did, after several weeks of wearing though they are comfortable as can be, a little flat with no real arch support, but that is to be expected.
B0058XF6Q2 Fast Cat Love these shoes... I also have the Speed Cats and these are just as comfortable but with better arch support
B0058XF6Q2 Puma Men's shoes Just what I expected. They fit just like a glove will order more in the furture. thank you. Theresa J Ash CMA (AAMA), CPC-A
B0058XFAJU Nice Shoes I bought these for my teenage son. He loves them, they fit great and are very comfortable. Very good value.
B0058XFAMC I like the style These fit tight on my 13in foot. Could be a bit wider seems to be fitted for women!? I get a lot of compliments from them when I wear these seldomly. Maybe I'll sell these to a lady with a 13in foot... great =(
B0058XFAOK Awesome Shoes! Comfortable shoes and they look great with jeans. They fit well and are very fashionable. I wear them to work and I'm on my feet a lot. Buy them and enjoy!
B0058XFAOK Good one These shoes are for my father. He really likes them and says they are comfortable. It's just what we expected!
B0058XFAOK comfy item was as shown, it is a comfortable fit, always like  a Velcro option as opposed to shoe laces. easy to clean as well
B0058XFC7U Puma Faas 800 I run marathons and always have issues with something aching because I pronate - either my ankles, knees, or hips.  Since switching to Puma 800s I haven't had any of those issues.  They have corrected my stride greatly, and running feels so much better!  They are very light weight and breathable.  Another reviewer said the balls of their feet were sore after running in them, and mine were too at first.  But that isn't a fault of the shoe... it is going from no arch support to a crazy amount of arch support.  My feet weren't used to having something push up on my arches, and they got a little achey and blistered.  It didn't take long to adjust, and now I am running pain free.The shoe is a little funky looking.  Mostly just because it is so wide.  But running isn't about fashion, and I will take some funky shoes if they make my knees and hips feel better!
B0058XFJTQ awesome these fit perfectly and are really comfortable. couldn't be happier with them and the great price they were offered at.
B0058XFJTQ great shoes Love, Love, Love these shoes.  Will have to remember the brand so I can purchase again.  Very durable and the fit is comfortable
B0058XFP4A great shoes recieved these shoes for my son , they fit great . May order others for the younger ones , ?
B0058XFP86 A very good comfortable pair of sneakers No laces, Velcro strap, very comfortable, light and breathable material. I love the colour and the fit. I would definitely recommend
B0058XFP86 I love IT I got them and they are awesome! shipping was quick. It came in a nice box. very comfortable. It felt easy to slip on and off. Not really built for Jogging though. I felt like i didnt have  enough medial arch support. Otherwise. I am happy. Very light and cool. very fashionable.
B0058XFP86 Puma Men's OSU NM Sneaker These shoes are very light, very flexible, vey comfortable, and very convenient. They fit my feet perfectly and I don't need to tie the shoe laces anymore!!
B0058XFP86 Walking on air, great fit and good looks Great fitting shoes, easy on and off.  They're very stylish and extremely comfortable.  I would buy them again, they're that good.
B0058XFP86 sore feet... althought these are some cool shoes, they do not have a removeable insole  and frankly they MUST - because we need to put in an orthotic that will actually add some support and you cannot do that if you can't take out the original, or the shoe will not fit properly.Yes, I used to be an orthotics fitter for diabetic shoes - I do know what I am talking about and for the money- these shoes are not worth it.
B0058XFP86 Great sneakers Fit great and are very light and flexible. They breathe well and are a different style from other shoes, well done shoes!
B0058XFP86 Tres cool. My son loves these sneaks.  They're great because they're incredibly lightweight and comfortable, and since he's often too lazy to tie his laces (he's 11) they're easy to take on and off.  They fit true to size, too.
B0058XFP86 Sizing issues First impression is great, despite the very tight fit.My size shoe was long enough, but the width is way too tight.  Oddly, I like the snug fit and the stable platform (easy to stand straight, comfortable walking).  They are light weight and have no strings (yeah !!!).  They are cushioned appropriately and the straps can tighten the fit about an inch.Unfortunately, there are no width choices when ordering. These shoes were sized for smaller feet and smaller people.  I am a D width.
B0058XFP86 Worth every cent Great fit, good support for walking and sporty! Not all PUMAS have  worked this well for me, but these do. Get 'em while they last.
B0058XFP86 Very good Light weight and very comfortable, solid shoes for me.  Also I like that there are no laces, some people like their shoes super tight, I don't.  I suppose this is a solid shoe for the average runner.
B0058XFP86 Nice Looking Shoe I like the way the look but I would never run or workout in these sneakers ! I use them to go to the pool or the beach or if I'm in a hurry they go on and off easy but the fit is very tight I can not wear socks when I wear them
B0058XFP86 Not great The shoe is effectively a sport loafer and as such, it's really tight on the foot. I have totally average width feet and never had a problem with the average show widths, but this shoe is really tight and unpleasant to wear. I suppose it's a matter of breaking them in, but wearing them for 2 whole days, including a trip to the gym, they remain tight and not something I'd recommend.If I had tried these on in a store, I never would have bought them.
B0058XFP86 ok I notice I have to walk in them after it feel right on my feet. Once I put them on they feel tight but once I start to walk it will stretch a little but after wearing it. The sneaker will go back to original size.I bought them to because I will be walking a lot to loose the weight plus I hate to tie my sneakers
B0058XFP86 Look Ma, no laces. These were a gift for my autistic son. He lack the fine motor skills to operate laces and unfortunately for him, most velcro shoes that come in his size are geared towards old men. Not cool for a teenager. Thank goodness Puma stepped up. These are great shoes (I may have tried them on myself just to make sure they looked good). The have a great design, a great fit, no tongue to get bunched up, great tread and best of all... they look way cool. Or whatever the kids are saying now. Bonus: they come in a dazeling array of colours.
B0058XFP86 Puma Osu Great fit and very comfy! They are really light.. Colors are sweet! Nicely done Puma! and no shoe strings.. Bonus!
B0058XFP86 Perfect Was a great to have one puma and this is my second one . It was fit for me like a glove in your hands . Wonderful prodect
B0058XFP86 Five Stars They fit great. They're shoes, what else can be said?
B0058XFP86 Snug fit and light I bought a half size bigger (11) after reading all of the reviews. I've had these shoes for a couple weeks and worn them a few times. They're a little snug (my foot is pretty wide), but I would still consider them a good solid fit. They're nice and light as well. On one occasion I walked a few miles in them and they felt fine. I'm definitely pleased with the purchase.
B0058XFPLS Nice looking shoe meant for flat feet. These shoes, while attractive looking on the website, are actually quite ugly and are not properly scaled-up. While there appears to be some arch support and a clear amount of heel lift in the pictures, the reality is that there is almost zero lift and the split sole with arch support also evident in the online photos, is nearly flat.Fit wise they are exceptionally tight on the toes as they are far too pointy. (a clear sign of bad scaling) Since the shoes are nearly flat there is a massive air space between the arches of the feet and the sole of the shoes. The materials used to make this shoe are also cheap.These are NOT good shoes, but if you have flat feet and like wearing plastic garbage on them, then these Pumas are for you.Can't wait to send these back. Totally disappointed. What a waste of time.
B0058XFPLS Great Sneakers They look and fel great. Usually new sneakers are always tight and take a while to break in. These will feel great on and look great on your feet. recomend them to anyone who likes great sneakers
B0058XFPLS as expected They arrived earlier than expected. The fit is true to size. These sneakers could use a bit more cushioning though.
B0058XFRLG Great look, uncomfortable fit These shoes are very handsome, but the fit leaves a little to be desired. A 10.5 is quite tight on my foot (by comparison a 10.5 Nike Dunk is almost too large for my foot). The fit around the heel is the worst part, it digs into my heel regardless of what type of sock I'm wearing. Strangely enough, it's almost more comfortable to walk in these shoes than it is to drive in them. When I wear them to work they seem to fit better than if I wear them when I drive long distances (these are driving shoes, so that's a bit odd to me).
B0058XFYDC great They fit great, look great. I have always bought Puma shoes from back in the day and they are still made just as good.
B0058XG0H6 Comfy shoes Can transition from casual to dressier occasions. True to size and very durable. Has enough sole support compared to other drift cats.
B0058XGDZA Light and Cool! It is a great sneaker, light as a feather, very much comfortable and it really looks good. It is difficult to walk by with those cool shoes on your feet without receiving cumpliments!
B0058XGENQ Very comfortable I have had these shoes for nearly 5 months and I love them. They fit perfectly. I typically prioritize comfort over style but, for me, these shoes offer a great balance between the two. They have gradually become my favorite pair of shoes for casual wear since they fit so comfortably. My only complaint with them is that due to the lower portions being nearly white, they easily get dirty. Besides that, it has been a great experience.
B0058XGI5A really nice shoes I bought these shoes for my husband and after reading the reviews going a size bigger was the way to go. He said they fit nicely and are very comfortable. They look really nice and I  am very happy with this purchase.
B0058XGI5A Good fit Many puma shoes i have ordered in the past tend to run &#34;wide&#34;. These have been my favorite out of 5+ pairs i have bought in the past 2 years. Good support for the arch of the foot and comfy.
B0058XGI5A Looks nice, but delicate These shoes look great and fit as expected.  However, in just a few wears the leather by the toe is already scuffed and discolored.  I tried being fairly careful, and didn't walk on anything more extreme than a sidewalk, but these clearly aren't going to make it for the long term.
B0058XGI5A Tight fit. Thin sole Had previous Puma shoes of similar style.  For some reason these fit far too tightly and the sole is so thin you feel every rock in the road.
B0058XGI5A Nice design but really too tight. I always loved Puma.Pro: - Nice, minimal Drift Cat design- Love that Choco brown leather material- PriceCon: - Too tight NOT comfy to wear, makes your legs tired.- If i bought a different puma shoes with same size, it would have been too big but this one is just tight.- Typical of Puma that theres always a Thread Stiches that'll rip sooner or later. I know coz this is my 4th( after 2 Ducati puma and 2 Drift Cat) and they give up coz of poor stiches on 1 spot.Tip: adjust your size order
B0058XGI5A Excellent I bought these sneakers for my boyfriend. He is in love with them, they fit him extremely well and they also look very good.
B0058XGI5A Great sneaker, arrived on time I've never wore this type of Puma before, but I've worn them in the past. I'm a size 14 and these are tight. If i had to order a 15 for sure in this type. Also, the soles on the shoes are small. My feet hang over the edges of the sole, causing the white leather part to rub on the floor.With that being said, the actual quality of the shoe is excellent. I can't say anything bad about it. It may be designed for people with narrower feet then my big ol' wide sled dogs, but that's not Puma's fault. And, the packing it came in was great.
B0058XGI5A most comfortable shoe ever. fit great. durable. lightweight. can't say anything better. will buy puma shoes again. no complaints here. I thought they may run small, but because it's leather, and flexible, my feet glide right in.
B0058XGI5A Pretty much as expected The fit was fine and they were pretty comfortable overall.  I was a fan of the Adidas Adi-Racer but since they were discontinued I switched over to these.  Not quite the same but they'll do.  Ended up buying another pair in grey.  The white's get dirty REALLY quick.
B0058XGI5A nice shoe Not quite excellent (a bit small) but very, very nice. Arch support is great. Feels like walking on pillows. K
B0058XGI5A Great shoes These shoes look sharp and are very comfortable . with the thin sole you would think they don't have much support but they do.
B0058XGI5A love the look, love the fit, but poorly made! My grandson was so excited when these shoes arrived. They look great and fit good. but in three days, the panel area where the laces go through separated. For the price is these shoes, this is not acceptable! I'd return them but can't find my packing slip.
B0058XGI5A love them i love them n they fit a bit tight as first...they are great...they are a neat pair of shoes..nice shoes
B0058XGI5A Best driftcat since the first. Ive had all the driftcats, and loved the first ones, but was disappointed with the 2's and 3's.I gave these a shot anyhow, and am glad I did.They are much better looking, and fitting than the past two versions.I recommend them.They do fit tighter than other shoes, at first.Once broken in, they form fit to your foot, and will be the most comfortable shoe you own.The driftcat 3's never seemed to break in well, and the 2's werent much to look at.These remind me more of the originals, even though they have been changed up a bit.Notably, the toe isnt one solid piece of leather, but two separate pieces. I liked the one piece design better, but the two piece design gives it a "dressier" look.I can wear them with slacks, and it doesnt look wrong.
B0058XGI5A Great shoes Puma shoes are always a perfect fit for my son. He wears them to play disc golf and loves them.
B0058XGI5A Love the style The look of the shoe is HOT! Like most new shoes, they felt tight the first time I put them on, but after wearing them a few times, they fit like a glove and still look great.
B0058XGLKC Love them! Received in timely manner and Customer Support was fast to reply to inquires.These shoes blow me away! The fit is awesome. The comfort and support are outstanding!Simply put, these are the best gym / running shoes I have ever bought! Period!
B0058XGLKC Top Quality Shoe and Very Comfortable I am a very picky person when it comes to buying shoes. Since I have a slightly wider feet than the norm Puma shoes fit perfect.I am a big U.T. Longhorn and I have received several compliments from other people!
B0058XGLKC Decent Quality Shoe Did Not Fit Me Well I returned this shoe because of poor fit. I wear 9.5 medium and usually have no fit issues but these shoes were cramped. Also they felt stiff and did not loosen up in two wearings, though this may be a function of fit also.
B0058XGLKC Awesome Fit, Super Cool Cross Trainer I was trying on all the best looking and expensive Nikes when I saw this shoe.  Pumagility in Black and Red.  One word awesome.  They have a wide ergonomic Birenstock type fit for me.  Much more comfortable and Very stable and a good fit compared to the Swoosh.  No brainer since these cost less on sale and got an awesome deal.  I think that durability may be an issue but overall these shoes are great feeling and looking.  Try them on.
B0058XGLKC GREAT FOR FLAT FEET. Minimal low arch support. Got these for my son age 14 shoe size 12. Fit true to size. I was afraid they would have high arches like most, but was plesantly surprised that they have a very low (almost no) arch. For us this is great since my son has very flat thick feet. These fit true to his size 12 and with a little adjusting in the laces it accomodated his thick feet. They were very comfortable. Loved the excellent cushion soles. Felt like he was wearing nothing when walking the dog. Only noiticed a difference after taking them off. His feet were more comfortable in the shoes than out. Great shoes for flat feet, but if you need lots of arch support these do not have it.
B0058XGLKC Good RUNNING shoes. Not CROSS TRAINERS (although, I've found that they work well enough). I bought these because I had wore out my previous cross trainers pretty good.  I do all kinds of stuff; running, plyometrics, lifting, etc.  What I needed were cross trainers, but I want to make it clear that these are NOT cross trainers the way that they are advertised.  They are running shoes, albeit pretty descent ones.  They fit very nice, they are pretty comfortable, my feet don't get overly hot in them, and they offer good support.  Overall, I'd say it's a pretty good shoe.  I don't necessarily regret buying them or anything (I plan to hold onto them) and they're good enough for all the things I need to do.  But I dinged them on the rating because they aren't what they are advertised to be and that kind of thing really pisses me off.
B0058XGLKC fit perfectly and comfortably it amazingly fit perfectly, no complains what so ever. great color and great price. good for running and walking and going to the gym
B0058XGLKC Not for weight lifting or cross training Purchased these shoes over the summer.  Advertised as cross trainers, but they are definitely running shoes only!  They are also sized about a half inch small and tend to fit the toes a bit too narrow for my feet.  I would not buy these shoes again.
B0058XGLKC Happy Feet! Super light weight shoe for running and weight training! Very stylish and true size fit. Great arch support. Reasonably priced.
B0058XGLKC Light as a feather I ordered these shoes for myself, I wear a size 8 or 8.5 in women's and the men's 7.5 fit perfectly. I recently had foot surgery and needed a pair of shoes to wear after the boot came off.  I needed shoes with flexibility, cushion and ankle support.  These shoes fit the bill.  They are magically lightweight and flexible, the ankle support is awesome - the only complaint I have is that the left shoe feels higher on my ankle - - I don't know if that is a shoe defect or my personal defect :-)If you are like me and normally don't like Puma shoes because they have a really high arch on the inside; then try these since they don't have that really high oddly placed arch.I love the color, they look great and I wore them to work after surgery and they didn't look too goofy.  I give the shoes a B+ (I'm subtracting points for the slightly higher (more padded?) ankle support on the left shoe)
B0058XGLKC Great deal. Excellent shoe for the price. I've had for a while and they have held up nicely. Fit just right and look pretty flashy. I really like the puma style
B0058XGLKC The PERFECT pair of shoes for my relay!!! While I do enjoy a good 3-4 mile run, I got these Pumagility shoes because I participate in the Relay for Life each May, which is one hot month to be walking for hours on end.I wear a size 14 wide, so I was expecting this shoe to be a little tight but it fit perfectly - there was no pinching on my heel or on my toes, and no chafing after a run. The wide sole added stability to my stride, which was another big plus.For me, the best part of this shoe is the mesh that covers the forefoot. Why? Because this is the first time in 9 years of relaying that I had NO blisters on my feet by the end of the event - I walked for 10 hours, roughly 30 miles total.The mesh allowed my feet to "breathe" (for lack of a better word) by letting out the heat which usually causes blisters after such a long stretch of walking.I would highly recommend these Pumagility shoes to runners and relayers alike.
B0058XGQWU Not Really for Squash I don't think the product description said "fashion" when I purchased them. It seems to now. But make no mistake, these shoes are for fashion. If you try to push them beyond that purpose you're going to get blisters. You'll find no support, cushion or engineering in this shoe. The color isn't what I expected, either. It's not really white - more white with a strange, yellow/pink hue. I'll stick to my Asics for the court and wear these when I need to paint, or wade through something nasty.
B0058XGQWU great looking shoe I bought this sneaker for my husband and he loves them.  The color is perfect (doesn't look like a sneaker so much) and he finds them very comfortable.  Overall we are very happy.
B0058XH1F6 Poor fit. Very uncomfortable shoe.  Foot does not stay on sole when walking.  Look is sweet but comfort trumps style.  For the price I would not recommend.
B0058XH1F6 comfy and cute Completely comfy, fit perfectly, and look nice as well. I love all things PUMA, and these shoes are no exception.
B0058XH4L2 awesome Love the shoe! Fit is perfect. I smartly ordered 1/2 size big to make sure it'd fit and ahhhhh comfy!
B0058XH4L2 Great fit Love the fit, I wish I could buy more one time.  It very comfy and soft.  My only complaint is the back rubs on your heel a little.  Otherwise its an excellent buy.
B0058XH4L2 cute shoes, mostly comfortable I bought these because I'm pregnant, my feet hurt and I got tired of wearing tennis shoes everywhere.  They fit as expected, I was able to put some half insoles in them and it didn't make them too much tighter.  They bother me a little on top of the foot, towards the big toe area, but it seems to lessen as they conform to my feet.  They are pretty comfy, but I haven't walked far distances in them, or been on my feet a whole lot.  I have a good feeling about them, though.  I really like the style.
B0058XH4L2 Comfy After breaking these in, they are very comfy. Soft, not too tight, and good support. I also like that they go with a lot. I can wear them with a skirt or shorts. A few of the ones I tried in discount stores fit awkwardly, but the ones I ordered here fit perfectly.
B0058XH4L2 Comfy I've been on the hunt for comfy business casual work shoes. I've tried everything from $300 AGL shoes, Cole Haan/Nike, to Target shoes. I have another style of Puma slip-ons that are wonderful, but these are keepers too. I'm usually an 8.5, but sometimes wear a 9, so I went with a 9 in these. They're *slightly* too big, but are perfect with trouser socks. There's a little rub on the back of my heels that went away with a few wears. Cushy insole, but I do have to wear my orthotics with these. No arch support.
B0058XH4L2 Fit somewhat inconsistent When these fit right, they are very comfortable. I have several colors. I have gotten a few pair that the fit is a little smaller than expected.
B0058XH4L2 Good fit Love these, I was worried because some of the reviews said the shoe fits tight but they fit perfect on me, I wish I could find them in a different color.
B0058XH4L2 Great, all-purpose flat I ordered these for my upcoming trip to Turkey.  They're small, durable, and can go with my shorts, maxi dress, or leggings.  They did cause a blister the first time I wore them, but that goes without saying for any shoe.  The cushioning is awesome.  they definitely have more support than a normal ballet flat.  I would definitely recommend them.
B0058XH4L2 Comfort and style in the same shoe I love these shoes! Comfortable and quiet and I love that the insert keeps your feet dry.  No stinky feet after wearing without socks. I also have these in grey. True to size. All around great cross between flats and sneakers.
B0058XH4L2 Puma Shoes I love Puma shoes and wish they would make the Sneakerina again - especially the black/silver ones. they fit perfectly
B0058XH4L2 I love these Pumas! These shoes are very comfortable.  The size runs true.  I walked for miles on vacation and they fit great and kept my feet comfortable.  A great all around shoe.
B0058XH4L2 LOVE!! Great shoe...comfortable and stylish. I was looking for a comfortable flat I could wear with jeans, yoga pants or leggings and these fit the bill.
B0058XH4L2 Perfect with jeans or yoga pants Love these shoes, I have them in Ashes of Roses and am ordering them in Blue Curacao for summer. Not enough support to say run around the city for a whole day on your feet, but ideal for this stay at home mother of a toddler on the go! Can dress sporty on jeans casual and still feel stylish. Hard to find a shoe that does double duty like that. They are also flattering to my size 11 feet!
B0058XH4L2 Puma ballet flats are great! These shoes are great and are true to size.  They are are very comfortable and look great with anything.  I would recommend these puma shoes to anyone looking for a flat, slip on, ballet looking sneaker.
B0058XH5D4 Puma's I love these shoes! The fit is perfect! My feet, legs, and back do not bother me after running distances in these.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! I love these shoes! They are very comfortable and I love the colors! I felt the price was reasonable, and I get compliments on them all of the time!
B0058XH5D4 Above expectations i love this product .. i dont usually buy shoes online because they never fit but these fit perfectly. At first they felt tight but they mold to your feet after couple times you wear them. I highly recommend them.
B0058XH5D4 I love my shoes! These shoes are awesome! They arrived in plenty of time and fit well! There isn't much &#34;give&#34; in the tongue, but once the shoes are on, they fit like a glove! Wearing them has made the shoes much flexible and they are my current faves!
B0058XH5D4 Too perfect. I am somewhat hesitant when it comes to buying shoes online, but buying these shoes was a very good decision. They fit perfect and they are great for running. They are pretty light, and they have enough support for my feet. Overall I love these shoes and I'm happy I bought them. They're cute and awesome for running.
B0058XH5D4 Great! Comfy! Cute! I love these shoes! They are sooo comfortable and make my time at the gym great. I wear a size 7 normally but these sneakers I had to get it in an 8. I don't really have wide feet but I say they run small so get a size up. I am glad I was finally able to get comfy sneakers that look good! I recommend them for those who run/workout.
B0058XH5D4 I Love My Pumas and Amazon I am giving it 5 starts beacuse i got them fast and easy , they are very nice and fit perfect, they were for a great price and I love working out in them !
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! These are the best shoes, they fit like I thought that they would. I wear these to work everyday and they keep my feet nice and comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 I like it I like this puma sneaker, it has great design and style and is comfortable. It has great support . .
B0058XH5D4 great for other stuff this shoe didn't work for me for running - a bit big and the arch is off for my foot.  Good for weight lifting though as the change in form puts the arch int he right place.  A size smaller might have worked better (I wear an 8 1/2 normally but my local sports store usually puts me in a 9 and they have always been great) but my feel swell considerably and that could have caused problems.
B0058XH5D4 great shoes The shoes were everything I expected..and received before the stated time.I have worn them and they were very comfortable
B0058XH5D4 Hate theses shoes! Don't fit right The top of the shoe rubs the top of my foot and is very uncomfortable.  I bought them for vacation so I had to wear them and so I couldn't return them.
B0058XH5D4 Matches with everything Anything you are going to wear to the gym these shoes are a perfect match. They fit very snug so I would order a half size bigger. Not a great running shoe, maybe because they are so tight. Other than that I would highly recommend.
B0058XH5D4 Nice fit Loved the style and very comfortable. This sneaker feels stable and has a complete insert rather than the standard sneaked tongue.
B0058XH5D4 Love these I get tons of complements or where did you get those shoes.  They are function and fashionable, although if you have flat feet I do not recommend these, I have high arches and like how it is snug on arch of foot.
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable I love these shoes!!  I normally wear adidas shoes and I bougth these because I saw them in the a store and thought they were super cute. When I saw them on Amazon for cheaper I had to buy them and Im so glad I did.  They are really comfortable.  I workout alot and the support is great and they fit true to size.
B0058XH5D4 Beautiful shoes fits a bit tight, but is nice and comfortable. I would not really recommend it for working out, but it is a great all day wear.
B0058XH5D4 light and comfortable Light and fits well. A bit wide in the front, but great foot support and very comfortable... allows air flow too.. definitely worth it.
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes These shoes are awesome. The fit was so perfect and the support amazing. I highly recommend these shoes if your work requires constant walking and standing. Super supportive.
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable, attractive running shoe Would give them 5 stars if I felt they were true to size - but these were tight on my toes and the first pair went back. I normally wear a US 9, and size up to a 9.5 for running shoes - the 9.5 was too tight to be comfortable, even though I hated to wait even an extra week for the 10 to arrive. There's plenty of padding in the heel, and I might not even need additional arch support (unheard of for me). I've been having a lot more ankle pain lately, probably also due to running in the cold, and just walking around in these I felt relief. Of course, I have to comment on the appearance: this shoe is adorable and looks great from the top and side. I went with the black color, because I'm always getting my shoes dirty - so glad I made that choice. I'm all around very happy with these Pumas - just be sure to size up if you're uncertain!
B0058XH5D4 A very nice shoe I'm not sure why people are saying these run small. I wear a 7-1/2, and that's what I ordered and it fits perfectly. I was a bit concerned about the "snugness" of the solid liner piece, because I've had an ankle fusion (stress fracture from running!) and at first I thought it might be uncomfortable. Within an hour of wearing they felt like gloves, and have been extremely comfortable ever since. I don't run any more, but I walk a lot and hike, and these shoes are a new favorite. The raspberry color is very pretty, the fit is ideal, the amount of cushioning is perfect, and weight is excellent (not too heavy). Best of all, I purchased these when they were a Deal of the Day, and got them for an amazing low price. But I'd pay the regular Amazon price for these - I like them that much.
B0058XH5D4 Sharp shoes Really sporty and sharp looking. They're a little tight putting them on since there's no stretch at the top but cushy once they're on.  Overall nice shoes.  I've had several compliments on them.
B0058XH5D4 Great workout shoe I bought these shoes to walk/run in at the park.  I exclusively wear puma shoes and these shoes have not let me down.  I can easily do 5miles and I do not get shin splints, my feet and legs do not wear out.  I love that the tongue is connected, so there is not a need to rearrange it from time to time.  I actually feel like I'm walking on air.  Jogging is easier also.  I recommend pumas, and this Voltaic 3 is great!
B0058XH5D4 Looks cool, but it's hard to put on There is no tongue in this shoe, so you can't open it up to put your foot inside.  It is difficult to put the shoes on and take them off.They are also not very flexible soles.  I do not recommend them for dance fitness.However, they look really cool, so if you just want shoes to wear out and about, they would be ok.  I really like the bright colors.
B0058XH5D4 Comfort I totally recomend this product. Personally Voltaic Puma shoes are the most comfortable sneakers. I love them. Shipped as expected.
B0058XH5D4 Don't breathe well - beware of stinky feet! These look a little wide, kind of chunkier than I expected. They also DO NOT BREATHE well at all. After a few weeks, the insides of the shoes were getting stinky. Overall, I would not repurchase.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe, but size not right I bought these shoes for my wife because she was in dire need of a good pair of shoes.  When we got these shoes in and she tried them on, they didn't fit her foot like the ones in the store.  Granted, those shoe were a different color scheme, but the same shoes and the same size, but these didn't seem to have the same width to them.  Anyways, ended up returning them for a refund.  Just be cautious when ordering these as they may not fit your foot normally.
B0058XH5D4 Love these These shoes are very comfortable!  They give my feet the support that they need when walking or running.  I would buy them again in a heartbeat.
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoe They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. I stand on concrete for at least 8 hours a day and these shoes provide enough support to keep my feet from hurting.
B0058XH5D4 LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! Prepare yourself- they are bright pink and really stand out, but if you're like me and into bold colors they're awesome!  They fit wonderfully and have the perfect amount of cushioning and support.  I Zumba about 5 days and week and bought these specifically for that and I am more than pleased with my purchase.  In fact, I love them so much I am planning to purchase more in other colors.
B0058XH5D4 Not What I Expected These were cool looking shoes but they had a funky look on. They looked very wide and weren't the comfort level that I had hoped for. Sent them back!
B0058XH5D4 CUTE CUTE CUTE The tongue of the shoe is built in...I ordered 1/2 size larger and they JUST fit...no thick socks or they won't fit.  Colors are bright and I love them.  I have received tons of compliments.
B0058XH5D4 Great item!! These Puma running shoes are great for comfort have plenty of support. The only flaw I wasn't used to we're the short shoe laces but for a first timer I was extremely impressed. I even suggested these to my Mom who s used to spending over a hundred dollars on running shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Cute shoes, love the colors Very cute shoes, love the colors. Bought them for walking, not very comfortable, kind of tight. I have only worn them once, I'll see if they stretch out a little.
B0058XH5D4 Shoe I cant even get my foot inside they so stiff &hard  I am sending them back as soon as I find the packing slip
B0058XH5D4 Great service! I absolutely love these shoes. I wish I had known about how the flap in the front is connected, but other than that they are perfect, fit well, and I love them.
B0058XH5D4 Interesting construction, tight fit There's no tongue in this shoe - it's all one piece. You have to jam your foot into the shoe. But once it's in there, it's a pretty comfortable fit.
B0058XH5D4 ?? got the shoes, and returned it.  Didn't fit well, tight on the sides of the shoes. I still like Puma shoes, but not this one
B0058XH5D4 Terrible They fit horribly. Because the tongue of the shoe is completely attached, they are extremely hard to get on, and they are very uncomfortably tight on the top of my foot. The length and width fit just fine so I know I had the correct size. They were so tight on the top that they actually cut off my circulation in my foot.
B0058XH5D4 not for me I bought these for working out (cardio, kickbox). Maybe I was just using it for the wrong type of exercise but I can't imagine it being comfortable for running or even walking. Every time I use these, my feet hurts especially around the ankle and arch. I won't be using it anymore and giving it away.
B0058XH5D4 awesome shoes I love these shoes! They are so comfy. I'm 7 mos. pregnant and there aren't many shoes I can comfortably wear all day, but these do the job!
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes These shoes are better than I had expected. I absolutely love them. I will be ordering more of these someday. Came ahead of time also.
B0058XH5D4 Fit & Look Great!!!! Very happy with how comfortable with how these are, fit true to size. Color is true to picture and description.
B0058XH5D4 Love the way these shoes set off an outfit! I loved these shoes, they are so bright and very airy when using them for many hours. Shipping was very fast and easy.  Only negative...the shoes take a few times to break in as they can fit a bit snug the first time! I ordered these in two colors!  : )
B0058XH5D4 super comfy sneakers These were wearable comfortable right out of the box - lightweight, yet giving me full support.I do a lot of walking on my job and these sneakers keep up with me.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! Very comfortable. Feels great during spinning. Would highly reccommend to anyone looking for a great running shoe. Great value too.
B0058XH5D4 Cute and Comfortable. I love my new shoes. They are very comfortable to run in. The size fit as it should. They are very easy to clean as well.
B0058XH5D4 Fits funny, did not provide good impact protection when running I usually wear an average shoe, but this shoe fits tight over the top of my foot and is a bit long.  Also, the first time I wore it, I found it did not protect me from impact as well as my older new balance shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Love them! They fit perfect, are comfortable and all around a great running shoe! The color scheme is exactly as pictured too.
B0058XH5D4 I returned them right away These shoes were nearly impossible to get on my feet without literally hurting myself. The attached tongue made the opening very small, and the fabric is not stretchy enough to allow the foot to go through easily.  Once I did get them on, I felt next to no arch support, and I wasn't even going to use them for running, but rather for a cute shoe to wear when I had to do a lot of walking. They didn't even qualify for that. They're on their way back to Amazon as I type!
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoe I LOVE these shoes! They are comfortable, light weight and stylish! I have had tons of compliments on them and many gave asked where I got them! I would recommend these to anyone!
B0058XH5D4 Comfort and Style These running shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn.  They give me great support while still being stylish.
B0058XH5D4 Killer Shoes for The Price!!! Just received these today.  I LOVE THESE SHOES!!  I got them in Pink and they are fabulous and very comfortable.  I sized up by 1/2 and the fit is perfect.  I like that they do not open up completely at the top which makes for a really snugg fit.  I would recommend these probably in any color and I like them so much I will probably go back for a second pair.
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable! I absolutely love these shoes! They are so comfortable and fit so well! They are great! I highly recommend them!
B0058XH5D4 Puma V 3 I tried this brand at the mall and liked the feel and look, though there is no tongue, it is wide enough to fit right, great fit for people wit wide feet, I decided to check Amazon for for price comparison and found it to be a better price here, I have been wearing my pumas at work, I'm on my feet a lot and it has provided the support I need.
B0058XH5D4 Great Buy! I usually go with Nike but these sneakes seemed like a great find. So glad I bought them!  They seem to have better support but I have only wore them once. Well made and comfy!
B0058XH5D4 Awesome This shoes take a bit to mold to your foot shape but they are super comfortable and are great for running. My feet used to get really tired with my old shoes bit these have a lot more cushion and are great! I would definitely recommend to others!! Plus, they come in awesome colors!
B0058XH5D4 Comfy I love the look of these shoes.  I have a wider foot and they are a snug fit, but still very comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 great shoe my daughter wanted these shoes and wasn't sure about ordering them on line, but we did and she just loves them, she said they are very confrontable, and fit great she plans on getting another pair when she gets more money
B0058XH5D4 LOVE These shoes fit great and I love the color. So bright and fun! I've only worn them twice to the gym and they were very comfortable to workout in as well.
B0058XH5D4 LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! I bought a pair of Puma Voltaic IIs when I worked for Tyson, Inc. I loved them because I was on my feet for 8+ hours each day in 34 degrees and my feet were not killing me by the end of the day.I didn't know how I would like the Voltaic IIIs. The shipping was fastand they arrived in a nice reusable Puma bag. I had previously purchased the Men's Voltaic II, so it was a nice touch to find that the words on the mock tongue and "10cell" on the back were pink. It makes an otherwise masculine shoe look cute.They fit like a glove! I have a wide foot span thru the ball of my foot and a high arch, so the firm support in the middle is great. I like my shoes to fit snug and loosen with time, so these are PERFECT for me!! I can't wait to see the Puma Voltaic IV!!!
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes!! Love my new Puma shoes!  True to fit. Very comfortable. Didnt even need to really break them in. I'm on my feet all day at work and I can wear them comfortably all day no problem. Awesome color too!
B0058XH5D4 luv them these shoes are so pretty and comfortable.  it's like walking on clouds.  i wear an 8.5 or 9, i got the 9's and they fit perfectly!
B0058XH5D4 Nice looking, snug fit I get lots of compliments on these shoes, as they are fun and bright, especially with white jeans. I stand for a living, and the shoes, at least while new, feel springy and cushiony. They are a very tight fit on the top of my arch, so if you have wide feet or a high arch, they are probably not for you. You will probably like them if you have a narrow foot or low arch. The tongue is actually attached to the rest of the shoe and so the shoe does not open very wide. Toe box is roomy enough. I am considering another pair in a different color, as they are fun to wear, but I did take off a star for the tight fit.
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes! I have been wearing these shoes for about 4 months by now and I have no complaints. They fit me snug they are soooo comfortable and the price is right! Awsome product and works very well for my running! Thanks!
B0058XH5D4 Bright and Fun They are better looking than expected. Just a little wide but nothing I can't deal with. I would definitly recommend.
B0058XH5D4 TIGHT THESE SNEAKERS ARE LIKE TRYING TO WEAR A SOCK.  I MUST HAVE GOTTEN THE WRONG SIZE BUT MY FOOT WOULD NOT GO INTO THEM FORGET ABOUT WITH A SOCK.
B0058XH5D4 Great Shoes....love them The fit is perfect, I wear a 7B. Love them, easy to maintain, give great support, feet don't sweat, all around good value.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes! These shoes are really comfortable and great to run in.True to size and a great fit around your toes.
B0058XH5D4 NOT the same as original Voltaic Looking to replace my Voltaic shoes, I tried these out - definitely not the same!! The "Voltaic" has fantastic cushioning, support, and fits my narrow feet extremely well. These "Voltaic 3" however are somehow wider, all the nice cushion around the toes seems to have been taken out and put into the ankle area. Very awkward and not comfortable at all. I can't recommend these shoes, move back to the original Voltaics if you can find them..
B0058XH5PM Shoe Review Awesome look, and Awesome fit. WOW. These Puma's rock! They are good looking and fit better than I could have hoped.
B0058XH5PM A Bit Tight so ware them to break them in. They fit a bit tight so after you break them in they feel OK and do stay on better than other types of shoes I have had like this.
B0058XH5PM Love these! These are great casual slip on shoes.  I love the feel on the foot, like slippers.  Not great for support or any thing other than casual, nice looking footwear, but I love them nonetheless.  VERY COMFORTABLE.
B0058XH5PM not for me. These are probably great shoes for someone. The fit is fine, and the footbed is comfortable, but they're too flat for my taste. After 2 hours of wear, I had to change back into my old shoes. No impact absorption whatsoever.
B0058XH5PM thin extremely thin and light. soles are almost non existent. might be good shoes for some uses, but not for long periods walking. good looking shoes on your feet though. these are tighter than I expected even after reading reviews and expecting them to be tight.
B0058XH5PM PUMA's run small If you know this, you shouldn't have any issues.  They tend to be narrow.  I own several pairs (1/2 size larger than my other shoes) and they tend to be the most comfortable shoes I own (including my motorcycle boots).  I have worn a size 10 in almost every shoe I've had for the past 20+ years.  With Puma, I order a 10.5.  It's that simpleThese shoes fit great, though you do have to break them in for a few days.  After the first week of wearing them (yes, they were tight and slightly uncomfortable for long periods the first few days), they've broken in to be the soft, perfectly fitting and extremely comfortable shoes I expected.  Now that I've confirmed that with these shoes, I intend to order the black ones as well!
B0058XH5PM Great Shoes Comfortable, and good looking. Just what you expect from Puma.True to size. Feel snug, but not tight.Great Value
B0058XH5PM AWESOME! They fit great & no-laces is a nice touch.  Not much padding in the sole though.  I'd buy more Pumas in the future.
B0058XH5PM Excellent! Love everything about these sneakers: the look, the fit, the feel.  Love that they slip-on and off - makes it easy to get up and go.
B0058XH5PM Great Fit! Great Fit, feel and very nice looking sneaker!! The style is fantastic!  A little snug around the top but with wear it stretched out to fit like a glove!
B0058XH5PM Great Fit! Having owned MANY pairs of sneakers in my lifetime, I can honestly say these are some of the most comfortable I have ever owned.  Plus, I love the ease of slip on. No laces to screw with!
B0058XH5PM great shoes very comfortable and stylish but run a bit tight so buy a larger size, definitely would buy again. love pumas
B0058XH5PM Great fit!!!! I am very pleased with my PUMA Tergament Fashion sneaker! It is as exactly as the seller described and made with perfect quality. I recommend this shoe to anyone that wants a snug lightweight durable sports sneaker.
B0058XH5PM Shoes fit well, tongue cover a bit high The shoes are great for quick slip-on and go -- they fit my feet well, as do almost all PUMAs. The tongue cover sits a bit high for my liking and looks a bit awkward on the otherwise sleek shoe. I considered doing a little sewing surgery before relegating these to gym use where I'm not concerned about the looks. I know, first world problems...
B0058XH854 Love I cant say enough good things about these shoes, I have them in four different colors and would buy more! They make my feet feel so comfortable at the end of the day! Nice support!
B0058XH854 Comfy, Cute These have an attached tongue so they fit 'like a glove', snugly surrounding your foot. I find them very cute and have had many complements. I use them for weight lifting and Zumba classes.
B0058XH854 I loved it They came in a bit darker purple than what it looked like on my personal screen, but I loved it. They fit very true to size, however, they may be a problem for wider feet because they're slip- on shoes and the ties are literally just there for show. I was surprised that the slip on style running shoe stayed tight enough to be comfortable and effective, but it did the job.
B0058XH854 love theese sneakers I love theese sneakers and they are very confortable. i love the colors too.I have wide feet and they fit perfect
B0058XHCDM good fit as described its a good fit and is comfortable as stated by my mom who i bought them for ..
B0058XHCDM Perfect sneaker I love them ! Finally a shoe with style and great fit , I have wide feet and these fit great
B0058XHCDM Comfortable, little big I love how comfortable these shoes are.  However, they fit a little large and dirty very easily (what you would expect from white shoes).  Also, the suede portion is a little more of an off-white then true white.
B0058XHCDM Love these shoes!! These shoes are awesome.  The fit is perfect and have great support.  I highly recommend them.  They have become my new favorite shoes!
B0058XHD86 They are not the best... These flips are good for the price but definitely inferior to my reefs.  They do not provide much support at all and you can feel everything you walk over if it isn't a smooth surface, i.e., rocks.  I know that flip flops aren't ideal if you are looking for support, but I have been spoiled by my reefs.  Also, the pink graphics started to rub off within a month.
B0058XHD86 too broad the design was okay but the slipper or flip flop was too broad for a ladies foot,unless you have a broad foot to fit it it may not fit you good
B0058XHD86 Puma flip flops They feel good on my feet as I wear them doing my daily routine of gardening, housework, etc.  The fit is great.
B0058XHD86 money well spent. fit just the way i expected them too. look just the same as they do in the picture. i wore them all summer and they held up to my tough wear and tear. ill be wearing them again next summer :)
B0058XHD86 love them They are light and fit to my foot so my toes don't cramp.  I love them!  Very happy with my purchase
B0058XHEBM Pure Sneaker This is the sneaker you want if you don't want to break the bank. You've got style and comfort plus the original Puma look. I've found that Puma sneakers even at the correct foot size can be a tad bit tight going on (in width). This is a bonus because sneakers eventually stretch, so this extra grip prevents a flat fading of newness for look and feel. Depending on the jeans, the all white with black stripe or black with white stripe sneaker never misses.
B0058XHEBM comfortable! this was worth the risk of buying shoes online,i like how light they are and the fit was perfect.great shoe.
B0058XHEBM Nice They are great sneakers. Fit well overall and comfortable. I could say im generally satisfied with these sneakers. Sizing is correct too.
B0058XHEBM a great sneaker I have 7 pair of puma sneakers.  the fit is perfect.  Great style.  This particular sneaker, although a great style, I had a problem with the fit.  Usually puma is unisex.  I wear an 8.5 mens and a 10W womens.  I believe I would have to go one whole size larger to get a proper fit.  Unforltunately, I had to return this.  I will try and find this style in a puma store to get the right fit.
B0058XHEBM Nice fit I bought these for my husband for work. They fit as expected and are comfortable. He says they are a little bit flat on the bottom, as in if you have a large arch you may need insoles... but other than that very nice :)
B0058XHEBM Great Sneaker I was surprised at the almost exact fit.  Took advise from others who rated this Sneaker and ordered 1/2 size extra from 10.5 to 11. Very comfortable Sneaker.  I recommend
B0058XHEBM Comfy but slim width If you have wide feed I'd suggest a different shoe. But I absolutely love these shoes. I wear a 10.5 but ordered an 11 and glad I did. Fit perfect!
B0058XHEBM Love'em! They fit true to size and are so comfortable it feels like your walking on pillows! So if your looking for kicks with style but also comfortable these pumas are for you !
B0058XHEBM it's a good look. I love it and it fits as expected, so I'm looking forward to do business with you guys in the near future.
B0058XHEBM Stylish and Comfortable These fit just as well as they look!  However, for me, Puma's tend to be a bit smaller than my &#34;go to&#34; K-Swiss.  So, this time I ordered a half size larger and they fit perfectly.I wear a lot of blue shirts, so the blue stripe / accent really stands out nicely.
B0058XHEBM Romas are my favorite shoe ever Love these shoes, they last forever and fit my feet like a glove. Love my PUMA Romas. You cant Go Wrong with these.
B0058XHEBM I likke it so much It's nice,fit as expected. About the shipping ,it so fast. I like it so much. Con gratulation! I would like next time to shorping more.
B0058XHEBM Perfect! These shoes were a perfect fit and look great. However, the description should have said all white instead of gray.
B0058XHEBM Great shoes Bought a half size larger as others suggested and they fit perfect.  Wearing them on vacation - perfect walking shoe.
B0058XHEBM Great shoes! These shoes fit great and the feel good when  walking or standing. They are very comfortable from the first time you put them on.
B0058XHEBM Great sneaker! I'm glad that I read earlier reviews and ordered a 1/2 size larger as they are somewhat snug.  Other than that, they look, feel, and fit great!  Great sneaker for the Amazon price.
B0058XHEBM they are great They are nice and fit right in love the way they fit I will other about it thank u very much
B0058XHEBM puma would fit better if it were a little wider, overall its not a bad shoe, it works for for me
B0058XHEBM I hope they stretch It's probably a mistake to try to buy shoes online, but I've worn the same size shoe for many years so I thought it would be okay to try.  The length is right but the fit is a bit too snug.  I hope they stretch.
B0058XHEBM The shoes were cute. They were a little too tight. There wasn't enough foot space at the top. I guess I probably would have gotten a bigger size.
B0058XHN6I Cute shoes but cuts into top of foot This is a very cute shoe and I wish it fit better.  The top of the shoe is shallow so you saw toe cleavage, which is okay, except the edges were made poorly and hurt the top of your foot.
B0058XHN6I cute shoe, must have screwed up at the factory I bought these shoes. It's hard to find an athletic ballet flat that's not too clunky. These are cute and sleek looking. However, the top seam near the big toe badly cut into the top of my foot. I thought that they would stretch with further wear. They didn't. I had them professionally stretched twice. In the end, I had to cut a small notch in the mesh top seam. I think that no one at the factory checked the fit, or else the shoe designer goofed, I don't think anyone inspected or tested this shoe. Most reviews are fairly negative about the narrowness of the fit, but the company has made some updated colors. Hopefully they corrected the fit problem. I expect better inspection and fit from this company.
B0058XHN6I Comfy but tight around the ball of foot After trying on 7.5 and 8.5 in store, I figured that 8's would fit prefectly.  Well, they are a tad tight around the ball of my foot and so after several hours, they start to get uncomfortable.  However, to go out for a few hours they're comfy and look great.
B0058XHN6I Would not buy again The right shoe is fine.  The left one, near the big toe, the edge is super tight and grinds into my foot.  Very painful.  Not so cute either. They look great in the picture, but when I wear these, or try to wear these, they make my feet look enormous!  Due to the very shallow toe area, i.e. lots of toe cleavage.I own the other Puma Ballet flats which are fabulous, but these are a dud.
B0058XHN6I did not fit me I usually buy size 6, but it did not fit (and my feet are thin). As I live abroad, I could not change and had to give it to a cousin....
B0058XHQMO So light and comfortable! Got these in red and I have to say they might be the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.Let's put a couple of things out there....1. You aren't going to perform any kind of physical/athletic activity in these shoes. They're walking around shoes, that's it. There's no arch support (I insert some simple cushioned arch support) and no real contouring of the footbed or heel cup so support your foot. Once again, they're walking around shoes, that's it!2. Some people (me included) couldn't give a crap about how light a pair of shoes are...until you put on a pair as light as these and you realise how the weight, or lack thereof impacts comfort and fatigue when wearing over a long period of time.3. Traction - There isn't any on a smooth floor. If you're on concrete you're fine. But on a smooth floor such as you would find at a grocery store or almost any retailer, you're gonna get some slippage when walking. There is also a faint sound as you walk from the tread as you walk. Not a deal breaker for me, just trying to be thorough.I work in retail and these shoes are ridiculously comfortable! I've tried Nike Free (not enough cushioning), Jordans (too heavy or overly firm outsole and many other types of shoes to be comfortable in for 8 hours on my feet walking miles and miles...the Pumas beat everything! Try them out, you won't regret it!
B0058XHQN8 love it! i love these pumas, good fit, good look, very comfortable.i would recommend this shoe for anyone, i only wear pumas.
B0058XHQN8 Good shoe I haven't worn these much yet, but the couple times I did it was for a long time and I spent most of the time on my feet.  They were comfortable the whole time.  I got a 7.5 which is what I wear in Nikes and most other brands.  They fit ok, but are a little loose for my liking.  I think a 7 would be too small, so I will wear thicker socks.  For buying online without seeing or trying them on it worked out better than I expected.  I love Amazon selction and service.
B0058XHQN8 Not a good choice for those with wide feet My foot is a little wide; most times I am able to wear the B width in sneakers but this one didn't work.  I returned the shoes.  I also should have noticed that there is no indentation for the arch in the sole of the sneaker.  These are cross training shoes and this one not work well when using bands to do  toning exercises where you anchor the band on the sole of the shoe.  I'd seen these shoes rated as the top cross training shoe in a magazine so I suppose lots of folks find these very good.
B0058XHSMC cute cute cute! The Puma Tekkies are adorable! While they are a tad over-priced (I bought mine only when they were on sale), the are cuter and more fashion oriented than Keds. There isn't much support, okay there isn't isn't any support, so I only wear them when I don't have much walking to do. The color of the shoe is well represented in the picture; more dark pink than red, which is why I purchased them.
B0058XHY3K Five Stars Great fit I really like the way they fit. I would differently recommend.
B0058XHY3K Nice sneakers. I am happy with the fit and look. Always a fan of older style Puma and these are great for walking around or at the gym.
B0058XI9MA Looks better than I expected! I just love the feel and look of these sneakers.  They're nice enough to wear with casual or sports wear.
B0058XIHF4 Great grip! But sizing is small, so get fitted correctly. I inherited a pair of these from my friend. she normally wears 8 1/2 in US women's size and got them on clearance somewhere, did not even try them on at the store (duh) so she could not take them back. I wear between 7 1/2 and 8 but these shoes fit me like a glove - a tight glove, at that. But they breathe so much better than my other sports shoes and have awesome traction, so I love to wear them hiking and when I am doing yardwork... the hill in my backyard is now fun to climb, instead of an obstacle.The only terrain I thought they would be great in (mistakenly) was mud. The spikes are useless without something to grip, and the mesh means your feet will get messy along with the shoes. So stick to grass, gravel, asphalt, mulch, concrete and indoor hard surfaces, you wil be fine.
B0058XIJ2A Nice I love the model, fit how I was expecting, you feel so comfortable when you are walking on them. thanks
B0058XIVRS Fantastic And stylish shoes.  They fit as expected and get the &#34;oh my gosh I love you shoes&#34; comment every time I wear them!
B0058XIVRS nice shoes love the fit, very comfortable, love the color, if you have wide feet or your feet swell a lot you might want to reconsider buying these shoes.
B0058XIVRS Not quite as expected ..so far notice Find them tight although suppose to be medium , especially the back and side of the eel .. that part also looks bulky...yet to wear them all day ... I hope to be pleasantly surprised
B0058XIVRS Bad back and arch support Shoes are light and easy to put on, however the arch support and comfort they offer is very poor, I would go to bed every night in excruciating pain.
B0058XIVRS wow What a surprise to find such great shoes.  I'm hard to fit with problems walking and managing laces.  These are perfect; light, supportive, all-day comfy.
B0058XIVRS Love the looks... Got 8.5, too tight in toes. Got a 9, too big; and still tight in toes.  Very disappointed because comfortable except for that issue. And I think they look rather cool. Not much arch support.
B0058XIVRS Best pair of running shoes I love the fact that there are no laces and that they are so light. Really comfortable and fit perfectly.
B0058XIVRS Puma sneaks - thumbs down Although these sneakers look nice and the velcro closure is a plus for fast and easy on off; however the sneaker is very uncomfortable.  These sneakers have absolutely ZERO support and my sole shifted to the edge naturally so you are walking with part of your sole rubbing on the inside rim vs it being securely cupped in the center of the shoe.  These are too expensive to be so crappy.
B0058XIVRS SO COMFY Great fit! I wear a 7.5-8 and this was perfect, enough space for the toes and didn't hurt the back of my heel. And it's so comfy, great material. Nicely padded soles, perfect for running. Love them!
B0058XIVRS My mom loves it. Perfect fit My mom loves it. Perfect fit  She is in love with these shoes. Comfortable, nice, fast deliver. I recommended. Very Nice
B0058XJ0WI I love these shoes. I fell in love with these shoes as soon as I saw them. I ordered them and they arrived on time and perfect. When I first wore them, they were a little tight. After a few days of walking around they were broken in and felt amazing. I even wore them instead of tennis shoes on vacation because I think they are so comfortable. They are very durable and extremely comfortable. I ordered an 8.5, normally being between a 7.5 and an 8 because of the other review. They fit just right and I wear these literally everyday. I love them!
B0058XJJ88 Great shoes It is hard to find plain white shoes now a days. These are exactly what I was looking for. They fit great are light and very comfortable.
B0058XJJ88 Great shoes I am so glad I decided on this pair. Great fit, comfortable, and great look. I would recommend these shoes to anyone.
B0058XJJ88 Love these shoes! I absolutely love these shoes, but they no longer make 'em. Get 'em while you can! They don't offer the greatest support, but I love them to lounge around in! I'm also not a runner, so I have no insight to offer as to whether they're actually good as a running shoe.
B0058XJJ88 Amazing! These shoes are feather-light but provide a great deal of support. I was also really thrilled that they are so low-profile (read: not at all bulky) and the colors are so cute. Worth every dollar.
B0058XJJ88 Lame excuse for a running shoe Shoes are thin and have no support.  I can't wear these things more than 5 minutes before they are aggravating my legs.  Very disappointed!
B0058XJJ88 Lack support & fit was too small Not what I expected for a running shoe....offered no support and the fit was too tight.  Disappointed, these shoes had to go back after trying one on.
B0058XJJ88 Comfy, comfy, comfy Got these shoes because of the color and need for good walking shoes. The shoes arrived, and the box read &#34;running shoes.&#34; Totally not being a runner, I was skeptical. Well, they are VERY light weight, flexible, breathable. Wore them on international flight with no problems, and my feet did not hurt at all. They were my go-to shoes when walking endlessly around the city in Europe. Arch support is adequate, which is why I prefer Puma.
B0058XJJ88 definitely get what you pay for I opened up the box and was slightly disappointed.  I got these for $37,and it shows.  They are VERY thin, and there really isn't anything to the bottoms of the shoe.  I am going to keep them more for just wearing them out and about because I like the style of them.  However, they are definitely not running shoes FOR SURE.  I am an avid runner and would never put these on my feet to run.  No support.  The shoelaces came frayed as well, and I will have to replace them because I'm not sure how long they will actually hold up.  Nice style, just not what I was expecting support wise.
B0058XJJ88 LOVE these shoes! First found these at DSW and they no longer carry them so was thrilled to find them on Amazon.  Perfect for day to day walking shoes for those hard to fit feet as they do not rub and require no break in and breathe!  Very stylish too!
B0058XJJ88 A great lifting shoe! I was interested in these initially because they look great and appeared to be low profile.  Once I received and tried them on, I was in love!  I'm not a runner at all, so I can't say how they perform as a running shoe.  The sole isn't very thick, although they are very comfortable, and there isn't much arch support.  Both of which work in my favor as I prefer lifting weights and don't have very high arches!  I even prefer these to my Merrell Pace Gloves.
B0058XJJ88 Great At first I was a little worried not trying the shoes on myself & ordering online, but they were a great buy. They were less expensive here than in the local shoe store and were just as expected.
B0058XJS0C Puma Women's Sneakers The shoes are well-made, fashionable and fit well. I find Puma shoes to be consistently good. They arrived promptly, and I would recommend them.
B0058XJS0C Fashionable Shoe, but no support I wanted to love these shoes, especially because I bought them for about 75% less than the price in the store. The shoes are very cute, and fit true to size. I didn't realize that there is absolutely no support in these. A somewhat cushy footbed, but the whole structure of the shoe is so flimsy. I know that this is the new style of running shoes, but I really don't like it. After a 20 minute walk my ankles will start to ache from trying to stabilize my foot in the shoe.
B0058XKRM0 Good price for cute sneaker. They are worth the price. If you have a wide arch or feet, then these may not be for you. I had to stretch them a bit. Otherwise they are good.
B0058XKSCY Great Buy Got these for my wife to do zumba in and she loves them. Fit her great and provides the support and stability she was looking for.
B0058XKSCY Returned I returned these shoes.  They did not look or feel as though they would hold up well.  They fit true to size but were not very comfortable.  These were returned.
B0058XKUMM LOVE THESE SHOES! I'm not a big Puma shoe fan but these I had to have! The colors are subtle yet pop, I would def recommend getting these shoes to wear all year round. Love them!
B0058XKUMM Why i Love Puma? This sneaker is a true fit,  With puma, i don't have to worry if the sneaker will fit. if it is a nine it fits like a nine.  I would recommend it to all my friends.
B0058ZYXFA Perfect Fit! Great shoes. Very durable and comfortable. I highly recommend PUMA. Used to only use for leisure, but now for sports also.
B0058ZYXFA Puma cross-training Shoes were a perfect fit, and the colors were just as I ordered.  The shoes shipped fast. I use these for weight training, and only in the gym.
B005901UOG Great Support and Comfort!!! I am no stranger to the Puma shoe, I was a fan a few years ago when Puma introduce the Puma shoe with the flat soles and the beautiful colors that they came in but this shoe offers more than just the beauty that the other. These Puma shoes offer great support for everyone even disabled people such as myself. The design is very practical  and the ankle and heel support that they offer is greatly appreciated. A few years ago I was in an accident that left me with a foot drop and nerve damage that has improved but, I couldn't wear shoes without my AFO (ankle-foot orthotic) brace most of the time. These shoes gave me the support where I didn't have to wear the brace and my balance was just fine.The colors stand out, but the neon green on the back of the shoes offer you a safety feature if you jog late in the evening or before dawn you won't be missed by other people or possible hazzards. The only "Con" that I have with these shoes will have to be that there is really not enough brand recognition so that people will know what type of shoes you are wearing. Many people admired the shoes but I was constantly being asked what type of shoes I was wearing. I just thing that the name or the puma itself could have been more prominently displayed and this will help advertise the shoes.Overall I would love to get another pair of these shoes in another color and I would recommend them to my family and friends.
B005901UOG Great fit, flexible and functional I got these cross-trainers for my aunt, who has a large but narrow foot and has trouble finding work out gear that is comfortable and also provides adequate support. She loves these Pumas!The shoe is a very good fit and not too wide, as is the case with some other premium brands she's tried. She likes the snug heel and the very flexible mid-sole. Another great feature is that the shoes are very light weight, which is important when you wear a large size.The only reason I'm not rating these cross-trainers a 5 is that they are an odd color combination -- gray mesh with a broad, purple vinyl stripe and bright chartreuse outer soles. The overall effect is OK for running or at the gym, but they look a bit clownish when worn on the street.
B005901UOG Wonderful shoes I got these for my daughter.  She does not use them for cross-training but just for regular walking.  The thing about them is that they are so stylish - even elegant - that you almost don't want to wear them down by running.  In any case, they provide great comfort and are quite durable.  So, for you runners who both want to run well and make a fashion statement, these shoes will fit the bill.
B005901UOG perfect I have at least 20 pairs of sneakers that I use but none of them are as comfortable as this one.  I walk on my treadmill and on occasion, I do aerobics.First let me say, these are so cool looking.  They have a mesh upper so they are really cool and lightweight.  They have a nice sole so you don't slip and it really gives you great traction.They do run true to size and I can even put on a light sock with these.I have all brands but none of them are PUMA and now I actually think I am converted to a PUMA user.  They fit really nice in the toes, not too tight.  Your foot just slips in and the laces are well placed.  i walked the first time for almost an hour and my feet were feeling good.  My back was good too.  These have some kind of support in them that keep you walking up straight, if that makes any sense.I really love these sneakers.  Not only do they look good but they are very functional and I actually can't wait until tomorrow so I can work out again.If you're in the market for a great sneaker, and you just can't find one, give these a try.  you really might be surprised.
B005901UOG Cute but not great for workouts These shoes are really adorable and had great cross-training workout reviews online, so I ordered them.  The fit was wonderful--right on, and nice and wide (which I need).  However, the first time I wore them to my high-impact aerobics class, I knew instantly that they were not going to provide the level of support that I need from a cross-training shoe.  The shoe needs a lot more cushioning in the toes, but that would ruin the great lines that the shoe has.  I don't even think they would make great running shoes, because I can really feel the lack of support in my knees when I walk in them, but I love to wear them for casual wear and at work.
B005901UOG Lighten up with this sneaker! I ordered these for my daughter, but since the two of us have the roughly the same size foot I was able to sneak in a trial fitting myself, too. I ordered a 6.5 and found that they fit me very well when I typically wear either a 6 or 7 depending on the brand. I have a slightly wide foot and these were very comfortable.The picture you see is incredibly accurate for coloring. These are a great neutral with fun bright accents and my 23 year old loves the look. I would wear them to the gym but probably would be self-conscious wearing them out and about myself. Not a problem since she took them and ran, quite literally. The only thing that might not show clearly is how lightweight the grey fabric is on the upper. It is slightly textured and breathable and the entire shoe is very flexible and light.There is no significant arch support, though these are very comfortable without it. For those who are serious about support in the arch, slide in arch supports could be substituted. Our entire family tends to pull the base of the shoe and use custom or semi-custom running supports for greater support in all of our shoes and sneakers.Great style, good buy, worth a try!
B005901UOG Excellent Shoes! I ordered these Puma Pumagility Cross-training shoes for a friend who had been complaining about her feet hurting after a workout. My initial observation of them was that they appeared to be well-constructed and fairly light weight. After my friend wore them to the gym a few times, she said that they were very comfortable, particularly in the area of the heel, which is where she had been having trouble. The shoes fit well, with plenty of toe room. She also said that the shoes were quite nicely balanced, giving a sense of stability which enhanced her workout routine. Over all, these shoes were a great help to her and have made her workouts more enjoyable and productive.
B005901UOG Very comfortable shoes! These shoes have excellent support and are very comfortable. They also are made of material which is very breathable which is important in hot climates like where I live. The only thing that I noticed was that the support for the arch could be better for those who have a high arch. Otherwise, they are durable, comfortable, fit great, and work really well if you are on your feet all day! Would recommend.
B005901UOG Accurate sizing, fun colors, great support HOW I USE THESE: I like to run, but I haven't tried them for that because I had knee surgery two months ago and am not yet cleared to run. I have worn these for long walks (by myself, with two dogs, and with two kids), physical therapy appointments (including lunges, squats, and heel raises), and cardio machines (elliptical and bike mostly). I have rheumatoid arthritis in addition to the recent knee surgery, so support and comfort are crucial to me, and these definitely met my needs.SIZING: I usually wear an 8 and ordered an 8. They fit perfectly, so they are true to size.COLOR: The picture on my screen was an exact representation of the real-life color. If you look at the picture, you can note that the purple Puma swoosh on the side is a little more of a classic purple color while the base of the shoe is slightly more plum. The lime green areas are BRIGHT, but I like it that way. Unlike the picture, though, the gray Puma embroidered at the toe isn't very obvious, nor is the texture on the gray fabric toward the toe. The texture near the heel is pronounced, though, and looks very nice.SUPPORT/COMFORT: I was worried these might not provide enough support, because the toe box is on the roomy side and because I couldn't feel much to any arch support, which I usually need. However, these are now my go-to sneakers for working out and wearing around town.COMPARISON TO OTHER BRANDS: I've used New Balance, Saucony, and Nike in the past, and these are my favorite. I haven't worn Pumas since middle school, so I can't compare them to other Pumas.
B005902WHA excellent Fit's like I expected, designed with light weight and it's looks good and also, it's comes on time! A good deal
B005904BRE Surprised me I've only had these for a few days, used them for walking and just today for my Monday back-to-back Bootcamp and Zumba Class. First let me say that Puma doesn't disappoint on the design front, looks-wise I've always admired their shoes. I have the grey/dewberry combo and it goes great with my Zumba highlighter green outfits. =) Good thing I got a 9.5 B, I'm usually a 9 in Asics or any other brand, so these fit just right, a 9 would've been short, so fit-wise these are perfect. Their very light too, cushion, for me I would've wanted something cushier but having used them their ok. For my medium arches, I thought I'd need more arch support, but so far my feet aren't complaining. Now what I thought would bug me a lot is at the sole, specifically at the forefoot. I don't know what it's called but there's a horizontal plastic part I feel right under the ball of my foot, I assume it's to help you in running. I thought with the, for me, just adequate cushioning, that this would be a problem.For walking it was fine, I'd sprint in it for a few meters just to try it out and it felt ok, almost didn't notice it. I tried this for my Bootcamp class and I have to say I like the shoes stability for this, it suprised me here, also since it's very light it was very easy to work out in. Now on to Zumba, where for me this would be a true test for this running shoe, and I'm not a fan of using running shoes for cardio classes, always preferring Cross trainers and with good reason. So here's where I don't like running shoes for Zumba, the soles are not flat enough and these were a bit grippy, good thing they were light so it wasn't that bad for the twists and turns. And then again the floor may have also been tacky, so it didn't help. For the parts were there were plyos, again pleasantly surprised these shoes cushioning worked very well. Now that plastic bar part at the forefoot, not so good, by classes' end and after all the plyos, my big toes were getting numb. These never happen when I use cross trainers. So maybe I'll just use these for bootcamp, walks and weights work where their stability will shine. For Zumba, maybe not that often.Final verdict: nicely made,good looking shoe, comfy enough. Puma surprised me here and I will buy from them again.UPDATE:Used this for a few more classes, specifically Body Combat, which is very high impact, back-to-back with a Zumba class. This time my feet and knees were sore. There really just isn't enough cushioning for me. So I use it for light impact classes as it's still a very stylish shoe and comfy for none demanding workouts.
B005907YEG Pumas I thought these shoes were super cute and wanted them as my new workout shoes. Turns out they dont have very much arch support and leave my feet aching after a long workout. Still cute though.
B005908V0M Love these shoes! I researched cross trainers and this was one of the top rated brands. Love the look and they are super comfy with enough support for a good work out!
B005908V0M Love my shoes! I was a bit surprised to find out that the tongue of the shoe was attached. So when it's brand new it is a bit tight to get into. It may have been in the description and I'll admit I may not have read it very closely. I actually love that the tongue is attached and I LOVE these shoes! I wear them all the time and have had them a year already and they aren't showing any signs of wear yet. I will be buying this brand again.
B00591BYFK Great, comfortable shoes This pair of shoes arrived quickly and as expected.  They are very comfortable and look awesome.  I usually wear size 8.5 in other shoe brands, but I wear a 9 in Puma shoes.
B00591O4VQ thought they where white they fit as expected and they are OK but I thought they where white
B00593Z8QO Great sneakers! My daughter already have two others puma sneakers and they are good looking, easy to clean, fit great and comfortable! Always a good choice!
B00593Z8QO Sleek style, but not durable It looks very nice and sleek, but not quite durable. I got these for my three year old daughter. She is very active and the cheap one will last only 2-3 weeks. The design is made more for fashion so I don't think it will last. And it does not have sufficient arch support. I will go back to New Balance that I used to purchase for her. It lasts forever until she grows out of it, very sturdy and provide great support for an active kid.
B00594EBKC love it I bought this keds for my daughter and she loves it. It fit her perfectly and looks real nice on her feet. (mine too)
B00594EP1M Love Them I love the sneaker/shoes. So comfortable, that I can wear them all day. I ordered the blue, which I love, and I also have them in black. I usually take a 9 but I needed a 10, so they're a small fit.
B00594F444 Cute AND comfortable! I've been trying to find a cute AND comfortable pair of shoes to wear while traveling this spring and I hit the jackpot!  These shoes are darling, and they're very comfortable.  Just enough arch support and very comfy across the top of my foot, too!
B00594F5NO love my sneaks I didn't think they would fit, I ususally wear 9.5 but I couldn't find my size anywhere. I took chance and ordered the 9 and they fit. Little snug but they have stretched a bit.
B00595HUJA Great Shoes!!! -- although they do run small. I went on a buying spree and I bought three shoes here on Amazon. These shoes turned out to be very comfortable right out the box. They also look very stylish which my wife and I like.They only caveat to these shoes are that they do run small -- which I find that problem in all three of my Puma shoes I own. Since I have experience with pumas, I knew to purchase an 11 even though my natural fit is a 10.Nevertheless, they do fit great and I highly recommend them. Don't hesitate to buy these shoes. Just know that you may need to go a size or two larger in order to find the right fit.
B00595ILDE Great Shoes! These shoes fit well and are very comfortable, especially since I'm on my feet all day long!  I love them!
B00595ILDE wish the tounge wasnt attached at the top my feet ... wish the tounge wasnt attached at the top my feet r wide and they r hard to get on. fit well once on
B00595JCIM Cute, but These are very unique and stylish (in my opinion at least), but I have some issues with the fit. The shoe doesn't seem to be very padded, certainly not a shoe to slip on without socks (I made that mistake and had blisters on my toes and heels). I also didn't find them very comfortable for a walk around the block either (with socks). Maybe just not for my type of food (normal toes, narrow heel).
B00595JJFS Fun shoes, more for daily wear than exercise I love the colors, always get compliments when I wear them. I took them to the gym to jog on the treadmill and they didn't have great support, but perfect for everyday wear.
B00595JOOY Big Feet Nice Shoes? :D Ok so im a guy who wears size 15 in shoes almost  anything smaller for me doesn't work at all. I was skeptical in buying these because Puma is known for a tight fit shoe just bought these and I love them !!!!!They fit just right for me i have enough room in them to breath in and there tight but not too tight. Would recommend to allGoodluck
B00595JOOY Nice Looking Shoes Received my shoes as promised and they fit perfectly. Sharp looking and comfortable. The Velcro strap makes it easy to adjust the tightness for a comfortable fit.
B00595JOOY fit good haven't worn a lot yet
B00595JOOY Surprise... I wear an 11 D shoe and  that's what I ordered and they fit great! Worried about a proper fit, but they fit just great.  Great looking shoe!  I like it so much I ordered a black pair.
B00595JOOY fit have other Puma's that seem to fit at 10.5, but this pair large at that size.  waiting on 10's to see if they fit.  shoes look good though.
B00595JOOY Great shoes I work out daily and have worn Puma for years.  I am a big man; 6'6', 230 pounds, size 14 shoes.  I have trouble getting shoes that both fit and are comfortable.  These fit perfectly.  They are very comfortable, even for my flat feet.  They look nice.  Great walking shoes. Better than expected. Recommend for anyone.
B00595JOOY overall fit and quality as expected I have a B width foot and find that Puma's fit pretty well.  Those with a much wider foot might not be as comfortable. The shoes present a nice appearance, at least to me, with stitching and materials of good quality.  Overall I am very satisfied with these shoes that have thus far met my expectations.
B00595JOOY i wish i liked these ...but like many european brand shoes they are undersized. the instep is too low for me (the upper, top of the arch) and they were a little short in length. the width was ok and i am a wide, so it was a bummer to send them back. they did look cool.
B00595JOOY as expected This is my second pair of Vedano's... A little tight for the first couple of wear's. Bit then they were comfortable to wear all day.
B00595JOOY Great shoes I recieved them very fast! The shoes came in a nice puma box and the shoes are exactly what I expected.
B00595JOOY like a glove Perfect fit, thanks to the other reviewers who advised buying a half size up. The shoes are very well crafted and are very comfy as well, I expected nothing less from Puma.Great buy!!
B00595JOOY perfect was a perfect present , he love it his new Puma's  fit as expected and  the made is perfect too
B00595JOOY Sexy Stylish Shoes!! I love em! I searched through 3200 pairs of black shoes on Amazon and several other sites looking for the perfect replacement shoes for the cool black shoes I have that have been worne to the bone and are falling apart.  These shoes stood out right when I saw them as they have a unique design with the &#34;gils&#34; on the front sides.  I also wanted slip ons so my cat didnt have any laces to attack and these fit the bill perfectly.  These shoes like most Pumas are narrower so wide feet wont be comfortable in these.  The leather on the shoe seems to be good quality and these are constructed well.  I have already gotten several compliments from coworkers who saw them.  The shoes can be loosened or tightend using the 2 seperate velcro straps at the top of the shoe.  These straps are connected to the black horizontal straps you see going across the back ankle area of the shoe.  They are essentially pulling the top of the shoe down and back the more you tighten so you get a great and comfortable fit.  If you are reading this review then you are already somewhat interested in these shoes and I highly recommend buying them as they are truely awesome.
B00595JOOY Snug fit Fit is a bit snug, but not uncomfortable. Great for casual Fridays at work. If you don't want a snug fit, order a half size up.
B00595JOOY love at first sight I LOVE these shoes! They are sooo comfortable!They look great. They fit great! I recommend them for casual or "smart casual" wear.
B00595JOOY Love my shoes Love my shoes, liked them so much that later I bought them in brown, excellent price, excellent quality, fit as expected, fast shipping, will buy again
B00595JOOY Not for everyday use Fancy design, but not very practical shoes. Wearing them just a few times, caused a lot of tearing on the sides of the shoes. Also, they fit my leg very tight; I should've listened to the reviewers who mentioned that the shoes a not for people with large feet. Anyway, I wish I bought better shoes for this price.
B00595JOOY a new, HUGE fan of Puma !!!!!! love the style, fit, and comfort of Puma sneakers....ordered three different pairs....many compliments received on the shoes....will probably be ordering more!!!!!
B00595JOOY Great pair of shoes Purchased these shoes online. Received them in four days. Shoes are beautiful to look at and fit comfortably. But please be warned they run small. I normally wear US11.5 but I ordered a US12 and they fit perfectly. So I recommend buying a half size up.
B00595JQ10 Great I think it's really great! Fit as expected!
B00595JQIS They fit great! Very soft and light They fit great!  Very soft and light.  Would recommend it.
B00599CUDC Super light, not much support I've used this as a general travel shoe and for that it is excellent!Really light weight, slim line, good looking! It has a good grip, but there is not much cushioning or support. I would not use it for any  sport or actual running. Probably ok for walking or getting around town. But I rate it for travel!
B00599CUDC Love these shoes! Typically wear an 11, but ordered a 12. Fit like a glove and handled some serious NYC walking with ease.
B00599CWYO Attractive shoe with lots of cushion These shoes are very cool looking, comfortable, and provide neutral support. I run 1-2 times a week mostly off road and use them for the gym as well. In Puma's I wear 1/2 size up. My only criticism is that the ortholite sole is too cushioned. Lots of cushion creates instability especially when trail running or weight lifting. I switched out the insole to one without cushion and now they are much better. However, I have another brand of trail runners which are much stiffer and I prefer these for many activities.
B00599DCHU GOOD These are very good they fit nice and they jest work there really cool looking and that cats actully white not blue
B00599E1GQ Pumas They shipped fast, and looked great! I love how they are black and bright green. The shoes fit comfortably also. I would recommend buying from this site more often. :)
B00599E1GQ Great fit, perfect soccer shoe These shoes are nice and tight, which makes them great to play soccer in. Additionally they aren't very expensive which makes them even better.
B00599E1GQ Very Good These Shoes are a perfect comfort and style but you might want to get a 0.5 bigger size because the front is kinda tight, very good.
B00599EBHK puma the shoes are very light and the cushioning is ample for a lightweight running shoe.i think the size runs a bit small.i wear a 10 1/2 in everything and these are a bit tight in the toe.very breatheable and look cool,but leave me wanting a more comfortable fit.
B00599EKWQ Comfortable and light I do not run much in these shoes, but do wear them to walk and stand.  They are very light, but do not have a lot of support.  I even wear them to school where I teach.
B0059A04A2 Great shoes These shoes are great in many ways. They are comfortable and your can dress them up and down. I plan to use them for both dressier events and city walking/traveling. I am usually a 6.5 but I had to get a 6 on these as my size was loose. They feel a tad bit tight but I hope I'll break into them soon. I'll update my review once I come back from my trip and will know whether they are as good as they seem for traveling and walking around a lot.
B0059BI3Z4 I love these shoes. These shoes are great. I was a nursing assistant and I bought them for lots of walking and lifting. They fit perfectly and did not rub my feet! I have had them over a year (which for a nursing assistant is phenomenal due to the amount of walking) and they are fantastic. These shoes have been through walking, running, lifting, exercising and tons of water, and they are great!(:
B0059BISWM Love these Puma's! Very light and confortable.I would recommend these for anyone wanting a light, well made, running sneaker. I was not too sure how these would fit, but they fit snug and sized right. So no need to get that 1/2 size bigger. Great price too!!
B0059BJF7E So Comfy! I love myPUMA Women's Maya Noreaster Fashion Sneakers!  I bought them because I knew they'd look great with black, which I wear a lot of, and be a nice change from my normal, neutral-colored shoes.  They're even cuter on than I'd imagined and so comfortable - very light, supple, breathable, and cushion-y.  The one drawback is that they don't have much arch support.  So far this has not been an issue, though, and could easily be remedied with inserts.  As advised by other reviewers, I bought a half-size larger than normal and they're a perfect fit.Keep in mind that this is an everyday sneaker, NOT an athletic shoe.  That said, I could walk in these all day and my feet would be very happy.
B005AYAJEI Comfortable and a Nice Fit! I usually wear briefs but after having moved to the northwest I decided I needed something a little warmer. These are well-made, comfortable, fit well and feel nice. Five stars for the fit!
B005B2H1FE Great! Very nice shoes. Fit fine. Very light and great design. Can be use it everyday and wear with different clothing.
B005B2H1FE Good fit and comfort I got these shoes for riding my mountain bike. They fit great,are comfortable,and are light weight. To new to tell about how long they will last. But,for the price they are hard to beat.
B005B2H1FE My husband's favorite My husband's favorite shoes fit as expected; he had similar shoes before and these are like those he liked before.
B005BBADW8 Great fitness shoes! I was looking for some lightweight tennies to do my dance DVDs and these fit the bill perfectly! The price is right, the fit was spot on and love the colors!
B005BBADW8 Happy! They have a snug feel which is fine for me since I'm clumsy and sneakers tend to shift around a little to much for me but if you have a wider foot they might be too tight.  But cushioning and traction are great.  And they are cute and I love the soft blue.  I'm happy.
B005BBADW8 Sweet The shoe is what i expected, because Puma makes such great products. Good support nice and firm.  And the shoes is cut a little small so I scored a half size larger. And the price was on the money. The price was a bonus, worth so much more. I would purchase these shoes again.
B005CAYLM6 Love It! Received it and they looked great!  Get lots of comments and looks from them!  I listened to everyone and got them a larger size.  I am a natural 10.5 and picked up a 11.5 bc I figured a little loose is better than too tight.  They are little to loose to use as a gym shoe but fit well enough to walk around with.
B005CAYYOQ Love it! The value for real leather in a shoe is wonderful.  The fit is perfect!  The white makes me stand out in a field ;)
B005CB59N0 Small but is what you would expect from a soccer boot I use this shoe regularly with an actually wide variety of sports. I just finished our work's softball tournament and these shoes held up great. Good grip, good foot support. I use them for football, soccer, and ultimate frisbee as well and they hold up fantastic for any sport I can throw at them. Durable and fit well. They are tight but no tighter than you should worry about for a soccer boot.
B005CB59N0 it's OK It is light weight and I guess could fit a person nicely if it is the right size. Sizes do not match - that's for sure, but was wide enough for my feet.
B005CB59N0 Puma cleats Ordered the cleats for my son. They fit very well.  He usually has to try several pair on, and these fit just fine.
B005CCHJEQ Great for turf! I enjoy it for my club soccer team. It does fit snug though so it depends on how you like your shoes to fit on this one. It arrived in a timely manner and at a good price.
B005CKB0WA Great little shoes! My daughter loves the look and I love the fit.  She says they are comfortable and they are easy for her to get on and off.  Great buy!
B005CKB0WA LOVE!! These are super cute on my 2 1/2 year old, and they fit perfect!!!!!  I will be getting them again as he grows out of these!
B005CKB0WA Velcro sneakers are hard to find These fit great and at last we found velcro sneakers for a young child! Time will tell how these hold up.
B005CKB0WA comfortable shoe My sons feet are wide, and these fit better than I expected! He likes the soles because they are &#34;grippy.&#34;
B005CKB0WA Great Shoes My daughter loves these shoes! They fit great and have a lot of grip on the bottom. We will probably order the next size up when she outgrows these.
B005CKB0WA Cool look and fit grrreat Cool look! Son can put them on by himself. Great way to keep it easy and still look like a big boy!
B005CKB0WA Cute but just OK. Cute shoe, light and OK comfort, I'd say - Would be great if it had more support for the arch and more cushion.  I feel like they're not going to last very long...  stay tuned...
B005CKB0WA Very cute shoe Love these shoes, and get lots of compliments on them!  They fit well, and are very easy to put on.  Very light weight.  Much cuter in person than in the picture.  Well made.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes very cute These are great shoes Great fit fun colors The shoes are Holding up well Hi Ravi shoes and I'm 30 years old the shoes are not too old and not too young I take ace very small shoe Everybody asks where I have gotten the shoes I used to get very frustrated shoe Shopping I could not find shoes that fit The only shoes that I could find that would fit had cartoon characters on them and when you're 30 years old that is not cute anymore Now I have the shoes everybody talks about I love the shoes
B005CKB0WA Shoe Purchase on Amazon Fit as expected without having measured my child's foot going on other shoes which were somewhat similar so had an idea as a guide.
B005CKB0WA Great kid shoes We're purchased a few pairs of the Puma Whirlwind. The fit is a little wider than most puma's and our kids seem very comfortable in them.  Love having lots of colors to choose from and you can't go wrong with the velcro close for little feet.
B005CKB0WA Puma The sneakers are very light weight. They fit my guy just fine. Seems to be made strong
B005CKB0WA Great shoe! These are great shoes that fit true to size. My little one finds them comfortable and enjoys wearing them on a daily basis. These shoes also look nice after tons of wear.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe Great fit, and so stinkin adorable! My daughter loves them and so do her Mom and Dad...so easy to get on and off. Fits a wider foot, too. Great traction and no tripping in these sneakers.
B005CKB0WA Nice, lightweight and flexible shoe with fit guide inside I hate guessing when it comes to determining if my kids' shoes fit properly, so I was happy to see the &#34;Kinder Fit&#34; guide inside this shoe, and all the Pumas I ordered to test out.  You can take out the lining, lay it on the floor, place your child's foot on it, and see right away if you've got the right size.  It's a lot like the guide inside all of Stride Rite's shoes.  I would have gone too small without the fit guide. Beyond that, these shoes are sturdy but also nice and light and flexible - not bulky, stiff, or heavy like lots of other sneakers out there.  I think this is especially important in the first year or so of walking.  My 14 month old has been walking in these with no stumbling or other problems and he picks them out of the stack (over his other options) when we tell him it's time to get his shoes.  We haven't had them long enough for me to comment on their durability, but I am otherwise quite happy with them.  Since he started walking, my little one has outgrown Stride Rite sneakers, Clarks, and Crocs, and I'd put these on par with the rest.
B005CKB0WA perfect fit for my grandson Bought these for my grandson. They fit perfectly and he loves them. I will continue buying for him since he loves them so much.
B005CKB0WA awesome value for these PUMAS The shoe fit as expected.  Save money by buying them on Amazon and my little girls loves them. I'm sure they are comfortable.
B005CKB0WA Puma Power Love the look and fit of this sneaker and my daughter can put them on herself which is even better.  Looks and feels sturdy so wear and tear will last until she grows out of them.  Would recommend for price, look and comfort.
B005CKHBP0 Love the shoes The shoes fit and look great.this is just filler for the 14 minimul word requirement. I don't agree with it
B005CKHBP0 Darling shoes! These shoes fit as expected and have been more than durable for my little girl.  She wears them day-in-and out.  Once again Puma surpasses expectations!
B005CKHBP0 motherof2 I just love toddler pumas for my son. They always fit right. Love them. I would always recommend pumas over anything.
B005CKHVKK I sent the shoes back had to send the shoes back because they were to tight for my feet. Other than that the shoes were cute.
B005CKHVKK Not as comfortable as I hoped This has lots and lots of cats on it. Hope you are into that. This shoe wasn't as comfortable as I'd hoped. My foot size is between a 7 and 7.5, so the fact that this ran tight was a good thing as I ordered a 7.5 (which is usually too big) and it fit me correctly.
B005CKHVKK CUTE but BUY A SIZE UP My feet can usually fit into 6.5/7 shoes, but for some reason my feet pop out of 7's. On the other hand, I have gotten a lot of complements on these shoes and style wise, they're pretty adorable.
B005CKHVKK as described.... needed some black shoes for work and these fit the bill, they don't offer much support, but they serve their purpose
B005CKJFRM For working out Hubby bought these off my wish list. I wear them for turbo kick and zumba.  They offer enough support, for now.  But wonder if I need a little more cushion with such high impact.
B005COWQH4 Good everyday sneaker Excellent everyday sneaker. Very comfortable and true to size. I wouldn't recommend for running, personally not enough support but great for being on feet during the day and around house.
B005COYRD0 Puma Tekkies Jam the most comfortable sneaker I purchased these shoes in anticipation of something comfortable.  I have some foot problems such as Morten's Neuroma and flat feet.  These shoes are without a doubt the most comfortable I own.  I ordered a 5.5 in men's shoes to keep them wide and they are perfect.  I normally wear a 7.5 or 8 in women's shoes.  Previous reviews commented on the lack of support of these but that is exactly what I find to be so comfortable.  They arrive in a small box, are flat but the canvas used to make these shoes is so soft and pliable they feel like slippers.  I have white, navy, black, and pink pairs.  The colored shoes do not come in men's sizes so I ordered 7.5 in womens and find them just a comfortable.  A great shoe and I can wear them all day without problem.  I highly recommend these for everyday wear.  No....I am not a runner and would not recommend these for that activity.
B005CPBU2K EXCELLENT FIT EXCELLENT FIT MY KID LOVE THESE SHOES , HE PLAYS SOCCER EVERY DAY AND HE SAYS ARE THE BEST SOCCER SHOES  I HAVE EVER BOUGHT HIM...
B005CPEUG8 EXCELLENT FIT EXCELLENT FIT MY KID LOVE THESE SHOES , HE PLAYS SOCCER EVERY DAY AND HE SAYS ARE THE BEST SHOES I HAVE EVER BOUGHT HIM...
B005CPEUG8 Very nice My soon-to-be 3rd grader was excited when these shoes came for him, he thought they were very nice looking and fit him well. They're intended as PE shoes.
B005CPEUG8 very nice he loved them and has worn them a lot and they have lasted much better than expected would purchase again
B005CVK5XY cute shoes Bought these shoes for my daughter who is a size 1 and they fit her perfectly theywere just a tad big which is great to give her a little room for her foot.Satisfied
B005CVL8OE Great Sneaker I purchased these sneakers for my godson and they fit perfectly. I was very happy with my purchase they look wonderful and they came really quick. Great deal
B005CVWYPG The best! My son wears a 4 in shoes. When I go to local stores to shop for shoes, I always have a hard time because the shoe is either too tight or not wide enough. With Puma, his foot goes right in.
B005CVWYPG Good shoe! I got this for my daughter's hip hop dance class.  She loves them and they fit as expected.  Item arrived on time as well!
B005CVWYPG Great quality, narrow fit These look even better in person.  They fit lengthwise exactly how i would expect, but if your child has wide feet i would skip on these.  They are femanine enough that my daughter loves them, but subtle so they match everything.  The velcro is very very secure and easy for my three year old to get in and out of on her own.  I love these shoes. They provide great support and are very stylish. I have no doubt they will last a long time.  Very worthwhile purchase. I would order these again in a heartbeat.
B005CVWYPG Great shoes These shoes are super cute and fit my daughter great. I love the kinder fit insole so that I can make sure they are still fitting her correctly. The shipping was quick and the packaging was intact. I will probably order this type of shoe again in the future.
B005CVWYPG Soft, tight fit These are awesome shoes for little kids. They fit tight to their feet, but are soft and easy to move in. The only problem is that they run a bit small. I recommend a half size bigger than you would normally buy.
B005CVY9RW Cutest shoes ever! These shoes are SO CUTE! They are also nice and soft, and look to be quite comfortable. They have a removable insert so you can get the proper fit for little feet, which I found very helpful. My daughter has very skinny feet, and the velcro is wonderful at keeping them on her feet. Highly recommended.
B005CVY9RW Baby Puma This is the second pair of these shoes that she has worn.  Great fit and she can walk and run in them. They are true to fit. They also attract a lot of attention because they are so cute.
B005CVY9RW Great Shoes! Love them and they fit but their on the smaller side. Compared to other size 4 shoes they are a little shorter in the foot bed.
B005DCQE2S This is a perfect fit! I was skeptical about whether or not these shorts would fit but as it turns out they were just the right size. The quality is acceptable and the fabric doesn't fade or gabble when you wash it.
B005DHN1YM Perfect fit Highly recommended. Fits great and is thick enough to wear at night time. Ferrari logos are subtle which gives the jacket a clean, classic look.
B005DHQGEO perfect fit and nice I am very satisfied because my product went beyond my expectations.I'm proud of it.I'll come back for more.Thanks a lot
B005DTQRZA puma shoes Nice shoe, it fit well, very confortable and good design. Look good with a jean for going to the mall or another informal situation...
B005DTR72W Sad because of the fit!! This was a gift to my dear husband and for what it is worth, it was a cool looking pair of shoes. And that's about it.Product looks like the image. But as with most puma shoes, the width was a terrible problem. Though I ordered a size bigger by 1.5, the fit was horrible.Had to return it.
B005DTS9SS Proper fit and flexible Bought these a couple of months back and they are a pair of good looking shoes.The size fit is proper, maybe a bit narrower than most shoes, but still a good snug fit!The soles are really thin and you can easily feel the imperfections of the ground under your feet, in some ways makes this a bit uncomfortable if you are used to thick hard or cushioned shoes.Looks good! Stylish, but people do notice the red tabs and ask about them, wish they had a pair without the red tab on the Velcro latch.
B005DTT0H2 Looks nice and feels nice A nice looking sneaker and is really comfortable too. I have a wide foot and this one fit very comfortably.
B005EVP6UE great! Sometimes pumas are small in the width on my feet, but these shoes are not tight at all. great shoes!
B005F17KYI PUMA - Kids Boys 2-7 Logo Tricot Set, Peacoat The item fit as expected, but in the first time that I washed it turns out with a lot of withe ball in the fabric. I paid for a Brand that did not was anything that I expected. It is suppouse to last for a long long time and in the first time I washed it looks old and ugly.
B005F17KYI Nice outfit Fit was as expected as I ordered it a little big so mmy grandson can wear it for awhile. PUMA jogging suits are perfect for him. I enjoy their high quality.
B005F17KYI he loves it He loves it great fit as expected . He is 6 ordered a size up but it stops there wish they made them bigger for older  kids.
B005F17KYI Great Outfit Fit my son perfect, Comfortable and nice. My son is picky with pants and these fit just right. Shipped on time and is  great.
B005FSQ2MW Great goalie pants, very durable. thinner padding on knees than Reusch 868 Alex, but better fit I bought these as a replacement for the Reusch 868 Alex pants as the Reusch were very tight (Large). I wear 36 waist and these Puma pants fit great. they are tight around the hips and knees and the padding does not move around during game play which is very necessary. They are also very comfortable and their length is perfect (32 inseam).My only complaint is that the knee padding on these is a little thin, and does not offer as much protection as some other pants, including the Reusch mentioned above. But since they fit and provide enough protection for play on turf, I am giving 4 stars. I have used these for 7 games now and there is no tearing, or obvious signs of wear.
B005FWV85O Odd fit This shoe looks nice in the pics but odd on the foot, because, as previous reviewers pointed out, it isn't a full sneak and comes up only part way. I thought this would be flattering, but it's not. The fit is tight in the toes but slips off in the back. Overall, I couldn't make them work.
B005HEJHYO don't fit as expected check sizes, I usualy use 11,5, ask for a 12, and it doesen't fit as expected.... but the shoe by itself was ok!
B005HEJHYO Great golf shoe they fit very snug and I really appreciate the comfort & support these shoes give! very casual but also works well with the person who is on the business side of things too.
B005HEJHYO Great shoes These are the first golf shoes that I've owned that did not require any break-in time to be comfortable. Fit perfectly and had great grip.
B005HEJHYO perfect fit My husband loves them. He wears them every time he golfs now. The fit and style is exactly what he wanted.
B005HEJHYO Good Fit Excellent fit...... hoping that they last as I live in Pennsylvania and have a couple of months before I wear them outside. But inside , they're great !!
B005HEJHYO Great shoe Shoes look great, fit is perfect, I have worn them for two days and they are very comfortable. The reason for the four rating: I haven't played golf in them yet. I don'y expect any problems.
B005HEJK3W Great golf shoes These are my 3rd pair of Puma shoes and I love them; Puma golf shoes run big for me, I normally wear 10.5; two of my Puma golf shoes are size 10 and fit much better than the pair that is 10.5.  I also have a couple pair of Dryjoys which are awesome nice feeling golf shoes but they feel bulky compared to the Puma's; still an awesome shoe just a different fit.  Going with a half size smaller in Footjoy doesn't fit my foot and still feels bulky.  I'd describe Puma golf shoes has having a more athletic fit, more like a tennis shoe.
B005HEJK3W puma ace 2 the shoe is very sleek and eye catching. the amount of detail offset is perfect, it sets off the white presenting a sytlish contrast. the fit is true to size and allows for a comfortable  and flexible fit.I took them out the box and played a 18 in them, they responding beautifully in both comfort and perforamce.
B005HEK2J8 Meh Not too comfortable, these shoes hurt around the ankle and back of the foot. The tongue is too stiff and theres not much arch support
B005HEK2J8 Hurts my feet everytime Every single time I try to use it, it hurts the back of my feet.It is very annoying, I'm trying all type of solutions to make it stop, but it is just too much.I do not recommend you buying it before testing it out in a store.
B005HEL4W2 Great shoes Good support and good lace control. Just snug the laces at the top and laces tighten from top to bottom for good even support. Played two rds in them so far and would recommend them for purchase.
B005HEN3GW Awesome shoes! Pictures doesn't do justice to this shoe. They look much better in real life. They fit great and I definitely got a great deal on them. Will definitely buy online again.
B005HEN3GW Great for the walk and carry golfer I have four pairs of these shoes - not all the same color.  They all fit well, have good arch support, look good, and hold up to a lot of walking.  I walk and carry my bag and these shoes make the walk a pleasure.
B005HEP57C Cute & Great Fit Cute shoes, even for someone like me with size 11 feet. I can still be cute while golfing. Thank you.
B005HEPXDI Fit well and look great The shoes are exactly what I expected. Very sharp looking. A very good shoe for your son or nephew who plays golf several times a month.
B005HEPXDI Love them! Perfection I am just starting to golf (love it already), and I am so glad I ran across these shoes. I went to a certain sneaker brand's factory store and they had zero pairs on the shelves. Thankfully, Amazon had these and thankfully I have Prime. I was able to get these in a couple of days and wear them to the course. They fit great. I usually have trouble with Puma b/c they are cut small, but I got a 5 (wear a 7 in women's), and they fit perfectly with an ankle sock.
B005I36VEI Nice Really nice shoes... fit as expected, soft, comfortable... I use them for long walks and they are awesome!!! totally recommended.
B005I36VEI Walking shoes These shoes are a perfect fit. The only problem with it, is that it only comes in a D medium. I hope maybe they will run in either D or E wide.
B005I6YAU2 Would recommend! As some have said before, the tongue is very thin, but otherwise this is a pretty good shoe. I did get a blister on the back of my heels the first time I wore them, but that was probably more from the socks I was wearing (which were very low). Since then I've had no problem with them and love the Puma brand, fit, and style. These feel very fast and allow me to move around and change direction very quickly.
B005IKJ2D8 So comfortable! I got these shoes a week before Amazon said they would arrive in the mail!! Besides being overjoyed from the fast delivery, the shoes fit perfectly and feel awesome! They have great arch support and look super cute. Thanks Amazon!
B005LCD60I Excellent These shoes fit great.  They make no sound when walking around, it feels like you're gliding on air.  I would definitely recommend.
B005LCD60I Good fit Very nice fit and the shoe looks really nice. I like puma and am happy with this purchase. The price ain't bad, either.
B005LCE58A GREAT BACK!! Great size back for not too much stuff to be used when going to the gym. I would recommend it a great size for running around from work to the gym.
B005LCE58A pretty good Was absolutely content with it. Any bigger,  it wouldn't fit in the locker. Any smaller would not do the job.
B005LCEGM0 Great size and cool features! Bag has a good feel and is a great size. I bring my work clothes and needed something I could fit multiple changes of clothes into.Also, has an extended side pocket to fit shoes. This keeps shoes separated from the rest of the bag. Awesome feature for when you have a muddy shoe, or a stinky gym shoe.
B005LCENDC Just the right fit I like side for the shoes with the breather holes. A lot of space for your clothes and everything else. The shoulder strap is wide and comfortable.
B005OKFCTU Comfortable These shoes run a little small and are tight fitting. Always get half a size bigger. They do expand a bit after some wearing and o you can always loosen the velcro wrap at the top. They are quick to wear and remove so very ideal for the casual feel where comfort and looks are a key consideration. I have four pairs - two for casual walk and two for the gym. I like them for the gym as well due to the low heel, inner comfort and snug fit. I use them for boxing workouts here a decent amount of mobility, rope jumping and cardio fit workouts and they are a good fit or this. The white part gets dirtier first of course otherwise they keep clean pretty good with regular wiping
B005OKOICW love them These shoes are much better than I expected. I got them the next day, for 3.99 extra and i fell in love. I dont know how much they are now but they were only 24.99. LOVE
B005OKY03Y decent.. Fast shipping. Overall cool set of wheels. Puma Suedes are little more narrow than I expected. I thought they would fit the same as clydes or puma basket. So I'm returning.
B005OLVDCO Red Shoes These shoes came in really fast and they just look great. Not too tight but just right Ha. Well I would recommend these shoes if your a Puma fan. The price is kinda high but aren't all Puma shoes.
B005OMEGTA I love it and really a great shoes It fits perfect and received as expected and the colors are perfect, this is the second one to buy,  i recommend this shoestoeveryone.
B005OMEGTA The shoes are dream to wear. I bought these men's Puma Mostro  Mesh Fashion Sneaker as they fit my foot, a ladies foot better than the ladies shoes did,
B005OMEGTA VERY WONDERFULLY COMFORTABLE!!! Great fit and soooooo comfy! Quickly becoming my favorite tennis shoes....will be looking for the same pair in different colors...when they go on sale! :)
B005ON2G96 I love them!!! I love my pumas!!!  They are so unique, fit perfect, and the colors are great. I greatly recommended this product.
B005ON39OC Lightweight but sturdy These running shoes are the lightest ones that I've ever worn, and yet they are surprisingly sturdy. They fit perfectly and provide enough cushioning to make my indoor runs comfortable.
B005ON39OC tired of shopping for shoes! I have fibromalgia. I wanted to find a althetic shoe that had support, but did not feel heavy to lift up. I had just joined the YMCA with my son in an effort to get a little more exercise to hopefully get more control over the pain. I have been so pleased with my purchase. They are exactly what I wanted. Support at the bottom, but lightweight, so there's no weight to carry. The shoes are roomy and kinda of conform around your foot after the first few times. They do feel "weird" initially when I first put them on. Never had a shoe quite like this one! But now, don't think I'll buy anything else and its only been 2weeks!!!!
B005ON39OC LOVE THEM They are great! I am disabled in my hips and these are just great on my treadmill for walking but I could see them being just as good for running. Fit is perfect. Super comfy and the gel soles are very springy. Love the colors too!
B005OS38ZC Almost perfect! These fit true to size, at least in my size 9.  The backs are a little too high and stiff, otherwise they're perfect.  I needed something for doing TurboFire on carpet.  My Reebok "cross trainers" leave my feet hot and hurting like crazy.These are mostly mesh so there's not so much heat retention.  More importantly, walking in these is like walking on pillows.  They're very light and cushy!With that, I wouldn't buy these if you need extra stability.  They're stable but there really is VERY minimal leather here so the lateral structure is kinda not there.  I do Tapout, Tae Bo, and other kickboxing workouts barefoot so stability is not an issue for me.Also, they don't slip during lunges (on carpet).Back to TurboFire, I can get through Fire 60 with no foot pain and they're light enough that I can turn during the punches to the corners.  Very good buy for my needs.
B005OS7VPA Wonderful These sneakers are very comfortably  Their great when I workout  nothing weighting your feet down  I would highly recommend them
B005OS839I Puma's I forget how narrow Puma's are cut! There really is not any support inside the shoe so this would be great for people with flat feet and do not need any arch support. But they look great and haven't caused and blisters yet!
B005OT0VDS so cute! the green is a tad bit brighter very comfy and wide love them they are my fav! would recommend im about to buy them in another color...the fit is true to size the lazy sneaker i found was a bit snuggier
B005OT1FQA Comfortable, Nice, lightweight I like the look of these shoes. They are comfortable to wear daily but I can't use them to work out... not enough support for my feet.
B005OTA9R6 Decent.. I like the style, but the fit is kind of awkward. They are definitely not a good fit if you have wider feet. It took me a while to get use to the feel and walking in them, I felt like I had to balance myself! The color, to me (and several opinions), was way off. It's more of a mint green than a pool blue, IMO. Which kind of sucks, but it's okay. I love the style, they are cute shoes :)
B005OTA9R6 Don't expect these to be comparable to other dance sneakers like capezios/blochs/sanshas I bought these shoes because I have narrow feet and found regular dance sneakers to be very bulky and sometimes difficult to move around in. I've used jazz shoes that are much more fitted but don't offer the same level of support. These shoes sleek but still reenforced in the arch. I like the way they look and the fit, but these shoes are only flexible at the toe and do not allow you to turn or pivot on the balls of the feet at all. The rubber sole is a sticky-soft rubber like on most tennis shoes and not the hard rubber you expect on jazz or dance sneakers. They are very light weight. As they are out of the box, they're not suited for dancing at all. However, I've attached suede soles onto these shoes and the result is a shoe that fits much better than any of my dance sneakers. For the dance I do, having a strong and supported arch is nice, but I would certainly not recommend this for anything that requires pointe.As a side note, there is a tag on the underside of the shoe tongue that will be itchy for dancers who don't normally wear socks.
B005OTA9R6 Good if you're not walking too much I wore these for a few weeks just to run quick errands and they were great. When I wore them to the zoo yesterday that was a big mistake. I ended up having to walk on the back of the shoes so that they wouldn't rub the skin on the back of my feet completely off. Once my feet heel I will still wear them from time to time but not for any prolonged periods of time.
B005OTA9R6 My views Because I love it and I'm going to recommend my friend and family I alway love puma sneaker and they fit very well.
B005OTA9R6 Review of Puma Dance Shoe I'm a little disappointed with the stiffness of the leather, if that's what the upper part is made of. It's very thin and stiff. Otherwise I like the style and fit. I have used these shoes in 4 Zumba classes to date and they allow great lateral motion.
B005OTA9R6 They fit perfectly I love Puma brand because they have  long lasting shoes, the shape of the shoe is delicate and they are very comfortable.
B005OTA9R6 Great Shoes! I love these shoes and they are very cute and a perfect fit! I am totally satisfied with my purchase and have no complaints!
B005OTA9R6 Great arch support. Cool looking shoe, very feminine.  Looks small but fits a true size 8.  Wonderful arch support.  The heel is a little wide for my foot but workable.
B005OTA9R6 Very cheap looking This is a pleather shoe and open wides at the calf, not good support for dancing. I had to send them back.
B005OTA9R6 Just okay I bought these shoes for Zumba so they only really get worn a few times a week. I was a little disappointed when they first arrived. The leather is very stiff so I knew it would take a while to break them in. They are also rather narrow and don't have much of an arch. Plus the laces are kinda cheap, I'm always afraid to tighten them up too much because I'm scared the lace will break! On the plus side, they are very light - which is to be expected from a dance shoe. They are now starting to break in and get a little more comfortable, but I don't think I would recommend them or buy them again if needed.
B005OTA9R6 Bummed The shoes arrived sooner than I expected but I was bummed to find they were too big and my heel slipped out. They also seemed to wide. I returned them.
B005OTA9R6 not what I expected I bought these for Zumba as I had been wearing my Nikes' Musica for over 3 years.  The little 'sweet spot' on the bottom has now worn down and I don't have as much traction, and too much slip and slide. These looked stylish, 'slender' and not clunky like the Nike's; but the fit doesn't feel as sturdy.  The arch is odd and does not give me security (I have high arches). No problem with narrowing and the size 9 is the right size (Nike I had to go up a size). An odd thing: the laces feel like ribbons, and not cotton laces we know to be on sneakers. They are less expensive than the Nikes, so maybe that is why I feel they are inferior.  Wish there was another Zumba sneaker, though. I will return them and get another pair of the clutsy Nikes! Sigh!
B005OTA9R6 perfect fit These fit perfect and are great for walking. I walk two miles daily and would not dream my feet would feel as good as that do in any other shoe.
B005OTA9R6 Love the style I really like the style of the sneaker but they fit a little snug.  I recommend that you go another 1/2 size larger.
B005OTA9R6 Zumba here I come Perfect fit and flexible as I hoped. Looking forward to Zumba in these great shoes. Thanks I love Puma shoes
B005OTA9R6 Lightweight I found what I needed which was lightweight support for Zumba. My only complaint is that I feel my feet slide out the sides of the leather. I can Samba now without feeling pain in my shins.
B005OTBH0O Comfortable but not that cute Very comfortable shoes! They arrived looking slightly dirty, which I wasn't thrilled about. They aren't as cute as I thought they would be, but what they lack in style they make up for in comfort. I am a long distance runner but I only use these for walking as they don't have much support.
B005OTY71U Great buy! Great length, style and fit. My four year old loves them! Comfy and easy for him to put on by himself.
B005PVNAT2 Kool Shoes I get lots of compliments on these shoes. From friends and strangers. fit well. I always buy a half size up online and stuff a foot pad in them and they fit perfect that way.
B005PVNAT2 Just what I expected These shoes are great they are just what I expected them to be. They do run big so order one size smaller than what you're used to. The price on these shoes are great.
B005QNKVPU Excellent socks! Socks arrived sooner than expected.  Item was a gift.  Great quality and recipient said they fit great.  I would recommend.
B005R506IO Boys for a girl! Bought boys shoes in a size to fit my teenage daughter. Not only does she love them but now she doubles her shoe wardrobe by stealing her younger brothers shoes as well!!
B005R506IO too big not as i expected love the color and puma shoes butthis shoe came too big not the size i expected. also it look like it fit a boy.I returned them and got a full refund
B005R50TVS Good enough Thought it would have been a bigger. It is somewhat slim fit.
B005R531DG Nice looking shoe My daughter loved the shoes and the fit was right with room to grow.We'll see how they hold up.
B005S0QEXE very dissapointed The soles on both shoes started to unglue after the second time of them being worn. We were very dissatisfied & dissappointed my husband & I expected more from the puma brand
B005S0QEXE fit is on the smaller side Love the color and the quality. It's sizing fits a bit smaller than average fit for other shoes that i have bought for my son. GReat price i think and would definitely recommend it
B005S6XRVK Puma Apparel Men's Shield Tee, Rosso Corsa, Medium I got this one in black....it fits as expected but you must research USA sizing to get CORRECT Fit.Also, I am getting a LOT OF COMPLIMENTS :-)
B005ZFCUIA Puma Color is a tiny off mine look orange but I don't care because I have been looking everywhere for this same shoe the style is very comfortable not just for running but also training if you are doing any workout program and have problems with your feet goin numb from any other snicker this one may be the one for you because it fits  in the arch of your foot and it gives you amazing cushion and support specially if you working out in wood flooring like I do.
B005ZFCUIA FABULOUS SHOE I am thrilled with these shoes.  FIT:  I have what is called a &#34;combination last&#34; foot--the front of my foot is a B width and my heels are A width (allegedly an American indian trait--thank you 10th GGM Pocahontas).  These Pumas fit me perfectly, so many athletic shoes are too wide in the heel and the heels slip, leading to blisters.  COMFORT:  very, very comfortable shoes, the cushioning is superb--I feel 10 years younger and have 100% more energy, amazing what a difference the right shoe makes.  Also, I had begun to have swollen ankles and that problem is now solved too.  Obviously, with my old shoes my feet were taking a real pounding.  APPEARANCE:  The shoes are beauties, I wear a 9.5 but they don't look like boats.  The colors black, rasberry pink and a neon blue green are very attractive.  Couldn't be happier.
B005ZFCUIA great fit and comfort! Absolutely love these shoes! They were true to fit and very comfortable. I stand on my feer foe work and they are cushioned nicely
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable So comfortable and fit great and looks niceprobably my favorite pear of tennis shoes i have ever bought i love thm
B005ZFCUIA Love my new shoes The delivery was really fast and fit perfect. I enjoy working out in my new shoes. The shoes are perfect for cross training.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoe and fit!!!!! These shoes are so incredibly comfortable, and the fit is true to size!!! This is my first pair of PUMAS, but definitely not my last. I absolutely love them, and highly recommend buying them!!!
B005ZFCUIA Love the colors, not the shape. I loved these shoes online. The colors, the shape the look. But when I got them home I still loved the colors and they fit really nice, Snug around but so much great cushion for my feet. They were pretty wide though and I wear an 8 in these but they fit kind of big. I could keep them on no problem but they just look so big. They look overly wide, and they are pretty high and bulky. I am returning them due to them not looking at great on me.
B005ZFCUIA love I love the shoes. Comfy and cute. I have size 11 feet and they don't make my feet look like monsters which is rare.  I would definitely recommend them.
B005ZFCUIA Perfect fit, perfect balance! I've never felt so great after running/jogging a good mile, these shoes are perfect for me, they fit perfectly and everything was just great about them!
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable! Very Comfortable shoes for everyday, haven't tried running in them but that's next!!Totally worth the money perfect fit!Thanks!
B005ZFCUIA Lightweight Airy!! They fit as expected I love the mesh fabric because they breathe. Also, they aren't heavy and bulky. I love my new shoes!! So comfy!!
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortalbe. Love it. I love this shoes by these reasons:- very comfortable- colour- fit my feet very well even I have a wide one.
B005ZFCUIA They fit ! I was weary of buying shoes online. But knowing that I could send them back if they didn't fit , was comforting. They fit nicely and have been great new shoes for all the crossfit workouts ...
B005ZFCUIA Love the fit but... I love the fit of these shoes! The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the &#34;spectrum blue&#34; is really more of a purple. I'm still keeping them though :)
B005ZFCUIA I love the color, but not as comfortable as I thought it would be. I wouldn't recommend walking or running in these shoes. I wore these shoes to a kickball game and me feet hurt during the game. I would only use these shoes for the gym and weight training.Also, it is a big snug. I normally wear a 10 in sneakers but this is a bit too small.
B005ZFCUIA Shoes Very nice, fit as expected going to buy a purse also to match my new shoes product is well made
B005ZFCUIA Super comfortable! Just received these yesterday and put them on to work out right away. They have a nice snug fit, but not too tight. They aren't too heavy and not too bulky looking either. They give me nice support all around.  I really like them and I look forward to putting them to good use!
B005ZFCUIA Good fit from the start I took the advice and ordered the full size larger.  They fit from the start with no breaking in time.  I have very wide feet, so I could have used a longer shoe string, but overall fit and look were right on.
B005ZFCUIA All day comfort The fit is great, the colors are vibrant.  The comfort in the heel is excellent, with grand support. I recommend this shoe to anyone who needs great cushioning and support.  Your feet and legs will thank you.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe for bootcamp workouts! I have been doing bootcamp workouts (cross training) in these shoes and they are perfect for the varied motions they support me through.  These shoes are very supportive and have good arch support so my feet feel secure and I'm not worried about slipping out or injuring my arches (bias: I am not a fan of minimalist shoes).  They are true to size in my experience.  The only reason I didn't give five stars is that I don't love the coral/pink color.  Totally personal preference though.
B005ZFCUIA Comfy enough for a Nurse! I am a Nurse at a hospital and bought these shoes hoping they'd be more comfy than previous tennis shoes. They are pretty great! 12-13 continuous hours on my feet and these shoes keep my feet feeling good. They are also very stylish and cute! One con to these shoes is they make my feet stink really bad but I guess that can be expected with what I put them through.
B005ZFCUIA Comfy These shoes fit perfect and are very comfy! I will defiantly recommend these shoes to everyone I know! Best shoes ever
B005ZFCUIA GREAT SHOES! I fell in love with these shoes when i saw them on here. I had to wait a bit because they didn't have any in my size. It was worth the wait. Good comfy shoes, i have wider feet & they still fit comfortably. I love to wear them!
B005ZFCUIA These Shoes &lt;3 Can I just say I'm not one of those people who spend a lot of money on expensive shoes. I get 90% of mine from thrift stores or I receive hamydowns, which is always fine by me. But when I saw these shoes I couldn't help myself. I read the reviews stating they run small and narrow, and I'm not a small narrow footed gal, but I thought I'd give them a shot anyway. When they arrived I totally feel inlove with them, they're way more gorgeous in person. They're actually brighter colored than they look, the puma and the blue colors are sort of reflective, and they look amazing. The fit, yes, they're a bit snug BUT I happen to like my shoes snug. These weren't just bought for looks, they're for the gym which you should keep your shoes tight anyways, these are perfect gym shoes. They don't make my toes hurt and they're quite supportive, and my husband actually told me they look really cool..let me just say THAT NEVER HAPPENS. So when a man actually notices your tennis shoes, you know they're winners. So in my rating I said they fit as expected, but in my review I said they are a bit snug, well if you read the title they're cross-training shoes and you should wear them tight anyways. I wear a size 9 on a good day, but usually 9.5 or maybe a 10. I got these in size 9 and they fit very well, they're comfortable and supportive while I run, they're light and very colorful. These are by far the best gym shoes I have.
B005ZFCUIA Love these! I love these shoes. I haven't ran in them yet but I walked around in them for a while and they fit like a glove. The arch support is amazing and the soles fill so wonderfully soothing on my feet. Such a great buy. Color is excellent!
B005ZFCUIA LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE these shoes.  When Amazon posted they were having a sale on Pumas I took them up on the offer.  I love how they fit and most tennis shoes, to me, need to be broken in, but these fit perfectly off the bat.
B005ZFCUIA Puma Women's cell Riaze Cross-Training Shoe LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.  Get compliments daily.  I'm a nurse, so my daily trek is mostly non-stop.  They fit perfectly, are very comfortable and are cute, and I'm very pleased.  Will probably get in another color combo.
B005ZFCUIA Their ok They fit fine but look big on me, so i feel like they make my feet look big. Compared to my body.
B005ZFCUIA It took a while for the shoes to fit 7.5B usually fits me perfectly, but these shoes were somewhat small for me (although 8B was a little bit too loose). I end up keeping the 7.5B, and it took about a month of regularly wearing them for the shoes to finally fit me well. Now they are quite comfortable, and provide good arch support. However, I would not wear them for long distance running or walking because somehow my feet would get really tired afterwards comparing to some other running shoes. I do love the design of the shoes (I got the Turbulence/Pink). I find they are good for short distance exercise (about 2 miles) and yoga.
B005ZFCUIA Amazing!!! The shoes are seriously the most comfortable and fit true to size. I was a little scared after reading that some people thought they were too tight. But they're perfect! I seriously forget I'm wearing tennis shoes. I get so many compliments on the fun colors!
B005ZFCUIA Awesome sneakers! These are so bright and fun! They are comfortable and fit like a glove on my feet...or would that be a sock!? :) They have good traction for exercising or for Zumba dancing! :)
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes I bought these for my daughter and they fit just right. She is wearing them for indoor soccer and she loves them so far.
B005ZFCUIA This style runs short I took a chance on these shoes because they were offered at a great price.  Unfortunately I had to return them because they run short and were uncomfortable in the toe area.  The next size up usually does not work for me because it would make the instep and heel area too long.  I will have to go back to the basic Easy Spirit walker in leather, which has fit perfectly in the past.
B005ZFCUIA beautiful shoes! Absolutely love these!!! I bought these in black friday, so I got a really awesome deal! They fit amazingly ! ! !
B005ZFCUIA Puma shoes Right price . Comfortable. Looks good. Goes with a lot of my workout clothes, and adds good support to my feet.
B005ZFCUIA Not for serious athletes These are not cross-training shoes. They are heavy (about 65 grams heavier than other cross-trainers like Asics, Reebok, and Nike), too tight/narrow in the toe (even with ordering a half-size bigger), and uncomfortable because they do not offer enough cushion/support. Also, the inside sole of the shoe says "running"-although being a runner myself, I can tell there would not be enough cushion nor support for long-distance runs.The style makes it an attractive shoe,but it fails in the performance department. If you are looking for standard sneakers for everyday use, these are fine. However, if you are looking for a shoe that provides serious stability, comfort, and speed in your workout (e.g., crossfit, HIT, etc.) Puma shoes are NOT the right choice for you-stick with proven performance brands for athletes (e.g., Nike or Reebok).Should go without saying, but I will be returning these shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Achy Achy Achy I've been doing interval (job/walk) training for the past 3 months and decided t was time to replace my old Nikes, so I bought these in Black. They look nice and fit as expected, but my ankles, knees, and hips have never ached this much. I'm returning the shoes and going back to my old Nikes.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoes! These shoes are awesome!  I run, walk, do cardio, weights, so wanted something that would fit all those brackets.  These shoes did!  They are also super cute.  I am usually a size 7.5 or 8.  I ordered the 8 and they were a little tight at first, but after a few wears they were broken in and fit well now.
B005ZFCUIA They look nice -- prettier than other brand at the same price ... They look nice -- prettier than other brand at the same price range. If you have wide feet, then you may not feel very comfortable. I wear 8.5 and as other people suggested, I bought half size up and they fit well.
B005ZFCUIA Great Cross-Trainer Awesome fit, great workmanship. Fits true to size, very comfortable and has great support. Would like to purchase a second pair.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe I like the color very light weight comfortable everyone  says I love your shoes great fit great price will buy again
B005ZFCUIA Great shoe Shoes fit true to size, supper comfortable and light. Im seventh months pregnant and I can can still run in these shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Comfortable and Durable Came on time and fit perfect! I work in health care and am on my feet a lot. These are comfortable with good support. I have been wearing them for a month straight and no sign of wear and tear yet. Colors also true to picture.
B005ZFCUIA Love! Perfect fit! True to size and so comfortable! I am using these for Zumba and they are perfect! I am ordering a second pair to wear everyday!
B005ZFCUIA Love my new sneakers They are very comfortable and fit just right. Very happy with this purchase.
B005ZFCUIA Bye bye Nike, hello Puma's! I can see why some reviewers find them &#34;too small&#34; they're very padded (in a good way) making them fit like a glove. If you want extra room buy half a size up. It's not an uncomfortable tight to me, feels how a shoe should fit. Very very comfortable and good cushioned arch, which is great for my flat feet. I have normal width to my feet, if your feet are wide I would recommend going a size up as well (due to the padding) best shoes I've owned so far!
B005ZFCUIA Awesome fits well looks great i love puma products -mens shoes can be little on the tight side but this is perfect
B005ZFCUIA so far, so good the first time i ordered, i ordered half a number too small but that was my fault and not because the shoe did not fit as expected. exchange was incredibly easy, painless, and quick.i only wore the shoes for one (!) day so far though they felt great. i didn't notice them because they are light and fit well. i don't expect much change (i.e., for the worse). i bought them for the occasional run and other activities, so no serious wear, and i believe they will be perfect for that. they seem of great quality but again, i've only worn them for one day.the colors are a little stronger than in the picture but that makes them prettier. i'm not a fan of pink usually but i liked the combination with grey very much.i gave them 5 stars because i have nothing negative to say and am happy with the shoe, the look, quick delivery, and painless exchange.
B005ZFCUIA Five Stars Great fit, very comfortable.
B005ZFCUIA puma rock just got my shoes they look great and fit great just love my shoes thanks.alot will buy more pretty soon
B005ZFCUIA Stylin' I wouldn't reccomend these for running as they don't have very much support, but they are super cute and PERFECT for the elliptical or going for a short walk..I love them!
B005ZFCUIA Not bad These are pretty nice. I don't have an abnormally high arch or anything, yet the arch in these don't reach my foot. These sneakers do have an arch, their just not that high I guess. Which is fine, I'll just get an insert for them. These sneakers would work good for someone who is more flat footed. Also works great for high arched feet if you get an insert for them. My foot is a size 9.5 so I usually just get sandals in size 9 and sneakers in size 10. These sneakers in 10 are a good size for me. They fit how they should, having just enough room for my toes to move as they naturally should while being active. The sneaker around the ankle stays below the ankle enough as to not cause blisters or irritation... which I love. Over all I think I'm pretty happy. I think they'll last a long time. Their good quality, comfortable and I don't think it's going to be a painful process to break them in. Their nice fitting without being too tight and don't irritate any certain spots of my feet. The padding in them is nice, and they also seem breathable. I wouldn't get these sneakers again only because of the arch not fitting nicely, but that's just my feet. They may be great for yours. They are worth trying out. I like these enough to keep them and use them for the next few years :)
B005ZFCUIA Fit as expected My niece love them and fit as expected.
B005ZFCUIA Shoes I love them!!! So comfortable. They fit great. I get lots of coplements on them people wanting to know we're I bought them
B005ZFCUIA Puma shoe These shoes are exactly what I hoped they would be. The color is great.  People notice.  They fit my feet perfectly and feel wonderful.
B005ZFCUIA Very Comfortable!! these sneakers are great, they are very comfortable, light weight and give the needed support in the right places!
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable! I Love these shoes! The insides are so soft and plush! They fit perfectly and just feel great walking in them!
B005ZFCUIA Great sneaker, small fit Sneaker is definitely worth the money, very comfortable fit although it would be nicer to have more room on the top of my foot, doesn't cause any discomfort.
B005ZFCUIA Love them The color is amazing not to bright like shoes are now a day the fit was right on a little tight at first with all the padding but after wearing a day they were perfect.
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes and nice looking too! I bought these shoes for my girlfriend for her birthday..  She loves them and says they are comfy and fit nicely.  Very happy with this product.  Puma has always been a good brand of shoes for us.
B0062FNVDA Nice for Zumba, etc. I love these. The color is pretty, fit just my size in an athletic shoe, and they are great for any quick movement exercise class. Highly recommend.
B0064IPTA8 Pumafox shoes They are very comfortable and light. Also fit my feet (which are quite wide). Great running shoes for the price.
B0069RLG4W Rad! Support is great!Very lightweight.The treads are like little claws digging into the ground, propelling you forward! It's awesome!
B0069YRE3M Puma G. Vilas My seven year old son loves these shoes.  They fit true to size and have worn really well.  Only downfall is that they loose support towards the end of their life.
B006J7WSEY great fit, great look My son wears these and he is picky about his shoes. I was heartbroken when we couldn't find his beloved adidas in size 6.5 - we decided to give these pumas a shot and they are great,
B006J7WSEY Great Cleats My daughter loves these cleats.  They're stylish, fit well and unique!  They do fit kind of snug so it's probably best to get 1 size bigger!!
B006J7WSEY Great for little feet. Great fit and great look!My daughter loves them and they good on the soccer field, too.  They are also holding up under the abuse she is putting them through.
B006J7WSEY Great shoe and an awesome price! I bought these in a 3 for my 7 year old and they fit great even despite her slightly wide foot! We have only had a few practices but these ate wearing just fine!
B006J7WSEY Soccer Cleat I found these to be a little tight around the toes.  I ordered the next size up and they were a perfect fit.  My little guy loves these.
B006J7WSEY tight fit I ordered up a size for my daughter who loves soccer, and she is complaining that these shoes are too tight. Hoping they get her through this season. Beware PUMA's run really small.
B006J7WSEY Fit perfect I wanted to purchase a higher priced shoe but the sizing was not small enough, so I took a chance on this one. At such a good price, I was afraid the workmanship would be poor. As it turns out, the fit was perfect and so far, we've been pleased with the workmanship.
B006JCTRDO shoes I'm a mother of a 5yr. Old little boy who I purchase shoes for because you have a LARGE VARIETY, and the PRICES fit into my BUDGET, AND I WILL CONTINUE TO ORDER THROUGH YOUR COMPANY:-)
B006L269QU Comfortable turf shoes for women Fit great, slightly wider than cleats therefore not so tight. These work well for indoor soccer as turf shoes so you don't plant your cleats risking injury.
B006OEGJO2 my first perchasing puma's it looks exellant and fit my footi hope good score in the field with this lovely shoesif have a chance, recommend to friends
B006OEY2NC very pleased with the purchase I was expecting in a slightly tight fit because of an exact measurement and this product prove to be right on the money. good fit, comfortable shoes, very pleased with the purchase
B006OEY2NC Good option The shoes are exactly what I wanted and fit as expected. Will consider using the vendor again in the future because of this positive experience.
B006OEY2NC Great Shoes Great shoes, fit well  though I went 1/2 size larger than normal.  Arrived on time and the service was great.  No complaints at all.
B006OEY2NC Very Comfortable. These shoes were a Christmas gift for my 21 year old son.  As a young man, he likes the style and the comfortable fit.  He was very pleased and happy with these golf shoes.  I bought them because I felt they looked like a golf shoe for a young man.  He wears a 10.5 & 11 depending on the shoe and these were a perfect fit for him.
B006OEY2NC Great price and great shoes This is my first pair of spikeless shoes.  They fit better than expected.  I have a slightly wide foot, and they fit just fine.  They function just as well as spiked shoes and they are a lot more comfortable.  They look good too.  I am thinking of getting the white/blue pair too.
B006OEY2NC Great FIT! Awesome shoes!  I have wide feet, so the classic pointier toed shoes weren't as comfortable.  These fit great!  Highly recommended.
B006OEY2NC Hey, they fit! The shoes are comfortable. Anyone with wide feet knows the hassle of finding shoes, golf shoes especially. These actually fit. The toe box could be a bit wider but then they would lose some traction on damp courses. I had to up them from a 4 star to a 5 star because they came in S.F. Giants colors--perfect!
B006OEY2NC Fantastic for the price!!! I wore Footjoy Greenjoys before. These Pumas are fantastic, fit & comfort. I don't know if it was just luck, but I dropped 15 shot the first time I wore the Puma Faas shoes. I fealt great grip and really conected...
B006OEY2NC Great shoes and service The shoes fit great and the package came on time. I would recommend these shoes to every golfer. I live to tennis shoe feel for walking on the course and on pavement.
B006OEY2NC Golf Shoes The shoes were better than I expected, perfect fit, good quality and an excellent price!!!!!!!! I can always count on Amazon for everything I need when I am looking for things I need.
B006OEY2NC Nice shoe, tight fit The information says that the shoes are 9.5 in size and 2E in width.  The shoes are long enough, but don't seem to fit like a normal 2E width would fit.  They may be comfortable after they have been worn a while, but I believe they are a little narrow for what should be an normal 2E width.
B006OEY2NC great looking shoes shoes fit comfortably and will try on the field over the weekend - so far so goodthey do look good
B006OEY2NC GREAT GOLF SHOE, but The PUMAs fit fine and really anchor me.  However, the insides of the heels are mesh, and they tore up the backs of my heels by the fourth hole on my first time out with them.
B006OEY2NC 4 stars I usually wear an 8.5 or 9 in sneakers.  I bought the 9 in these and they fit fine.  The 8.5 would probably have been a bit better fit lengthwise but then I think they would have been too snug on the top part of my foot.  They are comfortable and seem to be waterproof and they look nice.  I would grab them if you are looking for some nice white golf shoes.  Also, I like the bottoms as they don't have the bigger spikes.
B006OEY4DK Five Stars Great fit, style and durability. Exactly what I hoped they would be!
B006OEZTU2 Everything I expected! Hi, living in a foreign country, the risks concerning size, etc. were pretty high haha. Fortunately, everything was as expected, size, colour, comfort, etc. A little side note: I play about 4 rounds of golf per week, hence, I need really comfy shoes, which these are.Other details:1) Colour is really &#34;flashy&#34; (can be too much for the traditional type golfers)2) Sole and clamps really comfortable and durable3) Really easy to fit, wear, clean, etc.4) Price is/was great (I bought them on sale =))5) Provide excelent gripI apologize for my English for I live abroad.
B006OG0FA4 Fast and good looking Fit a little smaller than regular shoe sizing but knew this from previous Adidas purchases. Got here fast, sooner than expected.
B006OG0FA4 Wifes Shoes She loves the look of the shoes (have not played in them yet), however they were a little more snug than expected at the center of the shoe.
B006OG0FA4 Love! Love! Love! What else can I say - except I love Pumas!! Pumas tend to run a little smaller & I needed to order a size bigger but they don't look any bigger and fit perfectly.
B006PF0KXG Fantastic It is so lovely . My little girl looked great in it. The fit was perfect as well as the colouring.
B006QO2SFO What a Cool Sneaker I took a chance as this was a warehouse deal at an awesome price! I love the shoes - wonder why others stated that the color was different from the picture - as mine were exactly what I expected - they are a dressy sneaker type - perfect for casual nights out and when I run errands - very happy!
B006QO2XP4 light as a feather So light, so comfortable, it is like stepping inside a cloud... I imagine...LOL.  it does not have very thick sole or insole but still very comfortable and enough support.  Don't reccomend for running but a great walking shoe.  And looks, well very cute and I like the no lace criss cross velcro closure.  Cool looking, easy to do and different!  Puma makes so many beautiful shoes.  Who says a sport shoe can't be beautiful?  I love these.  The pink/black was almost half price, though I would have loved to get the purple, but had to settle for hte pink/black for the great price.  NOw I love them becuase I realized they go with so much more of what I wear.  I have tones of pink and the combination of blacka nd white and pink is easy to wear with other colors.
B006QO2XP4 Nice Sneaker I was surprised when received sneaker of how nice they look and how perfect they fit. Sneaker is true to image and true to size. I really like and would recommend.
B006QO2XP4 Love these! I wear these all the time, they fit well and feel good.  The sole is not as thick or sturdy as a running shoe, but they are great silp on and go shoes.
B006QOI30I Puma shoes are great! Had a similar they were my favorite for comfort, lightweight and fit. My daughter talked me out of them, and I had to find another pair similar I missed them so.much.
B006QOI4L6 Great look & fit! Good support on the bottom of the shoe and they are very comfortable.  Worth the price for Puma leather sneakers!
B006QOI4L6 Puma Sneakers This is a replacement order for one that was too tight.  Wish Puma made width selections because original shoe was too tight on the sides.  Tried out similar models at local stores and determined size compatibility.  Shoes fit well now.
B006QOI4L6 Happy with these shoes Very happy as can not find shoes that fit in any of the sports shoe stores where I live, reasonable price also.Thanks.
B006QOI4L6 Puma Women's Drift Cat 4 Fashion Sneaker Very attractive sneakers.  I received the shoes and put them on without socks, at the end of the day, when one's foot is slightly more filled out.  The shoes fit like a glove.  When I put socks on, the shoes were tight in the sides and my right foot toes reached the front tip.  I have always been an 8 1/2 M but I have just reordered the same shoe one half size larger and I hope that the Pumas fit in length. The longer shoe may take care of the very close fit in the sides.  Puma should widen their shoe a little, the shoe runs a NARROW MEDIUM and the LENGTH is slightly off, too.  I guess the manufacturer used a bare foot, first thing in the morning, when sizing the mold.  I'll write back after I try the 9 M on regarding the fit.  Even though the fit was too tight with thin socks, I rated 5 stars as the shoe is attractive and feels nice on the bare foot.  If the 9M fits, I will be very happy with the Puma.
B006QOI4L6 I highly recommend Puma sneakers. The shoes fit perfect, true to size. They look just as I expected them too, I would highly recommend them. I have received many compliments on the look. I am going to buy more.
B006QOI4L6 Love the look - the fit is a little tight. I love the look of these shoes.  They are also cushioned nice.  But along the little toe area they're a little tight.  I do not wear wide shoes so I was surprised at the fit on these.  I'm wearing them around the house to break them in to see if they get more comfortable.  But this is why I usually don't buy shoes online.  :/
B006QOI4L6 Comfy Shoe I received them way before I was supposed to and they fit great.  I wore them all day and my feet were happy.
B006QOI4L6 Fits well and comfortable! I am regularly a size 8 so that is what I ordered. My feet are rather narrow and this shoe fit wonderfully! I love the way the arch fits my medium arched feet. They are very light weight which is perfect for walking in all day. Trust me I have walked all over Germany in these things. They feel better with thin or regular socks. Thick socks make me a bit tight in the toes. Other than that, these are the perfect all day walking shoes!
B006QOIEY8 Love them!!! They are so comfortable. I can always count on PUMA shoes to fit my wide feet perfectly. I have gotten several complements from my friends. I know they fall on the cheap side of the shoe spectrum but they are good sturdy shoes.
B006QOIEY8 I love my shoe hello I'm from Venezuela I love shoes I'm very happy with them fit my feet used to go to work and are very comfortable cost a long time coming, but it was worth the wait
B006QOIEY8 Great Shoe I've wore these shoes almost every day for about 20 days, didn't want to write a review based on the first few days of wearing them.These are great! I'm a victim of an excruciatingly inconvenient disorder called having wide feet, so it's hard to find shoes that are comfortable. While these are slim, they're still comfortable. Just like with every shoe, I got a half size bigger than what I normally wear so my wide foot will fit into it better. They are snug, but not uncomfortably so. There's plenty of cushion under my foot and plenty of arch support. I absolutely love these.
B006QOIP88 Lightweight, comfortable, stylish I got these for my 15 year old son and he loves them.  He is a tall, skinny kid who complains that his feet hurt a lot so he wanted something with a little more support without looking dorky.  He put these on and proclaimed they were like walking on clouds (except he said it in some hip, cool way).They seem durable, look good, great price and he likes them - perfect fit all around.
B006QOIP88 Perfect running shoe I tried these shoes out a year ago and absolutely love them.  Lightweight trainer that provide the right amount of cushion and support.
B006QOIQ4Q Great running shsoes I bought these shoes for my granddaughter. She is a counselor at UWF in Pensacola, Fl. She gets excellent wear and her feet don't get tired. She said thir insole support is great.
B006QOJ3HK Like them, but not much cushion I bought these mainly as a casual shoe, but also to be used for some 3-4 mi jogs.  I like the appearance and the fit over the top of my foot, but the sole leaves a lot to be desired.  I have an average to high arch and there's not much arch support, and I also like some cushion which there's very little of.
B006QOJ3HK I loved them!!! I purchased this shoes as a present for my boyfriend's birthday and he loved them, they are really comfortable and fit perfectly. He has kind of wide feet and they fit so good! besides they look amazing!
B006QOJ3HK Like walking on babies! Awesome, snug fit. It's like your feet are babies and someone wrapped them comfortably in blankets and now you're walking on those babies. Plus these babies are sexy! Great looking shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Great deal! Fit as expected and didnt even need broken in.  Felt like id been wearing them for a week the first time i put them on
B006QOJ8PM Smooth & great Excellent fit for me, nice, comfortable, light, stable, great to start Cross Training, highly recommended for short walks & home usage, nice looking by the way
B006QOJ8PM These shoes are excellent I've had problems with fallen arches and foot pain.  I also work out 50 hours a month.  I purchased these Puma a size larger than my other cross trainers and the fit is great.  I have no pressure on the outside edges of the foot, no pain in the arches and I'm not dying to get them off my feet when I get home.  And they look great!
B006QOJ8PM Fit is a bit large, but otherwise a decent cross-trainer Pros:Comfortable, breathable, very good stabilization in the heel, low-to-moderate rise in the heel.Cons:Not much arch support, sole is a bit stiff for running.This is a nice, comfortable cross-trainer.  It's a bit large, and if this is common across sizes (I typically wear a 9), I would suggest looking at something a 1/2 size smaller than what you typically wear.  Or just load up on socks.  The complaints about arch support and the stiff sole are minor gripes.  The shoe felt a lot worse when I first put them on, but they are breaking in nicely after about a week of occasional use.All told, these shoes will be my regular gym workout shoes and occasional/travel running shoes.  The arch support and sole are not really designed for serious running, but they will suffice for the occasional 5-10k while I'm away from home and don't want to carry too many sets of shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Good workout shoe I ordered the Puma Tazon 5 Cross training shoe due to the gold box deal price, but was pleasantly surprised when inspecting the shoes upon delivery. I don't particularly like the flashy colors of some &#34;sneakers&#34; and these shoes fit the bill.  I also do not like soles with deep lugs as they easily load up with rocks, dirt, etc so again these shoes fit the bill.  I have worn a 12D size for many years and these shoes fit well by giving me a good half-inch of toe play, but are a little more snug than I am accustomed to.  I will say that after a week or so of use, I have not had any blisters or foot irritation from 4-mile fast walk treadmill workouts and the snug fit does provide good support.  I originally was going to give a 4 star rating, but during this review decided that the product fulfilled my expectations so bumped it to 5 stars.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoe at a good price As others suggested, I went up a size when these were purchased. They fit extremely comfortably - wore them all day the first time with no issues.
B006QOJ8PM Comfy snug fit These shoes are a perfect fit, they are very light shoes compared to most. I wouldnt buy them as running/ workout shoes, but they are very stylish and comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM FIT TIGHT As with some of the other reviews, they run a little tight.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes! I have always loved the Puma brand  they fit my feet like a glove,  and comfortable too!  Fast shipping from Amazon Prime rocks!
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes for a great price They are great exactly what I expected! I love puma shoes and for this price you can't beat it great deal!
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe Look and feel great. I use them at the gym as well as hiking in a rocky national park. No issues except they run a little tight, but my foot is also a little wider than what I think is average. Can't go wrong for the price.
B006QOJ8PM Great sneaks! Nice fit.  Look good.  These are comfortable and stylish cross trainers which were just what I was looking for for my workout.
B006QOJ8PM good one very good shoes fit as expected and I recommend it. I saw it on special price and buy and worth every penny. is a very comfortable shoe the first day that I put them last longer than 12 hours continuous working and did not feel pain in the feet.
B006QOJ8PM Really great & comfortable shoes Really great & comfortable shoes! Makes my power walking w/my dogs much easier on my feet. Very good support! Glad to have found & bought them!.
B006QOJ8PM Awesome i love the look of these shoes the design the fit its awesome they got here in amazing time and very comfortable.
B006QOJ8PM Really comfortable, supportive shoe Back story:I'm middle aged, so I'm probably not the target audience for these shoes BUT I broke my foot a couple months ago and had to wear a "boot" until it was mended.I'm not great with doctor's instructions and after about a month, my foot still wasn't feeling right, but I wasn't going to wear that darned boot any more.I purchased these cross trainers intending to use them at the gym for additional support as I worked back into a workout routine.Funny thing...these shoes are so supportive and well padded that they feel better than the boot did AND I don't limp when I'm wearing them.I'm told it will likely take my foot another six months or so to get fully back to where it was and I intend to wear these sneakers as much as I can to help me do the job.Review:These PUMA's are good looking, but most importantly, they are practical, and effective.Cross trainers should be useful for a variety of athletic requirements - particularly the gym.These shoes are very supportive laterally as well as from the sole. There is good cushioning.The shoes run a bit on the small size, so you may want to order up a half or whole size from your street shoes.The quality seems to be quite good.I highly recommend these shoes.
B006QOJ8PM weird fit i think these shoes run extremely narrow, and that is why people have advised to purchase one size up. the problem is that they fit the width, but now it gives too much length. comfort was so so, nothing to write home about. maybe these shoes would have been OK had i not purchased the asics gel-kayano at the same time. returned these, kept the asics.
B006QOJ8PM great light weight shoe this sneaker has just the right amount of support and yet it is lightweight with a classic elegant style. Excellent.
B006QOJ8PM little tight but looks great. i wish puma made wide width. they fit alright, just a little snug. hoping they will stretch out a little.
B006QOJ8PM great fit Great pair of shoes. From users comments I was worried about fitting, but I morder muy size and they fit great.
B006QOJ8PM Fit as expected They do fit just as expected and feel very comfortable. The pictures were very helpful in picking style and color.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes My son is 14 & loves these shoes are comfortable & fit just right.  Was a great experience working with them.
B006QOJ8PM Going old Skool! I grew up wearing puma baskets back in the early 80's. I love the Tazon 5 NM running shoe. Although I do not plan to do any running! I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they fit just right. Great for style and comfort!!
B006QOJ8PM Perfect fit and style. I bought these for the gym, but the comfort, and the fit are so good I find myself wearing them everyday. I need to purchase at least two more pairs thank you puma.
B006QOJ8PM Look & Fit Awesome! I was sceptical about buying shoes on line.  I'm glad I did.  My new Puma's fit awesome and look even better.  I may look for a 2nd pair in black...
B006QOJ8PM Excellent Running Shoes...!!! Fit as expected. Confortable, light, nice looking. Highly recommended.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoes The Pumas cross trainers were first Pumas I ever bought. They were a little tight in width but length was fine and they look good. I got used to them quickly even though they could use slightly better arch support.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe for the money On my feet at work all day and these shoes feel great.  Much better than expected and excellent value for the price.
B006QOJ8PM 5 stars This pair fit just as expected and they are very comfortable. They look really nice also, so you can either use them for running or to just casual wearing.
B006QOJ8PM Too small Too busy to return them I found the shoes to tight across the top of my foot near the toe, with no way to loosen them there. The shoes feel snug when I first put them on, but after 30 minutes to an hour I want to take them off. I'll likely keep them because returning is kind of a hassle, but they don't make me happy like a shoe that fit well.
B006QOJ8PM Husband Loves them. My husband is VERY picky when it comes to shoes. He had a pair of these years ago and had since worn them out. We tried 5+ different brands styles of sneaker and he just didn't like them. We ended up with these again and he is so happy to find them. We can't find this style in any store anymore so this was a treat for him! They fit true to size and have great foot support.
B006QOJ8PM Perfect This is the perfect fit for once and is very comfortable. Thank you Puma for a great deal and good shoe
B006QOJ8PM exquisite The shoes are exactly as pictured.They are true to size but just a tiny bit tight, however, that is expected for all Puma shoes which is why I like them so much.Shipping was exactly as posted. I ordered 1 day shipping and they indeed arrived the next day. (I like that in a seller)
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable shoe for the gym and walking Spent a long time looking at options to buy through Amazon.I chose Puma because I have other Puma shoes and like the fit. the Tazon 5 did not disappoint, fitting exactly as expected, and after  wearing twice to the gym they became very comfortable on my feet.Blue Aster laces are rather bright, but I am getting used to them....I have ordered a pair of 48 inch oval black laces to tone the shoes down if I want to.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe for the price. I really like the fit of these shoes. I would buy these again. A very reputable brand at an amazing price. Thanks.
B006QOJ8PM Light, stable and comfortable I use this shoe for cross training, weight lifting, treadmill and stair climber.  I find the shoe to be very stable and comfortable.  It is very light weight and provides great support during my workout.  I am very pleased with this purchase and can definitely recommend it.
B006QOJ8PM great sneaker comfortable sole and sneaker. nice lines in design and fit well. would recommend for a casual sneaker but not great for athletics
B006QOJ8PM The reviews were right This is the first set of Puma's I have ever bought. In reading the reviews it was apparent they ran small. I typically wear an 8.5 so went with 9.5 and the fit was perfect. These are very comfortable shoes but would not use them as either running or in the gym. These are great for the casual walk around.
B006QOJ8PM great sneaker at a great price was looking for decent sneakers that were not $100. got these at a great price. decent sneakers..good fit; snug but not tight..will see how long they last.
B006QOJ8PM Comfort and style Love the comfort of the shoe. I'm on my feet 12 hours a day and these shoes fit the comfort and style I am looking for in a casual work environment.
B006QOJ8PM A bit tight Tighter in toes then usual. Otherwise they fit well. Nice shoe for the price.  Good support and stability while working out.
B006QOJ8PM great but They Fit True To Size, Very Comfortable And Supportive.  Seems To Be Very Well Made For A Very Reasonable price
B006QOJ8PM Puma Tazon 5 Very sleek and comfortable running shoes. Nice fit and the best of all very good price. I would gladly recommend them !
B006QOJ8PM Walking on clouds Literally, my feet now walk on clouds. I never know clouds were so soft until I slipped these rascalls on. Went up 1/2 a size and fit well.
B006QOJ8PM Nice looking shoes that don't fit. The shoes look great, but unfortunately they don't fit so I will be sending them back. Buy a bigger size then you normally ware.
B006QOJ8PM Confortable Fit and good looking This is a very good looking shoe for causal wear. I ordered a full size up and it gave the the correct fit that I was hoping for.
B006QOJ8PM Still pretty new, but okay so far. For a cross-trainer, I expected a little more stability, and was a little surprised to see that the cushion does identify it as a &#34;running&#34; shoe.  A little more arch support would be nice, too, but I guess you get what you pay for.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoe and fit The puma shoes were a perfect fit to my workout. They were excellent right out of the box and integrated into my 5 days a week workout regiment.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoes.. Love them They fit perfectly and are very light. I use them for running and fashion. I am extremely happy with my purchase!
B006QOJ8PM the  pricewas right I'm am not usually s big puma shore fan,  but these shoes fit and the price was right.  Probably would not  them if they were not on sale.  Happy with the but though.
B006QOJ8PM Mandy's thoughtful gift for Me. Perfect fit :) They fit perfect, am very pleased with the product and size. The style was choice and the smile on my face shows it much thanks Mandy. :)
B006QOJ8PM Very good. very comfortable and the fit was good Very good. very comfortable and the fit was good. best on line purchase I have made. thank you, and the price was good.
B006QOJ91U Good Quality Good fit and what I expected. I wear these shoe's almost daily and they are very comfortable. Nothing to complain about.
B006QOJDAW my faves I love these shoes! I wear them all the time.. perfect fit and so comfy! I constantly get compliments on them as well.
B006QOJDAW very uncomfortable... i expected a different fit since i have had before puma flats... but these were a disappointment... couldnt walk that much before packing them back... also very expensive for what ended up in being...
B006QOJDAW great shoe but... My wife thought they would stretch a little at the top of her foot/toes. that area was very tight and she had to get them stretched out
B006QOJSXE Not what I thought I have several of the Puma brand ballerina type shoes and these just were not what I expected them to be. Unfortunately, there is a small gap/opening in the side (it is supposed to be there) that just makes these shoes fit awkward. It's like the toes are too tight but the length is too long. I am working to find some sort of insoles that will work the back doesn't flop on and off my foot, they are a cute shoe if they would just fit properly.
B006QOK6TY Good Shoes for Zumba! I wanted to get a pair of shoes for my Zumba workouts that's cute, functional, and not too expensive. These fit my requirements, except I'm not a big fan of the metallic silver swoosh. Like the other reviewer mentioned, the outsole/platform of the shoes is designed weird that I find my feet sliding off to the sides sometimes. Or maybe because the shoes are too big? If only the shoes didn't form creases after an hour of dancing, I would've returned and got half size smaller. The bottom of the shoes have some friction at the beginning, but gets smooth over time, which allows for better sliding and gliding. Overall, these shoes are great value.
B006QOK6TY These are the  best shoes I have ever owned. My new Puma shoes give me the perfect support for my feet and are so comfortable to wear.  I recommend Puma to all my friends and co-workers.
B006QOK6TY not a good fit bought these for zumba, but they are terrible.  They provide no support and don't look that great either.  would not recommend
B006QOK6TY lovin'  pumas Im a 7.5 and got an 8 which fit perfectly . I love the color and the look of these shoes! :) I would definitely recommend them .
B006QOK6TY Buy it Big The colors are spectacular!  The long vamp makes your foot look really long, but the length of the shoe is very tight.  I wear an 8 or 8 &1/2 in most shoes.  (Usually 8 in flats.) I ordered the 8 & 1/2 but it was too short even barefoot.  Had to return them.
B006QOK6TY Great fit and feel, not performance i expected. The sneakers had great fit and comfortable feel. However they weren&#8217;t up to the task for Zumba class. The sole didn&#8217;t provide the right amount of movement and slippage, even on class wooden dance floor.
B006QOK6TY The normal Puma fit There is much about this sneaker that I really like-it's lo profile and fits as expected- bit small like all Pumas. The problem for me is the big swoosh-it's too garish, too bright, shiny and silly looking. I sent them back. I would feel foolish and juvenile in them.
B006QOK6TY love these shoes Fit perfectly  and look great. Even though the ones I ordered with them are the same size these actually fit a lot better.
B006QOK96Y Ugh Bought these shoes to replace my run down Shoxx, which I adored.  I am flat flooted, so it is hard to find a shoe that works for me.  These will be added to the pile that did not work.  There is limited support, and they run narrow. I wore them around Chicago when I was there, and I had blisters on top of blisters.  I haven't worn them since.
B006QOK96Y fit with comforth Love, love, love! this running shoe it was all i wish for and more comforth and very lite on my feet.
B006QOK96Y extremely uncomfortable This shoe sucks!!!  No other way to put it!  When I received them I couldn't get my feet in them but finally was able.  They stretched out.  After wearing them for a few weeks, I have horribly back and leg pain.  No ankle support at all!  Would not reccommend these!
B006QOK96Y Incredibly comfortable, but definitely not for running I bought these because I do a lot of walking through the day and I needed a good walking shoe.  These fit the bill perfectly.  Although they are described as running shoes, they do not have sufficient support/padding for me and my back would suffer terribly.  I recommend them for women that want a stylish shoe for walking and getting things done.
B006QP37LW Awesome shoes! Great price and shippping! Thank you for a smooth purchase. The sneakers are great. Good fit, true to size and stylish. Puma is making a comeback!
B006QP37LW Wonderful fit and style. The 8-1/2 is true to size.  Feels like wearing slippers from the first time you put them on.  Very stylish.
B006QP38XY Verry happy I love the shoes.they came quick and I love the way they fit and the way they look they are cool I would buy again
B006QP38XY I like it It's stylish I bought this for my friend he liked he said it's fit and comfortableI recommend to buy itI think it's price little expensive.
B006QP3CCQ Nice to look at, no support These shoes are cute and support the ankles, but there is no support whatsoever in the shoe base. Don't use them for any long walking if your feet need support.
B006QPLSZ4 Great shoes I normally have to get a EEE for some shoes I wear, but these fit fine and cause no discomfort. The style is great too, subtle enough to represent my favorite F1 team without being bright and super gaudy.
B006QPLVA6 Awesome look!!! To tight The shoes look awesome. But the problem is if you have wide feet like me!!!! To tight!!! Need to be specific with the wide selection.
B006QPN3ZW thank you I purchased the Puma mens drift cat 4 shoes in white/blue size 11us ...and they fit and look GREAT!!thanks
B006QPN3ZW Great looking shoes These are great looking shoes in true blue color.  The quality of the leather is great and shoes looks amazing on.  Love the white stripe contrast.  Order one size for a better fit.  Pumas are almost aways smaller in fit.
B006QQ0QWY Puma fan I loved these shoes, I saw them a year ago and they were $100, but saw them here for a better price, great fit and comfortable
B006QQ0WYG love these shoes. I have two pairs of puma,s and I love them both. This pair more streamlined to fit my foot, I always wear them before and after work to give my feet the comfort and support they need. Recommend them highly for people who stand all day.
B006QQ0WYG street race? something about these shoes makes me want to step on it. they fit me in my regular size but most people say to go up. good support and they look pretty damn awesome
B006QQ129K Bought as a gift My grandson loved the product and it fit very well. He  found it stylish and it fit in with what the teens were wearing.
B006QQ13DU not too sturdy Not too sturdy material too soft the work i'm doing feet needs more support for ankles and soles something inside hurts feet if you tie too tight
B006QQ18MQ Great Fit My hubby loves this sneakers. Fit perfectly and looks great. Very comfortable. I read the reviews before purchasing it and saw alot of reviews from other customers stating that you have to buy the sneakers a size bigger and that's exactly what I did
B006QQ1B3W Puma Men's Drift Cat 4 Sneaker,Gray Violet/Steel Grey,8 These shoes fit as expected. I love Puma shoes, especially those that are suede uppers. I have a couple of other pairs of Pumas and love them all.
B006QQ1C5E Great shoes! Despite the reviews saying the shoes fit somewhat tight, I didn't really have that issue. The toe box is, indeed, narrower than a regular athletic shoe. However, it's part of the shoes' design and their intended use: driving. I think it's not that big of a deal, though. Great looking shoes.
B006QQ1C5E Style and Fashionable Very sleek and fashionable appearance...very comfortable...although not recommended for wide-footed people...i had to return them once for a bigger size to accomodate the tight-fit,front part of the shoe. Great sneaker regardless. Five Stars!
B006QQ1C5E Not what I expected I ordered these sneakers and they were suppose to be 9.5. They fit extremely tight, and don't look nothing like the pictures.
B006QQ1C5E These shoes can take a beating. I've been wearing these shoes nearly every day for about 5 months now, and have put at least 2,000 miles on the bike with them commuting 5 days a week.  At first they were very tight, especially around the ball of the foot/toe area.  Now that I've broken them in, they fit like a glove!  So comfortable.  I like the thin sole.  If you are looking for a lot of support, or a loose fitting walking shoe, keep looking.
B006QQ1CCW Nice looking shoes I rate high this shoes because they look really nice fashionable, fit ok and are comfortable I use this shoes for the gym except in the treadmill
B006QQ1HZ4 !!!I love it...:) !!!Great fit and feel..Easy to wear and take off shoes for every day practical uses...I love these shoes....thank you so much...:)
B006QQ1HZ4 Fit perfectly, great looking I saw these at the Ferrari store in the Wynn Las Vegas.  Checked Amazon and they were in stock, in my size and MUCH less than the store in Las Vegas.  I was concerned with the fit but when they arrived, they fit perfectly.
B006QQ1HZ4 Awesome shoes! i'm loving this Puma shoes, they fit perfectly and the design is really nice too. i'll be getting the M2 soon...
B006QQ1NXU strange fit These shoes weren't really too big or too small, they just fit weird and are very narrow. The front half of the shoe is very pointed, which I did not care for. Looking down at my feet they looked like shoes for a little girl with such a pointy front end. I really did not care for these, they also aren't leather. I am returning them.
B006QQI3ZQ Awesome Shoes Great snug fit, goes great for running, boxing, martial arts, and weightlifting. I love the free feeling of movement and traction when wearing them. Very light weight and probably good for free runners too(I dont free run)
B006QQI76Q Great sneaker The person this sneaker was purchased for said they were extremely comfortable and fit perfectly.  There were no complaints about the sneakers.
B006QQI76Q Puma Fast Cat Sued Love the shoes .  Love Em.  I wear a 10.5  but I knew they ran big so I ordered an 11.5  perfect fit.
B006QXPZT6 really long legs im 5'6'' and ordered a small. the legs seem to be about 4-6 inches too long and because of a weird fit they almost feel like they're on backward. Also a very straight cut. The foot hole is from my heal to mid foot witch I think is to big for any type of training.
B006QYHHFU nice fit the jacket is very comfortable,fits snuggle enough and is very important. It can be used for most occasions when stepping out
B006VE7KVG Great Quality Shoe My son loves the fit, the look, and the style.  Fast Shipping and a good price.  Good find and size is true to fit.
B006VEQH42 great My daughter loves these~ they are comfortable and she doesn't feel like her foot is being smothered too tight. l
B006VESI5I These shoes are my grandson's favorites These shoes fit great - my grandson wants to wear them everyday.  We love them.  They are perfect for school and for walking.
B006VETNCA excellent traction! Shoes are nice and solid with good support. Great traction on both Futsal and Gym floors. They do run 1.5 to 2 sizes small so if your kid usually wears a size 5 sneaker, plan on ordering a 6.5 or 7.The only complaint my son has is that there is not enough padding on the back by the achilies tendon so it pinches his foot on quick turns. I will have to add some gauze to his sock to protect his foot until this shoe breaks in a bit.Oh yea, and they look great too!!
B006VWJSL8 great jacket Bought as a gift. Its a great fit for my 15 yr old nephew. Also fits my brother in law 28 average size
B006VWJSL8 I love it It looks good, it's just as advertised and the size fit perfectly. I can't really say more. It's just what I wanted and expected.
B006VYXVZ0 Great for School. These shoes look and fit better than expected. Buy with confidence and no regrets. They wash very well!!  She will love them.
B006W1DT1I Growing intp He needs to grow a bit more for them to fit.  I was so glad to find them, I did order early.  Mom likes them very much but  is not wearing them just yet.  Now know where I can find them again when I want more.
B006W1DT1I We love it It is a real fashion sneaker, somewhat tight, but after a few days it fits ok.My boy love it so do I.
B006WBB4D8 Work Shoes I have to dress business casual for work and needed something that has more support than most flats you can find. I, however, didn't want to pay $100 for them. These work nicely, are a great price, and I love the look, the only negative thing I can say about them is that the fit around the balls of my feet is a little snug. I don't really have what is considered wide feet, but I think with a little more time (I've only had them a week or so) they will stretch out nicely. I would buy these again.
B006WBB4D8 Comfortable and Versatile This shoe is exactly as the picture shows.I love it because it can be worn with jeans in a casual way or dress it up with a pair of leggings and a dress.I am a heel addict, but they have begun to take their toll on my feet.So, I&#8217;m venturing over into the world of flats.These shoes are very cute and comfortable which has made the transition much easier.The only reason I didn&#8217;t give these 5 stars is because I wish there was a little arch support.
B006WBB4D8 Not enough support I was looking for a little more support for a walking shoe.  It was attractive and a cute ballet shoe but not enough support for sightseeing.
B006WBB4D8 Comfy shoes! I came across these shoes while trying to find gray flats that I could wear to work (Business-casual attire).  I was intrigued because they were Puma shoes, which I associated with comfort & durability.  I haven't been disappointed at all, as they look great with dress slacks, skirts, and with casual wear!  They have good support, though not great/superior support, they are a far cry from retail chain flats (hey, I love those, too, but am getting to the point that I need more support & comfort!).  The color is a gray/silverish that blends w/ different colors of grays-- it really is a great neutral to have in your closet; also looks great with bright colors, such as magenta, coral, blue, etc.  The fit is true--if you are between an 8 1/2 & 9, go for the 9.
B006WBB4D8 Awesome shoes These shoes are so comfortable, they have very good support and are now some of my favorite shoes now.They stay comfortable even after working in them for 8 hours.
B006WBUL1Y Wanted to love them The shoes themselves are great.  Love the material, the mesh, very lightweight and comfy.  The problem is sizing for me.  I tried on a 10 in the store (Puma's nearly always run small for me) and as expected it was tight in the toe but fit everywhere else.  I ordered an 11 from Amazon (note, they do offer a 10.5 but I decided to go for the 11).  Upon trying them on, the toe felt the exact same as the 10, tight and hitting the front of the shoe.  However, the heel was very, very loose and would not stay on.  It's like they added the extra room but in the wrong direction.  So unfortunately, these are going back.
B006WBWD6A Perfect fit These shoes r so cool, very comfortable and plenty of compliments. Not tight fitting at all....I would recommend this shoe u won't regret it
B006WCN6QK Puma Martial Arts shoes Very nice shoes. Exactly what I expected at a decent price!!!! The shoes are comfortable and light easy to put on and fit like a glove.
B006WCN6QK Really nice sneakers, perfect fit Recently ordered these shoes and was really pleased with them once they arrived. It took only 3 days for them to be shipped (using the Free Shipping option) so that was a definite plus. This was the first time i ordered sneakers over the internet so I was a bit worried that they wouldn't fit or would look a lot different than the pictures online. Also my first time buying Pumas. I was very happy because these shoes fit perfect (I mean like a glove) and look exactly like the photos. The Velcro straps seem to make the shoes fit better on your feet. They are also very comfortable to walk in. Only had them a few days but so far I am VERY happy with the product. 5 stars for sure!
B006WCN6QK Awesome these shoes are awesome i wore them yesterday for the first time and everyone wants to know where i got them  the fit is right easy to clean looks and feels good  these are my new shoes to go here and there
B006WCN6QK Perfect fit and feel I am constantly in search of stylish footwear for my adult son, Raymond.Raymond is Autistic and had never mastered the art of shoe tying.This sneaker quickly became his shoe of choice.  The fit is obviously verycomfortable and the style matches most of his wardrobe.  We are extremelypleased with this purchase.....
B006WDOIEI love it very nice i love them i could wear them any time very comfortable, they fit as expected . if you like them go for it
B006WDOIEI Purchased for my Mommie I purchased for my mommie& she  attends exercise classes at the senior Citizen Center& she loves the shoes. She says she has great support.
B006WDOSUC Sleek looks but no cushioning I bought these for Zumba, hoping a sleeker, lighter, closer-fitting shoe would keep me from stumbling over my feet the way I do in my usual clunky trail runners.The fit is fairly close to the foot and slightly on the narrow side, so if you order your regular athletic shoe size and wear thicker-weight athletic socks, don't expect much extra room. If you want to add an insole or arch support, plan to go up at least a half size. Ditto if you just want a roomier fit.The factory insole is attached to the inside of the shoe, but it would be fairly easy to pull out if you want to completely replace it -- and you might want to, because the insole offers ZERO arch support and virtually nothing in the way of shock absorption. On the other hand, because it's completely flat, it's easy to simply lay your own insole or arch support right over it, as long as you make room by sizing up.THE GOOD:- I love the look and feel of this shoe for casual wear and possibly low-impact workouts. It's super sporty and I feel light, sleek, and agile in it. The upper is light  weight and airy so my feet feel comfy. It rates a 5 in the style department. I'm a particular fan of the black/grey with hot pink trim.THE BAD:- My biggest gripe, and the reason I returned these, is the complete lack of arch support or cushioning. I did a 1-hour Zumba class in them, and my forefoot felt completely battered halfway through from all the jumping, much worse than with my well-cushioned regular shoes. I tried adding an insole, but I didn't have room for it and my toes went numb because it was too tight.- I thought the closer fit would be great for providing stability when moving side-to-side, but the sides don't have that much structural support, so I still had a problem with my foot moving inside the shoe no matter how tight I tied them. (To be fair, it was much less of a problem than I had with my extra-roomy running shoes.)- The lacing system doesn't really help provide whole-foot stability. Even when it was so tight the laces were hurting the top of my foot, it felt a bit sloppy around the forefoot when moving side to side.THE BOTTOM LINE: A great-looking lightweight shoe, but at best only OK for low-impact workouts. Not recommended for Zumba or other high-impact activities unless you size up and add more support. Even, then I can't vouch for your results.
B006WDOSUC I like it a lot! i like it a lot!they fit perfectly, they have very good feet support, super confortable for running and do fitness, the size is rigth,  and not to mention they are so beautiful.totally recommend it
B006WDOSUC Cute shoes The shoes are cute and fit okay.  But there is no padding in the heal area.  Maybe I just need to break them in better, but I definitely do not wear these shoes very often because of them rubbing into my heals.
B006WEI3BQ nice shoe its comfortable, exactly what i expected. im actually looking forward to working out now. hope it stays in tact for a while
B006WEI3BQ Looks cute , but.... Let me start by saying I LOVE the way Puma sneaks fit my feet...However, these 'training' sneaks had very little bottom support.They were more like fashion shoes, & there is no way I could trust them toBe comfortable for walking OR training.Had to send them back. Got a pair of Asics gel blur33's-- super dooper support, comfort, and style.
B006ZN6PT6 Wonderful These shoes are light and comfortable its easy walking and running with them. also suitable for summer very cool . I recommend them to everyone.
B006ZN6PT6 GREAT shoe Comfortable!Look great!Fit PERFECTFAAS foam 900 is a tad soft for anything other than basic wearing.. wouldn't recommend for true athletic endevors
B006ZO2ZJY GREAT They fit good - what I expected.  Maybe, just maybe will get some arch supports that is only because I have high arches anyways.Great sale for me!
B006ZO3U0C Snug shoe, fits like a glove but--- I normally LOVE Puma sprint spikes. They fit snugly and give great support for my flat, pronating feet I used to wear the Theseus Complete, but Puma no longer makes them. For some reson the EVO sprint KILLS my right big toe. I've tried three pairs of the EVO's in two different sizes with the same results--intense pain in my right big toe. I recently found the Theseus Complete model again and the pain disappeared. The sole design seems to be the same in both shoes, but the Theseus--at least for me--is more comfortable and less painful. Does anyone else have similar experiences or suggestion?
B0071BUID0 Comfort and style at a great price! The fit is good and the look is better.  These shoes hold up to frequent washings.  They deliver great value.
B0071BUID0 Four Stars Very nice shoes fit nice
B0071BW9KK problem w back of sneaker the sneaker looks great and fits well however the back of the sneaker is curved in too close to the back of the ankle above the heel and rubs when you walk and move causing the skin to become raw or even can cause a blister. I have to put a bandage to prevent the sneaker from rubbing
B0071BW9KK Great for Zumba! Straight out the box to Zumba for an hour. AWESOME!!!! Feel so lightweight in the hand that I was doubtful of their functionality. However, as soon as I slipped them on my feet I felt fabulous arch support. The toes are slightly &#34;sticky&#34; in a good way for gripping the floor for lunges etc. The little pivot ball is fab for the myriad turns in Zumba. So comfy I could wear these for street shoes. Lots of room in toe box for even my wide feet. And you CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE!!! What a great shoe at great price!!!! No issues with rubbing anywhere on my feet. Wore with ankle sox. LOVE THESE SHOES!!!!
B0071BW9KK Another great puma Puma is a great company per usual, and I have always had great products from them.Without fail I always wear the same size regardless of style in Puma shoes, this is the typical 8.5 size for me.Sizing fit great. The back of the heel sort of rubbed my ankle but this is normal for Puma shoes and I just wear higher socks for a few days to break them in and that always solves the problem. They are good to go now.Was worried about the flat structure of the shoe and not having enough arch support but the shoes have a very surprising amount of support.  I could actually use these to run in for a mile or 5k if I had to. Would not make a habit of it but if in need.  These are the perfect everyday shoe, great for walking in the city or on vacation. The sole of the shoe seems rather durable and is very comfortable to walk on.They are very lightweight.The mesh is very breathable and perfect. These are intended for my summer wear.  I got to wear them for a few weeks before it snowed to break them in. I would greatly advice against these in wintry conditions you will end up with wet socks and cold feet.There are two things I do not like about the shoes.1 the shoe laces are ridiculously long, so I have to tuck them in.2 the shoe lip cannot be connected to the laces so it slides to the inside of my foot. The material of the lip is very odd. It is plastic like and rather stiff. This might break in with time but trying to get the lip to not slide over is not working. It is also slightly uncomfortable where the top of the lip hits the ankle. Was expecting a more mesh like lip or something nicer.Still overall I like the shoes so will keep them.
B0071BW9KK Runs small I normally buy a 9 in open toe shoes or they are too big and a 9.5 in closed toe shoes or my big toe touches the end.  I ordered the 9.5, as I normally do, but they just barely fit.  Other than that, the shoes are fine and a good buy at the sale price.  I will pass them on to one of my girls rather than return them.  I do not feel that they would be suitable for any kind of a workout but will fine to wear to school or running errands.
B0071BWI1U Great quality, perfect fit As with puma, most people know to go up at least a half size to make sure they fit perfect. Thats what I did. I'm a 10.5 and I picked up a set of these in an 11. They fit perfect. Also, they don't crease as much on the toe (maybe because I haven't worn them enough) But they are excellent to drive in, and feel natural.
B0071EAEFO I love it! I bought these shoe for my little brother for his birthday and he absolutely loved them! They fit great and are excellent for indoor soccer. It is a shame he likes them so much, that he doesn't want to actually use them to kick the ball around.
B0071EAEFO Good Shoes Nice shoes, They fit comfortably. I enjoy the look, but they are also quite functional as shoes. Overall good for the turf or street
B0071F0AKW great shoes i'm a puma fan. i have many varieties. these give great support and the colors are really vibrant. great shoes
B0071F0IN6 Quality and Value These shoes are of sturdy construction, stylish and fit as expected. they are comparable to higher end brands, I am pleased I got these for my husband.
B0071F0IN6 Great Shoes I ordered my normal size for these shoes not knowing if they would be bigger or smaller. I tried them on with my soccer socks and they fit really well. They fit my feet more snug than normal shoes but I would expect that's what you want out of a soccer cleat. First time wearing them I only had one spot on the inside of my left ankle get raw from the shoe rubbing against my skin. Other than that these are a great pair of cleats and they arrived at my door on the day expected.
B0071F0K66 Great shoe ...great price The fit was perfect and performance terrific! My son enjoys these shoes very much and he's an avid soccer player.
B0071F1H9A perfect fit this pair of shoes is very comfortable sport and looks great, I love puma shoes because hi have all of these qualities
B0071F2DOS Surprised... I am very satisfied with my purchase. The color is eye catching and the fit is expected. About a half size too small... that being said, a little wear and they fit well. People really notice them...
B0071RGGYY Just what i expected Shoes were pretty, just what i expected fit perfectly i couldnt find these any where else turned out i found them here
B0071RGWAM Great Cute and easy to get on. My daughter loved the sparkles. Fit just as expected fit according to size great
B0071RGWAM Looked like they would fit a 6-7 yr old New mom here. I guess I thought little kids was for baby/toddlers but it's not. These went back. Looked like they would fit a 6-7 yr old. Nice color and design though
B00721GPCW Puma drift cat 4 shoes black! Fit great! We love these shoes for our son. They are true to size and fit perfect! We bought the black colored ones.
B00721I2JG Wish they came in my size My daughter loves these shoes. She wears them to daycare and can easily doff and don them herself. They fit great and look very stylish.
B00727EVWM My daughter won't take them off They fit perfectly.  Great support.  The picture shows the shoe exactly, no surprises when they arrive.  She is sleeping in them!
B00727EVWM PUMA Cell Tolero / Kids Running Shoe LOVE this shoe! Our toddler has narrow feet, so we tend to lean toward the PUMA line because they fit her so well. The shoe fit as expected and we love the design!The shoes even arrived a day early! Our daughter knew the expected delivery date- she was so excited about her new shoes that she was telling her school friends each day how much closer she was to receiving them. She was SOOO excited when she saw the package at the door a day early!
B00727EVWM Nice shoes, good fit My daughter put these on and immediately started running around with them, because she loved how cute they were.They fit very well, and accurate to the size indications that are provided.
B00727EVWM great These shoes fit great, are super cute, and easy enough to keep clean.  they also have a pull-out liner (intended to assist with making sure the size is appropriate), but I love that for emptying out the sand that gets in her shoes!
B00727EVWM Nice shoes Shoes fit my grandson as I ordered. They Look great on my grandson and are holding up nice for him.
B00727EVWM Puma Cute, supportive and fits comfortably.Shock support, bright colors. My kindergartner loves them. They also have removable pads for when her feet grow.
B00727EVWM Puma Cell Tolero 3 V Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),Black/Bright... My son had tried theese snickers on in the store, but they did not have his size.After ordering theese online, we recieved thim in two days and he is loving them!We had free shipping/ no tax, so the price turned out to be less had we bought them at a store.The fit is comfortable and they are well made. My son puts them on/ adjusts fit himself with the velcro straps.I would definetly recommend theese.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes. Fit perfectly.  Super fast shipping!! Great shoes. Fit perfectly.  My son loves them. Shipped and received extremely fast!! I love that the spikes came unattached from the shoes and came with the attachment tool.
B0073G9NNO Great shoes worth it! My son is a sophmore in high school, top runner in his event, he says they fit perfect, he says they are tight in the middle which gives him the support he needs!  Considering ordering another pair for back up!!
B0073G9RI0 Yay! I have a chronic/recurring Achilles tendon issue. I tried to wear minimalist shoes for a while, which just exacerbated the problem. These are my first new shoes since I was able to start running again. Although my heel is sore after I run, it feels fine during a run. The fit is as expected--I wear a 9B, and I got a half size larger for ample room in the toe box.
B0073G9RI0 Puma Fan I have become a Puma fan.  After years of wearing Brooks and Reebok shoes I tried a Puma running shoe a few years back and now I can't say enough about how comfortable they are.  Light and soft - no blisters.  I'm a type II diabetic and need to be extra careful with what I put on my feet.  Remember to go a half size larger, they run a little small.
B0073G9Z4Q Awesome cushioning, but not best for supinators Ordered these for their enhanced cushioning because as a supinator (feet roll outward upon striking), cushioned running shoes are best.  However, these are bit too narrow for my wider foot, so these Pumas allow too much supination. The Puma Velosis is a much better fit for my foot type.  A real bummer.  Had to return.  Otherwise, a very nice looking and great feeling shoe!P.S. The Saucony Echelon are now my go-to running shoe for appropriate fit.
B0073GAUC2 Darling These shoes are comfortable and light weight.  I like that they have some color to them but are not entirely bright and outrageous which seems to be the theme with running shoes these days.  They also fit true to size.  I have ordered pumas in the past that ran large but these were a perfect fit.  Great style for a great price.
B0073GAUC2 Nice fit Very comfortable and light weight. Good deal for the price. They shipped and arrived alot faster than I expected them to.
B0073IR6PE Outstanding! I bought this shoes for my husband and at first look they look a little heavy but once my husband wore them he said that they are light to wear and the fit is perfect from the sides as he has issues with shoes that must of them fit tight from the toes. ...not this one! great item to buy.  Thanks.
B0073IRJOW Fast delivery, tight fit. Shoes delivered fast and on time. But the shoes had a tighter fit than what I am used to, it is possible I have wider feet than the average person. Good product well made.
B0073ITVP2 Great shoes The first time i wear it, it's as comfortable as a pair of old shoes. It's lighter and more comfortable than i expected,
B0073IUO62 They are purple... not blue.  I expected the shoe to be as described, white, blue, aged silver, but the blue portion is actually purple.  They fit snugly and provide good heel and ankle support.
B0073IW118 Nice looking shoes These shoes look really good.  When I use them for actual exercise, though, they hurt my feet on the outside bottom of my foot.  I think there is a lack of arch support.
B0073IW118 Great cross trainer I read lots of sneaker reviews before I ended up with these.  They fit great, are very light, and work for a variety of exercises.
B0073IW118 Great Great shoes... Fit great.... great for running or just casual.  Definitely the best I have ever had... Better than nike,  reebok,, under armor... Etc
B0073J8SG4 Got for my husband It was an early birthday present, the shoes arrived earlier than i expected, and they fit perfectly. my husband loves them, he says they're perfect running shoes, very light.
B0073JM59K Not what I expected. Item arrived on time.  But I think for the $35 it was just too much to ask for.  The quality was not what I expected and they were very uncomfortable, they actually hurt.  Enough said.
B0073JM59K Gold Laces Rock! These shoes are awesome. They fit true to size and very comfortable. The gold laces they came with make them look even better!
B0073XDY6Y Perfect Casual Flats! I'm use to flats not having much support so I didn't think these shoes would be any different. When I got them and tried them on I was so surprised about how comfortable they were!I absolutely love these shoes! Cute, casual, and comfortable!These shoes are also good quality shoes.
B0073XEDDC Wish they had my size I love these shoes.  Just the right mix of cute ballet flat and sneaker.  I am between a 7.5 and 8 in Puma shoes and I needed an 8 in these, but when I returned the 7.5 the 8s were sold out.  If your achilles is sensitive these shoes may rub the back of your heel.
B0073XIITC not the best. Is not soft than what I tough. But is kind comfortable. And  fit ok.Not my best pair a shoes.
B0073XIITC SNUG FIT A little tight. I'm hoping they will loosen with wear.  Leather is a little different than I'm use to. I was expecting a little snug because of the support feature. Keeping fingers crossed because they look great on me.
B0073XIITC Good product/Great Price I was just thinking I would like new shoes and then the deal of the day showed up in my inbox. :) Love them. Little smaller than I expected so my arch insoles don't fit. Oh well.
B0073XIITC Really nice shoes I love these shoes. They look great, they feel great. I love puma shoes in general and these are probably the most comfortable so far that I have had. I listened to everyones recommendation to go up 1/2 of a size, so instead of geting an 81/2 I got a size 9. When it came, I looked at the shoe and thought no way is that big thing gonna fit my foot. But it did! Perfectly too. It even a bit snug and I was almost worried but after 15-30 mins of walking in them, they formed to my foot a bit better and felt awesome. I would def. recommend these shoes to anyone, and YES go UP 1/2 of a size!
B0073XIITC Got it for mother She loved it!Perfect fit,Feels smoothbeautiful bright colors!Although the price seems a bit too much in my opinion, I would still recommend these shoes
B0073XIITC Awesome Shoes and Perfect Fit I was worried a little after reading the reviews about the sizing of these shoes, but if anyone knows Puma's, they are a thinner shoe. I could see how this would confuse some into believing the shoe was too small, when in fact it is just too skinny for some. I love Puma's though and the fit. Beautiful Shoes.
B0073XIITC love these shoes I reviewed comments and saw these shoes run a little big, I wear a 9 so I got a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect!!!
B0073XIITC cute these shoes fit good, they pinch a little at first but stretch out , lots of compliments on them !
B0073XIITC Fit Great! These shoes fit better than expected.  Great for traveling.  Even better for exercising including walking.  Will definitely purchase another pair when needed.
B0073XIITC Great shoes, excellent price I read the reviews and ordered these shoes a half size larger than I normally wear and they fit perfectly.  The shoes are lightweight, look great and I got them for an excellent price.  They are not my usual brand, but they are very comfortable and look good.
B0073XIITC Nice shoe I have been walk/running in shoe for 2 weeks now with no issues. Good support. I knew it ran small (like Nike) so got the 7 1/2 vs 7 and no problem with the fit. delivered timely as expected.
B0073XIITC The wife reports these are a bit on the snug side. Not small enough to return but just a little snug. I'd expect them to stretch a little after some use and fit just right.
B0073XIITC Running or Cross Trainer? It's sold as a cross-trainer, but request to review lists this as a running shoe.  I moved to a cross trainer for zumba as I needed more support than the dance/cheer shoes would give.  They are okay for zumba until you have quick movements and then the treads on the bottom catch the floor.
B0073XIITC Puma Women's shoe Love these.  They fit me perfectly.  Are so comfortable to wear while working out and my feet don't hurt after!Definitely would recommend
B0073XIITC They just don't fit correctly... I am not thrilled with these shoes.  They are stiff and my foot lifts out of them when I walk.  I know I can't return them because I've used them but I am not happy at all with them.
B0073XIITC Puma I love the Puma shoes, they fit perfectly and are light weight and comfortable. Cannot wait to break them in!
B0073XIITC Great sneakers! Love these sneakers. They are super comfortable and look great! They are a Great value for the price, better than I expected
B0073XIITC Great Work Out Shoes Wife was looking for Cross Training shoes for home workouts with good support. Helps that the shoes look great and fit well. I would buy them again.
B0073XIITC I've been looking for pumas that weren't too expensive and ... I've been looking for pumas that weren't too expensive and that were really cute! This fit both and they're incredibly comfy
B0073XIITC Great supportive shoe. 5 stars I've been trying my share of women's athletic shoes this year and every year. This one is tops. The support the comfort is superb. I really love the colors and the big bonus is the classic look they have. I have had extreme injuries and these are the best shoes for me I have found to date. Just look at those clean lines. Just step inside them. You'll see. They are wonderful.
B0073XIITC Love this  shoe! I've been wearing these shoes for about 2 months now and I love them! They fit super nice and I never even had to break them in. The leather keeps me toes nice and warm in these cold North Dakotan winters! I also love love the colors!
B0073XIITC Great item These were even better than what my daughter expected, light weight and easy to run in.. great shoe. Would buy these again
B0073XIITC I love I do love these perfect fit I got a 61/2 they look great they came quick over all good deal woohoo go me
B0073XIITC Love these shoes! Perfect fit. I get tons of compliments on these shoes.  Shipping and packaging was great. I recommend these to anyone considering buying these shoes. As a Puma fan, I feel like they have stepped up their game on their shoes as far as comfort is concerned.
B0073XIITC tight I love the shoes but they are a little tight around to sides of the toes. They pinch and after some time the begin to hurt.
B0073XIITC Great shoe! My shoes arrived a day earlier than expected, which was a treat! Good fit, great looking... And they came with a handy bag.
B0073XIITC Super comfortable I am very happy with the appearance, support and color of these.  The fit was perfect.  I have never worn Puma brand before and was a little apprehensive about buying them online - but they are a perfect fit!
B0073XIITC Awesome shoes! I love these shoes I am a massage therapist and I needed some sneakers and someone recommended puma so I bought these to try and they are very comfortable and they fit awesome! I am a size 9 1/2 and that's what I ordered and they are perfect! Definitely recommend them!
B0073XIITC Great fit Excellent fit my mom loves them! She said there was room to work with but not too much and its best to get a half size smaller for puma i recommend.
B0073XIITC I'm wearing them as we speak! Lightweight, comfortable, great support,  good looking, and doesn't look huge on my feet!  I've always been a puma fan,  and this is exactly why.
B0073XIITC Could use a better arch support. Pretty comfortable, wish they had a better arch support, had to put in one in. Not sure if I could wear them all day at work in the Lab.
B0073XIITC Wonderful fit! I often have trouble finding shoes that fit so I previously avoided buying on line. I took a chance and found functional, good looking shoes that fit perfectly! I work in a hospital and after a 12 hour shift my feet still feel good; lots of support and comfort. I've gotten dozens of compliments on the look of the shoes, too.
B0073XIITC PUMA Women's Tazon 5 Cross-Training Shoe,White/Silver/Blue Grass I love these shoes.  Puma's are very comfortable and I can't usually find any styles I like in the local stores.  They fit true to size.
B0073XIITC Great Shoe and Comfort Wore them yesterday for the first time since I got them, and they are very comfortable and great ankle support!  Easy to wipe off the dirt or dust.
B0073XIITC Perfect fit Love the color, style and the fit. Just the usual new shoe break in needed. Have been looking all over for red and black sneakers and found them finally. Thank You.
B0073XIITC .... extremely comfortable shoe. I'm on my feet all day and usually go home with tired feet. With the cushion at right places they provide the support I need
B0073XIITC Cross trainer that fits like a glove I'm a runner with narrower feet who tends to have low back problems, and I have had so much trouble finding a cross trainer shoe that provides arch support and stability without being too clunky. No longer! These shoes are lightweight and hug to your feet, and with the hard plastic arch supports on the outside, your foot will firmly plant on the ground without rolling. At first, I thought the shoe might be too stiff in the toe box, but after a few minutes, the supple leather quality flexed with my foot. Great for brisk walking, elliptical, floor training, and even shooting a few hoops! I would not recommend them for running because they aren't designed for the needed level of forefoot cushioning, and the way they are designed wouldn't best support a proper midfoot strike. Really great shoes. I feel like they were made for my feet!
B0073XIITC New Tennis Shoes I ordered these because I needed some new shoes that weren't stained up from mowing the lawn! These fit just as I had expected and look pretty awesome too!
B0073XIITC Perfect fit Shoes are exactly as I expected.  Love the black and purple colors and they fit true to size.  Love Puma's
B0073XIITC Loving my shoes My puma ' s was a great fit I am so excited to have brought them since my feet are narroe
B0073XIITC delivery was on time no mishaps. They are very comfortable. The with is perfect they've Run on regular size. And support your feet. Heels and arch.
B0073XIITC Amazing shoes I love Puma's they fit my feet perfectly and I love the fact that it doesn't even feel like I am wearing anything. I go puma all the way. Only down fall is that sometimes one size doesn't fit another. Price is great on Amazon cheapest around. Good thing cause that means I can buy about three pairs at once.
B0073XIITC Puma Women's Tazon 5 I absolutely love these shoes!  They are the coolest color and super super comfortable!  I walk alot at work and these are the perfect shoes that support my knees and back!
B0073XIITC GREAT FIT! These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes i have tried.  They fit true to size and the color is awesome. I would buy this style again and recommend to other active people looking for comfort.
B0073XIITC Very Nice I have yet to run in it, but tried them on and very comfortable. Great design and what I expected.
B0073XIITC Puma Shoes great shoes...fit wonderful! Just wish a little cheaper.Would recommend to friends and family.Shipment was fast as well. Great
B0073XIITC Gift for my daughter!  She loved it! My daughter had been wanting a pair of Puma's for quite a while, but they have become difficult to find.  Was thrilled when these became available, just the color combination that she wanted.  They arrived quickly and were packaged nicely.  The fit was true, she normally wears a 7 in tennis shoes and slightly smaller in dress shoes.  The size 7 fit her perfectly and they look really nice.
B0073XIITC Awesome shoe I bought these shoes for myself and love them. The fit is perfect and so comefortable. Really cute too. I get compliments on them all the time.
B0073XIITC Perfect Fit I couldn't be happier with this cross training shoe. I have always purchased Nike, knowing the fit was perfect; this is my 1st pair of Puma's and I couldn't be happier.
B0073XIITC Very Comfy! These shoes are great. They fit just right and are rue to size. Could not beat the price at the time!
B0073XIITC great shoes I absolutely love these shoes. They look exactly like the image and fit as described. They are very comfortable. I recieved them right away and the packaging was appropriate. They were not damaged at all. Very satisfied with this purchase.
B0073XIITC great fit Happy with fit and comfortable. Delivered on schedule. My 10 year old daughter wants me to get her a pair.
B0073XIITC Comfortable I am a nurse and these are super comfortable.  I wear Pumas often for that reason.  I can also buy Puma and know they will fit.
B0073XIITC Did not fit as expected I read all the reviews and they said the size they normally wear was exactly what they ordered in the shoes.  I always wear a 7.5 so that is what I ordered.  They are tight and the top feels like it is digging into my foot and not very comfortable when I walk.
B0073XIITC Came alreadt torn. Although the shoes fit normally, one of them was already torn. An eyelet was gone and the lace was tearing through the shoe. I had to send them back.
B0073XIITC wow! LOVE it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fit as expecTed! Very comfortable,  stylish, love the colors. .. cushioning on the bottom. . Would love a few more pairs in different colors!!!
B0073XIITC Too Wide! These shoes run wide.  I couldn't tie them tight enough to fit.  They also were stiff.  Good price for Pumas.
B0073XIITC Happy feet Great shoe great price. Likes cool. Fit good is a nice brand sexy banannas feet so man big woof smug
B00754JOJ2 Awesome! Great fit and great design. Puma always makes a very interesting and stylish pair of shoes. Finally got the mix of colors i was after so very happy with the purchase. The fit was also spot on.
B00772NHWW Good Shoes He loved them and they fit just right. He has gotten a lot of great use out of them too.
B00772NHWW great cleat! I want to buy more of these - great fit, which is surprising because other puma's I bought did not fit wellthis one is exceptionally good
B0077BWNFA Great shoes Awesome fit and look great. Definitely recommend them to anyone who likes comfortable running shoes. Shipped quickly and in great ahape
B0077BWNFA Stylish, Comfortable Shoe I now have 2 pair of this Puma model in different colors.  They are comfortable and smart looking.  I have a wide foot and as the other reviewer noted they are initially tight but loosen up as they break in.  As with most of Puma shoes I would get a 1/2 size larger so as to fit well.  If one desires they have an easily removed insole and can be readily replaced with another one.
B0077BXRKK Comfiest run ever I like the support of the Nike Huarache, but thought id change to the puma and these are perfect - light and you dont have to mess about with laces (and the cat doesnt scratch them up either!)
B0077BXRKK Puma Disc The puma disc came damaged. The disc which tightens the sneaker on the left shoe was not working. U turn the disc and it doesn't pull the wires which tighten the fit in a laces kind of way. Right one works fine - u turn the disc and it tightens the shoe but the left one wasn't functional.
B0077BXRKK Great Shoes Perfect nice great awsome shoe!!! I love it! :D These shoes are just my size and design. I love this cool shoes. I recommend you guys to but this!
B0077BZLB8 Great Shoes Everything that I expected in this shoe and the fit is right as well as comfort level and the color is awesome
B0077C0KYA Amazing shoe! I always enjoy puma sneakers. Always comfortable, long lasting and feels great on the foot. These shoes fit me true to size, and are very unique and different. I get great compliments anytime I wear these shoes, wether I'm dressing sporty or with a nice day to day outfit, and amazon's price is unbeatable!
B0077C0KYA decent fit, but a little narrow in size 7 1/2 A little snug around the 'ball' of my feet, but it will likely loosen up with use, but otherwise comfortable; they are light and good for walking; the snug fit would make them good for lateral moves such as in handball, tennis, lacrosse & similar sports.
B0077C1BN4 Retro Feeling I bought these shoes to get in touch with my inner teen. The shoes fit great love the feel of the suede, and really dig the color combination.I would recommend this style.
B0077CLH3I Great shoes, a little tight on the sides. AS the tittle says, the shoes are great but a little small on the width. Other than that, good shoes.
B0077CLM2E nice than expected This is a very stylish, very comfortable fitting shoe. It fits perfectly on both feet and has been fairly durable thus far.
B0077CLM2E Great sneaker! Just what I expected from Puma. This sneaker is comfortable, stylish and it is leather. The price from Amazon is outrageously good also. Great product, great price.
B0077CLQAM Great style Great fit and a great look for a decent price. I'd like to see more in the same style and more colors.
B0077CM29Q Great shoes I got in 2 days, so great shipping time! They looked better in person than on the amazon! ( I got the black/gray ones) They were a little big on me but they fit comfortably. Great and fashionable! Awesome shoes for the price
B0077PKLE6 Puma El Reylite Mixed Sneaker, Ribbon Red Speedy delivery, Puma factory packaging (each shoe is individually wrapped). nice fit, comfortable. bright color.I wore this out to a few places and got some comments from the youngsters "Yo, those sneaks are TIGHT!" "Look at those kicks!!"Does that make it cool and eye-catching? you be the judge. :)
B007FDVIDI Boyfriend Can't get enough I ordered these for my boyfriend and since then hes had me order 2 more packs! He loves them. The fit, the style, and  the comfort are great!
B007IWIH1W Great casual sneaker I usually wear a size 8, and the size 8 fit fine. The shoe is narrow, so I do not recommend for wide feet. They are pretty comfortable as a casual sneaker. I would not use them for athletic purposes, but that was to be expected. These have a little arch so they aren't fla but a person that needs more of an arch support may need to get inserts.
B007IWKB7A Great shoes Look great but do fit really tight along the toes, order a half size up is great advice.  They have a different type of sole but work good for just daily walking.
B007IWKBK2 Cute and casual These are now my go-to sneakers for summer and fall. They're casual and go with everything, and super lightweight. My only complaint is that they could do with more arch support--I can't wear them without insoles. But if that doesn't bother you, I definitely recommend these.
B007IX3572 too tight Humn first of all these shoes arent for long walks n second too tight around my toes im living abroad so didnt bother to return them anways whoever has a bit wide feet like me should go for one size big
B007IXCZZU Sleek They are sleek and well fitted to the foot. It is like wearing a ballet slipper, except obviously, you have more support. It makes the foot look small and neat. We bought her regular size and they fit just right.
B007IXCZZU great! nothing bad to say about them! love the shoes! they fit just as the puma sneakers I already have home!
B007IXCZZU i love pumas They fit a little big which causes the back to rub my heel...I guess i'll just have to wear thicker socks. but I still love them.
B007IXCZZU Puma Women's Talulla Fashion sneaker I expected these sneakers to be flexible and comfortable, but they are stiff and fit very snug, definitely get 1/2 size larger in this sneaker. It does not have any give to the leather and they are not that comfortable. Maybe they need some breaking-in. Not what I expected from Puma. Kind of narrow also, but it look good.
B007J4AP0A Amazing shoes for a great price!!! Got hooked for the price but they were as nice as they seemed on the pictures. Fit perfectly, very comfortable shoes. Arrived quite fast as well.
B007J4AVMW Love them. I'm a 12 and I ordered a 12.  They fit perfectly.  Great quality and comfy.  I really like them and their classic style.
B007J4B1QM Comfy shoes It's hard to review shoes, either they fit or don't or either they are comfortable or aren't. These shoes got two thumbs up. Fit well and look great. creative idea using jersey material, goes with a number of styles. Jean or yoga gear they look great.
B007J4J2G8 Sneakers look great! The sneakers fit good and they look great.  I collect all different kinds of sneakers and this is a great addition to my collection.
B007J58WA4 look great, a bit tight in some places These are a great pair of shoes. They look good with jeans or slacks and I like that they are slip-on without looking like it. My only criticism would be that they are a little snug around the ball of my foot. I'm sure they'll loosen a bit though - it's only been a few days. Also, they do fit slightly smaller than some other brands.
B007J599HY comfort, fit and design I hesitated ordering the mid-boot because I need a wide toe box. I usually always wear and order Keens, but as of late have been a bit disappointed with the Keen quality. Not sure if something changed there, but hey, back to Puma.  These boots are very comfortable, fit well, feel great and need very little, if any break-in.  And, they offer lots of room to wiggle my toes. I ordered a half-size up so I can wear my heavy hiking socks, and they fit great, so I would say they are true to size. Love the blue, which is as pictured, and loved he price. I recommend for a good boot for walking, roaming, and casual wear.
B007J5AFKO Awesome shoes Got these shoes yesterday afternoon and wore them to a party. I tried them on as soon as I got them and they fit perfectly, the design is great and they are very comfortable. I will recommend to anyone who wants to buy them, they are worn the price mentioned.
B007J5K734 I like the style I like the style, but my feet are wider and the inside cutout rim gets into my big toe and is too tight. I was thinking about returning these shoes.
B007JAN0OC Great looking shoes, but a bit snug. I'm a big AMG fan, so I love how these look.  Unfortunately, I'm going to have to get a size bigger.  I ordered a 12 and they are really tight in the toe.  I wear a 12 in reebok, Adidas, and Footjoy.  These fit more like Under Armour where I need a 13.  I desperately wish they fit better, bc I really love how they look and hate having to wait to get them replaced.
B007JAN4FM Very cool, funky shoes These are great shoes.  they fit like all Pumas, which is very fitted but comfy.  these are a little hot to wear when the weather is hot though, they don't breath very well.  I wear them about every second day and they seem to be holding up really well.
B007JASSKI Great Fit Bought these to dance Salsa and Bachata outside on non-dance floors. Great fit and very comfortable. I normally wear about a 10.5, but bought these 11.5 as they are a tighter fit.
B007JASSKI Dual Purpose!! Great shoe! I've gotten the most attention wearing them in a nightclub vs strolling in the park! Slightly narrower than expected, but all-around satisfying!
B007JASSYO Absolutely BEAUTIFUL When I first saw these shoes, I added them to Cart, I paid for them and then I realized that I&#8217;ve bought them. The reason why? This shoes are so sexy that every that every single person that see them have to look down to know what are they, that grey color with the pattern at the back are so rare and unique, they are really comfortable , one thing I don&#8217;t like, is that for me, since my foot size is 11 when I wear them it&#8217;s tight and I have to put on a really thin sock be make it less tight. I really love them.
B007JAT2EY ahh. These are more slipper than shoe. Definitely light duty. Comfortable as anything else, or will be after the shoes are worn in. Plan on getting insoles, these feel a lot like....well? Slippers. Just not much by way of cushion. But, they really are light enough and tight enough that after a bit, don't even realize the shoes are on. They do run a half size small, give or take. Order at least that much bigger.
B007JAT2EY Shoes My husband loves these shoes.  He does have skinny feet so they fit great and look nice on him, just cant get them dirty.
B007JAT2EY Great shoes Great shoes, only the thing with Puma shoes (My 5th Puma shoes) is different sizes. I am 8.5 and these shoes are 10. they fit almost perfectly, it's a bit tight.
B007JAT44W LOVE THESE PUMAS My husband loves these. They look very cool, his feet are long and skinny so the fit is perfect.May have a problem if your feet are wide.Cant beat PUMA for style. Definitely will get you a second look.If you want style these are the sneakers for you.
B007JAT44W Long I ordered these in the same size as another pair of Puma's that I have, and when I compared the 2, these are about 1/2 to 1 inch longer.  They fit everywhere else except the heel - they felt like they were sliding off when I tried them on.  Other than that, the shoes look very nice and they are leather, which is somewhat hard to find.  I think if I sized down the toe area would be too tight however.
B007JAT44W Not what was expected. Not exactly what I thought it looked like until I actually saw shoes.  Reordered another style of Pumas that I love.  Thanks.
B007M6AH2Q great fit Was looking for new cleats for ultimate. hued puma was good so thought i'd try them out. After a season of pick up ultimate playing in rain, snow, dry. I def like the fit better than the other cleats that i have gotten. i don't get the rub on the side of my big toe.
B007M6BCZW As expected Fit was as expected.  The overall construction of the thing appears sturdy and the blue stays reasonably well.  I get a good deal of chafing around the heel area, but it's a problem I have with most soccer cleats, so I'm more inclined to blame my own size preferences rather than Puma.  All in all, a good buy.  It could have been cheaper, but you get what you pay for in this instance.
B007M6BKT0 Great looks, great feel, somewhat tight at the toe box These boots are really nice looking (less flashy than many others), and I got them in synthetic (leather is an option). They provide good footing on grass and artificial grass, have a stable footing and are really really light. Good ball contact as well. They feel sturdy but are somewhat smaller than expected. I generally wear 14, and got these in 14. They fit OK (in any case, 14 is the largest offered) but the toe box is somewhat tight. Nothing that will stop me from using them though.
B007M6BKT0 Great Shoes My son loves them. they fit well and are well made. Likes them better than the shoe he had previously.
B007MAYD2C LOVE these shoes I'm a big fan of these shoes.  They arrived quickly, fit perfectly, she can walk in them  + I get compliments on her "style" often.I
B007MAYD2C Excellent Bought these for my 5 year old daughter. They shine more than I expected, but she loves that. Very light and they fit her nicely. Velcro straps are excellent.
B007MAYD2C nice sneaker I like the look of these and love just the faint bit of glitter on the very serious gray part. They fit nicely.
B007MAYD2C Perfect fit without the bulk Returned other Pumas for these. They fit great and look cute. No bulky shoe for her to trip over. The colors are girly too
B007MAYD2C Great shoe! These shoes are very cute. Very shiny and girly! They fit true to size and are easy to get on my toddlers feet.
B007MAYD2C great shoes Fit as expected. Lots of compliments on them, and my daughter loved the bit of sparkle to them. Will get them in bigger size again for her
B007MAYD2C like it this is our first puma's/ great sneakers! They are lightweight, comfortable, fit the size and look great! My daughter loved it.
B007MB1QVM Great Camp Shoes I purchased these shoes for my 11 year old daughter for camp. They fit her perfectly and were really cute as well. Would recommend them.
B007MB1QVM for my daughter with falling arches My daughter needed shoes that were black, tied, and would fit well.  These were the only ones we found.  They fit great, however you can not tell in the picture that the top of the shoe has green sparkles. I had no idea it would be so hard to find plain black shoes. Great price though! unfortunately they do not provide support needed for the foot.
B007MBU5VE Happy Nephew My nephew was very happy with the shoe.  I was worried it might not have an arch, but there was a nice arch.  It wasn't flat like some shoes.
B007MBU5VE Nice shoe, great price. I don't order much on line so when we got these shoes and they fit perfectly, and my son loved them. Plus we didn't have to go out shopping. Perfect all the way around.
B007MF7IRY Terrific Shoes I love these shoes. They fit perfectly, they look really sharp, and they feel great to wear. I have slightly narrow feet and a high instep/arch, and these shoes fit me like a glove. There is a perfect amount of arch support (which I was not expecting from these shoes), and the asymmetrical lacing provides evenly distributed pressure across the instep which makes the shoes feel more like socks. These are possibly the best pair of sneakers that I have ever bought.
B007NQ658A the fit was odd there was extra space across the width of my so every time i kneeled down, the space would gap out from the side of the shoe.  also, the shoestrings ALWAYS untie.  i have had these shoes over 1 year and i always have to re-tie them everytime i wear.  ive had to double-tie the shoestrings now..
B007NQ658A Cute but uncomfortable There is definitely not enough arch support from this shoe, after a day's wear, I have some sore feet. The material is not very soft either, it's very rigid on the sides. Looks extremely cute but not the most comfortable.
B007NQC2OQ I like it It is a good product. I puchase it for a gift to my niece, and she is like the stlye very much. I is fit to her foot.
B007P3PQHC Love the boots I bought these to walk in snow this past winter and they work great. The fit is just as it says.
B007P3PQHC Love these! Very comfortable and super cute.  Sporty but not too flashy.  I intend to wear them all fall/winter long!  I bought a 1/2 size up, in order to fit my insoles in them and they are a perfect fit!
B007P4OF5A Perfect fit. This sweater is very warm and comfy. Fits true to size. Really love this item. The navy looks a bit faded but love it anyway.
B007P5C2VS Love it!! Love this top, just ordered my second one in the Teaberry Heather! Amazing fit. Can dress it up for a casual get together also.
B007PK5T0Y Great running shoes! Spikes are easy to install and remove. Shoe fits as expected and hugs the foot, giving good running support, and they are extremely light weight!
B007PK68MW Perfectly Cushioned, Excellent Fit This is a great shoe.  They felt snug the first few times I wore them, but now they fit perfectly.  They have excellent cushion and are very lightweight.  I'd recommend them to anyone looking for a basic shoe for running, cardio, or work.
B007Q36ALC i Love it Excellent condition, fit as expected, looks great, my 5 years old son loves it and he doesn't want to take it out :) Thanks
B007Q36ALC this is a great sneaker love this and would recommend it to anyone. This fit perfectly and I love the design. I love the fact that it was a velcro sneaker.
B007SLGLX4 Boy loves it My boy was used to sandals and we had problems finding shoes that fit him at Target because they were either too narrow or too flat. Didn't have much hope for these but when they came it fit him perfectly and he loves them. He still rips them off as soon as he's off his feet but that's what he does with everything.
B007SLGLX4 great shoes These shoes fit perfect to size. The velcro stays put and we have zero issues with these unlike the other pair i bought. These shoes fit him comfortably and he runs around with no problems.
B007SLGLX4 Love Them These Shoes are Great. Well I bought them for my son so I don't exactly know how they feel on but they're super Cute. He's likes wearing them. Thinks b/c they're pumas he can fun faster :)  I love the look and with the velcore crossing in different directions it seems to hold tight to allow for great support for running and other activites.  Thinking about buying a pair for my younger child as well!!!
B007SLGLX4 Love the colors, fits my 2 year old great. My son needed a nice, lightweight shoe to run about in, this fit the bill perfectly! Looks way better than those Crocks he was in before.
B007TI6OXS Great Product I loved the Pumas! They looked and fit great! I recommend them to any soccer enthusiast or those Puma guys like me.
B007TJLLDU Real nice! Great fit and very comfortable. Received them in 2 days. Very happy with my purchase. I highly recommend them! Nice style too
B007TJLSBU Nice Bought these shoes for my son.  Very light weight and appear well made.  Very little arch support though.  Comes with two sets of laces, white and yellow.  Recommended.
B007TJMGKM Nice shoes The shoes are exactly as described. Not a lot of arch support. They look nice and are easy to clean.
B007UM6PAK Hopped for a bit more support The price and look is great! But if you need a supportive shoe, I am sad to say, this one should be a pass over.
B007USEG6E Cute Cameo! I generally fit in a 6.5 or 7, I bought these in the 6.5 and they fit fine (a little roomy actually). The cameo pattern is really cool, they're a cute addition to a lot of outfits - with jeans or even to dress-down a sundress and jean jacket look. I recommend!
B007USEG6E very comfortable I just fell in love with these shoes the first time I saw them...its even better than I expected...the fabric is nice and easy to clean..so soft and comfortable...just love the colour....would definitely recommend...
B007USEG6E camo shoes My son loves his new shoes and they fit fine. They are just right and its his favorite pattern to wear.
B007UTW59S Great product! I give this Puma product 5 stars.  It is great!!I have touble finding Pumas that actually fit me!These fit great.I give them 5 stars for the way they fit and because they arecomfortable too.My feet are too big for most Pumas, most are not wide enough for my foot.I sometimes have to wear Mens pumas to find the right size.But may I order these exact same shoes sometime when Minewear out.  Because they  fit me so much better than most womens pumas.This is why I give it 5 stars!
B007VL3IBE Just what I needed! The Puma 76 Runner sneaker is very comfortable shoe and my feet are delighted. The design is great, so great that I have purchase this same sneaker in four different colors.  I recommend it.
B007VL4VOW Awesome shoes Perfect sizing and fit. Good Quality. I wear them all the time and they have a great fit and style.
B007VL4VOW Puma Shoe No complaints; the fit is comfortable, the style classy and best of all it is reasonably priced.  Pleased with purchase but then the brand speaks for itself.
B007WQGKQI little bit too tight The shoe is great just a little tight at the tip but I can live with that and I love it
B007WQGWG6 Not bad The sole is OK for dry dirt and low grass fields i.e hard to medium grounds as designed for. Not so good for wet weather. I bought an exact fit (as i always do for football shoes) and was initially tight in front which was quite painful but by the second use (and with some lacing adjustments) it was more comfortable. Would advice you to buy a half size bigger. Also, the front profile is thick and a bit bulky making it difficult to get under the ball but if you don't intend to do much crossing then this is not a problem. Overall the shoe is well made
B007WQWPWG Great, comfy shoes These shoes are nice.  The only fit issues I had was that the toe box is kind of tight, though that is expected with Pumas I think.  There is very little sole on these shoes, so beware.  The colors are nice and otherwise the fit is great.
B007X0C5MQ great suit Love the fit and fabric.  My 4 year old granddaughter thinks she can now work out with her mom and big sister.
B007X2OR4S Very cute Purchased these for my 2 year old when I signed her up for soccer classes. They look just as advertised and fit great.
B007Y7BINU Puma Paradise Very good fit, in fact we bought 2 pairs, different colors of course, because we liked these shoes so much for our baby. A definite recommendation from us. Stylish, cool color choices and comfortable fit :)
B00801YENA Great shoes I absolutely love these shoes! They arrived in perfect condition, and the fit is terrific. They hold up very well in rainy conditions, and look so cute!
B0080LMQ58 PUMA Voltaic 3 - Nice Shoes My middle school-er loves them.  Great look, packaging, and fit.  Would recommend them especially for kids that are active and general wear.  Amazon/PUMA does it again!
B0080LMQ58 Love them fit my son perfectly and he loved them.  Would defiantly recommend to friends to buy these shoes.  Will buy from here again
B0080LMQ58 Good shoes My son liked the look of these shoes and I bought them online. They fit as expected and he says they are comfortable.
B0086FYO0I Great value, great fit!! I bought this for a family friend's 5 year old son. He looks way too cute!! This was bought during an Amazon lightening deal. His mom tells me it is very warm and he loves it so much, he wears it all the time!!
B008A64J6M Suuuuper cute shoe I've been wanting a pair of Pumas for awhile now after hearing my friend rave about how comfortable their flats are, and when I spotted these in the Moonbeam color, I fell in luuurrve (I'm a sucker for light greys with neon accents). After reading up on the reviews for these shoes (both here and on other sites), I decided the best decision would be to purchase a full size up, but...they didn't have that size in the Moonbeam color! Since Amazon was offering free returns with Prime, I decided to take a shot with just a half size up, figuring I'd return it with no loss if they didn't work out. That was probably my downfall, because once these babies were in my hands, I didn't care if they didn't fit because they are just so. darn. cute. Because of the elastic, they do feel tight, but not so tight that they're cutting into my feet...and while my toes do hit the front tip of the shoe, I'm hoping that with some wear, they'll stretch out and loosen up a bit. If they'd had my size in the full size up, I would've opted that for those...since that wasn't an option, the half size up seems to work without causing much discomfort.My main concern with this style of ballet flat (these thin, scrunchy types) is (1) that the fabric is sometimes so thin that you can see the impression of your toes through them, and (2) that the elastic cuts into your heels. Fortunately, the suede on these is just sturdy enough that the toe impression thing isn't an issue, and there's no fabric bunching up along the elastic to cause any discomfort to my heels. The leather accent on the back of the left shoe does seem to be pressing into my heel a bit, but nothing that a little duct tape (the secret to heel rubbing!) won't solve until these stretch out more. The soles have a slight amount of cushy padding that, while not super substantial, put them a step up from your average ballet flats. I was able to get these on sale from Amazon for about 70% off the original asking price, which makes these a decent option for me, since there is NO WAY I would pay the original $90 asking price for what amounts to a slightly comfier ballet flat.Overall a good purchase at the right price, I'm looking forward to wearing these through the spring and summer!
B008A64X0Y good fit its somewhat comfortable a bit low in front hopefully it will strech, with time. love the style as well. wish there were other colours available.
B008A64X0Y Style is cute, but the fit cuts Like so many of these ballet flats the fit over the big toe is way too low and cuts into the big toe joint.  The photo of these shoes leads one to believe they may come up just enough for a comfortable fit ... but alas, they do not, so back they go.
B008A64X0Y Good Really nice shoes, fit as expected but are not comfortable... I bought this for my mom and if she use them for short time, everything is ok.. but for long walks and shopping dont work.
B008A64X0Y Love, love. Cute, comfortable and light but enough support to keep you going! My &#34;go-to&#34; shoes for running errands, shopping, outdoor social events where you want something a bit dressier than tennies.
B008A6BA64 SO CUTE!! These shoes are great! The fit is perfect and they are very cute.  I really think that they go with anything.  LOVE THEM!
B008A6BB9U love them!! love them, very comfy, fit as expected but not wide at all, great looking. item as described. great colors. breathable.
B008A6BB9U BEST TRACTION I have very wide and uncomfortable feet, most sneakers i cannot wear through my day, these however are amazing. super light weight, breathable, easy to clean, theyre stylish and fit me perfectly. I work out at home, yoga, weight lifting, and light cardio. These shoes are perfect for me! most sneakers also, i found, were too intense for me, the purpose of them exceeded what id be doing in them. If you have wide feet and need traction in your workouts, these are a MUST BUY
B008A6BB9U better fitting Little wider than hoped they'd be,  but can be tightened  to support arch area. Will buy another pair of these. This style seems to have less of lift at toes which is great for me. Who decided that shoes toe area should reach for sky anyway. Wish shoe industry would figure out problem with  design in shoes lifting in front and bring toes back down to earth .
B008A6BB9U Super cute and comfortable! These shoes are lightweight and very flexible, while providing great arch support. Perfect for aerobics/cardio or just looking cute while running errands.
B008A6BLMW PUMA Women's Madeira Fashion Sneaker,Black I really like these sneakers.  Fit true to size for me.  Gives a great lift....not too high.  Sexy looking sneakers.  Fast and accurate delivery.
B008A6C4RS Not what I expected These shoes were pretty, as one reviewer has previously written, but I didn't feel as though they were very well made. I expected a more substantial material. They did not provide enough support for me. Not a bad buy for the price, just not for me.
B008A6CBUI tennis shoes cute design, comfortable, light weight,  fits like I expected, which is a little smaller than regular shoes, would recommend to a friend
B008A6CIL0 Great Shoes!!! I love these shoes. I almost bought them when I was in Italy a few months ago, but glad I waited because I got a screaming deal on them through Amazon. This shoe is very light weight, and I had to go up a half size in order to get the right fit. I am normally a solid 8 but had to go to 8.5 which I knew because I had already tried them on in the store in Italy. They are a slim fit but I do not have a wide foot so if you do it might mean you need an even bigger size or it may mean they wont work for you. Just be aware. The colors are fun and I get nothing but compliments on them when I wear them. They are comfortable enough to wear all day right out of the box. Great buy...
B008A6CIL0 Love them very bright these sneakers fit the same way that all puma's do.  I really love them.  they are a bit tight in the area around the ankle bc the seam around the ankle is thick and the rest of the show is thin,
B008A6CIL0 Okay look, but cheaply made. The shoes looked fine, even though I'm not a big fan of the nylon shoe.  However, the nylon made a loud swishing sound when I walked and didn't offer much support.  The shoes were super cheap (under $30), so I guess you get what you pay for.  I sent them back and bit the bullet for a nice pair of $100 walking shoes that will last me a long time.
B008A6JOWQ Puma women's - great First Puma shoes I have ever bought online and, although pricey, I thoroughly enjoy them.  I would go a half size up if you don't like your shoes snug, but, beyond that, I am very happy with the fit and coloring.
B008A6JOWQ lightweight and comfortable Although I am not a runner, my work keeps me on my feet a lot and these running shoes provide great comfort and support.
B008A6JSFE Fits like a glove! I wore my pumas in the California heat in August and they kept my feet cool walking all day long. They were also cushiony enough that I did not have any blisters.I would not treat these as running shoes. They do not provide enough support as runners.I have narrow feet and pumas generally fit me well.I am satisfied with them and they do meet my expectations for price and wear to date.I have owned them for approximately 2 months.
B008A6JSFE I love this shoe. Great fit - great style! Just as advertised.  Sizing is on point.  Stylish with comfortable fit, but not made for running.Looking for more colors. Go PUMA!
B008A6JSFE Very comfortable Puma tends to be my go-to brand for sneakers and this shoe is just as I expected it to be... lightweight, comfortable and perfect for summer.
B008A6JSFE Great sneakers Love these Puma women's Asha cut out running shoe. They fit well, just right. Light, comfortable with plenty of support!
B008A6JWU0 Great shoe I read a review that these fit small and boy they do! I ordered a 7.5 and it was tight. returned it for an 8 and it fit perfect! I love these shoes. they are super light weight and very comfortable.
B008A6JWU0 Prefect! These shoes comfort me! Love it! So light! Beautiful color. I like style shoes. I never have buy puma shoes. I thought it was not good for my flat feet but actually it did support my flat feet wonderful!
B008A6JWU0 cute shoes, no arch support These shoes look cool and they fit well, but if you need arch support, perhaps they aren't for to. There's nothing there. If I wear them for an entire day, my arches are in pain.
B008A6JWU0 Looking for more colors and that great price !!! Love these shoes !!! I wear an 8.5 comfortably so I purchased a 9 in these and they are a perfect fit. They are so light and comfortable.
B008A6JWU0 Glove-like fit! Glove-like fit! Light weight and flexible. Comfortable to exercise in or running errands. Not a good arch support but better than flats.Side tie is different. Would buy again in other colors.
B008A6JWU0 Love these shoes! The shoes fit as I expected. I love them! I was worried about the reviews but they fit perfect. I use them for the gym everyday.
B008A6JWU0 satisfied customer Fit so comfortable, best long wear sneaker so far my friends like it so light i am buying another colour and I recommend this seller
B008A6JZG6 These shoes are wonderful Not only do they fit well and are comfortable, they're gorgeous! I've gotten many compliments when I wear them.  Really pretty!
B008A6K4HU Very poor arch support. I love PUMA but this sneakers had a horrible fit and no support in one of the arches.  I have never worn a sneaker that turned in my arches.
B008A6K4HU Cute Shoe I loved these in the picture, I liked them when they showed up, but they were too tight. A slimmer fit then I expected out of a cross trainer. I gave them to my 13 year old daughter :)
B008A6K8XU Well fit Shoes fit well and are comfortable, they work well for Zumba dancing. I would recommend for anyone that has problems with comfort.
B008A6KHRC Fit perfectly, very comfy. Shoes are comfy, fit perfectly, and look great. I use them for my zumba classes and they are super light but supportive.Very happy with my purchase!
B008A6KHRC kickboxing bought these for a high impact kickboxing class. they are light and very flexible with just enough support. i'd recommend them.
B008A6KHRC Too small and they seem flimsy These are narrow and the toe is pointy. If you need a square toe box this shoe may not work for you. As far as construction, they are very light weight and similar to water shoes. There is no arch support. The color seems more red to me than pink. They don't seem very well made but I didn't expect much out of a $40 shoe off the internet. I'm sending back. Debating on ordering a size up. If I do, I will post a follow up.
B008A6KHRC Great gym shoes! These are comfortable, fashionable, great color (pinkish red).  I wear an 8.5 to 9 in gym shoes (8 or 8.5 in heels/sandals).  I ordered a 9.5 because of the warnings that they run small.  The 9.5 is a tad large but will work - 9 would have been too short and tight.  Totally recommend these.
B008A6KTKC fit was good, but the style was strange i liked the fit somewhat, but the style was strange and made my feet look fat.  i also wish they had a little more tread on the bottom. I am returning them
B008A6KTKC Low-cut around the ankle... If you like a shoe that is really low cut around your ankle, then these are for you.  I felt like it didn't support my heel as much as I wanted, so I returned them.  But the colors were cute!
B008A6KTKC Super support, fabulous color. Fabulous color and even better support. Arch support and bottom cushion perfect. This is a perfect running or cross training shoe. Has held up to hundreds of hours of wear and tear and still looks like new.
B008A6KTKC Great design, great product I bought this as a gift for my sister. They fit as expected, the design and colors are really nice. These shoes meet the expectations!!
B008A6KTKC Great Cross Training Shoe Perfect fit, true to size, good support.  I get complimented on the dynamic colors every time I wear them to workout !!!
B008A6KTKC AMAZING SHOE!!!! I love the lack of a tongue in these shoes. This is my second pair of these type of shoes from Puma!! They fit like a glove to my feet and support them extremely well. I am in love with these Puma shoes. I normally wear a size 9 but I ordered a 9.5 and they fit even better. They run a little smaller so it wears on your shoes faster when they don't fit as well. I would order a half size up to ensure a longer life for your shoe!!
B008A6KTKC Pretty Awesome! These colors are just as bright as pictured. They fit my wide foot pretty amazing and they have great ankle support for those who need it.
B008A6KTKC My pregnant feet love these shoes Pregnancy Plus: These are the only shoes out of a collection of 67 pair that I can wear all day long without foot pain. Plus the fact that there isn't a separate tongue means I can get into them easily, without having to bend over my enormous baby belly.  I really like that.Normal Fit:  For reference, my feet are wedge shaped, narrow at the heel but slightly wider at the toes, and a wee bit shorter than the average 8, but not enough to get a good fit with 7.5W. I just hope for slightly short size 8 shoes. I have a normal arch. I'm experiencing only slight swelling from the pregnancy so it won't affect my review.With this particular Voltaic shoe I tried on the 7.5 and the 8 while shopping at TJ Maxx.The 7.5 pinched my toes and made my pinky toe feel a bit crushed. Definitely too small so I bought the 8. I think folks with longer than average feet might consider trying on a half size up to be safe. The eight was a perfect fit in width but almost wanted to pop off my heel in thin socks.  In medium thickness socks, like most athletic socks, they're perfect.  In fluffy socks they're too snug (kind of a no-brainer there).The shoe itself feels nice and snug without pinching in any one area. There is no pinching on the pinky toe, no pressing on the big toe, and the heel doesn't rub in the right socks. The mesh makes my feet feel less sweaty than leather shoes which is really nice.  I like that they're so light weight, too. The arch support seems quite balanced and I've not had any problems with my plantar fasciitis.  In general I think these shoes give my feet and ankles really good support and I feel very solid in them. They are not comfortable on rougher terrain. While walking the dog I veered off into a rocky trail for a short while and rocks pressed painfully into the mesh and even seemed to press into the sole a bit, so I'd not recommend them for rougher surfaces (only mentioning it since the shoes claim to be cross trainers). On concrete and asphalt though they're a dream. No pain.Durability:  As of this review, I've had these shoes about six months. So far the shoes have held up well, especially given that I wear them every day. The sole and arch haven't broken down at all.  Now, I'm not running in them, just doing my daily walking and going about my day-to-day pregnant life.  Given the extra weight I'm carrying I think they're holding up just fine.  I usually replace my cross trainers once a year because they break down.I'm going to buy two more pair of this design while they still make them, I like them that much.  That isn't to say they're for everyone, but they just happen to fit my foot mold in medium thick socks perfectly.I hope this has been helpful and not too wordy.
B008A6KTKC Running shoes and Cross-training shoes are very different I needed a pair of cross trainers as I go between weight training and cardio for my workout routine. I got running shoes instead. That's what it says on the box. I need less flexibility in my sole and more support, my foot does not bend a lot during my workouts. Also the width is narrow. I wear a 7.5B and there is no room for a sock. I would order half size up.
B008A6KTKC I am satisfied with shoes. Thought trim color would be more red, but is really pink. They are a comfortable fit and I am satisfied.
B008A6KTKC Good Shoe I really like this shoe. It sits pretty low on the heal. You need lower cut socks because of this or it will look funny. The toe area was wider than expected. I have some other Pumas that fit quite narrow. That's not the case for these shoes. Fun colors and comfy fit, though!
B008A6KTKC Nice looking but too tight. I ordered these hoping for a good cross-training shoe. The colors are awesome and it looks to be a good cross-trainer; however, they were so tight on my feet that I didn't bother to even try them working out and am returning them. I have average-width feet and could barely get them on.
B008A6KTKC great the shoes came a day earlier than anticipated and fit great!! love my puma's, I would highly recommend these to everyone!!
B008A6KTKC Great sneaker! Love these sneakers...wonderful colors and they fit so well...could walk in them all day...very stylish, you will enjoy these shoes...highly recommend them!
B008A6KTKC Puma small fit I love Puma shoes,  but this one is a little tight fit.  I love the color.Not as comfortable as other Puma shoes.
B008A6KTKC Clunky Fits as expected, but the shoe itself is a bit clunky and not as lightweight as I prefer. Great for walking but take a little bit to get used to.
B008A6KTKC Didn't Fit For me this shoe was very big and wide. I could walk out of them. I thought they were very cute. I wish they would have fit.
B008A6KTKC Cute Shoes-but fit is kind of quirky. I love the color. But the fit is kind of quirky.  They seem to be running shoes and not cross trainers so I have to wear very thin socks to fit comfortably.  Kind of tight when i first put them on but after awhile they seemed to stretch and felt better.  Overall a good work out shoe for the gym.
B008A6KTKC shoes I wear these shoes a lot , really enjoy the look and fit!! I love to workout in these shoes
B008A6KTKC Very happy with these running shoes When I first put the shoe on I thought the toe box might be too wide, but when I run my toes spread out so I find the fit really comfortable. I have super high arches and these are very comfortable shoes. If you don't want to &#34;feel the road&#34; at all these shows might not be for you.Love the color!
B008A6KTKC Not the best shoe, nothing wrong with it either It's wide, which I don' love.  But the support and performance really has been good.  I workout mostly in the gym, mixing it up between cardio machines, free weights, kettle bell routines, etc so a cross trainer is best for me.  It does the trick - as with most shoes, though, buy yourself some good insoles, these feel like they're wasted already.
B008A6KTKC So far so good. Shoes are comfortable and I have no foot pain.  Actually kind of fit like a glove.  I was pleasantly surprised.
B008A6KTKC these are nice I love the way these sneakers fit and the support it gives my feet - great purchase will recommend them to everyone (plus its bright and colorful love it)
B008A6KTKC shoe fit shoes are very stiff and inflexible. also not very true to size. I am keeping in hopes of softening them
B008A6KTKC Super Cool but Snug I LOVE the colors!! This sneakers is comfortable but the only thing that prevented me from giving it a full five stars is that it is a very snug fit.  Also keep in mind that the tongue and laces are integrated into the body of the sneakers.
B008A6KTKC Holy shoes Shoes are a little on the tight size around the top of the foot. Might just be because they are new but we'll see. Love the shoe otherwise.
B008A6KTKC Great shoes...a little sloppy in the toe box. I really like these shoes, they look and feel great. I would prefer a bit more arch and definitely a toe box that had more adjustment, but for stylish walking shoes these work just fine. They are long haul runners, perhaps 5K would be as far as I would take these and not often due to the lack of arch support which for me is pretty important.
B008A6KTKC Puma Love love.  Best fit. Most comfortable sneakers ever. Love the style!  Will purchase again hopefully will have same styles in future
B008A6KTKC Snug but still compfortable. They are a little snug for a 8.5 but still fit and wear compfortable. They are very light and easy to wear.
B008A6KTKC Fit as described The shoe looks a little wide on my feet because I have skinnier legs but fit is snug on the foot. The colors are awesome and black is easiest to match to my gym ensembles.
B008A6KTKC Comfy I liked the look, the colors and the support/cushioing.  I ended up returning them because the top part is like a sock you have to slip your foot into.  I could not be bothered.  Takes too long.  Also, with all the cushioning in the back of the heel, the sneaker slipped a bit in the back.
B008A6KTKC i do like my new pumas I love the color of them and the attached tongue, they just don't have enough arch support me. Actually not a lot of support, but they are comfortable to walk around in for the day.
B008A6KTKC Love them! Based on other reviews I read, I ordered them 1/2 size bigger. My feet are not wide at all, still they fit kind of tight I believe due to the stretch feature. I love these shoes to work out indoors. I have not had a chance to wear them outdoors or run with them. Didn't give them 5 stars due to kind of high price.
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes! Size is perfect, love the colors and the arch is perfect! I have had plantar faschitis in the past and these shoes have great support.
B008A6KTKC Good Fit I LOVE, LOVE,  LOVE the color and style. The fit was snug at first but once they loosened up they became great.
B008A6KTKC Larger than sized I have always worn 7.5.  These were extremely tight around my entire foot then there was about a whole inch from my toe to the tip of the sneaker.  Little support.
B008A6KTKC Really cute shoe! I am usually a Nike girl because they fit great and my feet don't hurt after a long day of walking/standing in a medical office. I saw these online and thought they were really cute so decided to try them out. When I got them, I tried them on with both socks and no socks. They fit great, but are loose in the heal so they slide when I walk. Not sure if its the shoe or if I just have a skinny heal, but have to return them: /
B008A6KTKC BEAUTIFUL! Love these shoes.  The color is amazing.  Fit is perfect.  Super comfortable.  So pretty.  Even better than I expected.  LOVE 'EM!!!
B008A6KTKC Great fit Very comfortable...love the support...being flat footed I have a hard time finding a shoe that fits well and gives support and these do both. I'll be buying another pair soon! Love them!
B008A6KTKC Comfort in the end After a few runs, the pumas are not uncomfortable by any means. They fit snug but feel great at the end of a workout which is important.
B008A6KTKC great for crosstraining I bought these for my boxing class, which has a lot of other exercises too (akin to cross-fit) that involve running, shuffling and jumping, etc. I was just using old running shoes, but they were terrible. I have only used thses a few times so far, but so far they have not disappointed! I was expecting (and hoping for) them to be a bit more lightweight like other Puma shoes, but they definitely have some weight to them. As other reviewers have said, they have kind of a weird tongue, but I actually really like it -- it doensn't slip at all! I said that they fit as expected; other said they fit tight, but I have very narrow long feet, and they fit great. The heel does slip a bit, I've almost come out of them a few times. That is a little annoying.
B008A6KTKC As expected I truly love my new shoes. I run alsmost every single day, and i'm certain, these are great for my feet. TY!
B008A6KTKC A little snug The shoe is very pretty and the color looks even better in person. However the design doesn't allow for much adjustment or stretch across the instep because it s a slide-in she with no tongue. It fits a bit snug but will likely stretch after a few wears. The length is as expected. Feels nice and light while running.
B008A6KTKC Returning Them These are really cute shoes, but they have a really unusual fit.  The part that fits around your ankle hits very low on the ankle and is not comfortable to me.  I do like the look but obviously tennis shoes need to fit comfortably!!!
B008A6KTKC love this running shoe!! Not only are they comfortable...theyre stylish...i got them in 3 colors..they give your feet support but the mesh in the front gives your toes room so they wont feel crammed.true to size.
B008A6KTKC Love them Get lots of compliments! Fast shipping and great seller. Pumas are all I wear anymore at work. They have such great colors and fit great!
B008A6KTKC Tight fit I ordered my normal size (8.5 women's) but it was tight in the width. I returned them the same day.
B008A6KTKC Not a good fit The back of the shoe is not secure. It slips up and down. I should have returned these as it is not a good fit. I cannot work out safely in these shoes.
B008A6KTKC Comfortable!!!! These shoes were very comfortable. They fit perfectly! I would recommend these to anyone AND I got them at a great price!
B008A6KTKC LOVE THESE SHOES! I love these shoes, I love how they fit and how they look. Highly recomend these shoes. I might have gotten away with a 7.5 and I wear an 8 but they slip on and off real easy but still have support for my feet.
B008A6KTKC Not exactly what I wanted  ;-(  but kinda' attractive-looking  ;-) These shoes are short in the toes for me; otherwise they fit like a 7.5.  It's difficult to tell from the photo, but the design on top tends to make my feet look wide (when other shoes do not) .  I'm hoping my toes adapt or that the toe area will stretch out a little with time.  I wore these for Zumba, and I'm not sure their soles are as smooth as they should be for Zumba in particular.
B008A6KTKC Her pick...can't go wrong What she wanted so can't go wrong with that approach! Fit a little snug but experience with Puma we knew that; maybe a 1/2 larger than you would normally wear. However, shoe will expand some with wear.
B008A6KTKC These shoes are awesome They fit snug and great.  I like how light weight they are,  I have gotten so many compliments on them,  they were a hard shoe to find but Amazon as always comes through.
B008A6KTKC Bought them twice These are so great that I bought them for myself and for a friend as a gift. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable to wear for extended times or to work out in.
B008A6KTKC Beautiful shoe I have had so many compliments on these shoes. Absolutely beautiful shoes. Love them so much and they feel so go.
B008A6KTKC Great Shoes Love the color, lots of compliments. Fit exactly right. I would recommend these for anybody for the gym or just for walking around town.
B008A6KTKC Looking cool isn't enough! I was so excited about these shoes. They looked so fun and were a good price, unfortunately they fit really weird. These shoes were long enough but really pinched the toes. So much that my toes started going numb.
B008A6KTKC Sublime Very surprised by how much I like these. They seem tight at first but after 3 wears and a workout in them, I am very pleased.
B008A6KTKC LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes! They are so comfortable! I went running in them the day they arrived and they didn't hurt my feet at all! Love these shoes!! Comfort and style---you can't beat that!
B008A6KTKC Great color and function I bought this pair to use for Crossfit workouts in the morning because they looked more minimalist and flat on the bottom so I could do power cleans and push press...and they work perfect for that purpose!Recently, however, I wore them while helping my sister move, and all the up and down the stairs, being hard on my feet all day in such thin-soled shoes was murder...my feet ached for days!  Don't wear them moving/for long runs/or for a day of shopping...another side affect is since they are a cinch close-top shoe, they fit very snug on the top of your foot for the first month.But like I said, great for Crossfit purposes...so light-weight, box jumps are a breeze now compared to my heavier, clunkier ASIC running shoes. Go get your sweat on!
B008A6KTKC these are great.. Fit perfectly.. I ordered a size 8 1/2 and they fit perfectly.. I get sooo many compliments on them.. I'm an athletic shoe person.. I have close to 100 pairs.. this is a great addition to my collection.. definitely recommend!!!
B008A6KTKC Had to I have another pair of Pumas and love them. These are the same size but don't fit as snug. My heel slipped when I walked in them so they had to go back.
B008A6KTKC Awesome shoes! These fit as expected.  In some brands, I have to get a lil larger size.  These are typical fit.  They are awesome looking.  Colors are bright and vibrant.  What I expected.  I've never owned a pair of puma tennis shoes so wasn't certain of the fit or comfort.  Thumbs up for both.  I usually put insoles in all of my tennis shoes, including the most comfy I can usually find.  Not these, comfy as they are.  I didn't have to break them in or anything.  Felt like slipping on my old comfy shoes or slippers. I love them!
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes!!!!! So comfy....and I love the fit and the style.  I would definitely recommend them!!  Also love the way they look.
B008A6KTKC pumas I love these shoes! they fit exactly as expected and i get complimented on them everytime i wear them. i did have to wear them for short periods for the first few days or i would have had some pretty bad blisters.
B008A6KTKC My Wife's Fav Workout Shoes Got these for my wife @ Christmas for here crossfit workout routine and she loves them.  Great fit plus they look great.
B008A6KTKC Great!!! Loving my Puma's! They fit great and love the bright colors. My job requires a lot of walking so these shoes are perfect!
B008A6KTKC This shoe is great for Zumba, U-Jam classes! I also use it in kickboxing.  It's a snug fit - you have to wear very thin socks, but the support for me is great!  I really noticed the difference while on the Bosu ball.  My balance is so much better with this shoe.  I had always just worn running shoes or some dance sneakers to class, but these really make a difference!
B008A6KTKC Pretty in Pink!!! Great colors and comfortable fit... I am a fan of Puma for women and I am loving the bright colors.
B008A6KTKC Awesome! Haven't been able to run in them, but wore them yesterday. I love the fact that the tongue is connected to the shoe. It doesn't move and very breathable. I have a pair of Puma Trailrunners, and they are also my favorite. Can't wait to try these in the gym. I wear size 8, and they fit perfectly. I also love the ankle support built in. Very happy with this purchase!Update; I've ran in these shoes for about 2 weeks now. The only part of my feet that hurt is my big toe =/ But it's getting better. I have a high arch and these really help. Still completely recommend
B008A6KTKC workout  shoes The shoes are nice but fit a little small.  they're good for working out but not running.  I use them for T25 and they work great!!
B008A6QIV6 Puma's are solid I bought them for jogging on a treadmill. The fit was great and they are giving me the support and comfort I need. They have a good arch. They are good for casual wear, as well and go well with jeans.
B008A6YAFW Look great, durable, could use better arch support. Love how they look and feel. I'm a bit flat footed so I wish they had more arch support. Soles are great though, went to a junk yard that was covered in broken glass and didn't get a single puncture.
B008A6YCRI Exactly what I expected I particularly prefer Puma for how light their designs are and how they feel a little more wider in the toe area than other brands I've tried. But the right Puma cleats are hard to find for women as it is and when you find a style, it's hard to find them again next season, but these turned out perfect. They had the same treading as my last pair, which I loved. I got these in my regular size 6.5 shoe size. They were exactly like I had expected and I couldn't be happier. Usually when I buy new cleats, the leather isn't really as flexible right off the bat as these and takes some serious time to break into them and get my feet adjusted. But with these, literally the first night I used them, they fit like a gem and were flexible enough to give me plenty of room to move around in without leaving a single blister. Not too tight, not too lose. I found myself needing to either double layer thin socks or wear a single thicker pair to keep from sliding my feet around too much. The only thing I'd change out are the laces. They're more plastic threaded and so I find myself needing to double knot, otherwise the laces loosen while you play.
B008A6YCRI Does what we need them too do My daughter's in soccer a lot and just needs shoes every year. These are very nice, fit her fine. Thx
B008A6YIFO GREAT QUALITY AND FIT PERFECT VERY GOOD LOOKING AND DURABLE. SOLID FEEL WHEN RUNNING ON GRASS .HIGH QUALITY FROM PUMA. FIT GREAT ON LENGTH AND WIDTH.
B008A6YJDU Awesome for Rugby I purchased these cleats for Rugby and so far they are great. I got them in my size and they were pretty tight at first but after a few practices they fit nicely.
B008A6YRP0 Great shoes These shoes fit just as a normal 8.5 would!  They are very comfy and non-chaffing.
B008A77TYK Puma shoes are great! Great Puma shoe that fit as expected.  The style is nice and comfortable. I can wear these shoes with a variety of pants.
B008A77TYK Comfortable and Stylish I get complimented on these shoes and they're definitely one of my most comfortable pairs of shoes. 10.5 fit exactly as expected!
B008A77TYK They Fit They look good and fit true to their size. They are also very comfortable. Would buy them again! They also came in an eco friendly red puma bag!
B008AH398A Clothes is too tight It is soft and feels good, I like the color too. However, the pants and clthoes don't fit. The pant is too long and clothes is too tight,
B008AH39YE Perfect for After Ballet I purchased this for my daughter to wear before and after ballet as her leotard isn't warm enough in the winter, not do I like her wearing a leotard and tights if we have to go run errands. Perfect fit!
B008AILF9Y Just what I expected from foam shoe ProsVery light and comfortable when running and walking .ConsGreen paint started to come off in first week
B008AILKZ8 Great! I love the shoes. They fit great, look great, and work for my casual sporty life. Pumas are the bomb
B008AILKZ8 Cool looking and stylish sneaker The fit is true to size with wiggle room as expected for the style. Clean and cool looking on as they look on-line. Happy with the purchase - haven't had any issues with Puma sneakers at all!
B008AILQJI shoes fit and comfy ordered these as my spare pair of shoes, secondary, what have you. they've been very efficient, comfortable, and acceptable. I do rate them as a secondary style, not my primary shoes. the tongue does sometimes poke my ankle wrong n cause discomfort, if tied too tight.
B008AJ5B4S awesome!! Love these shoes! Fit great light weight and look fantastic!  I wear an eleven and these shoes fit perfect so would say they are correct to size
B008AJOHXO Snappy Sweet design - fits a little snug, but can be expected since I have wider than normal feet. Limited Edition.
B008AJZ5OO PUMA rocks The style is cool and size fit as expected, I like the color very much!!!! last puma rocks as always
B008AJZ5OO puma future cat These shoes are the best fit for me and I have purchased all the various colors and am always on the lookout for more colors. This is the only brand of shoe I buy because I can always count on the best fit every time.  Keep doing what you do well.
B008AK6Q8C great looking pumas Looks great, feels great. Fit as expected. I'm a puma guy, so there was no question about whether or not it would fit. Know your brands, and complete your style. This works very well for me.
B008AKO0BM Advices This is an amazing shoe! get lot's of comment and look really nice! These are not walking or running shoes, I only wear them when I go out with friends, or go to the mall etc.I got the black ones however, if yellow is your second choice go for yellow, it will have more attention and easy to spot. Also, my black ones are a bit too tight, that is why I advice you to get a 1/2 size bigger! ;)
B008AL2UCC What took me do long!!! Great look and feel. Better look then expected. My first puma and I'm looking forward to more additions to my puma family.
B008AL2UCC PUMA men's Attaq Fashion Sneaker This Puma Men's Attaq Sneaker are superligth weight and fit like a glove over the foot , beside they style look like a shoe and are nice and comfrot to wear , As soon as I wear them and walk with them I thought I wa kicking instead because of the ligthweight of the sneaker and the sole are hard good for the ground.
B008AL33QE Great product I loved the shoes because they fit as I expected, the size was the correct, the shoes design was as I expected and they are really comfortable.
B008AL33QE Great looking shoes, but a bit stiff to walk in I've only worn this pair of shoes a few times and they look great. My only complaint is that the heel bit that rubs against your Achilles tendon is a bit stiff and rough so I definitely recommend wearing socks that covers your ankles when wearing these shoes.
B008AL33QE cool and very cool Love Puma shoes, everyone wants to know where I found them! Great fit and quality, cool to work out in and just walk around in!!!
B008AL33QE Great looking shoes I usually wear an 11, and these (US size 11) fit perfectly. The materials are fantastic, the black along the rear is actually a textile replication of carbon fiber, giving the shoes an especially racy appearance. While not particularly comfortable, the shoes aren't UNcomfortable; that just comes with the territory with a driving style shoe.I had previously owned an earlier version of the future cat, and loved the way they looked, and I'm very happy with the new model.
B008AL36G6 very good it is very good, comfortabale.it is coming very fit on my footi like it, it is so nice
B008AL36G6 Shoes okay. Very beautiful, very stylish.Workmanship not imagine better.Foot lanky person wearing the shoe fit.Will recommend to my friends.
B008AL3L0C quite stylish... and quite tight Puma has spoiled me with their Mostro shoes.  The Mostro is a low-profile model that has become my standard by which future sneakers shall be judged in terms of fit and comfort.Unfortunately, my driving style wreaks havoc on the Mostro's knobby heel/sole, and I grew tired of prematurely wearing them down.  The Mostro Reluxe doesn't have the knobby sole, but it's too pricey for use as a daily driver and has rather thin/short rubber at the heel, so I went on the hunt for an affordable wrap heel shoe that would better endure my pedal-pivoting tendencies.  I also wanted a nice looking and unique shoe.There's no denying the attractiveness of the Hyper Driver. It's a pretty shoe, to be sure.  Puma is a master of creating good-looking fashion sneakers.One reason I ordered from Amazon is because I couldn't find them in Shadow color anywhere else.  Not only do I prefer this over the black version, but the fact that shadow is apparently somewhat rare also boosts the shoe's overall appeal.Although I wasn't expecting the Hyper Driver to fit exactly like the Mostro, I did have high hopes that it would at least be wearable.Sadly, that is not the case.  Whoever designed the lasts for this model cannot be the same designer(s) of the Mostro.  The two models are worlds apart where comfort is concerned.One thing I immediately noticed as I stood in the Hyper Drivers for the first time was that the insole, which isn't removable like the Mostro's, is cut in such a way that one's big toe and ball of the foot ride on its edge.  This is very noticeable while standing or walking.  It is at least highly distracting and annoying, and has the potential for becoming uncomfortable, though perhaps not painfully so, after wearing the shoes for a while.The length is fine -- caveat: as with the Mostros and Puma in general, one typically needs a full size larger than competing brands.  The width is fine.  The heel counter is fine.  The arch support is fine, although it seems a bit shallower than the Mostro.  The tongue feels ok, but tends to slide in toward the toes and thus get jammed during foot insertion; it's difficult to avoid this.The worst problem with this model is the metatarsal (instep, or vamp if you prefer) section.The areas of the metatarsophalangeal joint (big toe lower metatarsal knuckle) and cuneonavicular joint (upper knuckle) are tight enough to hurt.  The discomfort in my case continued for about 15 minutes after I removed the shoes -- I only had them on for a couple of minutes test fitting them.Yes, they're slip-ons and one should expect a certain amount of pressure to keep them on one's feet.  However, other slip-ons don't have this problem and they stay on just fine.Furthermore, my test fitting was with the thinnest GoldToe lo-cut PowerSox I own (old version, before the more heavily padded redesign) -- for those who don't know, these are some of the thinnest sneaker/sport type socks available -- which means my feet would be even angrier at me were I to ever wear thicker socks with these shoes.Contrary to the seller description, this model does not have a hook and loop closure (the Mostro, however, does).  The pics don't lie:  the Hyper Driver has non-adjustable elastic straps that are permanently sewn in place.At first I thought the elastic straps were mostly responsible for my pain.  Upon closer examination, I found that the seams/cuts are such that it would take a spot stretcher to loosen it up enough, if even possible, and using one would certainly distort the lovely profile of the shoe.Put another way, spot stretching a comfort bulge would put a serious dent in the shoe's aesthetic appeal.The only other pair of shoes I've had this problem with were leather Reeboks from many years ago.  They also looked snazzy, which is valueless if they hurt too much to wear.  I never did attempt to stretch them, instead wearing them for a time in an effort to break this area in.  It never happened.Lesson learned: if the shoes constrict, you must convict.So, back to Amazon they go.If you have small foot bones and flat feet, these shoes might feel good on you (except perhaps the insole edge).  I have average/normal arches and these shoes are tight enough to hurt my feet.The 2 stars are for aesthetics alone.
B008AL3L0C Beautiful Shoe - Tight Width The shoe's appearance is unique in its beauty. I don't know know if men wearing size 13 have narrow width feet....i'm not one of them. It was a very-very tight fit. I was disappointed thinking I would have to go through changes sending the shoes back. Improvise-adapt-overcome.......I rolled up news papers stuffed them into the shoes tight- watered the news paper, the next day I put on the shoes with an easy fit and comfort.
B008AL3L0C too tight on the sides. Too tight on the sides and when the shoe bends during a natural forward step, it gets tighter on the sides.
B008ALI936 Good for the back ;) A lot of hours standing, walking on cement floors in my job touring suppliers with issues so needed to get away from a) hard soled shoes and b) shoes with any type of heel. I have jogging Pumas (Turin) which worked out great for my back so decided to take a chance on a walking shoe. Criteria was it had to be all black (If I also had to be at the office the same day), professional looking and close to the group (which works well for a sensitive back). Happy with the purchase. Gave 4 stars vs 5 as these are not made of natural materials and feet can get hot sometimes (breathing concern).In terms of 'fit', had Nike's previously and Puma tends to run 0.5 size small...so order Puma 0.5 size larger (if you wear an 11, order 11.5).
B008ALI936 PUMA  Sneaker Love this shoe!  Great comfortable fit and a great look at a good price!Thinking about buying a second pair.
B008ALJ8S6 Very nice These are now our new favorite Velcro sneaker. They look so very nice, and of course are easy. The fit is accurate.
B008ALJ8S6 Shoe purchase This is the first pair of shoes I have purchased on line. I have trouble finding shoes that fit right because i have a wide foot and no arches. These shoes  are wonderful. They fit well, are very comfortable and easy to get on and off. This is important because I am handicapped and have a hard time getting shoes on and off.I would give them a 5 star rating
B008ALX6SO Perfect fit These shoes don't need to be bought in a larger or smaller size since they are true to the fit. Be prepared to break them in, as needed with all shoes, but after the first two hours, mine were comfy and good to go. Probably best to tie a double-knot since the laces come apart easily.
B008ALX6SO Comfortable, Good ball control, Poor laces It is very comfortable. Moulds to fit your feet. good handling and control of the ball. The laces slip a bit so you often have to retie your laces during the match. also it doesn't have much padding so be prepared to feel some rough tackles through the cleats. All told, I am happy with the purchase.
B008ALXEBS Great turf shoe Fit a little tight but once I wore them a little bit they lose we up!  Now they feel good
B008ALXEBS Nice fit, poor workmanship I like the overall fit and feel of the shoe, but the sole started coming apart at the heel after only two months.  I expected to get at least a years worth of use out of them.
B008AWU21W nice sneaker get your corect size.these are slip on.picture looks like they have velcro straps. am glad i got them. price ok . i took out insoles annd put in my own .sneakers fit fine now. problem solved.i am very happy with these sneakers .
B008AWU21W The Bomb These shoes are the bomb. I couldn't design a pair better than these. I have been looking for a long time for a slip on mid top that was easy to get on and off and fit good. I don't like wearing boots in warmer weather when I'm riding my Harley and shoes with laces are always coming undone.
B008AWUB54 YEEAH ARE VERE CONFORTABLE, VERY NICE LOOK, ARRIVED IN THE TIME BETTER THAN I EXPECTED I USE FOR GYM AND RUN.EXECELLENT SHOES
B008AWUB54 They're Nice The shoes fit okay, but I am not really happy with them. Will only use them occassionally.
B008AWUB54 Love Puma ON Puma shoes I have learned to get 1/2 size bigger. Now that I know that I get a great fit every time. Great shoe.
B008AWYIXU SHOE EXPERIENCED WELL WASN'T SURE HOW THEY WOULD FIT WITHOUT TRYING ON, FIT PERFECT, BUY THEM AGAIN, WOULD RECOMEND TO FRIENDS, GOOD BUY
B008AXTOQ0 Good fit and performance Great fit. Good looking runner. Well balanced for a flat contact with the ground when running. Plus they look great
B008AXTOQ0 Amazing This shoes looks amazin in real, much more that u can apreciate in the pictures. Really Confortables, and so easy to use. I love it so far!.The size fits as expected.
B008AXTOQ0 Front is tight Front is little tight I can't wear the shoes  . They lying under the bed. Want to send back tell me how
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe I ordered this shoe to work out in. When I first opened them I was pleased with the look. I initially thought it was a little tight but by the second time I had worn them the fit felt fine. the issue is that they rub in the heel area. Not enough to blister but just enough that my socks don't stay put. I wear low cut socks and It never fells during every workout I'm pulling my socks from under my heel, which is annoying.
B008AXTOQ0 Great fit, true 2 size Great fit, true 2 size. Would recommend to anybody who cross trains. Both more than 1 in different color. Great price.
B008AXTOQ0 great fit, good for running, fun colour Good arch support (I have high arches)Springy heelNo tongue!  I hadn't thought about it before I wore these, but the tongues on shoes constantly slip to one side and have to be adjusted.  On these shoes, the &#34;tongue&#34; is fully integrated with the rest of the shoe -- it continues around to the back of the heel and is attached to the side of the shoe from the heel to the toe.  It feels like putting on a slipper, which then gives your a foot an all-over gentle hug.
B008AXTOQ0 it fits my needs perfectly I bought this item for me and my entire crew.  I own an event management company and our colours are blue and orange so it fitted my needs perfectly.  The fit is extremely comfortable.  At first, one may find it somewhat tight as the tongue is not separate to the shoe.  This simply takes getting used to...in very little time, the material stretches to fit the individual and the entire crew is happy with it.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Shoes I gave these as a gift and they fit perfect and have and look great. They don't have the tradition tongue most shoes do it's all one piece that stretches and then you lace over it. I was worried he would dislike them or they would have a strange feel but he loves them.
B008AXTOQ0 puma voltaic 4 already had 2 pairs of the 3s and liked the looks of these. these pumas tend to be very snug but seem to strech out a bit as you were them. after first couple uses dont pinch much and fit well.
B008AXTOQ0 Great looking, very comfortable, but a slightly weak heel weld I bought these shoes having never tried them on, but my risk has paid off. Not only are they great looking, but they are very comfortable. I use them for cross training, so I can't comment about any distance running, but they do provide good support for my training needs. My only complaint is about the heel support. I have have slight overpronation on my right side, and these shoes don't give me a super tight heel weld. It's a minor complaint, but I think it would be more impactful for distance runners. My bottom line is that I am very satisfied with these shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Love them These are awesome shoes. They fit like a glove and I wish that I could wear them all the time.
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect Fit Perfect for cross training and it's comfortable.... Fits like a glove!I would recommend this shoe to everyone into working out!
B008AXTOQ0 new pumas are great They fit as expected.  They were sliding off the heel at first use, but 10 min on a treadmill solved that.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome shoe! Exactly as expected.  Replacement for my Voltaic 3 sneakers.  These are actually better.  They slip on better compare to the Voltaic 3s.
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA I bought these for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves them they are great and fit good! I have the exact same shoes but pink and lime green!
B008AXTOQ0 Can't take them off My fianc&eacute; absolutely loves these shoes the fit is perfect and comfortable In fact they came in a bag in the box and he puts them back just as it arrived when he's done wearing them!
B008AXTOQ0 A little disappointment... The shoe is fairly light but to me appears wide when I wear it.It fits snug which I like and does appear to accurate sizing. I wear a 10.5 and ordered it too.It has good arch support.As for running... the shoe is not a breathable as I would like. I expected the fabric across the toe to be breathable but I find my feet getting hot. I think they do well outdoors as the weather is still cool but it's not what I expected. I still plan on keeping them as I do love the style.The description says "tongueFabric liningRemovable" but I do not see any way to remove it!~Update: April 26 - Still going strong. I still wish the liner is removable as I do find my feet getting hot while running
B008AXTOQ0 Best I am in love with this brand because always i get what i want and is so good the way fit
B008AXTOQ0 Odd fit Shoes looked nice, but the fit was off. They felt restricting so I returned them. Not sure if a bigger size would have even mattered.
B008AXTOQ0 love it Feels like im wearing flip flops, great support stylish and confortable. I hope they last as long as Nike shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Fit and Look Great Love these shoes as they fit and look great.  They definitely illicit a strong reaction from others - most love but some hate.  Either way, I love them.
B008AXTOQ0 Fit perfectly. I love them! Fit perfectly. I love them! They are perfect for run and I could not find them in stores, they where sold out. Best way to buy...but be sure it is your right number, I came from Europe and was at the begining a little bit confusing. But now I know that it is 9.5 .I am happy with it!
B008AXTOQ0 No arch support Pros:- if you order half a size larger than what you normally wear, they're pretty nice- The shoes breath pretty well; however, my feet still stink at the end of the day ;)- Pretty stylish- no tongue design is kind of like having a sock built in- feels high qualityCons:- Unfortunately for myself and this review, Arch support is very important to me and this shoe simply does not have the support that I need. The pair of shoes I wore before these are Nike shox.Other thoughts:In reality I would give these shoes a 3.5, and if I did not have high arches more like a 4.5. I definitely suggest these over the regular voltaic 4s.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe.... My son complains that it rubs his foot, doesn't fit as well as other pumas we have bought.  Have been happier with other shoes, but is ok, just not great!
B008AXTOQ0 Great purchase My husband loves these shoes! He was concerned about not being able to try them on before buying them because he can go up on down half a shoe size based on the brand. These fit great and he really likes the look.
B008AXTOQ0 Good fit I bought the shoes for my fianc&eacute;. He said that they fit perfectly and were very comfortable. The blue and green combo is nice and unique.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Running Shoe I ordered a 10.5 - because different running shoes fit differently. These are very comfortable and feel great on linear runs. I use mine in the gym, they are not cement tested. The only thing about them to note is that: 1) they are a little lower than I expected around the ankle, affecting perceived support; and 2) there is no way to tighten that area specifically. Still, I give them an overall 5/5.
B008AXTOQ0 As advertised and on time Bought these shoes to match the junior voltaic 3's bc my 7 year old wants me to match him. Nice value for the money and came on time. Fit well...haven't actually run in them yet but they seem well built. Most of the cushioning is in the heel section and they are fairly low to the ground in the front box. I have a wide foot but they seem to fit fine.
B008AXTOQ0 Look good, but too thin. Much thinner then expected, had to go with a bigger size just to make it fit for the width.  Shoe looks good though.
B008AXTOQ0 Bright flashy kicks Very bright shoes that fit comfortably. Everybody at the office got a kick out of them. They also turn heads at the gym. Wear them with all my green outfits!
B008AXTOQ0 good fit but get at least a half size bigger They fit well,a little snug at first but once they were broken in they fit good.overall a good running shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 some changes my last two pairs of these same shoes fit great. now they changed them and they are too narrow and short. strange that they used to fit just fine and now they have made them differently and are not a good fit for me.
B008AXTOQ0 Amazing Exactly what I expected And they fit wonderful couldn't have ask for more I love the design the way they fit and all around amazing
B008AXTOQ0 great Very comfortable shoes. Great colors to choose from. Cannot find PUMA shoes where we live. Great to find them online
B008AXTOQ0 Love these shoes The shoes run kind of small but I knew that before hand and ordered two sizes larger than what I would normally wear.  I fit them fine when I have my socks on.The sides are kind of a disappointment.  They aren't like the original Voltaic design with individual stitching on the side designs, and more like one giant plastic design that was sewed on.  But even then, it still looks good, just not what I was expecting when comparing to previous generation of this shoe design.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Shoes I have gotten so many compliments on these shoes! Felt tight at first but after a few wears have become a very comfortable shoe. Love the no tongue feature!! Shoes fit like a glove!!
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA Voltaic Love it!! I bought the shoes for my husband as a gift and was worried they might not fit, but they were true to size! Very comfortable, so comfortable in fact that I am going to buy the female version ASAP! My husband has plantar fasciitis and he said that they didn't hurt his heel as where most shoes do. I highly recommend these shoes!
B008AXTOQ0 Great brand, worth every penny. These shoes are great! I have odd sized feet, they are a little wide, and Puma shoes are about the only running shoes that will fit. When I first wore them, they were a little tight, but once I broke the shoe in they are just what I need. Very high quality material with a fresh look. I would suggest them to anyone!
B008AXTOQ0 Great style and comfort It's nice to follow trend with all the neon sneaker colors but these sneaks are very comfy and fit well, which is hard to find in some brands. Also, I can easily be found within a crowd if people look down for my feet!
B008AXTOQ0 Cool Shoes Bought these for my son he loves the colors and they fit great!  It is hard to find cool shoes his size.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes that fit perfectly. I am always pleased with Puma shoes. I like the colorful styles and the fit is always comfortable for me.
B008AXTOQ0 Look nice The &#34;no tongue&#34; inner lining is a great idea. Sadly, for me, this causes a looser fit, allowing my socks to slip in the shoe no matter how tight I tie it. Also, these are a little heavier than my other running shoes. They look real nice though (as usual for pumas)
B008AXTOQ0 Nice, Comfy and Stylish sneakers Nice, comfy sneakers the tongus is awkward though its connected to the upper part of the sneaker.I love the color and the fit
B008AXTOQ0 comfortable and bright I chose the bright color due to being in the desert. Great for running. Only thing i would advise is that if you have &#34;wider&#34; feet, be careful with these, they were tight on the sides. Length wise fit as expected.
B008AXTOQ0 Great Shoes These shoes fit like a glove and are extremely comfortable(I wear size 14, and finding well fitting 14s can be a chore).  They have quickly become my &#34;go to&#34; sneaks.  I'm not a huge fan of the 'no tongue' design...but I am liking it the more I become accustomed to it.  The quality is great, although one of the fabric heel pulls is  shredding rather quickly, it is not a concern to me because I typically don't use them anyway and a quick snip of some scissors removes the threads.With me mentioning some downsides why did I rate 5 stars?  because I really do love the fit/feel/look of these shoes THAT much.
B008AXTOQ0 Love I love these running shoes, my best friends at gym and everywhere I go... they fit as expected and have bright colors!
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable fit Fits true to size for me.  Maybe a little snug in width,but a nice fit for running and excercising.  Nice selection of colors to choose form also.
B008AXTOQ0 The shoes are okay. The length is great but the sides fits too snug. This is because there is a elastic liner that holds the shoe in place. But after a while of wearing the shoes, the fit has improved. The shoes are not heavy which made my feet feel good at the end of the day.
B008AXTOQ0 Love them! They fit good, but not as good as I thought they would. They are somehow too tight, even though the size is the one I'm wearing. Still, I have no other complains, I love them, using them every day since I got them. They allow your skin to breath which is really important. More than comfortable!
B008AXW9PI Track shoes These track shoes were perfect and very light. They were exactly as I expected them to be. I would definitely recommend this product to others.
B008AXW9PI Great Shoes fit great and they feel even better when sprinting. They have worked out in helping in training to get better.
B008AXY38Y good shoes after reading the reviews on the shoes and wearing other brands in the past such as new balance, nike, reebok, and adidas. the shoes fit a little more snug than i expected. very good thing i ordered a half size bigger than i wear. other reviews said the shoes fit exactly the way they thought. no one said to get a size bigger. new balance shoes fit a wider foot, reebok and addidas has a &#34;cheaper&#34; quality to them when comparing them to nike, which is my brrand of choice. first time puma owner here and i really like them. havent actually used them for cross training as per their original design but i am planning too. thank you amazon and puma!!
B008AXY38Y nice look but uncomfortable When I first put them on I thought they were extremely comfortable seem to fit nice and snug all the way around. After actually wearing them for an entire day I noticed my feet are quite sore on the bottom. Could defiantly use better soles. Not terrible shoes but if you plan on being on your feet all day I wouldn't suggest these.
B008AXY38Y Five Stars perfect fit...beautiful shoe!
B008AXY38Y Great Looking and Comfortable My Husband Loves this sneaker, We have purchased them before and this style and fit is always a winner with him. We will be ording them in Black as well.
B008AXY38Y Love these shoes I get more comments on how stylish these shoes are.. and they fit perfect. Love the Puma design and wear these shoes almost daily.
B008AXY38Y Very comfortable and attractive These are probably the best athletic shoes I have ever owned.  The fit is perfect.  The support is perfect.  And, they are very attractive. I am definitely ordering another pair.
B008AXY38Y Awesome These pumas are great running shoes!! Great support, light weight, and extremely comfortable! I would definitely recomend this to a friend.
B008AXY38Y Great value for money shoe. I took others advice  on here and ordered a half size larger than I normally wear. It was a good decision, perfect fit.  The shoes are comfortable straight out of the box and although I have travelled any great distance in them, I have found them to be comfortable to wear for extended periods.
B008AXY38Y Fit is fine No size trouble here! Great fit and very comfortable.
B008AXY38Y Very Comfortable I am a big guy and typically find it difficult to find sneakers that fit comfortably. These are great. Very comfortable and the size (11-1/2 M), at least for me was true. I've had them for over a month now and have not had any issues.
B008AXY38Y They look great and feel great!!! The fit pretty good, just as expected, they look great and feel great.For Walking or running.I love them!!!
B008AXY38Y Great Shoes I am a woman who wears a size 11 shoe and I am very picky about my shoes.  I was looking for a nice pair of black athletic shoes and just wasn't finding anything in women's that didn't have pink in it.  I love pink but I just wanted mostly black.  These fit that bill perfectly.I have to have a specific fit in my shoes for them to be comfortable.  I don't mess around with uncomfortable shoes - and I don't normally buy shoes online.  But I have owned Puma's in the past and found that they are comfortable on my feet and they run true to size.  Both applied with this pair of shoes.  I don't like the shoes that have inside arch support - these don't.  I don't like shoes that have outside arch support - these don't.  They just feel like great regular shoes for those of us who can wear flip flops without any support at all.The fit is great and the width is perfect.  The shoe doesn't hug my foot (which tends to make it tired quicker) and it is the exact right size.I am very happy.
B008AXY38Y Not really happy Great looking shoes.  However, the width is a bit tight.  Not near as comfortable as my New Balance or Gravity defeyer shoes.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes Look good, fit well. Shoes were priced fairly. They also go very well with my Detroit Tigers gear. What else can I say?
B008AXY38Y Fit Perfectly Perfect fit from the beginning with no tightness to complain about whatsoever. My feet are extreme happy and they told me to say, &#34;Thank You.&#34;
B008AXYILQ As expected My son ordered these for track and loves them.  They fit perfect to size and are comfortable.  He would recommend.
B008AZD5ZE A new fan Was a little worried about them being puma because I hadn't had a good experience with them in the past. But they are great! Fit so awesome! Shipping was insanity fast!
B008AZEC1U Perfect fit love using it. i think it is much better than what i expected it to be in the price i got it for
B008AZG59W In love Our teenager loves this shoe... so much so that he doesn't want to take them off!  Fits as expected, great price, neon is a must have right now, and very comfortable.
B008AZG59W satisfied It is a perfect fit and reasonable price can't ask for better. look forward to get more good deals and get benefited.
B008AZG59W PUMA Men's Radius Running Shoe I purchased this item to have better support and comfort feeling on my feet and I am experiencing it as I expected.
B008AZG59W great shoe I bought these for my husband. He loves the fit and the feel. Says they are incredibly comfortable. I would buy again
B008AZG59W Fits great! Excellent choice! These shoes fit me great. I'm 6'5'' and 240 lbs., and these shoes are really comfortable to wear all day. The price is great, too!
B008AZG59W Light & durable / not much arch support In person, this shoe is beautiful and everyone is complimenting it. Great fit, very light and durable. However, even with new insoles, it does not provide much arch support. Just something to keep in mind.
B008AZG59W New Puma Fan I was very skeptical about ordering shoes online and, honestly, I was expecting to have to send them back for a different size. These shoes are awesome!! They fit to size in comparison with my everyday gym shoes. Worked out in them last night, and they are very comfortable and lightweight. Running a couple miles after work, looking forward to a smooth ride. And the price? AMAZING!
B008AZG59W Comfortable and good fit Comfortable shoes, fits as expected and feels great when running. I'm sure there are pricier shoes that are better, but for the cost these are great.
B008AZG59W Good fit, well constructed, great price Generally I don't like to buy shoes on line, as half the time they don't fit. But these were such a bargain for a brand I previously had good luck with that I relented. They fit great: well enough not to cramp toes on downhill stretches; nice stable soles; laces adjust well to foot shape. No pinch points or hot spots.
B008AZLCBI Good shoes This shoes look very good. They are very comfortable too. I bougth an 11, and they fit somewhat adjusted so buy an extra .5 size.
B008B0MGQ2 Not really what I expected These are the shoes I saw in the store (they didn't have my size) or what I expected to get. The red stripes on the sides are a separate panel sewn on, not really a part of the shoe. They are OK, but not as good as they look in the photos.
B008B0MGQ2 Best pair of shoes I have bought in a long time!! Fit like a glove!! These shoes not only look great they fit awesome!! I have heard Pumas run small but I wear an 11 1/2 and thats what these are. They fit like a glove! Very happy with my new shoes
B008B0MGQ2 great shoes, perfect fit I bought the shoes in June 2013 and they fit perfectly.  I wear them everyday for work and to workout.  They look as good today (15 Feb 2014) as the did when I bought them.  This is my second pair of Puma's and I'm going to stay with Puma's from now on!good shoes!
B008B0MGQ2 Great fit and Great look The shoe looked even better in hand than online. Better still on my feet afterwards. I haven't worn it much as yet but it certainly feels comfortable.
B008B0TDGS Love 'em! Big fan of these shoes; surprisingly comfortable, nice looking, great fit.The only trouble is keeping them clean with all the white, gotta be extra careful!
B008BXRZ9W Wonderful little shoe! I purchased these for my five year old.  She is very picky about clothes, shoes, etc.  If there is anything slightly uncomfortable or &#34;off&#34; she notices (OCD?).  She loves these shoes and wears them with everything.  I was very pleased when I first saw them because they look much nicer than I expected.  They are sporty enough to wear at the park yet dressy enough to wear for fancier occasions.  Also, they seem to hold up well.  We are very pleased with these wonderful little shoes!
B008BXRZ9W slipped off heel 9 too small, and 10 and 10 1/2 both slipped off my daughters heel.  Darling but had to send back because they didn't fit right.  Would not recommend.
B008BXRZ9W Love them! My 3 year old loves these shoes and they are adorable.  They fit great and are easy to get on and off.
B008BXRZ9W Love it! The product was as expected! My daughter loves her new shoes and the fit is perfect. Love them! Thank you
B008BXRZ9W Great fit for my 3 year old! Perfect shoe for playing outside. My 3 year old would prefer bare feet and doesn't keep shoes on unless I make her. She loves these for running around the playground or park. They are very easy for her to put on, and she says they are comfortable. She is petite - I am not sure how they would fit a child with chubby feet, as the elastic on top is not adjustable.  They are cuter than pictured and come in a small puma bag instead of a box which my daughter loves as well.
B008BXRZ9W Great shoes These are really cute shoes and they look exactly as pictured.  Fit as expected and easy to put on and take off!
B008BXRZ9W Desperately wanted to like them!! I was finally happy that I found the perfect shoes for my little girl! BUT...I was wrong. These definitely look great and have beautiful colors. My daughter even liked it for some time, but she started complaining that it hurts. My little one is 20 months and can show us signs if something is hurting her. She would not wear these for more than few minutes.The problem is the elastic part on the front. For some reason that is too tight on her feet :(. That is not adjustable either, I wish they would have made that adjustable for a better fit.
B008EXQBU8 Great looking shoes for trail hiking My fiance and i are headed to do some hiking this summer and once these came in, she loved them. They fit a bit snug but otherwise a great shoe.
B008EYO4TW didn't fit shoes were very nice, just a bit small.  Also felt like they would rub the top of my foot, so returned them
B008EYO4TW Comfy sporty flats Fits great with more support than other flats. I have flat feet so pumas are the only ballet flats I can wear with their  comfy support. Good for weekends or casual day at the office.
B008EYO4TW Love these puma shoes. I love these little sporty shoes.  They are very comfortable and yet good enough for walking and working.  My daughters think they are sharp as well.  They fit very well.
B008EYO4TW Cute but not too comfortable Not as comfortable as I thought they would be.  Good looking shoe, but was tight around the top of my foot.  Sadly, I will be returning them.
B008EYP1K8 Takes a little wear to stretch out, but a good shoe. I purchased these based on the thin sole an the color.  Of course, for this type of design one would have to expect it to fit a little snug upon first wearing them.  In the past I have purchased similar designs and they have always stretched to fit better.
B008EYP1K8 Puma versatility cannot be beat I bought these shoes for a trip to Asia where I need comfortable shoes with some support and tread.  I had purchased the Zandy style in the past, which I use for the gym and running errands and there is never a time that I don't receive a compliment.  Since the Zandy did not come in a light color other than a light-gray, I opted for the Bixley,  They do not fit quite as well as the Zandys, but I can fix it with a small insert and prefer not to go down a size, which is something I usually regret later on.
B008EYP1K8 Comfy Fit Ordered these for my daughter off of her wish list.  She is a big fan of Puma's shoes.  That fit her well, and are comfortable during her long work hours.
B008EYP1K8 fun & sporty I'm on my feet most of the day and wanted a fashionable, comfortable flat appropriate for an office setting. These are dressy enough for business casual but also pairs perfectly with jeans, capris, a skirt, dress... anything!I noted from other reviews that they run small so I ordered a half size up to an 8.5. They were way too big so I exchanged them for my usual size 8 and they fit perfectly.The only dislike I have is that they are not 100% comfortable out of the box. I think this has something to do with the stiffer textile materials, especially around the top of the shoe (near the toes); however, I can already tell the fit is improving with every wear. I am already looking into a second pair in a different fun color.
B008EYP1K8 Hurt bunions at first! The shoe is a 7 but fits tight on my toes. I used shoe stretchers on the front of the shoes. I had to use band aids on my bunions for a while but now they are stretched out & fit fine. The inside sole gets dirty since it's lime green. Shoe is a nice patent leather & the color is very nice neutral beige. Pretty comfortable, no arch support but better support than ballet slipper type shoes.  Looks super cute with cropped pants & long skirts.
B008F063BM Great fit When I first looked at this sneaker I thought it would be too small but in reality it fit like a glove. It is very comfortable and I would buy PUMA again.
B008F063BM Exactly what I wanted and expected. Great price, comfy shoe! I love Pumas. It's the only shoe I can confidently buy online without trying them on because the fit is consistent. If you haven't worn Pumas I would recommend trying on a style similar to what you want to order in a store somewhere first to make sure you like the fit. I have a more narrow foot and longer toes so I prefer a half size up. These particular shoes are fun, comfortable and a great price!
B008F068WQ Very happy with these I wear them all the time for my workouts.  They don't have enough support for a serious runner, but for my purposes -- walking, gym machines, fitness classes -- they are great.
B008F06A5Q Love it This shoe is more beautiful in real life than the pic. Just love it.  Fit is comfortable, colours are lively and beautiful.
B008F06A5Q Sharp They fit true to size, very very comfortable, offer support and made with the Puma quality you expect. Love them
B008F06A5Q Great shoes, love the color, support my feet I bought these for work shoes that would be a bit more fun to wear than my old gym shoes. they fit great and support my feet during long shifts, and i've received many compliments on their bold colors
B008F06A5Q Nice New Kicks I try not to buy shoes online just because each brand fits differently, but I took a chance and I was glad I did!These shoes fit perfectly, form to my feet well and are overall comfortable. The contrasting colors are very bright and fun and the shine of the black on the toe looks pretty cool~I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a spark in their step!
B008F06A5Q Very CUTE!!! I love these shoes!  They are cute and have the right amount of arch and heel support for me!  I would definitely recommend them!
B008F06A5Q Love these shoes! I am in love with these shoes. They fit as expected. I am currently pregnant and not running, but these shoes give me comfort and support. I work on my feet all day as a PE teacher. Not only do they feel good on my feet they are super cute and go with most of my outfits. I would recommend to anyone. Great brand!
B008F06A5Q Very cute! When they arrived I was shocked at how cute they really were! The cloth part on the top and sides of the shoes has a sparkily thread woven into it. Also the inside of the shoe seems to have an insert that supported the arch and ball of my feet. Great shoes.
B008F06A5Q I love it! These shoes are great. They fit perfectly and are very comfortable for running. I totally recomend them! Besides, the colors are amazing
B008F06A5Q Sporty & Sassy These are my favorite workout shoes so far...the colors are fun and the fit is perfect. The price was great too!
B008F06C7C hold up really nice. i chose this rating because the shoes look amazing and have lasted me a long time. My only con is that they are tight around the toes and hurt my ankles when i run. They have been great walking shoes tho.
B008F06C7C Great price! I bought these because it was such a good deal for PUMA sneakers. I don't wear them often and keep them as more of a dress shoe. They fit great and I love the gold accents
B008F06C7C Have to wear a thick shock and tie the shoes tight. Love these shoes. Perfect for Zumba! The ball of the foot is smooth. I receive several compliments I actually have this color and the hot pink/purple design also. They do seem to fit a little big. I just have to wear a thicker sock and tie them tighter. Most important I actually got these on sale!!!
B008F06C7C Had to return Bought this shoe for zumba.  They did not fit and the sole was not conducive to zumba sliding.  Very attractive though.
B008F06C7C satisfied customer Used a few times and love them.  They are light weight and comfortable .  The laces are thin and sometimes difficult to untie.  I almost didn't buy these because of the reviews on the fit but I didn't have a problem.
B008F06C7C Great Shoes and Great Price! I love Puma tennies for everyday, working out, jogging, walking... just about anything. These ones are very comfortable, fit perfectly and the colors are great! I'd definitely recommend these to anyone.
B008F06C7C Kit Heel came up way too far for comfort. Would have loved the fit otherwise. Sorry I had to return them. Good bargin.
B008F06C7C Great shoes!! I wear a size 6 I wasn't sure if it was going to fit the right way but over all it fit perfect.I'm so happy with the quality of the shoes.
B008F06KB0 Running shoe The show is very pretty it doesn't have much support but my granddaughter loves the colors in the shoeok
B008F06KB0 love the shoes just what I wanted, fit perfect and look stylish too!!, I love the way puma fits my feet and are very light
B008F06KB0 large for a puma These were longer and wider than expected. The colors are true to the image colors, and the craftmanship was as expected for the price.
B008F06KB0 Not very good. The shoes are kind of tight,it was not what I expected. The lace is very thin and not so good.
B008F06KB0 These are OK I'm a little disappointed with these Puma shoes, but I would probably still buy them.  The last pair I bought, in a slightly different style, fit like they were made for me.  These are quite a bit wider in the heel while the rest of the shoe is narrower.  So, as I walk or run, my heels move around a little in the shoe.Other than that, these are great - very well made, with the higher arch support that I love love love about Puma!
B008F0KUOS Support For Parkour My Parkour trainer has the Faas 300s...I needed more support for my heels and balls of feet. These shoes are perfect. Lite, flexible, added heel and balls of feet support, I'm Parkouring all over the place... Spent over 20 hours finding the right shoe...These fit the bill...
B008F0KUOS Good Brand I love it, and I'm using right now, it fit as expected, and look forward to order more from you, So, if I will do so, hopefully you'll givediscount yeah, thanks again for this order
B008F0LPDS Looks great, but terrible arch support. I've got fairly flat feet, but most casual athletic shoes never bother me.  These, however, I stopped wearing in favor of others because halfway through the day i'd get this pain/stretch in my arch that i've never had with any other shoe.So if you don't need arch support or don't wear them for extended periods of time, they look great and would probably be a great buy.  Didn't work out for me, however.
B008F0LPDS Good "fashion" sneaker, just don't expect it to be more. Its a good sneaker, but really lacks any support. As long as you take it for what it is you won't be disappointed. If you walk or run on the insides of your feet the lack of support becomes evident real quick. Overall the look and quality of the sneaker is great, just don't try and run with them.
B008F0O0S0 Light, comfortable, and got me compliments... Nice slipperlike sneaker.Semi light and very flexible.Some people may prefer more arch and support.  I like them for the gym and treadmill/walking.
B008F16ZI2 good quality material is good as it is from Puma. Looks awesome for causal wear. The only issue is the fit...if anyone buying this item then go for one size big..I guess this is European fit. If you wear Medium then go for Large....I would recommend this item...
B008F17R2K Slightly snug, but overall great! These shoes fit a little snug, but not too tight.I love the design, and they are pretty comfortable to wear.The only thing i can think of making this better is if there was a little extra padding in the tongue.
B008F17R2K nice shoes nice and wide and comfortable for walking. wide feet fit fine in this shoe good support, good comfort - love the colors. Wish womens walking shoes were as affordable and comfortable.
B008F17R2K These sneakers are awesome!! These sneakers are awesome!!  I used them while I was deployed in Afghanistan and they worked like a charm and are still running.  I work out with them regularly and they match my PT&#8217;s too so that&#8217;s a plus.  I bought them a size too large as Pumas tend to fit a bit small for me and these are only slightly larger than I would&#8217;ve liked so a 12.5 would&#8217;ve been a perfect fit but I bought a 13, and I wear a size 12 normally.  They are durable and withstand the harsh Afghan elements, the crappy rocks we have to walk on, and the dirt and mud throughout the seasons.  I highly recommend these, an overall great sneaker at a great price.
B008F17R2K great Excellent. Better than expected. Feet were comfortable and the style was just as advertised. Fantastic transaction. Rama lama ding dong
B008F17R2K Not what I would pay 100 for Ordered 10 1/2 too tight,run narrow.  Suggest ordering 1/2 size larger if you are a wide.  Good support, shinny plastic with fabric, not sure how it will hold up in elements.  Solid sole sturdy lace, optional high up eyelets if you like it tight. Good rise and contour to rear support, well padded, good comfort on top of sides. Too new to evaluate longevity of use. Soft, thin flexing over top of toes, not a work shoe, designed for running, or long rapid walking, best suited.  Front has small reinforcement band for some scuff resistance.  Wicking material adequate on sole interior.
B008F17R2K Nice fit, decent quality athletic shoe. Purchased these Puma athletic shoes for my husband when they were at a really great price. The color is true to the stock photo and it was just what my husband was looking for. The material is kind of rubbery and it would be easy to clean up. They are a size 14 and these run true to size for my husband, he says they fit great.
B008F17R2K Cool look I am an avid runner and have liked the fit and ride of the previous Puma shoes I have owned.  These are pretty flashy shoes.  Although they seem true to size, the fit is different from my previous Pumas.  I would consider the fit similar to Nike, with a noticeable heel to toe drop.  The back of the shoe comes up a little high which digs into my Achilles (causing blisters) if I don't have socks that cover that region.  Despite these minor issues, I am overall happy with the shoes.
B008F17R2K Make your feet really hot I got these shoes for my husband.  They did fit but they made his feet so hot that he will not wear them so they wew a waste of money.
B008F17R2K very happy with this purchase This was my first purchase of shoes online and I was somewhat hesitating as I am never sure about my size.But the shoes fit perfectly, very light and soft. They seem to be strong enough to survive many miles :)
B008F17R2K Puma pleasantly surprises I bought these shoes on impulse as Amazon was offering a special deal on the model. I fully expected to wear them for one run, then retire them to the comfortable-but-underwhelming errand & chore shoe pile. I was, however, pleasantly surprised on that first run, and I have continued to choose these shoes over my more expensive Mizuno Nirvanas and New Balance Minimus. These shoes manage the near-impossible task of being good-looking and performance-enhancing. They have A LOT of spring to them! They offer more support that I'm used to, but the surprising amount of bounce in the sole helps overcome the added weight of the motion control structures. They are a bit on the narrow side, so I recommend buying a half to full-size larger than your normal street size.
B008F17R2K Bright, yet extremely comfortable These shoes fit like a glove. The step in these is so soft that I can walk around for hours in them. I have lower back issues and feel amazing after a day of wearing these. A great buy!
B008F17R2K Firm support and comfortable, very comfortable running shoes I had no idea this brand of shoes could be so comfortable. They have excellent support and provide comfort for the balls of my feet when running.
B008F17R2K Great shoes super light, really comfortable, great cushioned support, awesome color, great fit too. these shoes will not disappoint, buy them now~!
B008F17R2K Exactly what I expected Fit was where it needed to be.Look great, light, comfortable and lots of support.Also, performed unexpectedly well in a few inches of snow, keeping my feet quite dry.
B008F17R2K nice looking like the shoe  but was tight width wise nice and light except for the tightness would not tell you had shoes on
B008F17R2K Great shoes These shoes fit great. They are a little stiff but are sorta plastic like texture which makes them water proof.
B008F17R2K Can't run in these Not meant for a big man to run in.  Comfortable kick around shoes.  Or use as cross trainers - webbing material takes away support.
B008F17R2K Cautiously optimistic Ordered shoe half size up. Usually an 11 but based on reviews ordered 11.5 and they fit great. They run a little wide which is great for me. The only issue I have is it is a stiff shoe. Hoping when I break in they soften up a little. Great cushioning, terrible insole with no support (which is typical of most shoes these days) so get a good insole with some arch support if you need it.
B008F17R2K Nice casual footwear This shoe is fashionable and lightweight, just what I was looking for. Purchased for my boyfriend who is not a runner. Gave four stars because he would have liked more of an arch support inside. Great price on Gold Box Deal.
B008F17R2K love it I absolutely love these shoes! The colors are so bright! The shoes are so comfortable! Would definitely recommend to others!
B008F17R2K Perfect fit, great support, ordered 3 more after these Though they seem to have a tight fit at the beginning, after a day of use they really fit perfectly and the outter/inner sole design offers GREAT stable support for walking jogging and running, don't know yet about the durability of the  materials which seem rather rubbery, but so far these shoes are great.
B008F17R2K looks awesome stylish perfect, the neon are soft but the confort its not as expected, really bad cushioning heel, and sometimes would be so tight
B008F17R2K A Perfect fit I absolutely love  these new puma running shoes. very comfortable. and A perfect fit. I went up from my normal size 9 to a 9.5 and its just right. These are  best running shoes I have every owned.
B008F17R2K love the fit these are a perfect fit for me, they hug the foot and have great support for my runs. cant think of any cons
B008F17R2K Bioweb Elite I really like the look.  It's a bit tight but I expected that - I usually have a broad fit.Generally very pleased.
B008F17R2K Nice Shoes Shoes are very good, light and the bright yellow color is perfect, the only cons is due to your foot it will be a little tight in the front, I'm 9 in regular shoes, so I order 9.5 and fit pretty good.
B008F17R2K Give them a chance: felt small at first; very firm shoe but very comfortable--fit better after breaking in. I wear an 8.5, rarely a 8 and rarely a 9...so when i put these on i wasn't smiling because they felt small. I have a thin heal and they felt good there (they felt baggy at my toes though). I wore them around the house with the intent of sending them back if things didn't change about them. The arches felt good tight (good!) on my feet.  When I went to bed, they felt OK. I checked my toe just before taking them off and strangely they were the typical place they should be.I decided to give them another try. So I wore them to work--I am the tech guy at our school and rarely sit down so this was the perfect test. These shoes DO LOOK SWEET! I got the Ohio State looking ones (awesome!) and I just got home and my feet do NOT feel tired one bit! I plan to be testing these on the road when Spring gets here for I am keeping these shoes!
B008F17R2K Nice They fit nice, they're comfortable, and look better than I expected. I bought them for the gym but might where them out sometime
B008F17R2K WOW Great flex and support. Running heel-toe is great. Running on toes is good. Overall arch support and tight, but comfortable fit. Also great value compared to the store prices. Highly recommended as long as you are sure you are ordering the correct size.
B008F17R2K Light-weight, great shoe These are very comfortable light-weight shoes. I am a diehard Nike fan with respect to shoes. These Pumas are better than I expected. I really enjoy the cushion and support when I am running in these. I liked them so much, I bought a second pair.Caution, there are slightly narrower than Nike's, but these Puma's fit me fine.
B008F17R2K As smooth as Clyde the Glide Very comfortable out of the box.  I haven't used these much yet, so can't comment on durability but I do like how they fit and the cushioning they provide.
B008F17R2K Great fit and quality Size fits as expected.  Quality of shoe is excellent. My son is happy that he has room in the toe area as some runners tend to fit narrow in the front.
B008F17R2K shoe fit great had a hard time finding my size but the great fit looks good on my feet off I go walking
B008F17R2K The shoe fit great but within probably 4-6 weeks the webbing and shortly ... The shoe fit great but within probably 4-6 weeks the webbing and shortly after, the netting on the sides of both shoes ripped out. They were very comfortable and nice looking but the lack of durability made us regret buying them.
B008F17R2K Son love the shoes He love them, he ran in them today. the package  was some what shabby but I fit of the shoe made up for it
B008F17R2K Track shoes Shoes fit tight rubber feels like old tire inner tube tied up with laces. Have not ran in them yer
B008F17R2K Nice Love these things as my running shoes. A little tight at first, but they stretched out from my feet in time. Definitely would recommend, especially with gel inserts!
B008F17R2K Puma Bioweb I really like the fit. The design is cool.. They fit great as well and comfortable! Nice!! And for the price, done!
B008F17R2K Well rounded Running shoe Bought these a few months ago.  First time I ever bought a sneaker without trying it on for fit.  Some reviews said runs a little small so I went from a 9 1/2 to ten.  Fit perfectly.  Very good sneaker.  Feels light, great for shorter runs and work-outs at the gym.  They look really cool too.  Got a few &#34; Hey where did you get those sneakers&#34;.  I can't comment on longevity yet.  So far for my workouts they are perfect.
B008F17R2K Puma Men's Elite Feels a bit stiff. I'm a 4 mile running slug with heavy heel strike.The shoes seem stiff and not sure I need to give them time to soften up, or this is what I get. Hopefully they will.But they are stable with good back and hip support, which may account for rigidity.
B008F17R2K Great Style But Not Perfect Fit I bought these because I loved the colors, and also wanted a comfortable all around sneaker to wear. While these were my correct size, I noticed that they were tight on the top of my feet, yet shifted around in the heel. This sounds confusing, because it doesn't seem like things should be tight and loose at the same time, but our feet are funny and unique. I'm going to try and break them in some more, and see what happens.
B008F17R2K Just as expected I LOVE the Puma brand. Whether it be Puma flip flops or Puma sneakers I have not been unsatisfied with their products. The same goes for these sneakers. I've never bought shoes off of the internet before, but when I saw that these were 45% off my credit card magically appeared in my hand! They are very comfortable, fit the size I thought my feet were (10.5) and they look amazing.
B008F17R2K Great shoes Great shoes they fit so well and light and comfortable . Couldn't be happier great product, would be happy to buy more .
B008F17R2K Puma Athletic Shoe Great Shoes!  Fit perfect and like walking on clouds!  This is the first time I have bought this brand but it won't be the last.  If you thinking about buying these shoes - stop thinking and get them - You will not regret it.
B008F17R2K Sizes run small I love the shoes.  Great arch support and very stylish.  Although they are a snug fit I still love them.
B008F17R2K Great pair of running shoes. The shoes fit perfectly to what shoes in the store fit. They are great for running and great support. One shoe rubs a bit in the back but I'm sure that will go away once I wear them in and is obviously not a common problem since the other shoe has no issues. I would definitely recommend these shoes to anybody that runs regularly.
B008F17R2K Great shoes as I have come to expect from Puma Love the new style and design.  Light shoe that is great for the gym or casual wear.  Typical Puma fit but great once the foot acclimates.
B008F17R2K Not what I expected from PUMA. The product needs to be a little wider and needs more arch support.Just not what I expected size or fit
B008F17R2K Very satisfied I ordered a 10.5 and they fit perfectly. Very lightweight shoe, with tons of support. They look and feel great!
B008F17R2K fit as expected this shoes fit all my need. great looking and good prize. come with nice packing, a beautiful red color bag. wonderful!
B008F17R2K Expected more I expected more after reading other reviews. I usually wear an 8.5 and these fit okay.  I have had 4 pair of PUMAs  and have been extremely comfortable with two of them from the FAAS family.  These are okay. I have tried them while running and while running errands and will probably stick to the other options in the future.
B008F17R2K Great value I bought these shoes because they looked like a stable running  shoe.  My foot doctor was very cautious about Puma shoes.  He said they have a history's of no support.  I brought them back to his office and he was very surprised.  He said great purchase.These shoes fit Ike a glove.
B008F18A3K great customer service very stiff shoe, didn't fit right.  Returned for credit no problem, great customer service.
B008F2AMQ2 Sporty and Comfortable I am a 70 year old woman who has lost almost 30 pounds through a weight loss program.  I can now wear cute athletic clothes.  This top is great over any tank top, including the one that comes with it.  Since my arms are not &#34;toned&#34;, it covers up the problem.  However, I probably should have ordered a small, instead of a medium, as the top part is definitely a drapy fit. It's a great look, anyway you crack it!
B008F2B7JS love them i'm a guy and I love these, they have an awesome fit, and are like what guys would wear in 1980's as they look cool and very unique, except the grey ones look almost beige-ish
B008F2BWV6 love it i like because is fit nice. I love it. I will order more and i recommend for any one who like to be comfit.
B008F2DOOE just ok The sweat pants are beautiful unfortunately they didn't fit as expected, they look big,not a true size, they look more on me like pajamas pants.
B008F2DOOE Comfy fit! This Capri answers all of my needs for an easy going day or workout at the gym. Fabric is great and it's really a comfort fit..
B008F3QOAE Great buy This fit just as expected, Its very lightweight. I got it in white... so I have to wear either a sports bra or a white tank underneath. Very comfortable and breath-able..loved it!
B008H27ODO look terrific. Love that price Fit perfectly, look terrific. Love that price!
B008J0W4P2 Love it I love this jacket so much! It's perfect  and fit just how I expected it to. And I got it right on time
B008J3EGF0 Good cutting Good cutting good quality. Fit more than expected! My daughter loves it very much! I strongly recommend this to you!
B008L717ME Sneakers Great.  Great price too.  They arrived on time and fit well.  They offer more support than some of the other Puma's I own.
B008M7S5NC Great Shoes The shoe fit perfect and has held up wonderfully so far. I still cant believe how cheap the purchase was.
B008QX8VWM Perfect Fit - very comfortable for walking 18 Perfect Fit - very comfortable for walking 18. Great style and vibrant colors if you aren't too shy. These will certainly turn a few heads; I hope your game can handle all of the attention.
B008QY0KMK slightly larger than expected Between my dress shoes and running/athletic shoes I can wear anything from an 11.5 to a 13.  I tried on several Puma golf shoes (not the Zero Limits) for &#34;puma&#34; sizing and found the 12s to be too small and the 13s just right.  I was unable to try on the Zero Limits before purchase as my local shops only carried the lower priced puma golf shoes.  In my opinion, the fit of the Zero Limits shoe seems a tad larger than the lower Puma models.  But - with the right socks (padded) these shoes fit great and are truly comfortable.  Played a round in them last week and loved them.
B008QY0KMK great fit  great looking G reat looking  l get lots of compliments. I bought these pumas for comfort. Iwalk a good bit when golfing.The only thing I wish is that  the upper part of shoe heel was higher. Not enough supportSort of like my adadis shoes which have good support.  I love the puma lace system.John n.
B008QY0KMK Too big I have three other  pairs of Puma shoes that fit perfectly at a 10 1/2; these golf shoes ran larger than my normal Puma shoes
B008QY0KMK Great shoes The shoes fit very well and are extremely comfortable. I would put them on the same level as the Adidas Adizeros. Considering how cheap these shoes were, they were a steal. I'm very satisfied.
B008QY0MWS Great shoes! Fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable! I have already recommended these shoes to all of my golfing buddies. Great deal too!
B008QY0MWS Great buy! Fit as expected.  Very comfortable!
B008QY0MWS Great Deal Nice Shoes My Puma Spikeless golf shoes fit great, are very comfortable and were a great price - $39.  I have played with them twice now; but both times with cart.  They feel great.  I plan to use them as walking shoes.
B008QY0MWS Comfortable and as described Wore them the first time for most of the day and fit comfortably. Don't second guess yourself when buying these as they are great!I recommend with confidence
B008QY0MWS Awesome They look great, feel great, and got them quick. I'm glad they fit as I would have expected.  I know shoes don't always do when you go on line.  I'm happy.
B008QY0MWS Good fit.  Looks well made. Hope they're as sturdy as the old ones I had a long time ago.  Fit for me is consistent with the brand, which I have a few models of.  They look well made.  The good part about this brand and Adidas, which I have most of, is that they fit so well as they get worn while keeping their shape.  I hope these do the same.
B008QY0MWS Puma Perfect! I love these shoes! They work for everyday and the office too! The fit was spot on and the look great! I highly recommend them.
B008QY0MWS AS expected Love these shoes. Not only do they turn heads but they fit and feel great. Can't wait until football season to wear these with my Bronco gear!!
B008QY0MWS GREAT STYLE ON GOLF COURSE GREAT STYLE ON GOLF COURSE. these fit well and i am actually considering grinding off the tread to wear them around as they fit well and look good.
B008QY0MWS Great Value Great value for the price. Very comfortable. Other reviewers complained of shoes being smaller than expected, but I ordered a size 13 and they fit as I expected.
B008QY0MWS Golf Shoes Fit great!  My child loves them!!!!  I would recommend these shoes to any golfer.  They meet/exceed his expectations.Great shoes.
B008QY0TJO Seem like great shoes! I bought these just before my first child was born so I have tried them on and they seem to fit as expected. They also seem stiff so may take some time to break in.
B008QY0TJO comfortable These shoes are comfortable and fit as expected. Might be a tad bit wider than nike golf shoes, but that is preferable for me.
B008QY0TJO Great Shoes! Very good looking and comfortable too! Theses shoes fit as listed. After two rounds of golf in one day, my feet feel great.
B008QY1N9O PUMA Men's Spark Sport 2 Golf Shoe,White/Black/Puma Silver These shoes are great!! They are very comfortable and support my foot well. After a long day on the course my feet do not hurt.
B008QY1N9O Would reccomend. Somewhat to be expected but come pretty stiff as with most waterproofs. Great design and no slipping as with Adidas.
B008QY1N9O Great Shoes! Bought these as a Christmas present for my stepdad, and he loved them. They fit great and were very comfortable.
B008QY1N9O Good shoes I tried the shoes out and they fit good.Just wish they were one size wider. Will have to wait for the seson to determine how good they are on the course.
B008QY1X0S Puma AMP Golf shoe Great fit. Very comfortable and light weight. Stylish design and the color of my favorite team - SF Giants! Recommend to all.
B008QY1X0S Love these shoes! These look great, fit well, and are a great value for the price.  I have multiple pairs of the PUMA golf shoes and am pleased with all of them.
B008QY1X0S Great fit very comfortable! Great fit and very comfortable, These golf shoes appear to be very well made, would like to find the same in a sneaker ... highly recommended.
B008QY1X0S Classy with good support Serious golfers should look at these shoes,they have good support that makes pushing off to start your turn comfortable with good grip and the spikes self clean well in all types of conditions
B008QY1X0S Great job Shoes are the expected quality and perfect fit. Arrived earlier than forecasted and already put them use. Extremely comfortable, a must have for dedicated golfers.
B008QY1X0S Comfortable, nice fit When I first got these, they seemed a tad tight in the toes.  After playing a round, they loosed up nicely and fit at the exact size.
B008QY1X0S My husband favorite golf shoes!!! My husband loves his new golf shoes. The look is outstanding...He said they fit perfectly and they are very comfortable shoes!!!
B008QY1X0S First experience in Puma shoes The shoes are stylish. I wore them to walk 18 holes right out of the box. While they were a  little tight  on my toes overall they were comfortable
B008QY1X0S Love these... These shoes are great. I have a wide foot and these fit perfect. Heaps of grip and very comfortable too.Love having dry feet.
B008QY1X0S Great Golf Shoes I am a PUMA nut, so this is a little biased. I have multiple pairs in all the crazy colors. They are comfortable and provide the support I need. They also are flashy enough to detract from my golf game...which sucks!
B008QY1X0S Not The Best Contrary to what others say, these shoes are not true to size in my opinion. I wear a 12M and the toe box on these is too small. They crowd your toes.And what's worse, they squeak loudly when you walk. I suspect that is because the are made of an artificial material instead of leather.  It was very irritating and even if they had fit, I still would have sent them back for this reason.I had tried Nike, Adidas, and Asics and none were a good fit. I went back to my original brand FootJoy. I ordered a 12M and they fit perfectly.
B008QY1X0S Great Fit; Great Price!! Shoes arrived prior to my arrival visit which was ideal. When I tried them on, they fit and were very comfortable from the first day. Have had several compliments on the style.  Extremely pleased with purchase
B008QY1X0S Great Great shoes, look good and are very comfortable, fit as expected. Will be buying more colors, currently have these and the orange ones.
B008QY1X0S Great fit and comfort. I purchased these shoes to replace some old Foot Joy's and what a difference.  The Puma's are extremely light weight and very comfortable.  No discomfort after walking 18 holes.  It's like wearing a good pair of tennis shoes.
B008QY1X0S nice shoes for a great price Really comfortable and fit is nice.  They don't sit up to high and look really nice.  Best golfing shoes I've owned
B008QY3N5Q Book Great price for a great shoe. Fit well and was comfortable throughout the round.  A boon at this price, cheers mate.
B008R9Y0V6 The Best Sneaks I own These are one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes that I own. They fit like a glove from the first wear. Even though you have a wedge you feel like you are walking in flats. They aren't heavy and they are very cushioned and supportive. I've worn these to to the mall, stood in them for at least two hours, walked a few miles and experienced no feet/ankle fatigue. I've worn them with the ankle straps closed and open and they the ankle support is great either way. Since I got these I've ordered the gray pair and I'm looking to get the blue and white ones. Some of the reviews said that they run large but they were perfect for me. I usually wear an 8.5 in sneakers and the 8.5 fits perfect with a little toe room. There is no toe discomfort that you may feel with some heels or wedges you get from your feet sliding to the front of your shoe. My feet don't slide in these shoes, they just sit perfectly in the footbed. I think this is what makes them so great. They fit perfect, feel great and they are super stylish. I had been watching them for about a year before I got them and I'm so glad that I did!
B008R9Y0V6 Love, love, love! These sneakers are super awesome! They fit true to size and are very comfortable. I love them and I will definitely re-order!
B008RAGKBS Very nice This was my first training shoes and it fit very nice and it is so soft for running, very recommended.
B008RAGKBS Safety, too These shoes fit great and are excellent for long distance walking.  The bright color makes me more visible to drivers, and therefore safer, especially in the city or other contested areas.
B008RLXJCK Perfect fit!! I bought these shoes as a first year golfer and I find them to be very comfortable. I would highly recommend them to anyone!
B008RLXJCK Totally stylish and comfortable These shoes are WINNERS.  They fit my wide feet perfectly, give a little, and have adequate support (I ran up and down slippery hills on the course and was fine).  If you want that clunky/heavy golf shoe feel, then don't get this shoe--it's light as air and the lace-up isn't the sturdiest.  I get compliments on them left and right, and they are easy to wipe down after a round.  For the price, you can't beat it.  They look a lot cuter on than in pics.
B008RLXJCK LOVE THESE GOLF SHOES I love these shoes.  They fit great and are really lightweight.  They are very comfortable.  I may order them in Black also.  AND they were a great price.
B008RLY7NK Fun & Comfortable Golf Shoes These shoes are awesome: fun, comfortable fit, and great traction while golfing. Instead of switching to golf shoes at the course I can put these on at home!
B008RLY7NK Love the shoes! Love the shoes, comfortable and fit as expected.  I love the soles for golfing.  Now I don't have to change back and forth from street shoes to golf shoes.  And the soles stay so much cleaner than the spike shoes.  I would recommend these golf shoes.
B008RLY7NK Good Shoes The fit was very comfortable. The colors were a nice and fun. Overall it was a good choice for a golf shoe.
B008RLY7NK Just for Golf Puma always have great products.  These are just what I expected and look great.  They are very, very comfortable shoes
B008VOEY2M Obsessed I love these boots (with the fur).  I have narrow feet and high arches, so I bought inserts to provide a bit of arch support.
B008VQ1BH6 Five Stars they are so easy to put on and comfortable because the ankle support with magic tapes
B008VQOGQ4 Excelent Fit! I bought this for my wife, they fit excellent, the build quality seems very nice, and the mini cooper logo is a nice detail that i didn't noticed at first.
B008VQOGQ4 love these shoes these shoes arrived as expected on time and were packaged well.I love the color, the fit and feel.  they were comfortable immediately, requiring no break-in time.this was a special price which added to my excitement and satisfaction level.I would order again from thi merchant and was pleased with all aspects of the transaction
B008VQOGQ4 &uuml;bercool love the shoes, the colour is beautiful and they fit sublime.got a lot of nice compliments about them,that's what you buy them for, right?
B008VT3A54 I expected better. Its ok.But not more...I expected better one.Quality in my opinion is not the same what I expected.Sorry but I cant recommend this to buyers...
B008VT3L4O Great Fit and Broke in Well I've never liked Puma's fit for casual shoes, probably due to having somewhat flat feet, but I took a chance on these and was pleasantly surprised.  They took a playing in them several times to break in, but I like the way they fit my feet now that they have.  I'm not a very experienced player, so I can't gauge more in depth aspects of how they are in play.  I have been playing on a harsh surface (some small rock riddled loose dirt), but I still thought that the cleats would be holding up better to the wear and tear.
B008VUJBLA Puma They do not fit well or comfortable. They don't carry all sizes either. Sock thickness will definitely matter with these shoes.
B008VUJBLA Red sneaker I often buy boys sneakers for myself since they are often cheaper than buying womens adult sneakers, and decided to give these a try.I bought these sneakers in red - the color is bright and the shoes overall seem to be a good quality. They are slightly snug, but not enough for me to want to go up another 1/2 size - I'm hoping that since they are a suede that they will stretch a bit with time. If I was buying them for a kid I probably would go up a 1/2 size. These are narrow and I would not recommend for someone with wide feet. For the most part they are comfortable, but don't expect a lot of arch support in a boys sneaker. The sole is a nice pattern - no slipping.
B008VUJBLA Pumas are great! Great fit, arrived earlier then expected. Brand new in box with puma bag. Suede pumas are great sneaker and these colors are vibrant and cool.
B008VUJBLA Great shoes and perfect fit! Great for breakdancing! My nephew was afraid to wear them outside because he wanted keep them looking new and didn't want to get them dirty.
B008VUJBLA dont fit.. sizing is off too tight. Too small for my lil guys feet.His other size 5 sneakers fit. Back to Nike... They just fit. These too tight.
B008VV0TJ2 I love puma My 2 yr old has already had 12 pairs of Pumas. His feet grow fast. I love the styles for little boys and the way they fit!
B008VV1KZE great fit The came on time, fits her foot great and she loves the colors. She even love the little bag they came in.
B008WYGTCY like the shoes Like the shoe but I am 7 and I bought it 7 1/2 thinking that would it fit perfectly... but I felt discomfort on the back of my feet for a few days and then I guess they stretch from the use...
B008XAUJB4 CUTE SHOES My daughter loves these shoes and has gotten a lot of use out of them.  They fit true to size and the Velcro is especially nice.  She is able to put them on quickly on her own. Very cute shoes!
B008XAUJB4 Great quality shoes My daughter needed new sneakers for schools and these velcro ones fit the bill perfectly.  They lighter than I expected and the glittery pink is really cute.
B0091Q2UEI Perfect Excellent fit very good style sport and casual I like the colors my kid love I recommend to everybody ok
B0095GPMP8 exactlly as described It is perfect for running. It is lightweight, well ventilated. Also it fits just right, not to big, and not to tight.
B0098IBSTM nice shoes I chose four stars because I stand a lot in them and they don't provide a lot of support for that, but running is ok. they look good though! you can't have a fat foot with the opening your foot goes into because there is no give to slide it in because there is no tongue, it is all one piece for a better fit.
B0098IBSTM Winning Cat! i have worn these to work thrice & been complimented every time! they attract a lot of attention&#8230;so if thats not something you're comfortable with you shouldn't be wearing this one.they are really light & very comfortable for all day wear. (i spend quite a bit of time on my feet on certain gigs)they fit just right, provide good cushioning/support & come with an extra pair of blue laces&#8230;these cats are really cool!
B0098IBSTM Looks great, not comfortable Design of bottom makes shoe uncomfortable.  Back of heel on bottom isn't flat; has odd upward slope.  Feels strange and unbalanced walking; shoe is also noisy.  Had a pair of Puma Men's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoes, size 11, that fit perfectly and were very comfortable.  The Toori is size 11 and is too big.  I'd love these shoes and would give them 5 stars if the bottom were redesigned to be like the Voltaic and if they fit right.
B0098IBSU6 I love it My first time buying online with Amazon and not the last the Puma boot was just as I expected the fit was good super lite and great comfort.
B0098IBSU6 Good shoes Good shoes for the price. Fit a bit smaller than normal. Over all, I would recommend them to friends and family
B0098ICASK Great Product - little heel support I love these shoes. I have been wearing them everyday for about a week now during my workout. The shoe was not as stiff as I would have imagined it as pictured. They are lightweight and have extra support around the sides of the foot where the laces are. The only issue that I had with them is that there is a little support in the heel of the shoe and I ended up getting inserts for them. Because pumas run narrow anyway, the inserts made it so my foot was pretty tight until I wore them for the first day, but they are fine now.
B009CNUQAA Great fit firm around the waist and a little but not a lot of bagginess toward the bottom..that's what best about these is that they are not too baggy.
B009FD2LM8 Great Fit an Style.. These shoes R AWSOME.. When I got these VIA FedeX. Couldn't wait to get the package open to try them on an see if they looked as KOOL as they did on AmaZons web sight. And was pleased that they fit and looked Awsome. They R true to size with almost a sock like fit. If your looking for a nice an stylish pair of Tennis Shoes these would fit the bill.. Very Happy I chose to get for myself.Thanks AmaZon !!!
B009FD2LM8 tight on the ankles Around the ankles were tight and over all it feels a little small but the rest of my feet were ok
B009FD2LM8 PUMA Running Shoes These are great shoes from a popular brand.  The fit very nice but the most important trait is the look.  They are stylish and very trendy looking.  The craftsmanship is noted as you will notice attention to detail.  A great bargain for the price.
B009FD2LM8 good shoes The shoes do not have that great of arch support. They also had a pretty long break in period. Other than that they are nice shopped.
B009FD2LM8 jamay Because they're all of them are really nice fit and beautify nice fit and nice colors nice stuff for you
B009FD2LM8 shoes I like to thank u for the shoes the fit perfect it  is hard to fine my size in shoe so I was glade to fine
B009FD2LM8 Great fitting shoe, fits a little tight by design which is great for running. I have always liked Puma shoes and these are the best fitting so far. They are great for running due to how tight they fit.
B009FD2LM8 Nice shoes, but very tight fit Shoes look great in person and I like material they are made of. Break-in takes a while and the sizes are just a little on the small side. I normally wear a MEN'S size 9.5, but after trying these on in a store, I decided to get 10's and they are still rather tight on my feet. Once they fully break-in though, I think they'll be just right. Very comfortable arch support by the way!
B009FD2LM8 These Puma's have the perfect fit! I am a bigger guy with size 12 extra wide feet and I will only buy Puma's.  They fit perfectly and provide for the best support and comfort.  No other sneaker has ever fit more perfectly.  When I saw these sneakers online I liked them because of the mesh top and sides.  But they don't have mesh tops and sides, they are leather.  I was not disappointed though.  They still fit and look awesome.
B009FD2M4U too big Its a little larger than my feet. Doesn't fit right.Did not wear it. During trial it was too big.
B009FDR416 LOVE these shoes. I wear the shoes just about everyday because the are lightweight and comfortable. I'm sure they would for for running too. HAHAThey may fit a tad smaller, however it worked out to be a great fit for me.
B009FDR416 They fit great, everything that would be expected from puma!!! They fit great, everything that would be expected from puma!!! They are very comfy and fit great they really hug your feet.
B009FDR416 Awesome! Shoes are great, but I did have to return them for a new pair since the insole was not fit in correctly the first time they were shipped out.  The shoes are a great fit and I was so excited when I saw they finally came out with them again!
B009FDR416 Just what I expected Just as expected, are excellent shoes buy two pairs one for me and one for my wife both are very good
B009FDRKJ2 Very comfortable sneaker Just received them today which is a delivery before the due date !!!  Lets see how much punishment these sneakers can take. They fit extremely well, are light and have a sturdy looking construction.
B009FEBLPK Not a good fit! no padding and acr support. Not a good every day shoe. yuor feet will hurt at the end of day. I do plan on returning them.Thank youSincerely, Randy H.
B009FLJA06 like the fit and style very stylish and comfortable. I would recommend this to anyone. They were somewhat pricey and I hesitated because of the price but glad I bought them.  I hope they wear well.
B009FLJKWY Slim fit I really like these pumas. Puma has several models but this one is really slim and fit. I wouldn't recommend it to someone with a big flat foot or someone with a high instep, because these are flat and slim. I usually wear a 8.5US or 9US, so ordered 9 on these. It fits really well, really snug but with enough room in the tip. So I'll recommend ordering half size bigger than you will usually order, but not more than that, since the tip of the shoe will be very far from the tip of your toes. This shoes are really well made, with clean and non-wrinkled leather. The green accents are really nice. The sole is also really flat, no cushioning altogether, but this doesn't mean they're uncomfortable, just not meant for long running. On the other hand this kind of sole is extremely durable (I have another pair since 7 years ago, and I can't just throw them away because they are still good). Overall I definitely recommend this shoe, just have in mind that these are slim fit on the sides and the instep area, but not small, just slim, like a good fitting shirt.
B009FM3XO4 Fit as Expected As typical with Puma shoes, the sizing is somewhat smaller than I'm use to as compared to most U.S. shoes. Knowing this I ordered a size larger than I normally use and the result is that these fit perfectly...
B009FM4BCW It fits! These shoes are so freaking comfy. I am slightly flat footed and these shoes provide the prefect support. I notice no pains in my arch. The laces are woven perfectly, just one knot and it holds all day. #PUMAlyfe
B009FM4BCW Good shoe Great quality,  good arch support,  fabric is strong,  doesn't feel or fit sloppy. I would recommend to anyone. Thanks good day
B009FM4BCW WAY COOL SHOES! Comfortable shoes to wear and the colours? . . . Way cool!  I would recommend them to any one considering them.
B009FM4BCW Really like this shoe The shoes are great. Fit well. My only complaint is no arch support. I would highly recommend a insole if you want to walk in these
B009FM4BCW good shoe fits well.  the sole is flat, without arch support.  old timeless classic. very long shoelaces.  worth the price I paid.
B009FM4GK4 Great lightweight shoes I ordered a size 13 ,which fit me fine in the Puma Suede style,but in this style these where too big.I replaced them for a size 12 and it is a petfect fit.They are nice lightweight shoes and the black/white version is a great everywhere shoe.Also come with two sets of laces one black other white for a different look.Better than other cheaper canvas shoes ,can't compare to higher end shoes cause $50 or so is the most I pay for shoes.
B009FM4GK4 Need more support.. I brought these as i'm unable to buy decent casual shoes in a half size Australia so brought them off Amazon & found these shoes to be great fitting but lack padding/support. They are great summer shoe but i wouldn't want to go for a long walk in them as your feet would pay for it.
B009FM5NTM excellent i love this shoe it fit right and it is very comfortable on my feet.i love to buy on amaon
B009FM64EK Great fit and style. Dirties extremely quick. I love how they fit and look, but I will say that the white soles get dirtier more quickly than any other (white soled) shoe I've had before. I seem to always want to clean these. A normal shoe cleaner (I use a citrus based product I bought at Foot Locker awhile back) cleans them just fine, but be prepared to use it after/before every wearing if you care about your kicks!
B009FM64EK Great look These shoes look sharp but leave a little bit to be desired as far as comfort. They fit a half size smaller than previous Puma's that I've owned before. They also have zero arch support so they are built for show, not comfort.
B009FM6GKM Satisfied Customer...PUMA great fit...comfortable...wear them all the time...thanks a million :-)
B009FM6GKM as expected Great fit... great colour... would recomend to anyone the size and the width was just right as well ... ghe army colour really does light up the entire shoe
B009FM6GKM Great shoes I love the shoes. They fit a little big but I just wear thick socks and they do the job.
B009FMRIS6 cool My son needed shoes that would brace a broken / healing ankle. These were perfect shoes for the support he needs.
B009FMRIS6 satisfied Im am satisfied with these shoes perfect fit and comfortable its what i expected to be couldn't ask for more
B009FMRLQU Great! These are nice shoes. They do look exactly as the product picture. They are VERY lightweight, so much you would thing they won't last long, but they seem very well made. I got these for $30, right now I see them for more than $45, not sure if they are worth that much but they are a good pair of shoes. I have bought like 5 pairs of puma's from amazon, always size 12 and they're all perfect fit, however these ones fit somewhat small, they feel tight but not painful tight. I'd recommend getting them half size bigger. Overall it's another fine product from puma, never lets me down.
B009FMRLQU Lamberfeeties They fit pretty good. Ive never really been a fan of Puma's because they never seemed to have enough support, they are super comfy but still lack the support needed.
B009FMRLQU Perfect Fit! The sneaker was lighter than what I expected.  It fit exactly to what my size was.  The color was exactly on what was advertised in the site.
B009FMSK1A its ok I love the look of these shoes and how lite weight they are but i have to say that they run on the smaller side. i wear a 11.5-12 normally a 12 due to having fat feet but these fit more like an 11 in terms of width
B009FMSK1A Awesome! These shoes are way more than I expected! They are ultra lite in weight but extremely comfortable on my foot!! I do a lot of walking around at college so I needed something comfortable, but didn't know these shoes would be it. I bought these for the look and was pleasantly surprised! If your thinking about it I'd say get them!
B009FN614C Great shoes! These just came in a couple of days ago and I'm so happy with them. They fit perfectly, true to size. They look amazing and feel so comfortable. I went on a 3 mile walk in them and these shoes were so comfortable.
B009FN614C Love These! Fit great and comfy!  Look great.
B009FN614C Love them I never order shoes online but these were the perfect fit.  They are very comfortable and fit true to size.
B009FN614C Love my babies I choose this rating because they look so much better then I expected. I so couldn't wait to put them on.
B009FN614C hot These shoes are sexy they fit true to size. I love them I've gotten so many compliments on them I will be ordering this style In other colors
B009FN614C Great buy! Love these shoes .. Extremely comfortable and size fits as expected. Definitely recommend. Cushioning on inside roof makes a huge difference compared to other wedge sneakers.
B009FN614C puma shoe i love them great fit they arrived on time and they are comfy to were any where from dressy to sporty they are a must
B009FN614C Love love love these kicks! The fit is great in so is the sneakers would recommend to others I wear a 7 1/2 so these sneakers r true to size very comfortable
B009FN614C Love them. Good fit, comfortable and cute. Always get complimented on them and asked where they were purchased. Searched other sites for same shoe and this was the best price.
B009FN614C Love these! Love these sneakers! Great price nice fit! Like wearing heels but much more of a comfort fit! A good purchase!
B009FN614C So comfy and cute! These shoes fit really well and were true to size. I have wide feet so I was worried they might not fit, but there was plenty of room. The heel adds a bit of fun although it is short enough that walking in them is easy.
B009FN614C Better than expected I'm a girlie and usually wear pumps all the time.  I don't wear gym shoes often, but I seen these in anoter color at the DSW store but because I don't wear tennis shoes other than to work out normally I felt it would be too much money.  So while browsing on line I seen these they are awesome.  I have not worn them out yet because it has been so warm, but watch out when I do. Great job PUMA
B009FN614C Really Cute! These are strictly for style! I can't say if these are true to size because my feet are kind of wide (since having children), so they fit snug, but not uncomfortable. I don't have to hurry and take them off. These are strictly for style!  They have the true appearance of hightops with an edge.
B009FN614C A good fit I wear a size 9.5.  This was a comfortable fit.  Easy to walk in and looks good. Most of  all easy to put on.
B009FN614C Hot, comfortable and stylish Same great fit as my other Puma sneakers
B009FN614C My Sneaker Wedges I love them. They fit great and it's very comfortable. They can be dressed up or down and looks great with my jeans.
B009FN614C Black/Fluorescent Yellow wedge PUMA'S.... These are my second pair of PUMA'S and I just love how they fit.  They are comfortable and gives great ankle support.
B009FN614C Just right I luv them!! Fit as expected. I plan to order more in different colors. The price for these were great  also.
B009FN614C Love it Great price. Fast shipping. Great fit. Love how comfortable the sneaker fits. Will recommend these to all of mt friends
B009FN697G Not what I expected The item had cuffs and marks on one sneaker never wore it looks great but can wear it knowing the defects on one
B009FN6IEK Great slip on sneaker Airy and light perfect for summer. Great fit very true to size and comfortable. Puma sneakers are the best slip ons
B009FN6NRW PUMA Soleil Fashion Sneaker They fit great and are very comfortable.  Only problem I have is if wear low socks back will rub a nice blister but as long as have a sock that goes above the back of the shoe they are very comfortable.  Shoe strings are a lower quality than would have expected for Puma but look and feel great.
B009FN6NRW Love Puma! I love puma! The shoes fit perfectly and this size is rarely ever in stores so I was happy to find these. They are not meant for long runs but very sturdy and easy to clean
B009FN6NRW LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I have had other shoes of this style that were very uncomfortable, with very little support and very rigid. These are not!! They have arch support and are flexible.
B009FNMVBY They were very nice. It was as I expected and also more confortable. They fit me very well and I'd like them very much. Thank you!
B009FNMVBY Comfortable Shoes Nice shoes that wear more like slippers. I usually wear between 7 and 7 1/2 but these shoes in a 7 1/2 barely fit. I will keep them but wonder if I would have been better off with the 8's.
B009FNMVBY Unfortunately too tight Nicely constructed, good style, but the toes were way too tight. I had ordered my regular size in pumas and these just didn't fit the same, so I sent them back.
B009FNNAT6 Really nice but a bit snug at the back of the heel They feel alittle tight in the back of the heel. My first pair had a suede piece there but these are leather and may be the cause of the feeling of tightness. I hope to break them in!!!!
B009G1BKGW For the price its a good deal I had a gift card to spend and looked at the shoe dept where I found these Puma mesh Hightops, They are in no way meant for sports or ankle support as the high top portion is made of mesh. But these are meant to be Fashion shoes and I love the look of them. I will wear them in the summer with white shorts for sure. They fit well I ordered an 8.5 even though I wear an 8 and they have about a thumbs width from the tip of my toe to the actual end of the shoe which is fine because I dont believe with a high top laced and tied there will be slippage. All in all these shoes will be a great casual addition to my spring / summer wardrobe.
B009G1T35M PUMA shoes I have many pairs of athletic shoes as I am a fitness & wellness trainer.  These are great, fun and fit comfortably.  My clients love the bright color.
B009G1T35M great shoe These shoes are great. Super light weight, extremely comfortable, and super flexible. They fit well, though typically I take a size 7.5 and for these I had to get an 8.
B009G1T5YG An okay purchase I love the look of the shoes but they aren't very comfortable.  They are not cushioned and the ankle area sits much higher than most tennis shoes I own.  That causes the shoes to rub against the ankle bones and back of the angle until the shoes break in.  They could use more support for my soles.
B009G1T5YG Great for this beginner runner I have just started running and after using terrible old sneakers for a few month I finally purchased these.  What a difference.  Before it was like running with clod hoppers on.  These are super lightweight and comfortable  They fit high on my heel for support and initially it rubbed my ankle a little raw, but now I'm settled in them and its all fine.  Plus they are cute!
B009G1T5YG love em! These shoes are great! A little stiffer sole than I expected for a running shoe, but once they're broken in I think they will be perfect.
B009G1T5YG Interesting fit The heel of the foot sits lower in this shoe which causes me to strike the front on my foot more appropriately for running, but the back side is so high that it causes blisters.  I either need to get different (taller) socks or use the shoes for shorter runs only.  It doesn't seem to be an issue with 5-mile runs, but is certainly an issue with 8 miles or longer.
B009G1T5YG tennis shoes they fit ok, a little snug, and does not allow much movement when wearing them. I did want support and they do, just wish they were a little softer.
B009G1T5YG Love these! I already have a pair of Pumas that I work out in, I do cardio on machines, biking, running etc. I also do a high intensity toning class two days a week and the Pumas I wear now I have had for over 3 years and they have held up great. I have a weak ankle due to an injury when I was young, and I have really flat feet (with out any supports the bottom of my entire foot touches the ground) so I need extremely supportive shoes because of this. I love Pumas always have, and probably always will, so when I read that these deliver extreme support and are a very sturdy shoe I decided to give them a try. I haven't actually worked out in them yet but I have walked in them and they fit great. I wear a 9 1/2 in the Pumas I had before these, and ordered a 9 1/2 and they fit perfect. Do be aware though, if you do have really flat feet like myself you will still need arches. I could tell as soon as I put them on that I would still need my arch inserts but there's plenty of room for them. I also wear an ankle brace and they fit around the brace great as well. Would definitely recommend these to people who prefer a sturdy shoe!
B009G1T5YG Awesome! I love these shoes! They fit wonderfully and are so comfortable to walk or run in. They are also really cool looking on your feet.
B009G1T5YG Nice looking....not what I expected. Nice color, good looking shoe. Fits tighter than I was expecting, a bit snug in the toe area. Also, it pinches the heel when you walk. I hope this improves with wear.
B009G1T5YG Great shoe 4 the price!!! It's a comfortable fit!! My feet feels good after a long on my feet:) and you can't beat the price.
B009G1T5YG Good shoe I was looking for new cross-training shoes and came upon these. So far I am happy with them. They fit a little big, but that is not a problem for me. I am an armature runner, so to me the support is good and the cushion is good too.
B009G1T5YG Lightweight, but a bit tight Blister on Achilles from top of shoe rubbing.  Sore toe tip from narrower toe box.  Comfortable,lightweight, but not a good fit
B009G1T5YG Like walking on air :) I bought them because i need good shoes for walking because of my back and joint pains. They fit well and it feels like walking on air. I love them! They also look good
B009G1T5YG Puma Bioweb look more powerful than they feel Insole inserts have no arch support and inside heels are not comfortable. Will replace insoles. Look fabulous and good value.
B009G1T5YG Lightweight but.... These shoes are lightweight which is great for running, however, they are quite narrow in the toe box area and run a tad bit short too. I typically wear and ordered a size 8 1/2 and this shoe just barely makes it for length. I am pretty disappointed in the arch support...or more accurately the lack of. These shoes will be OK for treadmill/eliptical workout but wouldn't recommend for running or high impact workouts. Not impressed.
B009G1T5YG Alright for light training These shoes are sort of large if I wear training socks and fit well if I wear running socks even though the advertising says web cage tech would hold your feet firmly. However, the main purpose i bought it was to go to gym and for casual wear, so it's a bit hot when I have to wear running socks all day long. The sole was designed for running short distance only, it is hard, minimum cushion and there is no arch support, which made the balls of my feet really hurt after intense activities
B009G1T5YG Puma Runners The shoe is a perfect fit although the back is too tight and rubs on the skin! They're a bit heavy also. They should be more flexible
B009G1T5YG pumas nice shoes They are very comfortable.  At first I thought they were going to squeeze my toe but I was pleasantly surprised after a few days they fit like a glove
B009G1T5YG a little hard soled feel, but give great support a little hard soled feel, but give great support. gave them a 4 start because they feel harder than most gym shoes I've had on the bottom. love the color, fit great
B009G1T5YG Perfect Fit and Comfort I have always bought Nike and New Balance running shoes but couldn't resist the Puma special.  These Pumas are surprisingly one of the most comfortable training shoes I have ever worn.  I can't talk about their durability since I've only had them a week but I can't stress how much fun they are to wear so far.
B009G1T5YG Sweet feet Very comfortable fit and a treat to the feet.  I needed a new pair of walking /running shoes and these fit the bill.  No pun intended
B009G1U2XE NICE! Love these shoes!!! True to fit, stylish and not heavy feeling on my feet. I think that I have been converted to being a Puma wearer from now in!
B009G1U2XE No arch support at all This shoe was very cool and I loved it except there is no arch support at all-like wearing a slipper. I need decent support if I'm doing activities, so I sent them back, sadly.
B009G1U2XE Nice Kicks Bought these as a Christmas gift and they were as attractive in person as they were online. Love the bright colors and the classic Puma style. The fit was true to size.
B009G1U2XE Great for weight training and running I've only used these a few times but I love them so far. They fit great and I didn't feel any sore or uncomfortable spots during any of my workouts. I do weight training 3 times a week and run 20 minutes on a treadmill each time. Great overall shoe, and I love the color!
B009G1U2XE Great shoes... I've been a long-time Puma fan (don't ever buy their headphones), and these shoes are as expected, and I got them at a good price. I walk far to reach work everyday, taking PT...also my job requires me to stand and walk a lot, so I needed a good shoe to walk in. I know Pumas run small, so BEWARE, and I recommend ordering a size-up, but if you get your size it's gonna be a bit tight, and if you go a size-up, it's going to be a bit loose...so you kinda can't totally win w/Puma shoes IMO, nevertheless, I love them, and I've rcvd several compliments on these (I got the purple and pink). These have been comfortable and helpful for my daily commute, and trying to maintain foot and posture health (esp after a recent lower-back injury)... Happy shopping!
B009G1U2XE Perfect fit! What a great pair of shoes! Glad I bought them. Exactly what I expected. Not quite as bright as the picture but ok.
B009G1U2XE Great Fit I've been using them for running and they are extremely comfortable and great looking. Would highly recommend them to everyone.
B009G1U2XE love these shoes These shoes look really awesome. There wasn't even a breaking in period. They fit great right out of the box . I have rheumatoid arthritis and have developed plantar fasciitis and I would definitely recommend these to anyone with these problems or even if you don't have them.
B009G1UD2E Love Them! I got these shoes early so they shipped great. They were a little tight when first putting them on but they have since streached and fit really good. When running and walking they are comfortable. However if I wear them to long my arches start to hurt but thats personal not a problem I have with the shoe. But I LOVE them!
B009G1UD2E I love'em!! They look great and they are very comfortable. These sneakers are a perfect fit for my size 10 medium width feet. I admit if my feet were wider or swollen I wouldn't be able to get them on due to their sock like design. They don't have a tongue. In fact they are slip-ons with laces. Also there isn't any elastic at the opening where you insert your foot, so there is no give. I feel fortunate that they fit me because I love the look and fit.
B009G1UD2E Love! I gave a four because I don't remember seeing that the shoes were not actual lace up shoes but that the tongue is all attached and its like a slip on.. so its a little bit tighter than what I would like but with each wear they get looser.  They are comfy and fit great! I normally where a 10 but went a 1/2 size up just in case plus I have to put in different insoles and they fit perfect!
B009G1UD2E Puma Women's Celi Turin Running Shoe I returned the item as it didn't fit me as I had hoped. It also seemed to not be of the quality that I expected from Puma and the price that I paid.
B009G1VXJG BETTER THAN I THOUGHT! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE SHOES! I love the fit and went on a walk when I got them and then later turned into a run. I am completely satisfied with these shoes and it was such an affordable buy! I definitely recommend to any seller out there looking for a great pair of running shoes.
B009G1VXJG didn't fit should note that these shoes run smaller than the others. I know they are supposed to be more snug but not that much. I have had puma's for awhile and this is the first time they didn't fit in my size
B009G1VXJG Awesome shoe When I received this shoe I was concerned it would fit tight!! But the fit and look is great. very happy with them!!!
B009G1VXJG Little Small I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 I ended up purchasing an 8 and they are too tight. The length is okay but they are tight I am hoping after wearing a while they will strech.
B009G1VXJG Puma Rocks! Great fit just what I expected. Very comfortable, no pain in my heels or my toes which I have experienced with other brands. Thank You Puma
B009G1WZP2 puma shoes these are my second pair,they are both comfortable and fun to wear, they fit very well, are easy to get on and off
B009G1WZP2 Great shoes for quick workouts! These fit great! They are snug and feel comfortable as I work out. I wanted something that was easy to slip on and I didn't have to worry about laces or lacing up! These truly fit the bill!
B009GCYQDU very cool Amazing fit ... i love how it looks on my kid ... shipping, quality every thing is fine with me ... the price is a little bit expensive
B009GZS6OW Nice looking shoes, but poor fit. I loved how these shoes looked on me, but the biggest downfall was their fit. The heel of the shoe kept digging into my heel, causing great discomfort. I tried to keep wearing them in, but it eventually became unbearable for me to continue wearing them. I even got some &#34;heel protectors&#34; to add, but that didn't seem to help either.I'm confident in the size being correct, because I have about half a dozen other pair of PUMAs in this size and they all fit fine. The only reason this product gets 2 stars instead of 1, is because it is a slick looking shoe... but the discomfort of the heel ruined it for me.
B009HWGD08 good fit just what I expected, guess it was just dumb luck that these worked out for size and fabric. would get these again.
B009KBPPAA Great Sneaker Ordered these sneakers for my daughter and she loves them. The fit just right and we cant be happier. Thanks
B009KRMGFQ Girls Puma sneakers, a great deal! I love these sneakers because of the ease of purchase, nice style and affordability. Great style, price and fit. Love it!
B009KRMGFQ No discernable arch. I bought these because Puma (sadly) doesn't make a 5 in the corresponding ladies' shoe.  So, I bought the child's version.  They are truly adorable, and fit pretty well.  However (as it the fault of many children's shoes) there is no discernible arch support in this shoe!  It's both disappointing and devaluing.  Children (and small-footed-adults) deserve to have their feet and arches protected, too.I would say fit is pretty true, however, the size correspondence to adult sizes is not exact.  The 3 seems to be a teensie smidge smaller than I expected, but it still fits so the difference is negligible.  The back of the heel (particularly the decorative point in back) is a little high; they would be more comfortable without that).Fortunately, they don't &#34;look like children's shoes,&#34; which I love.  I also love that the fit discourages my under-pronation.  They are also super-light.They have silver stitching that's not really apparent in the photo.
B009KSDDUM Tight Very tight, gave bad blisters first day. Cute but she won't be able yo wear them . So I wasted $50.00 bucks. Lesson learned try them on before you buy.
B009KSDTL0 We love these shoes They support so well, they are light weight and out daughter (who is 2) easily takes them off and on. Our house is on property that is quite uneven with rocks and we go running hiking often, we have found these to be a great summer shoe!
B009KSDW62 Love it! The Pants fit my daughter perfect! I would definitely recommend them to a friend!  They are really cute on her.
B009KTLR6I Puma's are Great for little feet Great shoe! Easy on and stays on! Puma is my go to brand for baby/toddler shoes, great fit & great quality!
B009KTOEDG Love the shoes! Love the puma drift cat sneaker and so does my daughter! Definitely a keeper, fit as expected, nice quality shoes.
B009KUEOFS great shoe. seem to run a little big. but hey. my kid is growing like a weed so they work just fine. next week they will fit just fine. would recommend.
B009KUEOFS good fit got these in the time they were expected. my 5 year old absolutely loved them. She was excited about the bright pink and especially the rhinestones.
B009KUEOFS Nice shoes this are great shoes my little baby likes them alot. they fit her perfectly and the colors are really nice.
B009KVEDCG excelent!! my baby loved them fit exactly as expected, and the packing as beautifull as the shoe itself!! I loved.them too
B009LA8GFG Great fit and feel Great fit and feel.  Love the design, coloring, and overall am very satisfied with this product.  I need to write 3 more words to submit this so.......boom shaka laka.
B009LACZ30 good to have i like how it fit. the fabric is good not etching. not expensive. i would recommend others to buy it.
B009LATZ3I Not so great It's Ok, its way to wide and short, I like the design and quality but the fit is just awkward .
B009MNYG1U Puma Roma Look good fit is ok love the style. The sneaker is fashionable really not made for playing sports. Please don't use for Daily use.
B009MNYG1U nicest shoes ive had the shoes fit perfectly, look great. i couldnt be happier. They came with white laces and black laces too for those who want the option.
B009MNYG1U The perfect fit Shoes fit me perfect and I have wide feet. They were truly better than I expected, the comfort is outstanding and I stand all day every day.
B009MNYG1U Comfortable and look great I followed the advice of other reviews and purchased a half size bigger than I normally wear and the shoes fit great.  They are very comfortable and I am very satisfied with my purchase.
B009MNYG1U Thank you I chose this rating because they arrived on time and they fit perfect! I was on sure because it has been a long time since I've ordered some pumas but they fit like a glove and I'm thankful for them.
B009MNYG1U Greta Summer footwear Once again Puma delivered. Classic style you can't go wrong  with.  My feet are on somewhat wider side and yet I do not feel squished in. Moderate foot support. I highly recommend.
B009MNYG1U nice shoes Got these for my man to support his shoe collection habit. He loves them. Fit great.
B009MNYNYU LOVE THESE SHOES!!! Beautiful, comfortable, great in the gym!They fit as expected and they look great!I will be buying another pair when these wear out.
B009MNYNYU She is on her feet most of the day and these shoes give her great support! They also double as exercising/running shoes My wife loves them. The colors fit her personality and the comfort level is supperior. She is on her feet most of the day and these shoes give her great support! They also double as exercising/running shoes.
B009MNZO3O very comfy!! I love these shoes!  they are so comfortable and they fit great.  I do not wear them for working out at all though, just for comfy shoes to wear out running errands and for casual.
B009MO0E2Y Smelly The odor was a reminder of how with our paints and our plastics we are destroying our environment.  They were returned.On a sizing note, I wear an 8 shoe but after reading the other reviews I purchased this in a 7.5 and they fit well I just couldn't abide the stench.
B009SCY9AI Smaller than expected. Too low. I don't wear these shoes much at all. They're so low they're practically a slipper and the fit is smaller than normal for Puma so my feet were a bit jammed up for the first week I broke them in. Otherwise, they look nice. They're just not nearly as nice as my old zippered Pumas from Costa Rica that I cannot find anywhere.
B009SDR9HC Great shoes! I love the shoes...perfect fit, great arch support, very comfortable to walk in.  I will definitely buy puma again. :)
B009SDR9HC Perfect sleek, casual shoes I love the sleek fit. I have long (yes, big old size 10) skinny feet and these r nice and snug on the sides; they fit me perfect. I got the tan w/yellow accents and the suede material is very nice. The soles r thin, so if u need lots if arch support these might b for u. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for sleek, comfy sneakers.
B009STI9NO Men's Puma shoes They were a bit to tight. All and all they were a good bargin for the price. I would recommend them to others.
B009STI9NO Happy pumas It's what I wanted and I got it that's shy I love the  sneakers and the way they fit also.
B009STJS8E Lightweight nice tight fit in the heel and comfy So I just got these today but they fit really nicely and were much lighter than my older pumas I believe the night fox edition. The colors are poppin as usual. The heel is snug which in like and the curl from heel to toe is suited to for a more curved foot which was good for me, maybe not you though. The only thing I would complain about is the support in the ankle though I have weak ankles so we shall see how they hold up to the trails.
B009STNEF2 what i expected Shoes are what I expected. Insole could be a bit softer.Shoes are a good snug fit, right size, but narrow.which works great for me.so far so good. I'll let you know if they fall apart.
B009STNEF2 Nice! I love PUMA shoes.  They do not have very much support so you may need to purchase an insert.  They are comfortable to me.
B009STNEF2 Great sneaker. This PUMA Men's Cell Gen Cross-Training sneaker is wonderful, it fits great, looks good and the price was unbeatable. I love them.
B009STNEF2 Amazing For any sneakerhead, (in my opinion) Puma is such an underrated sneaker maker. The designs are great, the fit is amazing. Top that off with the pricing on most of their shoes are very reasonable, and there's not much to dislike!
B009STNEF2 Ok The shoes fit well Look good. One thing, The shoes has yellow p&oacute;&#322;ka dots around the heel. That something the pictures don't show.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes!! These fit great and look even better!  I hated when my husband would wear bulky square tennis shoes with jeans, it looks just awful!  These are a nice slim/form fitted shoe and look great with jeans and work out attire alike.  The colors are just as expected, nice and vibrant.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes I picked up these for the comfort and style they looked like they would provide. Arrived on time and fit just as expected! Recommend to anyone looking for a decently priced pair of running shoes.
B009STNEF2 Great buy. Comfort and support are the highest with these Cross-Training Shoes.Casual wear is easy with this stylish look. Will buy for my sons.
B009STNEF2 puma great Really good fit. Look Great. Lots of compliments. Much more than I ever expected. Puma should advertise more, really great product.
B009STNEF2 I love my pumas shoes great shoes ,nice colors and fit  and feel good,and the best the price from amazon,thanks, I will keep looking for more offers on puma
B009STNEF2 Great Great just what I expected.  It looks perfect on my feet.  A little bluer than I thought. Still I love it.
B009STNEF2 Shoe for any occasion. Great fit. Nice bounce in the step. Good for for sports and party. You cannot go wrong in buying this.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes The colors is what attract my attention, I gave it a 5 star because they look great, fit great, and  i recommend this item :)
B009SU39K6 Run faster, but takes a touch of getting used to I have really mixed feelings about the Puma Mobium Elite.If you're reading this review, then you're probably a little like me, wondering if there's any truth to this supposedly entirely new sneaker technology built around a basic premise: Your foot changes shape roughly 6%, so your sneaker should too. The unique x-shaped band running in a groove along the outer sole supposedly pulls the sneaker back into an arched shape after allowing a flattening of the arch during impact to help change with the changes of your foot and also spring back to help give back energy for your stride.Having just recently received these, i have been out on 4 runs at 8 miles each, and have reached some conclusions.Like I said at the start, i have mixed feelings about this sneaker. Here's the short of what i found:- Run pace is consistently faster on all 4 runs- There's a tiny cost: a touch of leg pain in new places- Really strange parts of my foot got small blisters- It changes my stride- it works, it's fun, but takes a little getting used to- The band underneath could be tighter- Outsole feels great. Upper and insole doesn't feel as great- Awesome materials in the upper, not sure how well everything is put together.Here's the long version.SHAPE:First, the shape of the sneaker. It definitely is shaped like an arched foot, and not a regular sneaker where the outsole runs flat across but the insole has an arch bump, or with an outsole that has a raised heel like traditional high drop sneakers.  The shoe literally has a distinct high arch on the outside that is equally reflected inside.The upper is a gorgeous material and the laces seem like a high tech material too. The tongue is strange though. It's uber thin (Teijin microfiber, maybe?) with a funny plasticky/silicone like badge where the tongue shows through the laces. The tongue also seems stitched onto the ceiling of the upper in a simplistic way that rubs a little during a run. Not enough to cause any skin irritation but certainly noticeable in the early miles.The sneaker is harder to put on because the whole shoe wraps around the foot in the shape of the foot. They are especially form fitting around the sides of the heel and the arch. The closest thing to the fit of these would that I've tried is the Merrel Sonic Glove. Not even the Vivobarefoot Breathos or Evo IIs or Vibram Five fingers wrap this snugly. The Mobiums do seem to run just a touch long in the heel for me though. I find that despite the snug feel around the midfoot and on either side of the heel, the rear of the heel doesn't quite hug the back of my heel, causing some movement early on, though surprisingly that movement stopped once i was running for a while. Stiffness in the forefoot flexibility might have been partially to blame.The toebox seems less roomy than other sneakers I've purchased lately, but still plenty roomy for toes to splay and move reasonably and never feel tight or constricting during a run.The outer edge of the lateral plantar branches (e.g. on the left foot, that would be the whole outer or left edge of the fore foot from behind the toes to just behind the middle of the foot) does feel unusually snug though, and also seems the least flexible and shock absorbing, causing some really unusual pain for me compared to just about every other shoe I've ever worn.On the inside, there are some strange bumps or stitching that caused some rubbing in weird ways. This manifested in small blisters on my big toe and the inward facing part of the big toe mound. I don't usually get blisters in these areas, so there's something going on there.The shoe is a 19mm heel with a 4-6mm drop (guesstimating here)  What makes this especially hard to tell is that rather than start high and gradually decline, the raised arch makes the sense of the drop seem difficult to really feel.RUN:The four runs were really telling.  I had all kinds of good things and bad things happen during the run that I can't really give an overall score that would reflect how I felt about the shoe.  What's more, the first and fourth runs were roughly the same, telling me that my conclusions were really consistent and not a one off result from the excitement of wearing new shoes.First off, these sneakers seem to run a touch small, so get a half size up if you can, or try them out.  I think it should be a fairly tight, snug fit, as the material does stretch a just a little bit over the first few runs.  Could be wrong here, so probably better if you ask an expert at a shoe store.The shoe is snug, no question, and is hard to put on.At first, walking around, the simplistic way the tongue is sewn onto the ceiling of the upper seems to dig in, but I worried for naught.  The feeling went away about a mile into the run, and never came back, caused no skin irritation at all.Next is the strange differences in areas of pressure.  The lateral plantar branches definitely felt pressure and became sore over the course of the run.  I think this is because the dramatic movement of the arch offers a lot of run assistance, shock absorption, and energy return, but the lateral plantar side has no such springy motion, so takes the brunt of the force.  I could be wrong, but if I was, I should have similar problems in other shoes, so i think I'm right here.  The lateral plantar side feels a little like doing a hard mid-foot stride run in minimalist sneakers.Next up, the inside edge of the foot gets some blisters.  From the big toe to the big toe mound to the inside of the arch, I got blisters.  My guess is that this is because even though the arched changes shape with the changes in my foot arch, there is some rubbing as the shoe adjusts its shape.  Could be wrong here.  I used Kinesio tape on the second-fourth runs and that alleviated the blisters.Next up, the heel.  I noticed immediately that while the sides of the heel are very snug, the back of the heel is a touch loose, causing some movement.  I would have sworn up and down that the back of my heel would get rubbed raw, but something interesting happened.  Whenever I'm walking, I can feel the heel rubbing against the heel of the shoe vertically.  But when actually running, the rubbing disappears.  Can't imagine why this is the case, but in either case, there was no skin irritation on the heel.  A pleasant surprise to be sure.Other than these noticeable things, the shoe felt really great overall, and the changing shoe shape does seem to actually work a bit and my runs were clearly faster. I rotate my shoes a fair bit, and the increased speed from these shoes has been consistent when compared to other sneakers.Basically the shock cords in an x-pattern on the outsole are trying to contract.  When you land, your weight flattens the sole and the shock cord pulls the shoe back into the arched shape.  I wish that shock cord was much tighter than it is.  I feel an energy return when kicking off, and since this is my easy run shoe, it would be great if the energy return was higher, hence the wish for a stronger, tighter shock cord.Still, even as is, the shoe seems to be begging me to change my stride and it did so on all my runs.  It pushes you into a light heel mostly mid foot strike and a deeper and...springier (is that a word?) push off.  So my legs are encouraged to kick off farther back causing a longer stride.  The last time I had this long a stride was when I exclusively used traditional stability sneakers (Mizuno Elixir 4s, a few years ago).  My stride has been much shorter for a few years now (in traditional and minimalist sneakers) so it was surprising that the Mobiums caused such a dramatic change in stride length so consistently and for the entire run, every time.On to tactioception, or exteroception (sorry, I still refuse to give in to the misguided definition of "proprioception" which is a word the industry mistakenly uses to describe a sense of where body parts are in relation to the ground...that's not proprioception, that's exteroception.  Proprioception is a sense of where body parts like toes are in relation to other body parts.  It's original use in minimalist shoes comes from the fact that you use your toes more, making them stronger and more sensitive to where they are in relation to each other and the rest of the foot.  But the misguided "proprioception" term has run rampant, so i'll probably give in to this one day.  Just not today).  These are closer to traditional sneakers with little exteroception.  The stack height is likely too high, but there is just a little more feel in these versus stability sneakers or high cushion neutrals.  Interestingly, the foot pads act a little like paw pads on an animal's paw so the lateral force of each pad is felt when striking and pushing off in weird angles.  This was kind of cool.  Though it would be nice to get true exteroception in a future version.At the end of each run, I've noticed that the tendons on either side behind my knees feel a touch sore, as well as some ever-so-slight pain in my calves and heel.  But the real lingering dullish pain is felt around my big toe mound and my lateral plantar branches.  Even now, several hours after my latest run, I feel this feint, dullish, but noticeable "bone deep" pain along the lateral plantar branches.  Perhaps this is because the sneaker encourages a longer and springier stride, but it may not be the best idea to completely give in and commit to that temptation.CONCLUSION:I have run in maybe two dozen shoe brands over the years (buying multiples of ones that I really like), and unlike folks who prefer a single shoe type, I happily rotate in everything from minimalist shoes on up to traditional neutral and stability shoes and everything in between.  In all those years and among all the shoes, there has really only been one sneaker (another review I wrote recently) that felt right from the very first run, and while I was hopeful that the Mobiums would be the second pair to do that, they are close, but not quite there.Despite the little issues, there's no question these sneakers encourage me to run faster, with longer strides, and feel great during the run.  So to help with faster pace training in the 8-14 mile range, the Mobiums are now a consistent part of my rotation, especially for medium pace training.Given how many sneakers I've thrown away or returned (when possible), sneaker compliments don't get much better than that.Happy running!
B009SU4SF6 Puma shoes I did not expected so nice shoes from puma, but they are really nice and material is perfect, they fit good and i would recommend to all friends...
B009SUAWDI LOVE! I'm a huge Puma fan and was thrilled once again.  They fit great and are super comfortable.  I would definitely recommend!!
B009SUAWDI Great Shoe Color as expected. They fit well and are comfortable and supportive. I'm in the healthcare profession and am on my feet all day. These are durable and work great.
B009SUNNQQ Cool look Great ankle support and great look continuously asked where they were purchased easy on easy off really like the color
B009SUNNQQ the best!! Easily the most comfortable sneaker I have bought in 10 years - True size fit, colors accurate representation, and just so comfortable.  I absolutely love these!
B009SUP00S shoes with stains not visible to the eye very nice and sturdy shoes, expected colorshoes have little visible shadowcarving tight but coorrectaI recommend putting the darker gray
B009SVMOCO These Pumas are Very comfortable! They fit true to size and the cushion in the sole is very comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a casual pair of sneak's
B009T3ABVW Great Fit Socks fit very nicely.  After numerous washings, they retain their shape and color.  They do not rub or irritate my feet.
B009V3NJR8 Great lightweight shoe Great and comfortable fit. very lightweight and stylish. The color get's a lot of positive attention every time I wear them.
B009ZRIJ0C great fit excellent quality better than expected great fit excellent quality better than expected considering buying another pair in a different colour if the size  becomes available once again
B00A005X4S Sporty Flat I wear flats almost every day with my jeggings, and I was looking for something a little sporty/casual to wear with t-shirts. These grey sneaker flats are perfect! They are made out of mesh, yes, but they are also lined on the inside with a stretchy, non-mesh material, so that your toes aren't directly stretching the mesh material. Also, I am normally between a size 6 and a 6.5, but I normally go up to a 6.5 for sneakers, so I ordered the 6.5. They fit perfectly - not too tight and they don't slip off. They have more padding than my normal GAP flats. The bottom of the show is not stiff like my other flats, it is a rubbery, flexible bottom. Very comfortable, but you can feel the ground when you walk. I purchased these for everyday use, not for exercise; I wouldn't recommend them for working out. They are perfect for what I wanted them for.
B00A005X4S It is ok These shoes fit as expected. They are kind of see through and have no arch support not exactly as I wanted.
B00A008HR8 Not a snug fitting as my grey ones I've had for 2 years I have a grey pair that I love and wear everyday. They are slender and stylish!  So nice to have a sneaker with a little heel that feels and looks so good.  They hug my foot all over and make it look skinny. They really hug the middle making your foot look like a hour-glass.  However the black pair I recently ordered had a little poof on both sides around the middle - didn't hug my foot like the grey ones did.  They were not as flattering as my grey ones. So I returned them. I was bummed because I was looking for a black version of my grey ones.  I don't know - maybe they all vary. But I was disappointed. In the future I may try another black version with the striped heel to see if I can get that same snug fit around the middle of the foot.  You may just have to order them and see how they fit.  If you get ones that fit snug - you'll be in heaven because it is the best, most comfortable sneaker with a heel!!!! Probably not for people with wide feet especially at the top.
B00A008HR8 Perfect fit for my foot! I have a very narrow foot and this shoe is what the doctor ordered.  It gives me great support and looks darling with slim fitting shift dresses for a little edge! The stripey wedge gives it a little flair as well. This color is a knockout and gets me lots of compliments.  I just ordered the Fluorescent Yellow and can't wait to wear it.  Puma wedge sneakers are getting me through the spring and summer.  I cannot say enough good things about this one!
B00A008HR8 Shoe too tight Bought theses shoes mostly for leisure. Very nice looking shoes, but found them extremely tight and uncomfortable. Had to return them.
B00A008HR8 love em to death. hott! i love them!! they are extra cute & fit just fine. i wish the right foot could be slightly bigger, but thatz with all my shoes. perfect fit tho.
B00A008HR8 Perfect Fit Great for walking, exercising, running errands or just looking cute.  Very comfortable inside.  Heel height is perfect.  No extra pressure on the feet.  PUMA is name not to be disappointed.  Colors are clear and vibrant.
B00A0HDGAO Great soccer cleats Bought these for my two boys (ages 6 and 5). They look awesome, and fit their feet great. Overall I'm satisfied with these Pumas and would recommend.
B00A0HEKYK Perfect fit and great flex! I can't stand soccer shoes that do not have any flex, these have wonderful flex and were true to fit for my 6 year old.  She loves them!
B00A0HFT2W Puma soccer shoe These child soccer shoes fit great and are very durable.  They are also very stylish and my 9 year old loves them!
B00A3SOM8U Nice to wear @ the gym True to fit, very good looking and comfortable,  it is the ideal t-shirt to use at the gym. Dry fit and the design provides a very favorable figure.
B00A3UEX96 PUMA ROCKS!! Great fit, looks awesome and a great price. Great to wear under a shirt or on it's own. Highly recommend these shirts if your doing any type of athletic sports. PUMA ROCKS!!!
B00AAIN6FI Great running shorts My 9 year old daughter wore these for cross country season and they fit her very well, no chaffing. Sz Med
B00AALF76Q So Cute These are so cute, fit as expected and seem to be very comfortable. They will definitely be great for this summer
B00AAZPNYS just fit great I've wanted more shorts, these fit well with room to grow. All the shorts I bought  Id defiantly recommend to everyone, especially ParentsKeep them in stock.
B00AFPN4NA like very very cute, the fit was as expected becaue each child is different,  a little pricey though, wash in cold water
B00AI1VTF6 Great shoes These golf shoes are light and supportive. They are also ok when the grass is wet and my feet have stayed dry. I find these to be much more comfortable than other Nike or Adidas plastic spike golf shoes I have had. I don't notice my feet slipping because of the spikeless style, it works great.
B00AI1Z2G8 Low to the ground, promotes great balance Great shoe great fit. The heel sits very low to the ground so the balance of my swing feels much better. THE WHIT GETS DIRTY FAST.
B00AI1Z2G8 great shoes Great fit, I wear a 10.5 in all other shoes including FootJoy, UA and other Puma shoes and these fit fine. I've played about 5 rounds and they've held up nice even in some wet conditions. Not as much traction as spikes in the mud obviously but they work. Very comfortable and light. I feel the best amount of balance in these vs my spiked dryjoys and it results in more consistent ball striking. Its not going to make you a better golfer but it makes me feel more comfortable.
B00AI1Z2G8 Great shoe - light and comfortable Fantastic purchase.  No breaking in required and love the fit.  The two sets of laces were a nice touch.  Would highly recommend.
B00AI1Z2G8 Great Shoes! They fit as expected and are very light weight.With a one year waterproof warranty how could I do any better!
B00AI1Z2G8 Loves them Husband loved them. Very comfortable and new look in golfing apparell.Great price and great shoes .Highly reccommended true to fit and good support
B00AJ3WXYO Great shoes Great fit, I'm a puma fan these didn't disappoint.. Excellent shoes.. Nice feel no problems good shoes don't hesitate to buy.
B00AKDLEKC perfect fit It is a perfect fit, nice cut, very comfortable and fashionable for around the house and outside, nice color and materials.
B00AKQHCHI I love it I am very impressed with this vest. Fit as expected and exceed all of my expectations. A recommended buy anytime.
B00AKQHSWM I am 6'6", 235lbs and this is tight snug, but GREAT fit and looks awesome. This is a great cut and fit.  at my height, often shirts are too short, and I expose my tummy during stretches, etc. This fits snug and is an awesome cut... short sleeves that show the upper arms, gives free range of motion. My wife thinks it's hot, so there's that. =)
B00AKUCU7G it's ok. it's fit me, but doesn't like very much. the price is very good. just wear it  for exercise and travel.
B00AOAQAJG Good for achilles tendon problems I was looking for an &#34;athletic&#34; shoe with a heel high enough to relieve achilles tendonitis pain but not too high to actually use for walking/working/mild exercise. These fit the bill pretty well. While not as comfortable as a real tennis shoe, they do have a wide enough base for stability and some tread. I agree that these are not super comfy when you first put them on; a little stiff and narrow, but they DO soften up and widen out a bit pretty quickly. I added a set of gel heel pads and found them comfortable enough to buy a second pair (and my 13 yo wants some now, too!) Normally an 8, bought the 8.5 and they fit well.
B00AOATXAO Cute wedge pumas I know my size in Puma is 8.5, and these fit just right. They are not as cushioned as I expected as in a tennis shoe, so I bought inserts, and I also replaced the pink laces with black. I wish Puma had included a second set of laces.
B00AOATXAO So cute and comfy These are so comfortable and fit true to size. You can be stylish and comfortable. I was a little hesitant initially but I love them.
B00AOBAAQO Love the color, not the fit. love the look, not so much the fit. Tight in the toe box but can be worn for short periods of time. Expected more from PUMA.
B00AOBC4JA Super cute and comfy! The shoes are super cute and comfy. Fit exactly as expected. Perfect for the summer!! The color is a little more gray than the pictures.
B00AOBC4JA Such a great style but a bad fit unfortunatley the back of the shoe cuts into the back of the foot causing blister.  It would have been perfect if were cushioned or a bit higher.
B00AOBC4JA cute but ouch! unfortunately I know better than to buy shoes w/o trying them on but I needed something fast.  They run a bit tight and they rub on the heel.  I wore them one day and had blisters.  Too bad - they were so cute! but will probably not wear again.
B00AOBC4JA Some of my favorite shoes Puma's Zandy flats are some of my favorite slip ons - they don't rub against my heels or cause painful blisters, they break in nicely, and they're like slippers on your feet. The mesh is nice and breathable, so your feet stay cool even in warm weather.  They're not so cold that you can't wear them in winter, either.They have better than average traction for flats because of the textured rubber sole, which is more than you can say for most flats of similar styling.The only downside is that I usually have to get SuperFeet to put in these, because there's no arch support.  It's worth the little bit of extra for the number of compliments I get on these and how comfy they are, though.
B00AOBC4JA Pumas are Great Love these.  Nice looking and comfortable too. Would recommend for everyday and make great dancing shoes too. Pumas are great shoes
B00AOBCTIQ Love them! I love Puma Ballet Flats! So comfortable! I did order half a size up and they fit great. I can spend all day in these shoes comfortable and look super cute.
B00AOBD728 Love these Colors and fit are as expected. These fit nicely into my Puma collection. These shoes are very comfortable! Very pleased with this order
B00AOBELPU Cute and comfy Very lightweight and SUPER comfortable. Highly recommend. The purple is a little brighter than it looks in the photo but I still like it, and other than that they were exactly as expected in terms of style and fit.
B00AOBFEC4 love them They fit perfectly. They arrived on time. I love the way the look on me to. I should have been smarter to not cook in them because I spilt Greece on them. I hope it washes out.
B00AOBFEC4 Excellent! Pretty shoes, very bright and well make. I love Puma's classic shoes and got exactly what I wanted and expected with these. Also came with dark purple laces that match the sides and to me, look better with the shoes.
B00AOCAP9A super comfortable & well worth the money! I love these cross-trainers! As others have said in their reviews so are so light it's as if there's nothing in the pkg when it arrives! The arch support in these are fabulous and don't bother my feet what so ever! Although they do fit somewhat small they are not to tight on me (depending on the socks I wear...if I wear thicker sox they're not too tight but less comfortable than with thinner sox). Also, as other's have noted, the back does come up high so I do wear &#34;higher&#34; sox instead of the low foot sox. I absolutely love these Pumas though and will be purchasing another pair I'm sure!
B00AOCAP9A Fantastic athletic shoes! Here's why I love these shoes:Very flattering shape, not bulky.Super cushiony & bouncy fit, a bit of a negative heel (which I like)Very stylish, could wear with crisp, dark denim as easily as workout gear.Roomy toe box. They don't rub on my toes or smoosh them.I use them mainly for boot camp, kickboxing, and trail running. I am a huge Asics Gel Trabuco fan and these are comparable in comfort, but with a lighter & more compact fit.
B00AOCAP9A Average Sneakers (but very light) Very very light sneakers. Not great support though if you have any sort of arch. Very flat. Color is exactly as shown
B00AOCAP9A Color is more like Lime Green rather neon yellow Pumas are the best.  Low profile, but have enough comfort to support your feet while running.  I always put an additional layer (insole) for extra support.
B00AOCAP9A Not meant for running..... I give it a 4 out of 5. These are great for the gym, Zumba, or anything that you don't put too much strain on your feet or knees, but these are not meant for running. The were just too flexible and I need support when I run. I love that they are breathable and are great for walking, but not good for rocky or rough areas.
B00AOCAP9A Great cross trainers These shoes are extremely lightweight and fit true to size. The color is amazing.  I would highly recommend these shoes
B00AOCAP9A Great for T-25 I am happy with the overall fit.  They are lightweight and great for the jumping involved with the T-25 program.
B00AOCAP9A Super lightweight and comfortable. These fit true to size, a very lightweight (yay for my gym bag!) and feel great on my feet. Very breathable. I also love the vibrant colors.
B00AOCAP9A Very comfortable shoes!!! Excellent walking and gym shoes! Fit perfectly with cotton socks. They feel very light on the feet and generally offer excellent support to the arch and the whole foot.
B00AOCAP9A Love the shoes For the price, these are super shoes.  Roomy in the front so toes can spread, yet the foot slides into a sleeve inside the shoe, so there is plenty of support.  Lots of cushion in the tread and the color is very trendy.  I've bought athletic shoes that I've paid a whole lot more for, and are not as comfortable as these Pumas!
B00AOCAP9A ok they weigh almost nothing and walk ok but no support at all.  Some times I wonder why I kept them.  I would never get another pair because I need more support in a shoe
B00AOCAP9A Great shoe.  Excellent value. As I expected.  Very lightweight.  Fit well, attractive, and comfortable.  This was a great price for a great pair of shoes.
B00AOCAP9A Needs more support. Great shoe.  It's super light and very flexible.  My only complaint is there is not enough support to my arch.
B00AOCAP9A Good! Just as what I have expected it to be! And It fit just fine.  It was really a good deal!
B00AOCCXJU biowebs great fit. comfy. nice blue, not too loud. low on the ankle and inside is nice and soft and has great support.
B00AOCCXJU Love these shoes! These shoes are really comfortable, fit as expected, have great traction and are nice looking, too. I'm really glad I bought them.
B00AOCCXJU They work, toe box a tad wide, not for Bupees with orthodics :) Maybe I have weird feet. I'm on the search for the perfect cross training show for pivoting and burpees etc. This one is fine, good support (works with my orthodics) but as with many shoes, they are snug around the arch and then the toe box is loose. Result? If you wear orthodics, when you are doing burpees, the orthodics slip forward with every toe strike. This happens with most shoes so again, I'm on the search. These are cute and sturdy.
B00AOCDNJ4 great fitting shoes Love them they fit perfect. And feel great on my feet. Color is right for seeing in the dark for running.
B00AOCDNJ4 Great work out shoes! I've been teaching fitness for 13 years, so I've owned many, many fitness shoes.  I almost always buy cross trainers, and I really loved these.  They seem so hard to find these days.  More support than I expected.  I will buy them in every color!
B00AOCDNJ4 Puma Bioweb shoe Love the fit and the feel of these shoes.  I am looking forward to wearing these while I work out.  I would also like to mention the packaging.  What a great idea and it saves a lot of paper.  Thanks
B00AOCDNJ4 love them they fit fantastic and feel great on my feet!! I would most definitely recommend these and order them again. Thanks
B00AOCDNJ4 run tight Puma shoes in general run tight on me. I tried these because my fianc&eacute; said they were great. I loosened the laces and widened them as much as I could, skipping the last eye hole at the top. At least I can wear them and the are pretty cushy to walk in. I usually wear a 7 but ordered a 7.5.
B00AOCDUD8 Not too bad..... Bought these for light running shoes.Stick to these for walking.. not really enough inside to make them comfortable running shoes.Fit is a bit tight.. I always buy size 9 in Asics and these are a tight 9.If I bought a puma again.. likely would go up a 1/2 size.Fun colour though.
B00AOCE7IA Nice shoe Knowing that Puma can sometimes fun small. I was pleasantly surprised to find they fit as expected and were very comfortable to walk in.
B00AOCE7IA The Sole of a foot. I love puma shoes also every size is perfect  fit thanks. If possible next time inside bottom make more soft.
B00AOCE7IA looks sleak love them I love the look, very athletic, sleek, and slim. Only two things I would have changed, the shoestrings are very papery feel and thin don't like that, and there is a round ball on the sole where the toes are and I live on a second floor apt with hardwood floors and I find the loud tap as I walk annoying which Im sure my downstairs neighbor will think also, so all in all I really like them, BUT I WISH THE RIGHT SHOE FIT BETTER, IT KINDA HANGS OFF, IT'S A BIT IRRATING BUT NOT ENOUGH TO SEND BACK OR GIVE A LOWER RATING
B00AOCE7IA Look good, but not comfortable The shoes are not as flexible as expected and hurt the arch of my feet. Otherwise they look great and appear as if they are pretty sturdy(will not fall apart easily). Unfortunately I will probably be returning them.
B00AOCE7IA Fit a bit large They are nice shoes but they fit a bit bigger than expected. I could have gone down a half size but they will work out fine.
B00AOCE7IA Fit like my other Pumas I love them!
B00AOD2OQ6 I Am In Love This sneaker is great.  Perfect fit and comfort from the get go.  They look super cute with either jeans or shorts.  The color is fabulous!
B00AOD2OQ6 comfortable, as expected I'm a big fan of Pumas in general, but like many shoe makers they go overboard sometimes.  These are simple, clean, and comfortable, as expected.
B00AOD2OQ6 Awesome shoes These shoes are awesome. I have been looking for something similar to the Faas 300's and these are extremely close. Very comfortable. I bought a 10.5 which fits a little snug but I expected that with the way my other Puma's fit (an 11 may have been a little loose/big). I also love the look... classy and sporty.
B00AOD2OQ6 Fits my weird feet like a glove Pumas fit this flat-footed man better than any other shoe, especially this style.  For those of you with long, narrow, flat, low-lying feet who have had mixed success with Nikes, New Balances and other brands (having to lace all of them really tight, for example), consider this one.
B00AOD2OQ6 Nice shoes. Nice shoes. Comfortable. Great design. I like the color combination. They fit just a little bit large but not too much.
B00AOD2OQ6 Four Stars Fit as expected.
B00AOD2OQ6 Great shoes! Arrived on time. They fit perfectly. They're very comfortable. If they're like my other pairs of pumas, I expect they'll last a long time. I love these shoes!
B00AOD8YMO Perfect crosstraing shoes I'm morbidly obese, so always hate spending a lot of money on shoes as I wear the support out quickly. These have been wonderful for my workouts though and stand up to my everyday walking as well. Great support, great fit! Will definitely buy these again when I need new shoes.
B00AOD8YMO dont buy they are not comfortable or flexible and they creak while walking They squeak and are not comfortable!!!!!  Very disappointing shoes.  Do not recommend at all.  Poor support,  poor flexibility.  Best feature is color!
B00AOD8YMO Take out the insoles. You will have to break yourself into using them that way but trust me, they run much better that way! I tried them in for one run with the insoles and had no feeling of what was going on down there, impact going up into my knees and back. Once I removed they felt much better and I had no pain. So far they are holding up well, look pretty cool, and the glow-in-dark feature is kind of neat at night. They fit my 11.5 US just right on that size.
B00AOD8YMO Bright Orange -- very nice ! Just a little tight, where 10 1/2 usually is just right.  Awesome shoe though !  Very thick bottom cushioning seems to make it a tight fit.  Comes with the coolest cloth shoe tote bag.  Very Clever.
B00AOD8YMO Great shoes I've been using these shoes for a little over a week and I love them. They fit well, and are very comfortable. I have gone for a few long walks, and they have been really supportive. I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a fun, bright, and functional shoe for walking, and running. My children saw them glowing when we went to the movies, and loved it. With all that being said, if you're not looking for brightly colored shoes, then don't buy these. The color is very full, rich, and bright.
B00AOD8YMO Gotta Say Puma hit a Home Run with this model - Bioweb - love them Gotta Say Puma hit a Home Run with this model - Bioweb - love them - great fit - great support and great colors - the support seems a bit stiff when first lacing them up - but after a few steps, they feel great - I recently just returned two other orders of a different model - fit was all wrong - these are almost as good as the FAAS 400 running shoe, just a bit heavier.
B00AOD8YMO Pumas rock Great workout shoe. Provides great support. I  worked out and felt support for all exercises. I really like the sneakers
B00AOD8YMO PRETTY COOL! I find that many women's wide shoes still don't fit me quite right. So... more often than not I buy mens sneakers.(i normally wear a women's 9) Not only do these fit very well, they are sporty and bright. I love the glow in the dark feature as I walk a lot and if I'ts near dusk between the glow in the dark section and the vibrant green shoe I am definitely visible!!!
B00AOD8YMO Woman buyer I buy mens sneakers because my feet are too big for Ladies size.So I look for the more girly looking ones.I love the way these Look,but more importantly love the way they fit! They are now wide which I love they fit.They are foot slimming,they fit more true to what my feet are.Where as my other men sneakers in another brand while feeling good they make my foot look bigger and wider than it is.I liked these cause the feel good and look more feminine,Just bought a pair in women's size for my daughter too see she liked them so much too
B00AOD8YMO Wow! My son got these for his birthday and thought they appeared small, until he tried them on. Fit just as expected, super comfortable and true to size, very glad we didn't listen to the reviews that found they ran small. The best part, aside from the fit, is that they REALLY glow in the dark. My son was told that they glowed, but he thought I just meant they were bright.  Driving down the road that evening, he noticed a strange light coming from the floorboard of his truck; his shoes were glowing brightly, lol. Not only do they look and feel good; they are a fun shoe as well. Great shoe, especially when compared to far more expensive shoes. He's only worn the shoes a week so can't really comment on how well they hold up, but expect them to last a good while.
B00AOD8YOC Five Stars They fit good and they look awesome.
B00AODTEZA Comfortable and good looking. I use these as my workout shoes. They fit as expected and are comfortable. I have no complaints with these shoes.
B00AODTEZA Great product Recommended: so comfy and great shoe for training and running. Stylish with perfect fit. No more shin splints for me
B00AODTEZA Fits tight I don't remember having any shoes I've bought  fit tight, but these seem to.  The length is correct, but tight on the sides.  I'm hoping they will stretch after worn awhile.  They are not very comfortable.  If you have wide feet, don't get these.  You will wind up sending them back.  I'm not sure if I'll buy Puma again.
B00AODTEZA Run a little tight. I usually wear a 10 in running shoes, but these are tight through the mid foot. Certainly not the most comfortable running shoe.
B00AODVKJI pumas Love the shoes look the same and the pictures no scuffs no wear at  all. Brand new as expected. Love amazon quick like the easy button. ;)
B00AODVKJI Bioweb The shoes fit great. They are the most comfortable shoes. I would recommend these shoes to some one, why not ?
B00AODVKJI PUMA MAKES A GREAT SHOE !! These are incredibly comfortable, they fit great, look good, and were very reasonably priced. Excellent !!! I would recommend these shoes to everyone.
B00AODVKJI Great Shoes, great fit These shoes are very comfortable and have good support.  They felt broken in right away but still very supportive.  Cool color too.
B00AODW9HA Good shoe. Good fit and solid design.  Fit slightly snug at first but broke right in after wearing them for one day.
B00AODW9HA perfectly fit, light weight perfectly fit size, light weight and feels really comfortable in running; low profile color match, i love it too much
B00AODW9HA Great shoes I am 6'4 300lbs and i run with no hard slamming on the ground with these. The cushioning and support where far more than i had experienced with asics.
B00AODW9HA I LOVE THESE SHOES I bought this for my boyfriend and he really loves it.... it looks even better in real and fit perfectly... i will definitely recommend them..
B00AODW9HA Most comfortable shoe I own I am nervous to buy shoes online because often when I try on shoes they are not comfortable. These fit perfect and they are very comfortable to wear all day long.
B00AODW9HA Very good overall I have to keep my shoes in good condition otherwise me knees wont let me walk very much. So time for a new pair and after much deliberation settled for these. They fit well and are very comfortable as I wear them to work so after 8 hours on my feet I would feel them. I barely know that I'm wearing them at all and the look pretty nice too.
B00AODW9HA Great shor It looks better than I expected. Was going to wear these to work and decided that they are to nice for a pizza shop. The shoes fit exactly like the past two pairs of pumas I bought. It seems like puma doesn't have the sizing problem like most companies do. Great shoe
B00AODZANA Tighter fit than other Puma's, even though I always buy a size up. Narrower. Good support and comfy sole though. Good shoe.
B00AOE059S As always Great fit with superior construction. Love the shoes and actually went back and bought 2 more pairs. A must buy
B00AOE059S looked lil different not used to Puma nonlaced, so just figure that's why little tighter fit than expected. Definately a quick grab shoe.
B00AOE059S They are awsome! They fit comfortly and the style ... They are awsome! They fit comfortly and the style draws alot of attention. I would definately purchase another pair and recomend them to my friends.
B00AOE059S puma slip ons the shoes fit very snug.  I need a shoehorn to get them on but they fit great and are quite comfortable.  They're very light and feel great.
B00AOE059S Great Looking Shoes!!! The shoes arrived on time and after reading several reviews I ended up buying a size bigger and they fit perfectly.  They are very comfortable.
B00AOE059S hoping that they live. Tight fit,  confortable and light. Hope they last bcuz they seem fragile but im gonna trust puma for now. Pliz dont dissapoint
B00AOE059S Nice slip-on sneaker... Considering how hard this style is to find (for men), I am satisfied both with the fit & look.  There are (or were as of 01/2014) plenty of color-combo options to choose from.  For those who may be considering other Puma comparable styles, I bought the Puma Tergament brand slip-on sneakers several years back.  Same size, but the fit was a bit tight on them due to a tapering towards the toe.  I like the OSU style better than Tergament, now that I have worn both.
B00AOE059S fits as expected these shoes fit as expected little tightthey feel nice walking they have more cusion then most shoes they are light
B00AOE059S Fit nice and look great! Light and flex able - by far my favorite cross training shoes!
B00AOE059S Awesome Shoe These shoes are a perfect fit and great comfort. Nice for workouts or a walk. I would highly suggest these
B00AOE059S Great purchase! These shoes look great, fit great and feel great. Super light and comfy. I am on my feet all day and these shoes make it easy. Love 'em!
B00AOE059S Great shoe a bit tight I have the origional osu so I figured these would be the same. They are quite comfortable but a bit tight even a size higher. It could be because there are no laces or straps. Im sure it will strech out. The arch support is great and its a nice feel just a bit tight on the top of the foot .,
B00AOE059S A tickle hard to get on but....... That's to be expected for a slip-on shoe. They fit great despite some reviews that said they were a bit tight. It's the first shoe I ever wore that someone actually asked me where I got them.
B00AOE059S Perfect i Love them, they fit me like a &#34;shoe&#34;.They are better than expected.i Bought them to exercise now i work in them, dont wanna take them off!!!
B00AOMUBGC didn't fit me i don't know why this time this puma shoes did not fit me if i always use them 8.5 they luck very fine.
B00AOMYC2Q Draft 5 Very narrow and tight. Wasn't expecting it to be as tight. When you a pick a size always pick a notch picker
B00AOMYC2Q My shoes is Too tight Hello, I chose this rating, because I follow the conversion table and was too tight - my number in Brazil is 42
B00AOMYC2Q Very snug fit Nice looking shoe but very snug fit. A bit too snug.
B00AOMYC2Q Great shoe I bought these to replace my Drift Cat 4 Ferraris with the alternative closure.Those fit better than the 5, but they're still the most comfortableShoe I've ever bought.
B00AOMZH1Q It didn't fit well It Looked like a bowling/ballet sneaker on my foot. I'm tall and it didn't fit the way i normaly like
B00AOMZH1Q Most stylish shoes for the price I've been a fan of PUMA driving shoes since I bought my first set of PUMA Future Cats in college.  These shoes have rounded heels and super lightweight cushioning designed for driving, but also make them great choice for limited workouts.  They also look fantastic for going out.  Like all PUMA driving sneakers, this model is lightweight, asymmetrical and fit slim.  So make sure you order about a half-size above what you usually wear; they will stretch out nicely and fit your feet over time.
B00AOMZH1Q i like the shoe alot just wish it came in a wide fit. but i love it anyway. i like the style and slickness the design, the soft and cushiony bottom makes a great wear. i would recommend this shoe but as i said wish it came in a wide fit also
B00AONURJ2 Light weight shoe with support I wanted a light weight shoe to wear with Jeans and these shoes work perfectly.  The fit is exactly to size.
B00AONV17Y Fit is a little tight but great looking shoe.  I may have to stretch it out to be able to use it daily. Fit is a little tight but great looking shoe.  I may have to stretch it out to be able to use it daily.
B00AONVA52 tight fit Tight fit. A bit weird looking as well. Wanted to return it, but ran out of time. Now i'm stuck w/ them.I'm size 13. They fit rather tightI'm usually all about Puma, but they missed the mark a bit on these. Probably would get them in black instead of white
B00AONVA52 White Kicks with perfect fit Come on, they are white Puma slip ons... Fit as expected, look as shown nothing to complain about at all.
B00AONVA52 Not a great shoe, looks, fit, or comfort I had to return these shoes.  They were too small, extremely uncomfortable, and on top of that they didn't look very good.
B00AONVA52 Tight instep, otherwise perfect. These look great and fit well with one exception.  As expected, due to the lack of laces the instep is too tight and causes some discomfort.  I have an average instep height so I did not expect to have this issue.  I've stretched out the shoes using various methods but the best solution will have to be to wearing them in until they have molded to the foot.  This is unfortunate but once they are broken in they'll be perfect!
B00AONVA52 Greay shoes I would definitely recommend these shows. They fit well, look great, and are exactly what I was looking / hoping for.They are great driving shoes as they are relatively thin and allow great grip and feel of pedals.
B00AONVA52 Good with flaws I am one of the very few people who actually prefer slip on shoes sneakers. I came on amazon to browse for a slip on sneaker that was all black because it is a very versatile color that looks good with anything you decide to wear for the day. After searching for a while I came across these shoes by puma. From the pictures, it looked very nice so I thought to myself why not try it? Considering Puma is a very reputable brand, I ordered without hesitation.Now when I received the package, and took out the shoes, they looked very stylish. However, looks aren't everything and some aspects of the shoes threw me off right away. First of all the shoes are very light in weight, and feels very flimsy. The entire shoe is made of synthetic leather. There isn't any sole in the middle of the shoes that cause them to bend, which can cause injuries to your foot if you live a very active lifestyle. The grip on the sole is also not very good, it can cause you to slip on wet or slippery floors. My job requires me to constantly move around and I have came across many times where I almost slipped. These shoes also run a little small when it comes to sizing. My shoe size is 11 but I usually wear 11.5 for a little breathing room but at 11.5 size, these shoes were a perfect fit on me. So order half a size larger than your normal size for a comfortable fit.These sneakers are very stylish like I've mentioned before. When you wear them, it feels as if the sneaker is a glove for your feet, giving it a very slim and sleek look. However the fit also becomes another con. I have very slim feet and even for me, the fit of the shoe is way too tight and does cause a tight grip around my ankle, causing pain and discomfort. If you however walk around for a while, the grip tend to loosen up a bit and it becomes quiet comfortable but if you stay idle or sit down, the grip tightens up again causing pain and discomfort.At the end of the day if you have slim feet and looking for a sleek sneaker that will look good with skinny jeans or summer wear, then these are great for you. However if you are looking for a comfortable pair of slip on sneakers or do not have slim feet,  avoid this one because you will be highly disappointed.
B00AONVA52 Good shoes, if you like to slip on and off, great for when visiting Japan. They fit as expected, only because I already knew they come a half size small.That's why I ordered in 11, when I wear a 10 1/2. These are OK, but I like the style Puma discontinued better, black with the white strips, sorry, I forgot the name of that shoe, but it is made better. They arrived on time, so the shipping was good, and I'm sure I'll wear them till I can't.
B00AONVB5G dont hate on my puma The puma's fit and look great! No1 has these shoes where I live, but there asking where I got them at now
B00AONVB5G AMAZING SHOES THEY ARE REALLY COMFORTABLE, FIT EXACTLY AS EXPECTED, GREAT FOR WIDE FEET AND LOOK EXACTLY AS THEY DO HERE. GREAT PURCHASE
B00AONVVMO Awesome driving shoes! My husband loved his new puma shoes. Perfect fit. they have a very sleek look to them and are comfortable to wear everyday.
B00AONW5CO Nice shoes, fit like a glove I was looking for a nice new casual sneak and found these on Amazon. I ordered my usual size and they fit like a glove. The shoes were packaged very nicely and the suede and glossy black textures and offset laces really make for an attractive sneaker. I am thinking about buying a couple more pairs in different colors as they are a great value for the money.
B00AONW9JS Good Design, Bad Fit The shoe looks fine but the fit is very tight if not too small. Also, the toes are very slim, but that may just be my wide feet or something.
B00AONW9JS Puma shoes to small I have three other pair and they fit well Well puma shoes must of made this shoe a tad smaller they didn't fit to tight all over first time this has happened will have to find some one that they will fit
B00AONW9JS great price great pricegreat qualitywill be using these for autocross drivingfits tight on the width but expected from this style of shoe, i bought a half size bigger to compensate.
B00AONW9JS I just wish they'd fit :( My feet were too wide to wear them, but they look amazing!! Just wish they'd fit :(
B00AONW9JS Look nice and after a small break in period, feel great. I have a wider than normal foot which makes shopping for shoes online a bit of a pain. When I first got these shoes I was afraid I was going to have to send them back due to being too tight. However, after relacing them and walking around a bit they started to fit nicely.
B00AONW9JS Beware of sizes I rated this &#34;fit as expected&#34; because this is my 4th pair of these shoes.  Off of standard sizes they do fit a bit snug.  Always best to error on the side of caution and go a half size larger from what you usually wear.
B00AONW9JS not that bad It's a bit smaller than expected, hurts your feet, but not that bad for the price. REcommend +1 for size.
B00AONW9JS Great looking shoes Shoes look good.I am usually a size 11 but ordered 11.5 because I find that Pumas fit a little snug. With the extra length, the shoes fit great.Not a lot of support and I don't use my orthotics in them but they look good. Great driving shoe too.
B00AONW9JS Great looking and fitting shoe I love these shoes.  Pumas are the only shoes I will wear.  They are a slimmer fit so check your sizes.
B00AONW9JS Cool kicks This is a pretty cool pair of casual or driving shoes.  I typically wear a size 12, but need 13s in PUMAs.  I probably wouldn't wear these on days when I have to do alot of walking because they do not provide much support.  Only complaint was that the shoes I got from Amazon were scuffed.  It was too much of a hassle to mail them back since I serve overseas, so I kept them.
B00AONW9JS Shoes great. Perfect. way get a half size bigger when dealing with Puma. Shoes were as expected. Great fit. Quality met expectations. Well worth $42.
B00AONW9JS Not as good as the Ferrari variant. These are cool shoes, but my drift cat 5 Ferraris fit and feel betterThan these; they cost twice as much but it's worth it. Sizing seemsTo be a problem for a lot of people, but if you have thin feet, you'llBe fine. If not, buy a different brand.
B00AONW9JS nice The shoes look really good, only issue is that they're a bit tight for an 11 which is what I usually wear
B00AONW9JS comfortable and durable Quite tight at first which is expected for the particular style but it will conform to your feet after a few wears. It's  body is made of leather, so you will get a nice snug fit.
B00AONWIC6 Great fit! The product was better than I had expected. Fits great, exactly the size I had ordered. Real comfortable to walk in.
B00AONWIC6 I was a bit worried about this new model but I love them! They are a bit narrow, but duh they are pumas; that is how they fit. I almost like these better than my replicats iiis but not quite :)I stretch them out a bit and they are fine. Look great!
B00AONWIC6 Excellent!! GREAT PURCHASE! The sneaker just fit as I was expected are of excellent quality. I recommend them fully ! !
B00AONWIC6 Nice Shoes Pumas are some of my favorite shoes.  I know they tend to run small, especially if you have a wider foot.  I really like the shoes though and would recommend to others.
B00AONWIC6 I love these Pumas Seriously, they're the most comfortable shoes I've ever bought.Size fit as expected.They last 1-2 years with heavy wear and tear.
B00AOOH730 Comfortable low-key shoes I wear either a women's 10.5 or 11; ordered these in an 11 (men's 9.5, I think) and it's a perfect fit. The shoes offer enough support to be comfortable without feeling bulky.
B00AOOH730 What a wonderful classic. What a wonderful classic....they take me back to the days of my youth. I love them, and they fit great! I recommend these to all old-school patrons, you will not be disappointed.
B00AOOH730 Puma's are classic The fit and the look are excellent.And the fact they come with the fat laces took me back to the 80's.Will be purchasing more colors.
B00AOOH730 In my case this nine and one-half shoe fit perfect from the first time I put them on The shoes arrived within the promised time line and in the condition described in AMAZON.  It has been my experience that PUMA shoes are not over or undersized.  In my case this nine and one-half shoe fit perfect from the first time I put them on.
B00AOOH730 Great color, great fit I love it, very comfortable. Got great compliments on it at the office. Only wore it once thus far but they're great shoes.
B00AOOH730 Classic Puma. 'nuff said! This is the classic Puma suede sneaker. Decent quality and fits as expected. I find these shoes are far more fashion than function. They don't have very good arch support and aren't really made for a day full of walking. However, if you need a fresh sneaker to match your outfit for a day of hanging out, then these will work just fine!
B00AOOH730 At least a half a size small They are good looking sneakers but very small and narrow. Had to go through the process of returning them which is a pain. Though Amazon makes it easier. When I finally recieved my 11 I had to buy a support arch because there is no support at all. The shoe laces are long enough to hang yourself with (very bizarre)! I would not recommend these to anyone!
B00AOOH730 Great fit, okay comfort Great fit, but not as comfortable as the Puma S Low city. Looks good and it's a classic, so totally worth it.
B00AOOH730 Comfortable fit! I usually wear a 9 or a 9 1/2 depending on the cut of the shoe and a 9 fit fine. It's a nice show and it felt comfortable right out of the box.
B00AOOK2OG PUMA shoes The shoes are excellent. they are as good as I expected. For that reason I recommend the product. I feel satisfied.
B00AOOK2OG Most comfortable shoes EVEr Shoes fit perfect, are light, nice grip, look great, feel broken in as soon as you put them on. Don't even get that stupid crease in the toe are where shoes bend. They kick ass.
B00AOOK2OG great sneakers I like the way puma's fit.  Plus unlike shoes with air in them they won't go flat.  The only draw back the soul wear out quick.  then they make good aqua shoes, since they are light and fit tight. The real reason I give it 5 stars is.  They keep my socks dry if I run through a puddle.  I been know to leave work mid day because my feet got wet.
B00AOOK2OG PUMA Mexicos Saw these for 25 bucks and couldn't resist picking them up. White leather shoes are my 'go to' and my Diesel solars are just about dead. At any rate, they fit a bit snug. I would go up a half size if it wasn't such a pain to exchange. I put some shoe stretchers in for a few days and they were fine. Haven't worn them much so I can't comment on the durability.
B00AOOL1SC Great shoes Very comfortable, look good, & fit well from when received; no complaints here.
B00AOOL1SC puma suede; fit and function I am grateful that previous purchasers commented on the fit of these shoes.  Through their reviews I was alerted the shoes run a little small.  I therefore ordered a half size larger, and the fit is good.  These shoes are also comfortable and give good support.  These were a good purchase for me.
B00AOOL1SC Love these sneakers Iam a child of the eighties and I relate to these sneakers. Iam glad they still make them. They fit great....
B00AOOZ1OC Very light and just as described. They are very light weight, comfortable more so like walking barefoot. I did have to purchase some arch support for more comfort.
B00AOOZ1OC Nice, but little support I purchased these thinking they were like the Puma Biowebs that I love because of the comfort and back support they provide me. These have a much thinner sole and do not provide the same support. They look great, but they are more of a fashion item
B00AOOZ1OC Fabulous Puma running shoe I bought these for my husband and he loves them. The fit is perfect and he can wear them all day. He also gets a lot of great comments on the bright color. You will love these shoes and I recommend them to all my friends.
B00AOOZ1OC Irritates posterior side of heel This shoe has a lot of things going right, The color, the fit, the feel are all great, except for the back part of the shoe. Wear these shoes for a couple hours and you will have to cover your heel(s) with a band-aid.I would rate these a lot higher, but due to the rubbing of the back part of the shoe, it makes these shoes unfunctional and painful to wear.Overall i would not recommend Faas 100 r Glow Run... I would highly recommend the Bioweb type of Puma shoes
B00AOOZP3Y awesome shoes! I've been looking for these in stores and couldn't find them anywhere. I was skeptical about buying these online just in case they didn't fit well but I took a chance and couldn't be happier. They fit perfectly and feel great. Pumas rock.
B00AOOZP3Y Excellent, but... An excellent, comfortable sneaker.  I replaced the white laces with gray because the white looked too teeniebopper.  My only complaint is that the toes showed creases in the fabric from the beginning.  Just wish the toes stayed rounded.  I've worn these shoes daily, for weeks.  They fit well and remain very comfortable.  But, because of my arches, I've used arch support inserts.
B00AOOZP3Y Casual shoe I was looking for a new casual shoe for spring/summer, the price was great on these.  I've had several pair of Pumas over the years and always happy with them.  Fit was as expected for the size, and there is a bit of an arch but not so bad that it bothers me.  First shoes I bought from Amazon, but I was pretty confident in the fit of Pumas so I took the risk and it worked out.
B00AORB3DW Evospeed 4.2 Amazing shoes for the price. Great fit and durable materials, perfect for those who like having full control on the run.
B00AORB3DW Quite an awesome boot I had read previous reviews on this boot and people were saying this fit much too small, I say this boot fit just as expected to my foot size. I HIGHLY recommend this boot to any that are in wide foot category or like the predator LZ Absolions.
B00AORB3DW RUGBY STAMP OF APPROVAL &#128077; Chose this shoe for my boyfriend because it was on a flash sale for a tad bit cheaper and I had previously lined up this and a few others--one of them a Gilbert, I believe--and an Adidas, just for him to look through and compare then decide. He decided on this one and I planned on getting it later this year before rugby season for an early birthday gift but then there was the sale and there went my money! On to the review.The shoe fit him just a little bit smaller than what I expected, but to him it fit perfectly because he likes his cleats a little tight. He does have wide feet though, so a perfect fit for him IS THIS CLEAT. We also had gotten it a few months ago and it has lasted a bunch of touch rugby practices, so that's a good sign. He shuffles well in them and is quick on his feet, much quicker than everyone expects which may be attributed in part to the awesome cleats and partly because of talent. Keep in mind he is a larger guy. The shoe is beautiful, he colors are bold enough to be seen in the dark practices and there has so far been nothing wrong with them that he can think of. Most of the cleats he gets he &#34;explodes&#34; out of them, quite literally. He tries to fake or shuffle and then boom the cleat has broken and because of this he did want something more durable and was thinking kangaroo leather, but these ones, though not kangaroo leather, have actually lasted, surprisingly. It is also a very light and well-made shoe, so points for that. A star each for fit, style, durability, light weight, and price. All in all, a very good cleat.
B00AORB3DW Good shoes. Different size Very light. My foot ranges from 8.5-9, so judging by other comments I went with a 9. Most people say these run small. Length was an issue for size 9, and the leather is so soft and pliable that I figure the 8.5 will stretch to form my foot even if they are tight at first. For me, a nice tight fit is more important.
B00AORBTZY fit is okay just pick them a little bigger They are very light and comfortable at first they were a little tight but after a day of just wearing them they expanded more and fit a lot better
B00AORBTZY Great Shoes Bought these shoes because my other indoor shoes were out of their lifespan. I love how these fit, they're snug and touching the ball feels nice. They're also light and make for great cuts and agile movements.
B00AORBTZY Perfect fit These athletic shoes should fit perfectly because I use them for playing soccer and running so a good fit is important so my feet are supported correctly.
B00AQ1HX1C Fit great! This shirt fitted as expected. It had a good quality as well as being long enough and it had an overall great fit.
B00AQ1HX1C Great fit When I first held up the jersey it looked roomier than i expected, but when i tried it on, I thought it fit very well. I bought a size small because i don't like my tees loose. this was a good buy.
B00ASRGZEK I have ordered two sets of these socks because he love the snug fit & last a long My son loves the way these socks fit. I have ordered two sets of these socks because he love the snug fit & last a long time
B00AV5J67C beautiful and fit We love this jacket, its colors are fantastic and my nephew looks like a big little boy .. It was like we expected
B00AWDPCR6 Perfect Pumas We love these Puma crib shoes for our baby. Very stylish, great colors and very good fit. He usually tries to take shoes off, but we were able to keep these on him which makes life easier for us parents. Would definitely recommend these shoes :)
B00AWY5TQ4 Very comfortable I purchased these as a gift for my son.  They fit great and are extremely comfortable.  They have a very soft fabric on the inside.  They wash great too.  Very quick delivery.
B00AY6107M Cools shoes, great price, snug fit Title says it all for me. I love the style, the colors and the comfort. A little tight on the fit, hopefully they will stretch a skosh.
B00AY64L1E Fit Never had a shoe fit so well I'll be getting a second pair great sneaker, looks good to the fit
B00AY6NZDE Great shoes These shoes fit exactly as described. Look good too. I would recommend these to anyone except I don't want anyone I know wearing the same shoes
B00AZEAI2G Great workout top Love this new top. Sweat wicking material and fit is great - not too short or too long. Washed well in too. I wish it came in more colors!!
B00B03F8V2 Tight and makes feet sweat They are pretty tight in the upper part. And when you take your shoes off after using them for a day, they produce more smell than other socks. I guess it's the material...
B00B03F8V2 Great Purchase! These are great socks. I bought them for my boyfriend and he loves them. They fit fine and give great support! I will recommend these socks to everyone.
B00B0DHR98 Puma Hard Toe Top quality - comfortable with good arch support.  Wear them all day - no tired feet. Hard toe keeps feet & toes safe.
B00B1E4QSQ Comfortable an supportive They are light, easy to put on, and fit just right! I really like the puma brand and recommend them.
B00B1E4QSQ GREAT SHOES!! I was looking for a great workout shoe for weight training that could easily translate to cardio. These shoes are da'bomb!The fit is really great ~ lacing that allows for adjustments as needed. I am also happy with the curve up in the toe section which is supporting me in my stretches, keeping my calves elongated for my exercise.Besides, they look great! I have received compliments on the appearance and style every day I have worn them!The packaging is also fabulous ~ a shoe bag and partial box, so not so much waste and a handy carrying bag for my trip to the gym.
B00B1E4QSQ Love Them I love the colors the fit, how much more comfortable I feel while exercising. I will totally recommend this shoes.
B00B1E4QSQ Running Shoes Light socks for great fit... Heavy/Thick Socks gives a tight fit. Normal size is a 9,,, but it's best to go a 1/2 (9.5) larger to make sure that they are not too tight.
B00B1E4QSQ Good shoes! Loved them! Nice gym shoes! They fit as expected and are super light on my feet! Best 45.00 bucks I've ever spent!
B00B1E4QSQ A little flat footed. Several reviews I had read stated they run a little small. I wear a 5.5 normally. I ordered a 6 and they fit fine. I agree with ordering 1/2 larger for this style. Not alot of arch support, but comfortable. Kinda like wearing flats.
B00B1E4QSQ Lightweight These shoes look great and fit well. They are lightweight and a little stiff. I bought them for walking and running. I got a heel blister the first time I wore them, but with thicker socks I haven't had any more problems. Good shoe for the price.
B00B1E5NU6 fit as expected I love these shoes, hi-tops are the best models and combine with everything .. quite comfortable to wear them feel. I recommend!
B00B1E5NU6 PUMA is the bomb These PUMA shoes are so cool. They fit me just perfectly right and the colors are really nice. Another must have.
B00B1E5NU6 Great sneeks I love my new sneakers. They fit very well and if I do say so my self they are rad. Keep up the good work of designing great shoes.
B00B1E5NU6 Puma's Sized true, fit well.  Foot did not slip around inside shoe.  Look great and very comfortable.  Grandson very pleased.  He has quite a collection of sneakers and says these are cool!
B00B1OWW50 Great Fit My son is silm and tall and these pants fit wonderful. Great for active wear or just to hang out at the house.
B00B1POIFG Cute, but more green in the back than I had expected. Very cute shorts, fit my 3.5 year old perfectly.  I would recommend these shorts.  They fit my son great.  Thanks!
B00B4ZZWJE Boy likes! My son plays futsal and needed new shoes.  He really likes the style and fit of these pumas.  Hard to know fit when ordering online but these seemed to fit well.  Look for free returns when shopping on line (like these) just in case they don't fit.
B00B500LGC Awesome They are a boys 6.5 not a woman's 6.5. They fit as expected and look amazing. I'd recommend them to anyone.
B00B5013PK Daugher loves it! Not only are the shoes stylish, but they fit great! My daughter is 6 and likes the way they feel when she plays in them.
B00B5013PK Perfect fit and great boot My daughter (5) loves these boots, great fit, they look great and wear well. She had Nikes that were ok, but she prefers these Pumas much more, they fit her feet better and she loves the pink!
B00B5013PK Great deal! Bought these for my daughter when I couldn't find shoes around us.  They fit perfect and my daughter loves them!
B00B50348E Puma every time My 7-year old 'Real Madrid' fan loves these shoes. They have nice rubber cleats with good traction.Fit is for narrower feet, and I wrote &#34;fit as expected&#34; because from experience I know that Pumas tend torun about 1/2-size small.
B00B503JTS great shoes love these shoes my daughter loved them i did get 2sizes biger tho and they fit great she stands out from other kids on the field i did
B00B503JTS LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these cleats! I absolutely love these cleats! I ordered them half a size larger than I would buy my sneakers, as they are typically a skinnier type of shoe and they fit perfect!
B00B532Q26 Fit great, look beautiful! I bought them a size too big so that they would last all year for her. They look beautiful and fit great.
B00B532Q26 Cute - a bit small. My 2.5 year old has chunky feet and these shoes, although good in length, are somewhat challenging to actually get on his foot because they are a little tight.  He seems to like them and doesn't have a problem or ever complain.  The blue and yellow colors are really cute and they move well with little toddler feet.
B00B5ED00C PUMA is great once again I have never had a problem with any shoes from PUMA, and this time they have outdone themselves. This shoe is wonderfully comfortable as it is stylish for those of us who love red shoes. I forget I am wearing them because they are so comfortable, and I have foot problems that range from severely flat feet to early arthritis, so my feet ache nearly all the time, but surprisingly, they do no ache at all when I am wearing these. I am able to walk, run and do anything in these sneakers. I absolutely love them and recommend them to any lady who is looking for a comfortable sneaker that has great grip, stylish look and comfortable fit.
B00B5EDEZI Fantastic work shoes! I thought about giving these shoes 4 stars as I did add insoles in them, and they run a little small... but as long as you account for both of these factors when purchasing they are fantastic sneakers!  I work in health care and stand most of the day, can't get over how comfortable these are.  The texture of the sole of the shoe cushions extremely well, feels like walking on air.  They have continued to look new even after a few weeks of solid wear and various fluid exposures at work.Only recommendations are: Buy a half size bigger than you usually wear.  And the insoles in the shoe do not come out, but you can easily fit firm soles inside to provide additional arch support.Love these shoes and am planning on buying a second pair shortly.
B00B5EDEZI LOVE these I bought these for my 11 year old daughter, they fit perfectly and she loves them so much, so cute and great price!
B00B5EDEZI So cute! Bought my size and they are a perfect fit! On my feet, running all day.....LOVE the arch support! Very comfortable! Great shoe!!
B00B5GEZG8 Arrived as expected...in a box that had a $35 clearance sticker!!! Even though the Sneakers arrived as expected and the size fit, I was surprised to see a $35 clearance sticker on the original PUMA box. ($64.99 original price). Just a bad feeling that I got tricked...Edit: Excellent customer service!
B00B5GEZG8 Great Love the shoes!! They look just like the photo and fit just fine. My son loved the shoes and he gets compliments on them.
B00B5GFP62 Five Stars Perfect fit /love them /they look awesome!!!
B00B5HUIO0 snug fit..cozy low top my son loves them....they fit was snug with great cushion on the bottom. This shoe matches every outfit which I love...he can wear crazy shirts from grandma and have a neutral shoe
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoe My son loves his pumas he has a wide foot and these fit him very nicely great suede feel just like the adult version wish they made adults with Velcro
B00B5HUIO0 super cute! Bought these for my 3 year old - he loves them! Can put them on and off by himself. He has a pretty wide foot and these fit great.
B00B5HUIO0 very satisfied These shoes are awesome. They fit well and give my grandson the arch support he needs. The velcro closing is easier for him at this age and time. And for me too!
B00B5LHG82 love it puma is my favorit brand for sport cloths my kid like this shoe and it was fit as expected :)
B00B5W0UUW Great shoes My daughter loves these shoes - the fit is great very comfortable and the style is awesome. Would order again
B00B5W0UUW LOVE LOVE LOVE I love how sparkly and shiny the silver and pink are on these shoes. They fit well and are easy for my daughter to put on by herself.
B00B5W0UUW Great shoes Bought these for my granddaughter. She loves them and call them her magic shoes. Great fit and very well made.
B00B5W0UUW She loves these shoes I'm actually happy that the shoes fit somewhat small, because my granddaughter isn't quite into a size 8 shoe yet, and these fit really well.  She loves the shiny silver, and I love that the soles aren't really thick, so they're easier to walk in.  My granddaughter is 2, and I'm very pleased with the way she looks in and responds to these shoes.
B00B5W0UUW Love the fit Love them. They are more supportive than expected. They fit well. My daughter has narrow feet. She gets Lots of compliments!
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable and Supportive I am very pleased with the size fit on these; I finally have a pair of crosstrainers that actually fit me. Lightweight, too.
B00B7LUG00 So cushy, very comfortable! Really enjoying these shoes, very comfortable and &#34;cushy&#34; all around my feet.  They feel almost like moon shoes if that makes any sense.  Snug fit overall, very nice to jog in, gave these Pumas a try for about $55 and don't regret it one bit.  No complaints, they fit my big feet just right.
B00B7LUG00 perfect fit Sizing wise, these fit perfectly to my size foot. As far as comfort goes, they are quite comfortable for a few hours on your feet. I bought them because Im on my feet all day for work and they feel nice and comfy until about half way through the day. I would say if you're buying these to workout/ go for a run or walk, these can't be beat but if you're on your feet all day, they are just ok.
B00B7LUG00 Souls were much too hard. Personally I need a softer shoe for my exercise shoes and these were not a good fit.  At this point I know to avoid Pumas in the future.
B00B7LUG00 Good  shoe but not great. I'm a New Balance wearer but I've wanted to try Puma's for sometime mainly because of their style options and colors.  I got these as a cross training shoe for basic workouts and I usually wear a 9 1/2 and I'm flat footed.  I tried the 9 1/2's but were a bit snug in the arch area so I got a 10.  They fit o.k. but not great and cushioning and heel support is good but not as great as I expected.  Next time I may try the Faas series which I've read provide more support for those with flat feet.
B00B7LUG00 Love it Shoes fit just right and colors are great.
B00B7LUG00 Hello Puma! I have always been an Adidas tennis shoe fan because of the fit, but could not pass up on the price and style of these grey Puma's. I am thrilled on how light and comfortable they are and the fit is right on.
B00B7LUG00 I love these sneakers! I only wear Puma sneakers and these fit perfectly!They are so comfortable which is a plus because I work on my feet all day.
B00B7LUG00 awesome shoes!!! There everything I had hoped for! Great fit and performance. Even better quality than expected and the color scheme is awesome!!!
B00B7LUG00 Fantastic all around shoe! Awesome shoes! You might want to go down a half size. I'm not much of a runner but I decided to try them out and I ended up running 7 miles in them. I had no blisters by the end up of it. They provide excellent support as well.
B00B7LUG00 Comfortable shoes The shoes are comfortable and they provide good support for my son's daily walks. They fit as expected. The color is great.
B00B7LUG00 Great deal for a nice shoe! Great sneakers and @ $36 it's a no brainer! They retail up to $100 and although I wouldn't spend $100 on any sneaker I could see someone pay that for them. They fit and feel like a $100 sneaker! Fits as expected and not too narrow like some Puma's as I have a somewhat wide foot and light w/good arch support. I wear them with jeans, with shorts or to the gym.
B00B7LUYFC Love them Shoes can be tricky when you buy them on line, but these worked out for me. I run and do a lot of cross fit and these take the beating. They have good cousin and I think they look pretty cool. The price was what sold me on the originally, but now that I have them I would have been willing to pay a little more for them.
B00B7LUYFC nice cross trainers I bought these shoes because of the brand and price.they fit nicely and are light weight.they look very stylish in the grisaille color i choose.the shoe has a lite orthopedic insole.when laced up they fit great and our not to tight and very comfortable to wear when doing my workouts.I would recommend this brand to anybody looking for nice and affordable shoe.
B00B7LUYFC comfort Very comfortable shoe. I would recommend these shoes to all my friends. Extremely stylish. I would buy these shoes again.
B00B7LUYFC Better than expected! Good and comfortable. Feels great running and seem very durable. I would recommend to anyone interested in cross training shoe.
B00B7LUYFC Nice! When I first fit them I was dissapointed due are not confortable, but after use it twice it fit perfectly and are nice looking.Nice shoes, however not sure if the are really designed to run. I use them on the gym and for walk and I'm really happy with them.
B00B7LUYFC puma mens NICE and comfortable cross-training shoe, arrived as expected on time, colors are bright and shining. Do recommend the product ok
B00B7LUYFC love 'em these shoes are perfect for the price. I wish all shoes were this cheap & fit as nice as these do
B00B7LV8V6 Love these shoes! I ordered a half size up as recommended and they fit great! Love the color and the fit. Very breathable material that will be great for hot summer days. Would buy them again!
B00B7LV8V6 Very comfortable! Read reviews to go up 1/2 size, which I did and the shoes fit perfectly and are very cute and comfortable.
B00B7LV8V6 super comfortable, easy fit flats I usually struggle to find flats because the back of most shoes rubs against my heel. For a while, I was wearing leather flats with elastic around the edges, which helped with fit, but was uncomfortable for walking more than a couple of blocks. I needed something more casual that I could use to walk 1-2 miles/day to commute to and from work. I bought 2 pairs of these flats and love them. The fit is very comfortable, sort of like a slipper, and I've received several compliments on the look. I'm not a huge fan of the fabric, though; it's basically mesh, which is obviously not water resistant when outside, and the material isn't very breathable, meaning hot feet when inside. Regardless, these are some of my favorite shoes for casual wear.
B00B7LV8V6 Great fit Fit is excellent, I can walk all day. Easy for traveling, style with everything...I love to style.Airport removal was very easy & convenient.
B00B7LVA8C Awesome Shoe that Looks Great with Everything! I loved these shoes! Fit and looked amazing until I lost them; Long story haha. Definitely worth purchasing :)
B00B7LVTOC Classic sneaker. The sneaker was everything I expected, great look and feel, fits true to size. Ordering process was simple and easy and delivery was quick.
B00B7LY4HQ Good fit, very stylish These are the best looking running shoes I've ever had. There is a subtle sheen all around that is not quite visible in the photo, but catches the light nicely. Not as much arch support as I'd like, and not as comfortable as the more expensive brands, but okay for the gym or jogging.  Long distance runners will probably want a sturdier sole.
B00B7LY4HQ Were not as I expected. I expected these to be as good as the pair of Puma's I have.  They were no where near as I expected.  I returned them for credit.
B00B9ZDQA6 Fits and looks great I ordered these shoes for my son. He loves them. They look terrific and are light. He says they fit well.
B00B9ZDQA6 If they only made the shoe to fit did I mention two narrow, after I finally got the right size: the width was so tight that I finally gave up. The style, the construction look great, but for me, if they don't fit you must quit.
B00BAXWTT6 Decent quality, perfect fit for a wide foot My boy loves them. I don't let him wear them all the time for fear they may get scratched (the surface looks as if it could be scraped off easily). He has quite a wide, flat foot and it is not easy to find something that fits and is comfortable for him. This sneaker fits the bill. Not to mention the velcro that he can do himself.
B00BAYYE2K Great fit and comfortable Just as I predicted the sole is sturdy and great for an active child. It gives more versatility when running, jumping, and climbing. This makes for an overall good buy.
B00BAZGA8A Sparkly! So cute and a perfect fit. Super shiny and girly. Great price for a puma. Look very expensive... Just like the pic
B00BBXN0RK Cute for Kids This fit just as expected. Maybe a little snug, but that's seems to be the same for any &#34;workout&#34; style clothing.
B00BVYTZLO they fit perfectly it fit perfectly, good for any activity, with tennis shoes or just around the house. overall great product and price.
B00BVYU130 Comfortable These Puma socks are comfortable and just the right fit. The amount of padding is just right to give comfort without making the fit tight.
B00BYKA6OA Great fit! I wear a size 14 men's shoe and these fit perfect!  They reach just to the ankle and are very comfortable.
B00C1LN7ME Great purchase I thought I may have to give up some comfort for style. These fit better than I had expected. I am very happy with my purchase and with using Amazon.
B00C5UN1C2 The fit was just right The shoe is a good fit, and I'm very satisfied.
B00C5UNM0I Just right. Fit as expected.  Not the most comfortable pair of shoes I've owned, but good for casual days, once in a while I guess.
B00C5UPFPS AMAZING LOOK THIS SNEAKER IS AWESOME LOOKING AND BLOWS AWAY ALL THE OTHER NONSENSE NAME BRAND CRAP OUT THERE FROM NEW B TO NIKE ,, THEY ARE THE COOLEST I LOVE THEM ,, I ONLY WISH THE PRICE LITTLE CHEAPER ,,THEY REALLY ARE SO COOL AND THEY FIT SNUG,, I HIGHLY RATE THEM 5 STARS
B00C5UPFPS Just what I expected I'm very satisfied with my purchase. They look great, fit great and are overall just perfect shoes for good money.
B00C699NTC Nice look, comfortable, good fit. I liked the look of these shoes and was not in the least disappointed. They're comfortable and fit very well.
B00C699NTC nice shoes Fit nicely, they are very light and comfortable to wear around all day.  I would buy these again as they are more comfortable then most of the sneakers I have.
B00C6AH8J8 Four Stars Great fit
B00C6AH8J8 love the fit of puma For some reason, I've always shied away from the brands (nike, reebok). These pumas just conform to my feet like no other shoe.
B00C6BOILS Solid Shoe I knew Pumas ran tight, and have almost the exact same style in red (except it's suede in the front and has a leather strap across the top, slip-on style) which fit well. I ordered the same size, and found that this shoe fits slightly looser...so I would suggest ordering .5-1 size down from usual.As usual, Pumas fit narrow.
B00C6BPP10 They are okay I wear between an 8.5 and 9 and never know how each pair of shoes will fit. These are a little big on me and I purchased a size 9 but they still fit good enough to keep them.
B00C6BPP10 Your Standard Pumas Just what you would expect.  Clean simple style, slightly snug fit, and average comfort.  Nothing stupendous here, just a good shoe at a good price.
B00C6BPP10 Fits a tiny bit small I bought these in the same size as my Adidas and they are just a tiny bit smaller. They still fit fine and are holding up great so far. I definitely prefer the styling and fit of Adidas but you can't beat these for the price.
B00C6BPP10 Four Stars Fit a little to tight with socks but I like them.
B00C6BPP10 great shoes Outstanding retro shoes, i get compliments every time i wear them. Very comfortable but were a bit smaller than expected.
B00C6BPP10 Sizing Issue I bought another puma of a similar design and though that one was a bit tight in the fit, this one was very tight....PUMA needs to work in their consistency in this area.
B00C6BTJUS Snug fit but that's Puma's Puma's have always fit snug and I almost forgot. I wear 8.5 but got 9 and they fit Snug. Couple of wears should break them in. Look is nice with jeans and the casual look and comfy. Delivery was quick. I like these 4 sure!
B00C6BTJUS Overall great shoe I am very satisfied! Everything is perfect except that the front toe area is a little shallow and my big toe presses up against the top. Received the item sooner than expected, amazing customer service as usual!
B00C6BTJUS My wide foot I was looking for a Puma with a bit more formality, something that I could get away with at work (semi-corporate). The styling of the shoe is great, but the sizing is wrong for me. I've got the EL ACE twice before in an 11.5, and it's a perfect fit. For some reason on the EL ACE 3 an 11.5 isn't big enough for me. I've tried to work them in, but the rubber band that now reaches to the sole of the shoe, doesn't stretch and hold that expansion. It bounces back, so working them in isn't working out for me. I can fit it, but not necessarily comfortably.
B00C6BUJDY Luv them Fits as I expected  ..... Feels good & I just luv my new puma wedge reptile shoes ... A great buy
B00C6BUJDY Style meets comfort! These shoes fit better than I expected.  I ordered a half size larger based on other reviews and they fit perfectly. I love the look and they are very comfortable!
B00C6BUJDY Love them! I love these shoes and get tons of compliments on them. I wear a 7 1/2 and it fit great! Look great too!
B00C6BUJDY In love! I love these wedge sneakers. They fit perfect and look so nice. Definitely a great buy coz I see myself wearing these a lot this spring/summer.
B00C6BUJDY love them It fits good and I just love the shoe. Did I mention very comfortable, and the sneaker came on the exact day as expected.
B00C6BUJDY Pleasantly surprised. I ordered a size larger to have room for arch inserts, but they fit perfectly without the inserts.I am very pleasantly surprised at the comfort. Even after 4 hours on my feet, they were super comfy and supportive.I really like these shoes!
B00C6BUJDY Awesome shoes These shoes are cute and comfy. Love the extra laces with it and it doesn't make my feet look big.
B00C6BUJDY Great sneaker First time using sneaker wedges and was pleasantly surprise at how much I really liked them. They fit amd feel great.  I've gotten lots of compliments!
B00C6BUJDY My new favorite shoes! &lt;3 I was so excited when I ordered these wedges! They are really comfortable and they fit nice. I ordered a size 8 in black and that's what I normally wear shoe-wise. What really surprised me was when I opened up the package, they gave me hot pink laces for both shoes :D (which gives the shoes an extra pop for their style). I was very pleased, and I would definitely recommend these shoes to anyone. This is awesome and I would go back to this seller and purchase more stuff from them.
B00C6BUJDY Stylish and Comfortable I absolutely and positively love love my shoes.  I wear a size 6.5 B and they are a perfect fit!! All Smiles!!
B00C6BUJDY great fit everyone wants to know where I purchased the shoes.  I love them and enjoy all the attention that I am getting!
B00C6BUJDY Love my shoes Love my pumas they are what I expected and even more. I've been receiving so many compliments on my shoes.
B00C6EVTUS arch hits way back on the foot - not at all comfortable I own two other pair of puma shoes, one of which is a sneaker not too different from this one, so I wasn't worried about ordering this shoe in the same size. i thought it would fit.  It is not one bit comfortable.  I have always thought my arches were in a pretty typical spot on my foot.  In these shoes, there is an arch support, but it is further back than in any other shoe I've ever tried. About an inch further back toward the heel than i expected.  Otherwise, this shoe is the exact right size (length and width), just what I had expected.  I ordered this hoping for a lightweight shoe that would be comfortable in warm weather.  It's not comfortable as is, and I'm thinking if i add an extra insole of some sort, it won't be as lightweight as i'd like it to be.  I'll have to return it.
B00C6EVTUS snug fit love the leopard print and bright fushia but they fit a bit small I normally wear an 8 but 8.5 fit snugly
B00C6EW87G Love them! The shoes are lightweight and flexible but still provide great support to my high arches. I hate wearing be bulky tennis shoes but these are prefect.
B00C6EW87G Great for indoor training... Order a size up ! It fit as expected after reading the reviews!!! But I LOVE these shoes for going to the gym... I would not do an outdoor run in them, but for gym purposes they are AWESOME !!!They run small like reviews posted... I normally wear a 7 (sometimes 7.5 depending on style), I ordered an 8, perfect fit!
B00C6EW87G too small for a 6.5 shoes are very thin and light weight, but fit too tight for a 6.5. I would not recommend this item
B00C6EW87G They'll do I &#34;needed&#34; a casual athletic shoe and did not want a clunky sneaker.  I've been searching and searching for a replacement of my old Pumas that are so worn that they give me plantar fasciitis when I wear them (but they still look fantastic; so hard to part with them...).These are just fine.  They're not my old Pumas (alas), but they'll do.  They fit my flat, narrow foot very well.  I love the low profile and cushioned footbed.  The design is actually subtle, not obnoxious to me.Only thing: the back rubs on my Achilles as I walk.  I hope that stops.  Nothing a bit of moleskin can't fix.
B00C6EW87G Love them!! The shoes were a tad small when I first got them but I think they have stretched out since then and are quite comfortable. I am always getting complements on these at work and I love how they feel like I'm almost walking barefoot. Great shoes but perhaps not such a great fit if you are on your feet all day.
B00C6EW87G These are not what I was expecting at all. These shoes have no arch support nor do they have a sole. The arch is all fabric. I These shoes have no arch support nor do they have a sole. The arch is all fabric. I had to put them right back in the box. They are also way to small fitting. I am only keeping these as a gym shoe and climbing shoes. The only plus is how they look.
B00C6EW87G Was a little shocked... When I received the shoes they look so small I initially was hesitant in putting them on, but I did and they fit perfectly and felt very comfortable. They look and feel super light weight. Happy with my purchase.
B00C6EW87G Love 'Em I'm always looking for shoes that are flat and &#34;sleek&#34;--these fit the bill!  They are very light, soft, and comfortable.  I was glad I had read reviews to know that they run a tad bit on the small side.  I wear 9 1/2 or 10, so I knew I would order a 10 and they fit perfectly!
B00C6EW87G Get 1/2 size larger I love these shoes! They are so cute! The sole is very thin and it feels like you are walking bare foot. I wouldn't wear them when you know you have a lot of walking to do. They are super lightweight and very breathable. I read over the reviews and noted that lots of people needed bigger sizes. I usually wear a 6.5 but got a 7 and they fit great! They felt tight around the bridge of my foot when I put them on but loosening the strings did the trick! Overall they are a very cute shoe for quick outings and are relatively comfy.
B00C6EW87G Better than I thought I was nervous when I purchased it. Thought it was not as the picture. Turned out that the size 9 fit perfectly and feels great on your feet. Great workout shoes
B00C6EW87G Light Weight Great shoe. I&#8217;m so thankful that the reviews said to order half size larger. I did just that and the shoes are a perfect fit. Light weight easy to slip on and off.
B00C6EW87G Good luking shoes nice shoes.. just lil tight, ordering one size bigger than wat u wear wud have been better.... overall nice pair
B00C6EW87G Better looking than fit. Not enough foot support. Outer soles style without  arch area made the shoe roll out to outer  side of foot.A bit wide in fit and again like most styles today, the lift in toe area causes foot problems for me.What makes manufacturers think a lifted toe area is a healthy design? I wish this ends soon. Big difference between lifted toe area and a thicker sole with the curved up toe so to hold foot in natural position. These designs have caused foot problems that are irreversible.
B00C6EW87G So cute but horrible fit. Short story: DEFINITELY go up a half size.  Invest in insoles if you're concerned about comfort.Long story:  I have a narrow foot and have worn plenty of pumas before.  I read the reviews that said these run very small but still decided to go for a 10 (my actual size) because most pumas I've had have actually been too big.  So I assumed between the tendency to run large and this particular style being too small I'd come out on the winning end.WRONG.I've never had a shoe hurt THE SECOND I put it on.  The left shoe sharply rubbed the back of my ankle with the very first step I took.  I have flat feet but these have NO support whatsoever.  I can't imagine walking long distances or spending a day at the zoo in these shoes.  (Maybe with insoles.)  These are more like slip-ons to wear out for a quick errand.  Almost like a fancy flip flop.But in true woman's fashion they really are the cutest shoes I've purchased in a long time so I'll be keeping them.  I've been all about comfort for a long time and most of my shoes are a pretty homely reflection of that. Fortunately I bought them while the weather is cold so I can spend some time breaking them in around the house.  (They're also VERY lightweight - which I expected - but they cannot/should not be worn in cold, wet weather.  Yeah, these shoes are pure profit for Puma.)
B00C6EW87G Comfortable but no support Fashionable, comfortable but no support
B00C6EXR76 Comfortable fit These shoes are comfortable .... Good to use while workin or exercising. Very comfortable .. Feels like you are walkin on air.
B00C6F6BYQ Love Them I love these shoes.  Puma has really stepped their game.  The fit perfect.  If you are a sneaker fanatic, you will definitely like these.
B00C6FBWX6 Puma cross-training shoe I love my shoes the color combo and they are very comfortable while i'm taking my cross-fit classes , especially love the prompt delivery.
B00C6MI48A The Fit! Good sock but, it's fit is not really that good if you have a smaller foot size. The sock comes up my calf way to far, I was hoping to ware them with shorts this summer and I will have to fold them over and look like a 50's &#34;BobbySocker&#34;
B00C7GKY06 Puma outfit The Puma outfit fit the 12 month old as expected.  His mom did not like thematerial but I did and he looks adorable in it.
B00C7L3868 cute! Purchased as soccer shorts for my 4 yr old. Fit as I expected but I will need to purchase compression shorts to wear underneath.
B00C7L3868 PUMA Girls 2-6X Foldover Core Short I was happy these fit perfectly for my tall and thin 3.5 yr. old.  I was hoping they would fit her with room to grow being that it has an elastic band that can be folded over or not.  She needs them to be folded over for them to fit her right now.
B00C7MVJEU Feed Back i bought 3T and it perfectly fit my child as expected and the picture is exact replica of what i bought.It is good material.
B00C7MVPZS Great Really liked these. Fit great, looked great, my daughter loves them. They do have rhinestones on them which i didnt realize, but it was a bonus!
B00C7MYLHW Love these! These pants are so cute on my daughter. She loves them and they fit her great. She is short and chubby so it is so hard to find pants that are big enough but not too long. These fit great and she is super comfortable in them.
B00C7OJMBU Really cute! The fit is just as expected!  It is a little tight in the sleeves, but I think it is designed that way.  It is somewhat sparkly, which my 5 year old loves!!  Very nice quality!
B00C7VHPY4 Snug It's nice to fit into something that is so comfortable. What a great gift this was. And on sale too!
B00C7VHPY4 Super sweatshirt This was a gift for my son.  It has ended up being his favorite.  He says it's extremely warm and the fit is perfect.
B00C7VHPY4 Great Jacket! Great fit and very warm, perhaps too warm but if used in the wrong weather.
B00C9CRQCW Fit like a glove. Fit like a glove and they're adorable. Bought them for my sister who loves yoga and she said she liked them because you could wear them out without looking ridiculous. Practical.
B00C9CRQCW FIT GREAT! I would recommend these to others. They fit great, Im 5'7&#34; and pretty curvy and I got the XL they go all the way to my ankles and covere my butt. I didnt know if they would be see through or not, good thing they are not (=
B00C9IT5WK Great purchase Great pants, exactly what I expected. The price was also great and very affordable. Glad I ordered them when I did because price went back up
B00CAJRVII Boys red leather Pumas These shoes were wonderful and the fit is true to fit. My son loved them! I think I'll definitely be buying another pair when he outgrows these.
B00CAJRVII Great fit - Easy On/Off My 3 year-old has lots and lots of shoes, but when allowed to choose, chooses these most of the time.  Very happy with the fit, price, quality and ease of use for toddler shoe skills.
B00CAJSUKG Great Just received the shoes. Felt in love as soon as I opened the box. Great quality and fit. Very comfortable!
B00CAJT9OW WE LOVE IT!!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH WE LOVE THEM!!!!!! AND THEY FIT AMAZING. MY SON WANTS TO WEAR THEM ALL THE TIME =)
B00CAJT9OW Great fit!! Couldn't have fit any more perfect than they did! We will be buying more of this brand in the future!!
B00CAJVONQ Great shoes Shipping was fast with the free 2day shipping Amazon Prime. They fit spot on. In general Puma's are narrow, but they still fit well and are very comfortable. I plan to buy another pair in a different color.
B00CAJXM0Y I LOVE these shoes I LOVE these shoes.  I know Pumas tend to run large so while I normally wear a size 9, I ordered these in 8.5 and they fit perfect.  They're a very flexible shoe with a lot of cushion in the heel and a good arch support.  The color is an awesome purple and the white accents on the Puma logo and the side swoosh glow in the dark.  The purple rubber on the heel glows in the dark as well.  I don't run, I just bought these for walking around (because they look so cool!) & they're great.
B00CAJY7SK Snazzy Sneakers The Puma Future Cat line fits squarely in the "fashion sneaker" category and should not be confused in any way as an athletic shoe. They are more or less equivalent to an upscale Converse All Star, fine for loafing around but offering none of the attributes of contemporary athletic footwear, like arch support, ventilation panels or high traction souls. But as fashion sneakers go, they are among the sleekest, with sort of a European design sensibility, as evidenced by the unconventional asymmetrical lacing (offset toward the outside of each foot). The fit is quite good, with generally soft slipper-like leather uppers. The  tongue is somewhat stiff, which some people might not like. The low profile sole offers almost no traction, and allows the wearer to feel every irregularity of the pavement.I bought the shoes to use on my bicycle which has toe clips and straps. The offset laces keep them out of the chain rings and the generally smooth contours make it easy to get in and out of the straps. The soft soles allow me to feel the ridges of the pedals which on longer rides can get annoying, but on the whole they are exactly what I wanted and have proved both suitable and stylish - they even have the Ferrari logo and a small swatch of the Italian flag on the back!I'm quite happy with the shoes, and they fulfill the need for which I bought them very well. Those needing more support, traction or ventilation would be advised to look elsewhere. These are strictly for those seeking an elegant shoe to bum around in.
B00CAJZ248 Not for me. They fit well but caused me foot and back pain. Apparently they have no arch support. I had to return them.
B00CAJZDHY Love these shoes! If you have flat feet or issues with your arches falling this is the absolute perfect shoe. That have excellent arch support and that's a problem I've had since I was a kid. I wear a size ten and bought it a half size larger and it fits beautifully. More than that, I never have foot pain after exercising and I do powerwalking/jogging. That used to be a major problem for me. I highly recommend.
B00CAK38DY Nice shoes Good fit but maybe next time ill get a half size larger due to wider foot but they fit good
B00CAK38DY Very painful pinch due to trim on shoe not size I was disappointed to have to return these shoes, because I have very high arches and the arch support was great. Unfortunately, the trim on the outer side of the shoe was so uncomfortable that I had to take them off within 5 minutes and all I did was walk a few feet from living room into kitchen. My foot was throbbing for quite a while afterwards. I have very sensitive feet, so they might fit someone else better. It was so easy to return that I recommend trying them to decide if they are for you. I it a nice looking shoe; better looking than pictured.
B00CAK38DY strange design I thought it was more of a barefoot shoe, but it felt very stiff and strange footbed.  Uncomfortable and larger than expected.  I had to return them which was easy thanks to Amazon Prime.
B00CAK4PVI Very nice, fit as expect Very nice , fit as expect, my son love it!!
B00CAK67V4 Not sure how genuine this product is. Would NOT recommend. I've been buying this shoe for a number of years. I love Puma Janine Dance. I don't know what is wrong with these, but they are awful. No arch support and horrible structure lead to back pain after only a few hours on my feet. Puma Janines are great. Whatever these are, are horrid. They are pretty, however.
B00CAK6FVQ Wunderbar!!! These shoes are comfortable, sneakers, yet fashion forward and have some height in the sole! Not a wedge sneaker, but not a flat one either. They were soft and flattering, I feel as though I could wear them for days on end. Fit and comfort are a matter of opinion sometimes- another person said they were flat and stiff, or uncomfortable or something like that. I got them in the gorgeous green color, not to preform sports or exercise in them, but for a cute, comfortable, functional sneaker. I plan to get them in another color, they're so nice. I also have nice, flat, narrow feet, so perhaps for someone with arched feet or a wider foot, they could be potentially uncomfortable? Perhaps it is something to take into consideration, but then again you could always just send them back, or try a different size...
B00CAK6FVQ tight on the toes I LOVE the look of these shoes but I wore them around the house for about 30min while I was getting ready to go to dinner and they were so tight on my toes that they started to lose circulation. Im a &#34;no pain no gain&#34; kinda girl but only to a point. These shoes are just too stiff and too tight in the toes. They are a very narrow shoe also but with thin socks I was able to fit in them width wise. If they didnt hurt my toes I wouldve kept them. They are super cute and the foot bed is very well cushioned.
B00CAK8MW6 Love it! This tennis shoes are pretty and very comfortable. They run thru size and are as expected. I just love it!
B00CAK9ABI Great fit and look Second pair of these particular shoes I have brought in the past two months (different colors) I love the style and fit of these which are by far some of the most comfortable sneakers I've had.
B00CAK9ABI Cheap, good things Shoe is very good and fit.  My husband liked it.good things, the price is very affordable.The packing is OK
B00CFF6E44 Would recommend these These are a very Nice fabric, and a good fit. My daughter loves these leggings! I would definitely recommend them.
B00CN5B8BA puma pant set Looks great on my granddaughter, fit very well.
B00CN5B8BA Puma Track Suit 3t Love this suit!!!  Fit a little big on my 3 year old but she is smaller than she should be (slightly) so I expected and she will grow into it soon. I think she look awesome in this and the colors pop which makes her happy! Great for gym class or for daycare or any play date. Cheaper than other sites I have seen online.
B00CN5BG9Y Very cute, but smaller than I expected. I bought this for my daughter to wear over her leotard for ballet/gymnastics. It does collect fuzz/dog hair more than I would like and it fits smaller than I expected. She just turned three but is still easily in a 2T, and this 2T fit snug and short in the arms/waist. She won't be in it long, I think.
B00CN5BRSE Love the colors This outfits image is accurate. The jacket fits fine, the pants are a little long and seem to not have a tall enough waist. She has a really hard time keeping them up and it's not so much that they don't fit as she cant pull them up high enough. Kind of disappointed she can't wear this as much as I had hoped.
B00CN5CI9G very good I bought u.s polo Assn. Girl 5y size.Very good and excellent!!!Fit as expected.My doughter like this oneBut this one is a little thin
B00CN5CI9G amazing bought this for my daughter and it fit her like a glove. she looked like a mini adult.great size and couldn't be happier.
B00CN5CI9G strange fit adorable top top is absolutly stunning. so i read feedback and bought mainly for that. as size 6 would fit top for 5 \6 year old,but pants would have to wait till she turn 7.
B00COJYZXS Good fit Receive the shoe on time ,it fit at I expected .Overall the shoe fit and comfortable .Can expected more with that price!
B00CWL2EWC Excellent The product arrived quickly. It's an excellent and beautiful product as I expected. I recommend to all. Fit as i expected.
B00CWL2EWC Puma I love these shoes, very comfortable and I get lots of compliments. I wear 7.5 and ordered 7.5 and they fit perfect.
B00CXE2S56 Michael's review nailed it. Athletic Cut. I love Puma, am 6'6", usually take large, this one *definitely* was XL for me I love the tight fitting athletic cut of Puma, and I love the quality of these America's Cup shirts. It's easily my favorite, and I am only writing a review because I came back to look for a backup.  One of my favorite shirts I have ever owned.  At 6'6&#34;, the XL is still a perfect athletic tight fit, and it's even long enough that it doesn't feel like one of those short shirts I am always trying to pull down.  If you are a bit chunkier, this might feel quite tight, I imagine.
B00D9M3CFQ Typical Ill fitting garments For the bigger than average fit male in the U.S. these clothes continue to disappoint.  Even after ordering an XXXL the fit is now ok in the shoulders but it is length for someone maybe 5'5&#34;.  They cannot get these logo shirts correct.
B00D9P01XO Five Stars Great Fit And Materials.
B00DBDVDA4 MUCH MUCH BIGGER These socks are no were near small enough to fit a person with shoe size 6...I wear 9.5 and the heal of these socks is on my Achilles tendon! I don't recommend those to a friend.
B00DBDVDA4 Great Socks!! Super high quality! I have PF and these socks are a nice tight fit and give me a little bit of extra support that i need.  I wear a size 12 so if you have a smaller shoe size you experience may differ.  They are comfortable and high quality.  I have about 50 pairs of socks of all different varieties, but i always look for the Puma socks in the drawer because they fit so well.
B00DBDVDA4 Great fit and feel! Bought these for my husband as I also had bought him a new pair of  crossing training shoes he loves the fit,feel and quality of the sock especially the height of where it hits the ankle.
B00DBDVDA4 Great socks,,,, Love em!!! Fit great, don't slide down in my shoes while running, feet stay dry......will buy more when I need them. Very nice quality
B00DHJQ39S Great Women's Golf Shoe They are comfortable and very fashionable. I normally wear a 7 or 7 1/2 and I purchased a size 7 1/2 which fit great. I would highly recommend these.
B00DHJQ39S Great Lightweight Golf Shoes So lightweight, reminds me of a running shoe. Very comfortable, good looking and would highly recommend. Only downside for me is that the bottom of the shoe is thin through the arch area. Shoes need more arch support in general. Plan to put Dr. Scholl inserts in and I'll be all set.
B00DHJQL1I These shoes run small First, I have had other pairs of puma golf shoes.  For me they have always been fine, but these particular shoes are really snug.  I think it's the style and desired fit of these particular shoes, so I'm not sure to tell you what to do.  Im thinking i would have to go. Up at least one size for them to be comfortable.  Having said that, I think they are great shoes otherwise.  Look great and appear to be comfortable...if they just fit...
B00DHJQL1I A bit tight but they look amazing. A little tight, they need to be broken in. But the fit is true to size.Item arrived in about week and a half after ordering.  Item looked in excellent condition.  Satisfied with purchase.
B00DHJUCR2 PUMA...who knew! Generally stayed away from PUMA as I found the shoes fit small (narrow) to size.  Not these shoes...I walk when I play and (cough, cough) I occasionally swing out of my shoes and these flat out perform!  Light, comfortable and stay with you throughout the swing.I highly recommend them!
B00DNNO3Q8 Cushy My feet have gotten very sensitive over the years and these are actually quite well cushioned in both the ball of foot and heel.  Also nice arch support.
B00DNNOCQE Horrible fit The right shoe was labeled the correct size but was very tight and painful to wear, may have been mismade
B00DNNOCQE Great Price, Great Style Great basic, old school shoe.  Fits as expected and is formal enough to get away with on casual Friday with jeans.
B00DNNPFTC Uncomfortable and no support I bought these shoes because they looked cool not because I expected them to be the best track spike out there but I expected them to be somewhat useful. The second I put them on they started to hurt my feet, they were to wide, and with the spike plate only being on the front of the shoe it has no support. I couldn't even go over a hurdle properly with them on.
B00DNNPFTC Just what I was looking for Fit just right. Are light weight and comfortable. Easy to put spikes in and take out. Love the look of shoes as well.
B00DNNQQSQ Look great, feel eh... Admittedly I probably bought them becuase they are cute. However they are impractical for me since I actually wanted to use them to play soccer.1. They run a tad small. Like 1/2 size.2. They have NO support. I mean completely flat.3. They are the same width down the length of the shoe so the toe box is tight but the arch area is too loose. You would think you could lace them up tighter to adjust but you can't because the laces run along the top of the foot and the eyelets are too close to one another to give you that ability.4. They are made of plastic which wouldn't be a problem if they had vents, but nope, they don't. They do not breathe at all so that's really uncomfortable during the game and practice.5. the top 2 eyelets did not come laced, and they also didn't have the holes that go all the way through so essentially I can't lace the pair I recieved. Otherwise construction was sound.
B00DNNS6ZM good not great The tongue of this sneaker keeps slipping to the side, which i need to keep adjusting or tying the shoe so tight that they can't move but then i also cut off all circulation to my feet. I like their voltaic line normally but this is my least liked iteration.
B00DNNS6ZM great shoe Bought these for my dad for his birthday. He loved them. He says they fit well and look stylish. My fifteen year old nephew asked to where them.
B00DNNSTF4 These might just be my new Fave!! I bought these shoes to mix in on my short distance runs to help promote better form by forcing me to land more mid foot and not heel strike as much as I normally do. I normally buy running shoes with a lot of support because of me heel striking. These shoes have a zero drop from heel-to-toe and help force me to land more mid foot. I am very impressed with this shoe and would recommend it to anyone looking to add some mix into their runs or just for every day fashion. Light weight, Great feel!
B00DNNUQN2 Three Stars Not meant for cross-training.  Doesn't give much support.  I think they are more for fashion.
B00DNNUQN2 Five Stars Love my new shoes they fit perfectly! !!!
B00DNNUQN2 Not Impressed Why do shoe companies offer such fun, colorful designs in running shoes, but such hideous looks in their cross trainers? For example, that lump of whatever-it-is under the ball of the foot on this Mobium cross trainer? Cool texture or did the shoe start falling apart and the designer decided to hold it together with something that resembles some type of hideous scar tissue? I'm not just talking about Puma, but all the shoe companies--Asics, Salomon, Saucony, etc. Colorful, fun running shoes in lots of choices, big bust on cross trainers. Big disappointment.
B00DNNUQN2 Light as air! Love these shoes.  They weigh almost nothing yet provide arch support and are extremely comfortable.  I used them primarily for walks on treadmill or outside by the beach.  Glad I found them.
B00DNNYHHI hope they work for you didn't fit well, will be returning thought that the support would be as good as my puma descedents but epic fail. my bad
B00DNNZEP2 Love the shoes but they are a tad big Love the shoes but they are a tad big. I may have to send them back. But the show is in great condition
B00DNNZEP2 Arch support not as great This is a good running shoe, but could use more arch support when compared to other PUMA running shoes we've purchased in the past.
B00DNNZYZ2 Great purchase I am very satisfied with my purchase of puma women's Narita V2 Running shoes. It was exactly as seen online. It fit perfectly and is extremely comfortable.
B00DNO0QRC Love them, but wish they made them in a 12.5 Great shoe.  I'm a size 12 and they fit just a tad bit snug.  Not to were I can't wear them, but I'd get a 12.5 if they made them.  And the liners are glued in so I can't swap them out for better insoles.  That kinda sucks.  But they are cool looking and comfy enough.
B00DNO1TXC Five Stars Great fit and very very comfortable.
B00DOE8S9O Five Stars Fit just perfect,thanks.
B00DOE8S9O Good Style Fit as expected and they look cool, everything went ok on with the transaction
B00DOE8S9O Five Stars These shoes are great and are exactly what I expected!
B00DOE8S9O Five Stars Fit as expected
B00DOEFG4Y Five Stars Perfect fit, look great.
B00DOEGVA2 But It is a close fit, will have to wear thin socks. A half size would have been a perfect fit.
B00DOEGVA2 Five Stars Great shoes. Fit well. Comfortable. Don't know what else to say. Buy thm
B00DOEPQD0 They fit perfect Great color combination and fit, look like a Paul Smith collaboration.Very happy.Great cork souls inside great arch support.
B00DOET8MA Love these shoes, fit as other pumas fit. Have had these shoes for 2 weeks and they are super comfortable.i hope they hold up for a while. The red dye from the shoes are turning the white laces pink though I may have to order some black ones. Iwas hoping to get a second set with them like the last pumas I ordered (green pumas came with green and black laces).
B00DOG1Q96 Puma future Cat S1 in Style Great shoe from puma, puma cats always fit great and have that sleek style. Light weight and comfortable shoes that go well with denim.
B00DOG6VSW Puma men's bmw motrosport Thank you for the product. it just fit as expected , Puma is a good brand, what you see is what you get .
B00DOJQ0D0 Great style, fit perfect love it really recommended if ... Great style, fit perfect love it really recommended if you play indoor soccer ship was too fast and i use the standard ships
B00DOJQ0D0 Two Stars Im 8 1/2 but this puma didnt fit me :(
B00DOPGL42 Good fit and look great Bought these for my 11 year son they fit and look great on him. He is hard to please he said he loves them
B00DQYMIQG Five Stars It's a great fit!
B00DQYMIQG Perfect fit!!! The shoes is quite comfortable and the fit is just right. Perfect fit if you're looking for a casual wear.
B00DQYYVAM Great Look great, fit true to size, comfortable. Nothing more to say really.
B00DQYYVAM no complaints at all. Nice fit, as expected. I tend to stick with the same styles and sizes from Adidas and Puma and they are usually veri consistent. I haven't been let by down eitehr yet.
B00DQYYVAM these are fun! I'm loving these shoes! I was wearing sambas and decided to get these as those were wearing out after several years. These shoes fit great and look great! I highly recommend them!
B00DQZ2YD2 Awesome! They fit pretty well and are comfortable to wear. They are really light too! Just what I wanted! Love Puma!
B00DR2FSEG No sweat..great product! I love the way these shorts fit my husband.  He is disabled and he feels uncomfortable in most of his cloths.  These shorts are soft and fit well.  He is very happy.  I tried to order more but unfortunately they are out of stock:(
B00DRUBPF4 Does NOT have kangaroo pocket I bought this specifically because the product description said it had a kangaroo pocket -Product DescriptionGraphic soft pigment/suede/embroidery, Polyurathanema originals no.1 logo embroidery, self fabric kangaroo pocket, deep self fabric cuffsASIN: B00HNN4ISMI carry a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 when I walk every day and I've been looking for a light tank top with a pocket that my phone will fit into securely and come out quickly so I can make or answer calls and texts. I have tried a holster (just looked ridiculous plus the phone with an Otterbox Defender wouldn't fit) and an arm band (in order to hold the weight, I have to cinch the strap so tight it cuts off circulation in my arm, and again I have to take the Otterbox off). I guess I'll just have to doctor some of my own tank tops.Other than the pocket issue, it's an ok top, very light weight, colors are nice and bright, looks like it would fit as expected - I didn't try it on since it's going right back.
B00DS6VZSY Not a good fit! Too big and too thick!I'm returning it.
B00DT5PLMK ITALY! Product fit just as I expected. Purchased a Medium and it may have even run just a slight too big, yet the neck would not have fit if I had purchased the small. My favorite of the Italy jerseys. A must for any fan's wardrobe!
B00DTX8UR0 Great shoe with lots of room I am in love with these shoes for my 15 month old. She has feet that are fat top to bottom, but not wide, and we have trouble finding shoes that fit her. These are perfect! I like that they are breathable and the soles aren't super stiff like some toddler shoes are. The velcro tabs are the perfect length. I will more than likely buy these again once she grows out of her current pair.
B00DU0P368 My 4yr old LOVES these! We're hooked on Puma. They seem to last fairly well to high activity and fit as expected, though they can get tight in the toe box area for those with wider or thicker feet. My daughter is reed thin and super tall and she loves these. They're supportive and hold up to her high energy. The only downside is more a comment on her than the shoes, but the sparkle can scuff off fairly quickly if your child drags their feet at all or rubs them alongside anything repeatedly. Not a defect, more expected, but thought I'd mention it. Otherwise, nicely made, hold up well, fit as expected for thin to average-sized feet, and are SUPER diamond dust level sparkly. :)
B00DUL8BQQ Puma We love Puma's!  These are extremely cute and my daughter loves them too!  They fit great and look great on!
B00DULBHY4 Easy Going Sneaker This sneaker has enough arch support to make walking comfortable
B00DULBHY4 Great Shoes Fit well - nicely made - great summer athletic shoe and reasonably priced. Would buy these again if needed again.
B00DULUOWU Love them They are great.i fit like a glove !!!and what a gre !at price $$$$ :) I will buy Puma again!!
B00DULV8Y8 Puma sneaker Made the right choice in selecting this shoe. Fit as expected, great colors, looks cute on granddaughter & she says they're comfortable.
B00DULXWII :) Love these lil shoes fit my baby boy perfect and he looks handsome..... Look good with anything that he wears love the colors of the shoes!!!!... Just love the shoes
B00DULXWII Love them Love the shoes and so does my nephew very comfortable and they look nice with almost anything. Great fit for his lil fat foot,
B00DULYICC Love these shoes!! My daughter started walking recently and now she's running!!  These shoes are not only stylish, they fit her so well and bend with her little foot as she runs.  I have received many compliments on these shoes at school and in the park.
B00DUM0OQA Just as expected Fits just as expected.  My daughter loves them.
B00DUTBCNM Nice out fit This out fit fit my son perfect well made excellent quality great color and good price thanks for helping to make the order right
B00DUTBRQO Cool set and great fit We get so many comments on this outfit when we're out. My son loves he color and it is a great and true to size fit.
B00DUU4T0E nice sweatshirt This was a very nice sweatshirt, the fit is great, colors are very cool, Puma is a great brand - sporty!
B00DY6160A love them! Love these shoes!  I have foot problems and I'm on my feet all day.  I find that regular flats uncomfortable after a few hours and sneakers just don't look great.  These fit great and are so comfy!  Light weight and soft with a little support.  I wish there were more colors
B00DY6160A Puma Womens Asha lt 2 Sneakers The shoes are excellent fit and look really great.  They are true to size and look great with short or jeans
B00DY6160A LOVE THESE! I purchased these for work and was pleasantly surprised.  They are like wearing slippers but have the support of a sneaker.  I instantly went back online and ordered them in different colors.  They fit true to size and allow for stretch in the toe.
B00DY6160A Very comfy I love these shoes.  The fit is &#34;as expected&#34; - the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because one of the seams ripped.  I wear them often.  I would definitely buy them again because of the comfort.  Little pricey though.
B00DY6160A Love these shoes Great fit. True to size which isn't always the case with puma. Good support, and nice and flashy. These will be my vacation walking shoes.
B00DY6160A Not Puma Best I love the look but the fit is not so good, it's a very thin shoe!  No support.they need a insert.
B00DY61M0E Love this shoe! I have these shoes in every color. Comfortable, cute... can wear everywhere.  Easy to buy as the fit for the size is right on!
B00DY61M0E Puma Women Zandy Ballet Flat I just love the comfort and fit of this shoe, everyone loved them and now I want the other colors too.
B00DY74P70 Perfect I own 2 of these style sneakers now, because they are so light and comfy. I have wide feet, and these fit my width great. I bought red laces to wear with them. Yellow would go well too!
B00DY74P70 Four Stars Good looking shoe. Fit is as expected.
B00DY75DWQ Better than expected... I am always hesitant about buying shoes online.  I was really surprised at these.  The fit perfectly.  I bought these to take on vacation.  We were going to be doing a lot of walking on our trip so wanted a comfortable pair of shoes that my feet wouldn't hurt at the end of the day.  These are so light weight you don't even know you have any on and so comfortable.  My feet were still great at the end of the day. I would recommend these to anyone who is going to be on their feet all day.
B00DY75DWQ Great shoes I love these shoes!  They are the lightest shoes I have. They feel good and I do lots of different type of workouts.  The colors are amazing. The shoes give good support and cushion when doing high impact moves.  The mesh fabric also keeps your feet cool.
B00DY75DWQ Light weight The colors are true to the picture.  The fit is true to size.  You hardly feel  them on your feet.  If you are looking for an arch or support, this is not the shoe for you.  They are comfortable.  Received many compliments at the gym.  Love the colors.
B00DY789HM somewhat small for me I really like this sneaker but I had to send them back :( the sneaker was a little tight on my right foot. But overall is the great hip stylish sneaker.
B00DY789HM Sporty & super cute! Very comfortable, true to size. A lil snug at first but loosens to a perfect fit in minutes. I'm in love with this shoe...
B00DY7Q7YY Shoes fit perfect! In the process of wearing them in Shoes fit perfect! In the process of wearing them in! They are a little stiff, but over all comfortable! I love the colors!
B00DYRQD7U fit as expected and my daughter loves the coat Great jacket my daughter likes the fun bright colors. It is true to size. I would recommend to a friend.
B00DYXTPKQ Warmer than I expected The fleece lining it much warmer than expected.  We've only used it a handful of times so far but I am sure we will get a ton of use this winter with coat.  The warmth of the coat was better than I expected and it looks great on my son.  I bought a 2T and it was very true to size.  I am very happy with my purchase and the price was great.  I looked at more expensive coats at other Baby stores which weren't even as nice as this one.
B00DYXTXJO great Bought this as a gift for my nephew and was pleased to find that it fit perfectly and is warm.
B00DYXTXJO A-W-E-S-O-M-E-N-E-S-S Actual size is actual fit! It's a great winter coat, but light. My son LOVES IT and I highly recommend to others!
B00E6O333W Love puma! I bought this for my niece for her first birthday. It fit great and she looked absolutely adorable in it
B00EDHUOZM Nice fit. Bought it as a gift for my 12 year old son. He loves it so much and has been wearing it upon opening the gift wrap. Clean sporty look on a budget and fits as expected. Would purchase again if available in women's.
B00EDHUOZM NICE I love it. It was cheep but it is very comfortable. Very good on sport activitiy. Fit  on my body
B00EDHUOZM Great!!! Fit as sized.  It is very comfortable. A great value for the money.  My girlfriend already stole it from me.
B00EDHUOZM puma mens hoodie The neck was a little small but the fit was as expected. If you have a big head then it might not fit over your head easily.
B00EDOMUYI looks good size fit as looks goodsize fit as expected
B00EDOMUYI very comfortable everything i expected, they fit great, and all the kids are jealous. Worth the price for a great pair of shoes.
B00EDOMUYI Right Size But Not Right The size 9 medium seemed to fit Ok but it started to slip off the back of my feet. If I made it tighter, it was too tight for comfort and different lacings didn't help either. I tried many things to keep the shoe but in the end I had to return it.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars I have not bought anything I needed to return or did not fit as expected
B00EDOMUYI tight fit Bought these without ever owning a pair of pumas, tight fit, comfortable, and worth the deal of the day money. Wish I bought 3 pairs.
B00EDOMUYI They fit great and the have great grip I use them for ... They fit great and the have great grip I use them for football conditioning and they seem to be doing well in the weight room
B00EDOMUYI Fit perfectly These shoes are awesome! Perfect fit, super comfortable!
B00EDOMUYI Not too bad The shoe fits as expected and a fair deal when on sale.  If you run a bit wide in size these may not fit you as well as you would like. They fit very snug in the width.
B00EDOMUYI These are great, comfortable shoes I've very much enjoyed these shoes.  They look stylish without being loud, and they are comfortable and breathable to wear.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars Great fit and lightweight
B00EDOMUYI Nice shoes. Fit great. Shoes look really nice and are really comfortable.
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars Great fit, comfortable and good looking shoes.
B00EDOMUYI Four Stars ordered men's shoe for woman's foot--fit as expected and anxious to put it to the test
B00EDOMUYI Really Nice Shoes, But. Comfortable and fit just fine. The only problem with them is that the right shoe had a crease going across the toe area. Not sure why its there, maybe a manufacturing defect. Otherwise I would have rated these shoes higher. Its something that shouldn't be there and for me appearance is everything.
B00EDOR4L2 Super cute! I'm not a runner.  I do Interval Training.  These shoes fit well and are pretty comfortable.  They could use a bit more padding/support around the ball of the foot.  They do have good shock absorption at the heel.  The colors are super cute.  Over-all - love them!
B00EDOR4L2 Neat Shoes Shoes fit very good and are comfortable.  They have just enough glitz and color, but not too much.
B00EDOR4L2 Great price. Not a lot of lateral support. Great price.
B00EDOR4L2 Great quality, little rounder in the toe that I expected. These shoes have great support, they look fantastic, and they're of good quality. Looking at the picture I think I expected them to be a little narrower or more pointed at the toe and they're a bit rounder than I expected (if that makes sense). They still look and feel great though.
B00EDOR4L2 Tight fit and heel slides. It is a cute shoe. I wear size six and usually six is a bit roomy but these shoes are a bit tight. But I bought them at a deep discount so....
B00EDOR4L2 Color and Fit were as expected The shoes fit well, I've already run over 10 miles in them and have not had trouble breaking them in.
B00EDOR4L2 Thank you This is a quality running shoe - great fit and very comfortable to walk and run in. I am happy that I purchased.
B00EDOR4L2 Quite happy The shoes fit as I had hoped and were quite comfortable.  They are light weight and my feet do not get hot in them. The colors of the shoe are pleasing to the eye and I get compliments every time I wear them.
B00EDOR4L2 Great PUMAs. Looks very good, good fit, comfortable. Gives great support for working and general activities.
B00EDOR4L2 Three Stars Really cute but not good for working out or being on your feet much. No real arch support.
B00EDOR4L2 Great deal I love the shoes. They fit great and are really comfortable. I like the puma brand with shoes, they fit my feet better then most other brands.
B00EDOR4L2 Fit good Shoe fit as expected, managed to order the wrong colors but Amazon was great with working with me and refunding my money and getting the right shoe ordered. Shoes are very comfortable. First time I have bought a pair of Puma shoes, will buy more in the future.
B00EDOR4L2 Puma Voltaic running shoes Great shoes!  Comfortable!  And I love the color too!  I was happy with the fit and would order again. :)
B00EDOR4L2 they are comfortable. Will be puttig in arch support insoles though I've only had my shoes for a few days, but what little time I've worn them, they are comfortable.  Will be puttig in arch support insoles though.
B00EDOR4L2 Colorful Shoes Love them.  They fit great and look awesome.  Love the comfort they provide.
B00EDOR4L2 Not exact sizing I really like the coloring and design of the shoe. The shoes must run small because it is just a little to tight at the toes. I have high arches and feel some pressure on the ball of the feet. Hopefully the more I wear them they will stretch out .
B00EDOR4L2 Normal sneaker with great color! I have fat feet and I dislike wearing sneakers in general because they squeeze my feet.  These have a normal fit and I love the colors!  I get a lot of compliments about how pretty they are.  I love the little symbol on the front.
B00EDOR4L2 Fit is fine. Just the right color!  Fit is fine.
B00EDOR4L2 Great comfortable fit These are very comfortable, yet also stylish sneakers. It took me a month to decide whether or not I wanted to get them, but I'm glad I did. I have no problems with the sneaker whatsoever..
B00EDOR4L2 Four Stars Cute shoes but a tad small. I sent them back... but they're really cute if they fit!
B00EDOR4L2 Love love love!!! I'm typically a Puma aficionado - I love the look of their shoes, I love the fit of their shoes and I love working out in them. I was a little hesitant on the color at first, however once I opened these I fell in love. They fit very comfortably, and probably as typical Puma wearers know, it is a good idea to order about a half size up (which I did and they fit perfectly). Definitely recommend these and can't wait to hit the pavement :)
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Great fit, love them
B00EDORCPU GREAT NO MUCH ARCH SUPPORT BUT OVER ALL GREAT!
B00EFTWWFI Stamped cat cracked Fit as expected ,but Puma cat stamp came cracked and peeled,presumably  like being sold as is with manufacturing defects
B00EPEPIYU Love Bought this for my son and they are a perfect fit. Will buy again from Puma. Colors are good too.
B00EPFS6XY Good Item Fit well and material is good. It is very nice and my kid loves it. I will definately recommend it.
B00ETBBFA0 Not enough width This shoe is very sleek. Bought it for my fiance and he love it. The only problem is it is not wide enough and doesn't stretch.
B00ETHZV2M Five Stars Good pairs of shoes, fit as expected, amazon made a good job.
B00ETHZV2M Good for smaller feet I think I really love Pumas but this style was not what I thought it would be. First, the cut near the top of the laces is open and I was afraid it would wear down. Then, the back of my ankle kept rubbing up against the back of the sneaker. I knew I'd have to always wear my socks with the back cushion flap. Overall, if you know the style, you'll love it. I thought it would be this light, bouncy pair of sneakers then I realized that I needed more support. Puma is a great brand and I will try on one of the other small styles in a store before purchasing online next time.
B00ETI2NUE Just as Expected Little expensive for the shoe, but fits perfectly, nice shoes.  Cleans easily, wish they were more like the speed cat though.
B00ETI2NUE Very nice, fit well Get many compliments on them. Very nice, fit well, look professional and clean. Side swoosh is a pearly iridescent not pure white like expected.
B00F3DVHCY Great Sneaker!!! Love this type of sneaker. Fits as expected, I have nothing to complain about. And the colors are a plus. It's also pretty good if you have flat feet.
B00F9XKEPE Good Puma Sporting Hoody. Fit as expected. This is a nice Baseball Hoodies for sporting. it is not too big, not too small. Like a slim fit size.Though I can wear the Medium size without any issue, I like slim fit rather than regular loose fit.
B00FEM5JK0 Great shoe Perfect shoes, soft fit. Don't forget to impregnate them before the first shower hits you.
B00FJ57RFW fits awesome loooooooooooove these so comfortable and soft. they are a very dark dark brown, they do not look black. but I don't care.  they really fit wonderfully I may buy another. rare to fine sports pants that fit so good.
B00FJ9L682 perfect puma heritage jacket It is very beautiful jacket and fit me like I expected and the alteration  and the marks was great and for me I like puma clothes very much and I wish if there is pants in the same style to go with it.
B00FJC0LZI Cushy comfort for an old mans feet . German engineering in a running shoe . Cushy, cushy shoes for my old feet . Now I can walk a mile without my left foot or hip hurting. I own an embarrassing number of shoes but these are the most comfortable . I hope they hold up over time .
B00FJC28AY Stylish, but snug. I'm not going to say it's tight, but it's snug.  After an hour or so of walking about, the fit eased a little, and everything is fine, but it's not a sloppy fit in the least.  Extremely good-looking and comfortable to explore Lahaina in or walk down to Black Rock for a little snorkeling.Bought the black/white/red as well.  Very satisfied.
B00FNMGHES great fit my daughter just loved this as a gift.she wears it under her coat all the time,to keep warm.the color is beautiful.she is a real petite woman,wears size 5/6 this fit just right and she was happy and so was i.
B00FRL46GG Great fit Great fit! Fast delivery. The shorts hang nice and low just the way my son likes then- a little below the knee
B00FRL46GG Fit perfectly Nice shorts, fit very well and look good. The material is not as soft as I thought it would be.
B00FRNREIQ Great look The fit is true to size and these are very nice pants for the money.  Thank you very much for the prompt delivery
B00FSAQBP0 Puma Kids boys Fabric smells like oil products. Fit as expected. My Son like it but just smell i hope it will go away after a few wash.
B00FSEABVQ fit T shirt fit as expected the material is also very good she loves it good for track and outdoor activities
B00FSOSLMM Very adorable, Great quality Bought this in a size 12 months for my 19lb 9 1/2 month old and the fit is a tad big (was expected!) We roll the pant legs up once and fits well. I am in love with the yoga style pants, they do not seem too tight around her waist like most pants do. Just adorable! We love it.
B00FVZGL2K great Great and fast service. Lovely fit and great quality. Nice bright and well made great for kids to run about in
B00FVZGXBY SO ADORABLE. I bought this set for my boyfriend's nephew as a gift and it is so cute! It fits just as expected for a 2 year old and it really depends on how big the baby is. This item came in as expected due date and was packaged perfect. I will be ordering again.
B00FW29LNI Great I love this on my son it fit great thank u I want the bike one too expect me ordering again
B00FW40T9Q Nice Fit and Fabric The fit is good. The fabric is super soft, but thin. I would have preferred a little more weight in the fabric. Grandson loves it.
B00FW6QS26 The fit was great and material did not feel cheap Jerseys often run too big for me to wear, which is why I opt to wear youth sizes.  The fit was great and material did not feel cheap.
B00FXXU1YY Surprised! My little one was thrilled to receive this cute skirt for dance. Perfect fit and matches a top we purchased.
B00G4CXB6S LOVE The thing about Puma shoes is that each style fits differently.  I wear a 9.5 in heels, and this was also a 9.5 and it fit perfectly.  I went to the store and tried on this style first in-store, they fit extremely comfortably, but when it comes to Puma shoes I always suggest trying it on in the store before buying online, because my puma training shoes are a size 10.5.
B00GOMDGHM Very comfortable I like them and they have given me support in my feet. I will purchase these again when my wear out.
B00GOMDIMU Love these I really love these socks, they fit snug but not tight at all.  They are great for working out in or just every day.
B00GOMDIMU Good choice The socks are great, just not as thick as I prefer. The fit and style are just what I expected.
B00GOMDIMU digging them They are cushy on the bottom and thin enough on top that my feet don't get too hot! I have big feet for a girl... 10.5 wide and they are perfect fit. The arch support is right where it should be and works like it should.
B00GOMDIMU Good These socks are very comfortable and warm. They fit well with any pair of shoes and they are softer than expected.
B00GOMDIMU Great colors and fit! Like the colors and the fit of the sock is perfect for cross training or running shoes. Definitely would recommend to others.
B00GOMDIMU Love these socks for my work outs These socks are great. I have fairly large feet (9.5 women's) and most women's socks in my size range are slightly small on me which ultimately leads to blisters. These fit me snugly but not tight, and the heel comes up far enough to prevent blisters. I also love the colors!
B00GOMDIMU Great These socks are the perfect fit they are not tight like mist socks I will be ordering more thank you love them
B00GOMDK9Q comfortable comfortable and fit great.  I love the band that goes around the arch of the foot.  It seems to give my high arches a little more support.
B00GOMDKBO thinner socks, fit really well I wear women's shoe size 7, these socks fit perfectly. I like the brightly colored pumas (they look good with my neon pink running shoes). They are a little thinner than my usual sports socks.
B00GOMDKBO Perfect These socks fit just as expected  and they are very comfortable also the patterns on them are very cute  I love them
B00GV3GRJI Love Puma. Comfortable and great fit. Wear almost every day.
B00HCMTOJW Perfect I love them good fit can't wait to wear them this summer. They look just as described in the photo.
B00HCMTOJW Puma wedge sneaker Everything is beautiful about this sneaker fits true to size everything is great .It as a little space in it bit that's fine it's not to much don't want it extra tight.
B00HR18QFG too small I got the galaxy.....does not fit.........what is up with that............so now I have to pay shipping back...to get my money back.............false advertising...
B00HSE54KW Good fit LIke the brand and the fit
B00HSH9C4I Puma Socks Great price. Very cute. Great fit for anyone 7-8 in shoe size (women's). Got the sock right away and they are perfect for tighter shoes.
B00HTAKRI4 Puma Roma I am a Puma shoe advocate.  I have no arch and these have been my sneaker of choice for YEARS. Fits like it is part of my foot.  Arch support along with stylish looks.  I am pleased with my purchase.
B00HTAKRI4 They fit. Sometimes when I buy shoes they don't ... They fit. Sometimes when I buy shoes they don't fit I have big feet size 14 hard to find thanks Amazon.
B00HZWXWME A little long The colour is great, the pattern is lovely and the fit was as expected for the size but the length was long.
B00I9GTJMM great fit I bought these for may dad as he loves them. He has been using the Puma whirlwind classics and other similar puma shoes for year, but he liked these the best.
B00IAS4794 looks great, debating about sending back Look nice but boy are they tight. Don't feel right out of the box, way too tight a fit for my size 11 feet. Long enough, look great, but they will take a lot of tight, cramped days to make comfortable.
B00IEVFS7C Great looking top Definitely an essential piece of fanware. Fits as expected and looks great.
B00IKDJQ1I Four Stars a little bit fit
B00IKDJYVA Perfect size and fit. Worth the $ This outfit was fantastic . It fit my  3 yr old  grandson perfectly . He looks adorable in it as well as looking like he is ready for the NBA .
B00JAJK9XU Love these socks! I purchased these so the boys in my family would stop stealing my socks!  Because they're 'cute and girly' they go missing far less.  They are extremely comfortable with arch support and added padding in the heels.  I will be purchasing more of these in the future and I would highly recommend them to anyone.  I do wear a women&#8217;s size 10-11 and they fit me well. (I bought the size 9-11 pack)
B00JE8TSX4 Puma - Kids Boys 2-7 Cat Perforated Set Great set for young boys.  The color and fit are perfect, and, MOST IMPORTNTLY, my great grandson thinks they're COOL.  He's correct, they are 'cool'.
B00JREU44M Better fit and quality than Nike I have found Puma socks to be fantastic fit and quality.  Not too thick, not too thin, a little extra elastic through the arch and not too tight around the ankle but doesn't slip down.  Used to buy Nike but this sock is much better.
