B000FVZ1YE Feel & look nice, but **way** too large I'm 5'10&#34; 160lbs, with a 30&#34; waist & relatively large thighs.Usually, if shorts/pants don't fit, it's because they were either too big in the waist or too small in the thighs. These must be made for rugby and football players, though, because they're the first item I've encountered that fit well in the waist but are **massively** too large through everywhere else, fitting exactly like some of the boxers I own... Too bad I bought these elsewhere, where they do not accept undergarment returns...
B000HDH2TC Great looks and easy to read... I've gotten many compliments on this watch. The silver display on black is surprisingly easy to read, even in daylight. The drawback is the wristband is small for me, if my wrist were any bigger, it wouldn't fit. I'm large, but not that large.
B000HDH2Z6 Great! I really love it. Really love it. It's not too large but not too small. Go great with casual dress during this spring and summer.
B000OBNAPM Didnt fit My husband use the large size but this puma coach's short was smaller then the usual size large i had to give it to my son. If you are large you should buy extra large to fit in.The quality is very good.
B000R4XHRC ... was too large the shoe's built quality is still awesome! Even though it was too large the shoe's built quality is still awesome!
B000WR95IO Super cute!! Love this watch!  It is large enough to fit a bigger wrist and fully adjustable for anyone who needs it smaller.  The face is large and easy to read.
B000WS0LFO A good discrete watch Not so big, not so small. Perfect size. However, has plenty of information mixed with large numbers on its dial.
B000WS1V6M Too large While this watch is called "unisex," it's definitely too large for a women's wrist and most men's wrists (and I usually have trouble fitting in women's watches). I really like the look, but the face took up the entire top-side of my wrist; same style but shrunken would be great.
B000ZHE51S Sized way larger than expected. Good quality tshirt, looks nice, sized like a basketball tshirt though, probably a men's x-large or above instead of a large,
B0013TL3KI For my husband My husband likes so much, we received it in ecuador thanks the help of my courier.Puma Young Men's No. 1 Logo Tee, White/Black, Large
B0013TL3KI worst size.. This is product is really extremely big for me. I am usually wearing Large size of any tee's. But only this Large size tee. Doesn't fit with me. It's a huge XL size i think.......
B0013TL3KI unsatisfied Sizes suck there all super big... ordered a medium its as big as an extra large,Can't even wear it I will not he ordering again
B0014DWEEC okay fit wanted it a little closer fit for a medium. i wear most medium close fitted.. this felt like a large.
B001B51W64 BIG SHOES MY FATHER HAS LARGE FFET.HE WEARS A SIZE 14. HE SAW THIS SHOE IN A STORE WHICH DID NOT CARRY HIS LARGE SIZE. SO I LOOKED ALL OVER ONLINE FOR THE BEST PRICE AND SOMEONE WHO HAD THIS SIZE. AND AMAZON CAME THROUGH WITH THE BEST PRICE AND THE SIZE AND COLOR I NEEDED. MY DAD LIKES THEM A LOT. THANKS CINDY
B001CHG1YY Too large for me. i expecting its gonna be fit but its too large for me..i want to mail it back and change the size, if possible ?
B001CHG1YY pumas Be careful when ordering these puma sneakers. They run about a 1/2 size too large. Other than that, they are a great product
B001CHG1YY Not worth it. They run a little bit large.. Wish i went down a half size. They are extremely uncomfortable. Only buy if you love how they look or need for a job. Otherwise not a practical shoe.
B001HX37RC Big if you're not tall I was so excited to receive this bag in the mail. I read reviews about it being too large and decided that standing at 5' even, it wouldn't be too big. Well, you know what? It is. It's a really nice bag but like I said, I'm only 5' tall and it's just big. I still love it but I am not sporting it the way I intended to.The quality is great. Nice sleek design.
B001QDEV1E Large is too big I'm a 36 waist and about 34 long and the large feels too big(long and wide) for me. I'm returning, otherwise great materials.
B001QDEV1E Good Quality These track pants are made with the highest quality and are the most comfortable that I've had. My only complaint is that they seem like they are a size bigger than they are labled. I wear Large in every other brand , but when I received my Puma's in large they seemed to fit more like they're XL and were a bit too big.
B001QDEV1E Large Is Long I bought the complementary jacket at Large and it fits my 42R frame perfectly, however the pants at Large are a bit baggy and long. My waist size is in the 34-36 range and I stand 5'11" and weigh 195 pounds. Both the pants and jacket really look sharp and feel of a high quality.
B001QXC9Q8 These run LARGE! The quality seems okay, but when they say large, they mean it. I did look at a size chart, but it didn't match my tape measure, to be sure! If I pull these up so that the crotch is at a comfortable height, the waist band is only 3 inches below my armpits!
B002EL3KQE too small and then too large The shoes were too small. It does not look like size 5 for toddler. I had to order a bigger size and this one, size 8, was too large for my boy. So, I had to return both shoes.
B002EL3KQE Good condition but it too large for my baby too large, and it's not my fault,  the sizing info on the page can not be used as a reference for this product.
B002EL3KQE Lights up when he walks :) My son has large feet, so I was hesitant at first. Bought him size 8 and it fits him like a glove !!! He is 17 months now.
B002LH4T5W Runs large Runs large and is a cheap style of Puma brand. I own 3 other pairs of Puma's that run true to size and are of better quality.
B002ODEYE4 Nice Jacket I noticed not many people have posted a review about this items fit. My son is just now starting to wear a 14/16 and this jacket is a little large. If you are looking for something for them to grow into it than its fine but the large that I bought is a little big. Everything else about the jacket is wonderful.
B002SSQF92 Big watch for the avid sports person Big, Bold, large numbers, easy to read and easy to use. Band is light and comfortable, gives you that large wristband look. Great for keeping time and for timing others on the go!
B0039PTIJC Excellent for academy Beautiful bag, excellent material, resistant and very ideal size large, for trips and academy. The tariffs would have you be to lower!
B0039PTKSG handbags the bag is large, good for weekend trips or to carry gym supplies. A little too large for everyday use or to use a school bag.
B003BNY8W4 I hate you with a fiber of my being I never knew exsited I can barely read it. I can't set it. There is alarm set that goes off every morning, it took me 3 days to figure out where the dam ringing was coming from, I had a lot of stuff in that area.  It is a lovely watch, just not practical. and the alarm constsntly going off has me wanting to tale every once off my anger and beat it with a mallot until its demise is reached.
B003EE9O4W Such cool little sneakers! I love these sneakers. Thankfully I read the reviews before purchasing, as they do run about a full size large. I bought the 9 for my daughter, and she wears an 8. They are only slightly large for her. Adorable sneakers, though, and seem to be wearing well so far. She's also flat-footed, and they work well on her.
B003MAJWCW Runs a little large Saw these shoes online and liked them.  I ordered a size 81/2 which is my shoe size. It came on time and was very nicely packaged. These shoes run a size large and was too big for my feet. I tried putting in an extra insole but it was still slipping off when I tried walking in them. They do not have much cushioning so I found them a bit hard against my heel.  They fit narrow so if you have broad feet these are not the shoes for you.  Liked them but had to return them.
B003MAJWCW Run large Love the way it looked but going to take some getting used to. The shoes in my opinion run large so I'm having to tighten the shoe up a lot an wear bulkier socks to keep em from slipping. :(
B003ZJCEXO FABULOUS PUMA JACKET I BOUGHT TWO (2) OF THESE PUMA JACKETS - THEY ARE FABULOUS - I AM NOW GOING TO BUY A THIRD - MY SON LOVED HIS AND MY HUSBAND LOVED HIS !!!!  THANK YOU AMAZON  I bought a blue jacket x-large for my son and thought it might be too big so I bought the Forest Night in Large - which my husband kept.  NOW - my son wants the Forest Green in his size. THANK YOU AMAZON
B003ZJCEXO makes a smart looking set I bought this in the blue with red for my husband, along with the matching track pants. It is a really nice looking outfit.I was glad to be able to purchase the pieces separately...since he wears a large top and a medium bottom.The jacket in large was true to size...without having a lot of extra fabric billowing out. Trim fitting but not tight.The material has a soft backing on the inside...seems to add a little extra warmth too.
B003ZJCEXO nice jacket i ordered the large an it fit's jus right it alos  looks and  feels comfortable  , will be ordin more
B003ZJCEXO fit perfectly, great deal purchased for $14.97 and is worth every penny. colors are bright and vivid. thought it would run big since I ordered an XL and my previous Puma jacket(from 2000) was a Large and still fits me. the price difference was exceptional between the sizes so I took it. this one fits just fine.
B003ZJCEXO What you see is what you get! The jacket is a little pricey, but I like it a lot.Someone had said it seems the sizes run big, but I usually wear a large and it was too large! So I had to exchange for a medium.Nice little inside pockets too, and the outside pockets zip. Also shipped really fast, comes from kentucky (at least mine did) and got across the country in 2 days.
B003ZJCEXO Comfortable; strange sizing. The material felt nice and they looked good, but the 'large' jacket I got was much larger than normal.I fit the Amazon size chart measurements for 'Large' almost exactly (42 chest, 36 waist, 34 arms) and every 'large' jacket I've bought before fit well, but this one was huge.I notice someone else had the same issue with the 'large' size.
B003ZJCEXO Perfect fit My husband is 6'3&#34;. I bought him the size large because that is what he normally wears in shirts. This jacket fit him perfectly and he really loves it.
B003ZJCEXO Exchange I got the jacket for my dad as a christmas present and he needed a large instead the extra large.
B003ZW2FJO Great deal! I bought these pants for my husband who is 6'1 and about 220lbs he likes his clothes a little loose, not baggy, and these were a perfect fit. I bought him a XX-Large and they fit him just right. The fabric is medium weight and the quality feels excellent.
B003ZW2FJO Too big. They don't fit. They are to big. I would be a lot happier if they were large. Have yet to receive my other pair.
B003ZW2FJO too large size I bought this pant as my size X-large, but it much bigger like XXl or more,maybe because it is a track pant , I think they Mean it ia walking pantAlso PUMA mark is removed after 1st wash
B003ZW2FJO Comfortable; strange sizing. The material felt nice and they looked good, but these pants were much larger (with the legs being both very baggy and much too long) than other 'large' size track pants I've bought.
B003ZW2FJO Pants too big and shiny Ordered a pant size XL and pants were 3 inches too long and unwearable.  I always wear XL in all my track/sweatpants.  This pair was way too big and the material much shinier than in picture
B003ZW2FJO Perfect fit! I bought a size large for my boyfriend and they fit perfectly.  Nice thick material, sewn really well and pockets are a plus.
B003ZW2FJO PUMA Mens Heroes T7 Track Pants Black/White, Large PUMA I'm 5'10 and I like the fit kind of long but okay. I love the feel of the fabric against my skin, not too hot after my workouts
B003ZW2FJO had to rebuy a size smaller in store These pants are great for some reason I thought large would be perfect but had to get medium but lost tags so. I figured I couldn't return them so I had to spend money again go to a puma store try them on and now I know im a medium large was huge so make sure you definitely know your true size before buying cause these are not cheap I lost out on alot of money :(
B003ZYW0CO Love it Bought this for my boyfriend. I have the female version and get tons of compliments.  Large viewing screen and stylish.
B003ZZ1CY0 too large for a womans wrist way to large to wear on your wrist make sure you see the measurement before you purchase return was not a problem
B003ZZ3EYQ Practical and Fun I bought this watch for my sister and she absolutely loves it! It's large on her wrist, but not obnoxious.
B003ZZ3F7C Scratches The first day I wore it, it got 2 large scratches on the screen and it was not like I was banging it against the wall.
B004A6RVUW Great gift Bought this for my 17yr old son who wears a Medium in shirts. I bought a large in the jacket and it fits over his clothes perfectly. He loves it! His friends love it too!
B004DKQY0I Great shoes! My son had these shoes previously and they do run somewhat large so we knew what size to order. He loves these shoes for track.
B004FV5L40 cool pants Nice pants, I would suggest getting the medium sized one, the large sized is too big unless you are plus sized
B004IZLG74 Fits as expected Wear 35 to 36 in jeans, bought a Large in these and they fit well.  They do feel to run a hair on the large size, so if you are in between  sizes, get the smaller ones.  Otherwise get the size you normally would.
B004S08NN4 Very Comfy! These capris are very comfy and soft.  The size does run alittle on the large side but it is not a problem due to the draw strings.
B004S08OSI Nice Very nice capri.  Like the zippers at the bottom, as I have skinny legs. Size tends to run alittle large.
B004WLEF6S great product great price These were exactly as advertised and my son loves them. He has a large shoe size (14), so I am glad these shoes fit him comfortably.
B004ZIT63U The Table for choose the fit is not Ok. The shoes fits too large. My daughter won't wear even in the next year. It looks for adults.  I have to resell it or give it to someone.
B004ZITHZC Awesome Pumas Bought these shoes for my grandson....he loves Puma.  While your website had a large variety the color we wanted wasn't available in his size.
B0051MR0V4 puma I loved the product, only xl size for my son as being very large'll take this into consideration for my next purchase, ask for brown and black sent me.Although it is satisfied with my purchase
B0051W04MQ Cut very small for and X-Large I was disappointed because the top is certainly not even a large!I am sure the quality is good,  but if it does not fit it won't matter.
B0053VMRR0 Too large Delivered on time. But the size small tee was too large and I had to return it. Other size small tees from PUMA have been of the right size earlier
B0057DPSQG Too large Large I wish I could return them but I can not. This is very frustrating as I have bought them before and they fit fine. But these don't.
B0057DPSQG Sizing is off Only medium sized briefs that I have purchased that do not fit properly. More of a large and does not retain shape well.
B0057DPSQG Fit is LARGE, stamped label is unbearable Make no mistake about it, these sizes run LARGE. But the bigger problem is the label, which is stamped into the inside back of the boxers with a sort of rubbery paint that sticks to the tender skin at the bottom of your spine. It is so awful these boxers pretty much can't be worn. I'm throwing them away.
B0057DPSQG Great buy I bought these for my BF for Christmas.  I read the other reviews and saw that people noted that these run large.  He is a bigger guy - 6'1&#34; and probably about 230...  He usually would take an XL, but the Large fit him perfectly.  He says they're comfy, too.
B0057DPSQG Wrong size These are HUGE.  The package on the outside said Youth Large, but the product is maybe a men's XL?  Crazy huge.
B0057DPSQG Soft but large Very comfy, very soft material, XL is still quite large for my 220lb husband, it is not like a underwear but a trunk.
B0057DPSQG A Little Large The fit of these was a title larger than similar items from other manufacturers, but they fit me just fine. Other brands were too tight in Large and too loose in size XL. Good quality and comfortable.
B0057DPSQG Puma Men's 3Pack They were too large and even when used by a bigger person (my brother) they didn't fit as expected. Didn't like them at all!
B0057DPSQG Sizes run high For some brands Large are too big, and others medium are too small. In this case, Large was way too big and even medium was a bit large. Other than that they are great, but if you're like me and are kind of in between two sizes def go with the lower for this
B0057DPSQG good Buy me came alive in Venezuela. The product is of very good quality but the size is excessively large. Says size M 32-34 &#34;I'm size 32&#34; and are not me. No I'll do with them are now very large
B0057DPSQG Too large for medium It is even for US sizes kind of big for medium size, however the quality of the product is perfect
B0057DPSQG larger than label Ok but thin materials and they are too large for the  medium label avoid these there better choices out there
B0058XE0GY Okay Fits large to size.  Hold up well and look good.  Don't seem to stretch much and are quite easy to clean.
B0058XF1V2 It runs one size large The shoes look great. They are made of decent material. However, they are a bit too large. I usually wear size 8.5 but I have to downsize to 7.5 for these Puma
B0058XFYDC Too Large for size stated! I have had at least 10 pairs of Pumas and always the same size, these are one size too large.  And they aren't that comfortable.  I'll have to put a insole in them.  Love the look and the shipping was extremely fast.
B0058XH4L2 beautiful style but run big Is perfect style, but run very large for me I am 8 or 81/2 I love it my shoes is very comfortable.
B0058XH4L2 Fit too large. Returned for refund Good service. Item as described. Nice shoes. Wish they had the next size down.
B0058XH5D4 Not recommend Fit a little large and are very wide! I don't wear them because they make my feet look fat..
B0058XH5D4 Too big I wear between a 8.5 - 9. These are a 9 and they feel at least 1-2 sizes too large
B0058XHEBM Poor fit and design The toe end of the Roma Basic narrows oddly such that is puts pressure on the joint-line of your feet.  The ankle opening is also oddly large so pants don't fall cleanly over, but bunch up at the top of the shoe instead.  Not recommended.
B0058XIVRS Somewhat large but ok with that ! very nice, very comfortable, no regrets !
B0058XJ9VK Runs large for a Puma Puma is a brand that tends to run small. I ordered my regular dress shoe size of 8.5, which usually seems a bit snug for me in a Puma. Unfortunately, this pair of Pumas were far too large, in both length and width. The heel also was large for me, a first for me in a Puma. The 8.5M sneaker felt more like a 9C or more on my foot. Those who usually wear Pumas will need to order down from their usual size.Regardless, it's a nice sneaker that looks and feels a lot like the Keds brand. I like the extra room at the vamp. I might try it again in a smaller size. Unfortunately, I'm not certain how much I'd need to go down. I wear a 8.5M in the Puma Zandy, and I just love that shoe - own 2 pairs of them. But this shoe, I think I'd wear a full size down.This Puma style is one that you have to try before buying. Thankfully, Amazon offered free returns.
B00594KN9K Very nice!. Is a good shoes but I received a shoes a little large but is fine. I like the steel and the confort.
B00595JOOY TOO LARGE I TRY TO REPLACE IT BUT WAS NO SIZE 9 TOO LARGE, I TRY TO REPLACE IT BUT WAS NO SIZE 9 ANYWAY I WILL KEEP IT  I THINK THEY PUT WRONG SIZE ON WRONG SNEAKERSTHANKS
B0059C9LMC lovely i ordered large was more like a medium and i loved the colour.it arrived on time and the zipper is study
B0059CGGYS PUMA Better quality of Puma pant very excellentBut size is too large "m", such as "L"I have purchased another one size "S" .... I have not got yet!I hope that is just perfect for me
B005ADO31O Disappointed Was not what I expected. I have a preference for large faced watched in all styles. Its no where near what I expected in size or looks. Very disappointed in the watch and Large should be taken off the discription.
B005HEK2J8 Sore feet As a lot of other reviews have uncovered, there is zero to no padding in the heel.  I wore these shoes 2 separate days, 9 holes each day and couldn't stand them.  Granted they do look very cool and I really wanted to like them but I generally walk when I play golf, and wearing these shoes make it impossible.
B005HEMSW2 nice size for gym clothes!!! vinyl, not for use every day but looks great!is also a lab top bag. have 2 small compartments and 2 large with clip for keys too
B005IKILF8 Too Big which is rare for Puma These sneakers are very cool looking, but I was very surprised at how large they were. As we all know, Puma runs small so I ordered 1/2 size larger than my usual. They were too long, and very wide. My foot slid from side to side while trying them on, and I was only standing still, on carpet.I had to return them. Usually Puma is large but not in this case. Try your normal size, and if you have a wider foot these may be perfect for you.
B005LCENDC LARGE is More like EXTRA Large. But Done It's Job. LARGE is More like EXTRA Large. But Done It's Job.
B005LCENDC Too Large Hi the 28'' was too large for me, but the product was awesome. For the sport guys this is best one for carrying your kit.
B005LCENDC very Nice!! this is not a GYM bag, It's not a handbag for traver light, 28&#34; is quite large and you can load it pretty!!
B005LCENV4 Well made, large but not too large I fit my beach towel, water and even a notebook. This is still new, but it seems to be well made and I think it will hold up.
B005OTA9R6 Pretty Love my pumas. only tennis shoe I wear. Order a bit large and youll thank me.
B005R506IO Good Product But way to large for my child probably when she is four or five years or more.  Thanks any way.
B005SF8XBU Big The size runs large. It does not fit. The quality and the colors are spectacular. And not to mention the price! which in itself was a bargain.
B005ZT6ODS For my daughter I bought the large for my 9 1/2 yo.  She is not overweight but she's a big kid she generally wears a 14 in gap kids pants.  These are exactly as expected.
B0065G775Y Like Not bad. I actually thought it would have been a bit smaller but since I see it is actually a very large bag, it's totally worth the price.
B006OEY2NC PUMA Faasure Reviews said to get the 10 and I did.  Way to big.  The 9.5 is a bit large but very comfortable.  This is a great shoe.
B006QOJ8PM I got them on suggestion. When I started pushing for my black belt I need a shoe that would stand up to a lot of running and working out.  They fit the way I expected, but I order a half size large than I usually do because the reviews say they tend to be snug.
B006QOJ8PM Size is not good I like the way it looks. It is pretty but the size is the problem as it is small from the sides and large from front and back.
B006QOJ8PM TOO LARGE..... NICE SHOES GOOD QUALITY  BUT TOO  LARGE, I ORDERED 91/2  AND THEY SEND ME SIZE 10 TOO BAD SO  DISAPPOINMENT........:(
B006QQ11IM great product is a little bit large, but its okthe seller is awful tho,never buy anything at shoe.comthis product came here with a pretty large SPOT (stained)not cool !!!!
B006QXOWHC classy cold weather wear This is a very nice hoodie though the large size looks and feels a tad larger. The quality is very good.
B006QXPZT6 Nice I like the material but i think if i got a small size would of been better becausei wear size 36 and usualy Large is good for me but this large is too long. Its like a 36/40
B006QXPZT6 Too large and unattractive I was not prepared, from the photo on the web site, for the unattractive wide white strip.  They looked like prison pants.  Also, way too large for a medium.
B006QXPZT6 it looks good in the pictures but would not recomend it !!!!!!!!!!!!! The medium fits like an XL and the small that i got after returning the medium ones fits like a somewhat a large/medium .
B006QXPZT6 Great fit I bought these for my husband for Christmas, he is 6'3&#34; and the large fit perfectly. They look fantastic on him!
B006QXPZT6 a medium is not a large Based on a review about size I ordered a medium. It was to small. I am now returning it to get a large, as is typical. The material is not light weight enough for a hard workout in the gym.  Still looking for light weight gym pants for a man with long legs.
B006R6V32A Puma Boys 8-20 Active Shorts The size Large seems more like a medium to me but it will still fit my son. The material is perfect for football, so I am happy I bought it.
B006SZ64BA Great I love it!  It has large numbers which are helpful when I glance down at it while running.  Pretty, too!
B006ULB7I2 thank you i purchased the Puma mens BMW bonded jacket size large....and it looksand feels GREAT!!....and iam getting a LOT OF COMPLIMENTS...thanks
B006VWJSL8 Puma Jacket Navy/White Large I love this jacket, I have owned Puma products before and have always liked there goods, but I was a little skeptical when reading all the reviews about the jacket and especially the pants, I have not ordered the pants yet, but I Love the jacket, I am 5'7&#34; and I ordered the large only because I ordered a medium for my son and I tried it on and it was a bit tight so I went with the large.  the material is good and not to thick or to thin. just right for wear every day or just for light work outs.  Love the jacket and highly recommend the product
B006VWJSL8 Five Stars I wear a large in nike but Puma is a size smaller (no matter what style/item)
B006VWJSL8 Awesome quality! This jacket has great quality! Yes, it does run a little big, but it's still a good size (got extra large for my boyfriend). Giving it to him for his birthday soon and I know he'll love it. I got the black & white one.
B006VWJSL8 Too Large Size is more than expected. It should be fit as expected but it is more large. so i returned the package
B0073JM59K fashionably fabulous Like them alot, got them a Lil too large , but overall they are sweet. like that they included extra set of shoestrings
B0073XIITC Puma I love Puma sneakers and ordered a 1/2 size larger in these because of the reviews I had read. They are only slightly large and I love them.
B007IW951S somewhat large It is somewhat large, it is not that usually look tis sie. I like Puma's shoes a lot and I never had any problem  size, but it is n excepcion.
B007IXCZZU somewhat too small when you walk, back of shoe slides off, it is not comfortable at all. donated the shoes to goodwill. just wore them one time
B007NQC2OQ somewhat small the straps don't reach all the way and the ankle slides off when I walk, I wore them once, and put them up to donate to goodwill
B007P4L4L8 comfortable Very comfortable. The waist area is only slightly stretchy (you need to tie the drawstrings in order for the pants to stay up. I personally prefer this over having a very tight elastic band. The waist is very big on me and I could easily fit into these pants if I had another 50 pounds added to my belly. I have to tie these tighter than they were intended, but they do not bunch up or look bad at the waist as you might expect).They were a bit long on me as well, as I expected after reading the other reviews. I had to hem a couple inches off. I would have preferred a men's XS or boys large 14/16, but I could not find them anywhere (in black). I was able to find some boys large 14/16 gray colored Sean John velour suits on Ebay that fit perfectly (without any alterations), but nothing in black.Overall very happy. I wish Puma (or any other brand) sold some black velour pants in men's XS or boys large. I checked out Puma's website and a number of other places but was unable to find them in my size. I usually wear 28x28 or so in jeans I think. It's been a while. I prefer comfortable sweat pants :)
B007P4O2LM It's large I am not sure if the sizes from Puma are a little different. I usually get 'M' size, but this one is larger than one expect. I had same experience when I bought track pants from Puma at Amazon sometime back. This purchase makes me think twice before doing any cloth shopping at Amazon.
B007P4OF5A somewhat large for me I'm pretty tall 6'2 and the arms lenght is alright but the size of the chest is huge hehe, after that, GREAT quality very comfy to wear
B007P5Y5WW Nice I love this hoodie and I am so glad I got a large because I like mine a little baggy and the large seems more like a medium compared to others I have.
B007Q36ALC Mommy and son approved! My 4 year old loves these and they are more secure them the Puma's with the large flapped velcro strap.
B007SJK51K Cute but big These are super cute shoes however they run large. The opening for your foot seems too wide to wear it without sliding out.
B007USEG6E Like it, but too large I was looking for a everyday wear men's sneaker without the excessively thick, over cushioned, or inflexible soles like on most other shoes. This one fit the bill nicely, but was a little large. I usually wear a size 10 shoe with every other brand including Asics, Nike, Brooks, and New Balance.  For the Pumas, I would say order about half to a whole size smaller.
B007W2YZ3W Too cute and but big. I love these shoes when I saw it online and more when I received it. They are super cute but too bad it run too large. I am between sizes (7.5-8). I ordered an 8 to be sure that they would fit, but it was too big. Too bad there wasn't any half size left.
B007WQH1SY They work Fit is good, toe box is a bit large and would like more padding under the heel. For the price they are great.
B0084CXICS White, Large Got this for my daughter. I ordered Large thinking its one size bigger then her usual Medium, but the size was just nice.Luckily I did not get her size M. Nice tshirt though.
B0084CXMLK Puma-Kids Girls 7-16 Girls Slider, Black, X-Large I was very dissapointed in the sizing of this top. I bought it in a -large for my 9 year old granddaughter, and it was way too small!  I had to give it to my younger granddaughter who is 5, and of course the sleeves were to long. The quality of the shirt was good just the sizing was all off. I'll think twice before I buy another Puma product.
B008A6BA64 Somewhat disappointed I normally wear a size 9B. The size 9 ran large. I've had Puma's before and usually wear a 1/2 size larger. I reordered a size8B and they fit. The shoe does not have much support. I would not wear them if I had to do a lot of walking. They're cutebut would not order another pair.
B008A6BLMW cool shoe the fit seems to run a bit large but the comfort is very good.these would be great if they would make an all black version. I may put new black laces iin just so i can wear with more outfits.
B008A6BLMW Very Comfy I commented somewhat large is because my real size is 7 and these shoes go for 'half sizes' only, the cords are too long but overall, I like it and will order the gray/white too if the price goes down later.
B008A6CIL0 too large this product doesn't fit, it's larger than standard shoes. Really, sound bad because shoes are really nice and comfortable for me.
B008A6KTKC Returned these Beautiful to look at and although it was supposedly the size I ordered (as marked on the inside) these were large and loose fitting. I would not order Puma's on line again, would make sure I was getting what I wanted.
B008A6KTKC Love the color The colors are vibrant! The tongue is sewn in which is new for me so that takes some adjustment.The heels are a bit too large and my right foot slips a lot and can be annoying but other than that they are great sneaks!
B008A6QIV6 They're cute... I got these shoes for about thirty bucks. I'd say it is money well spent. Great low profile shoe.The material on the upper leave a little to be desired; I am constantly cleaning them. They do run a little large. I normally wear an 8, but ordered a 7.5 bc Puma' tend to run a little large. But, even after going a size down, I have a noticeable amount of room...and I have wide feet. But other tan that I am pretty pleased.I use these in my boxing class. So i run, move and evade a lot with little to no problems.
B008ALWBFS Fits well. Comfortable. For a soccer shoe the size is perfect. Not large, but not too tight. It also has good grip.No longer information, because I`ve just started to use.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoe Shoes are a good fit, just make sure you buy 1/2 size large, as these shoes run small. Otherwise they fit great!
B008AXTOQ0 never buy them I am a marine so i have to run a lot. i looked at all the reviews and did like every one advised got it a half size big and they are boats. i went on one 3 mile run with them on wanted to run with out shoes a mile in
B008AXY38Y Returning The shoes are fine they just run large for the name brand. Sometimes these are so demandingLater good night
B008BXRZ9W my 1 year old loves these, and so does her mama! These shoes are great for toddlers, they run somewhat large but my daughter can get them on and off herself and LOVES them! The color is fun too!
B008E5VWTG I don't like I bought this product some months back, It is little bit large size. Any way i have manage this product
B008F06C7C Love these Love these shoes a lot. Only complaints are pretty typical with Pumas--they run a little large and have no traction.
B008F1798M Good quality, small fit. Quality is good but size runs a little small. I normally wear a men's large, but if I could order again I would definitely go extra large.
B008F195AW cozy the hoodie is very comfortable and the colors look great. the only thing you need to know before buying a puma hoodie is that they run a full size small. large normally fits me perfectly in every brand but puma I'd the exception. luckily I found that out while trying on hoodies at the store.
B008F2C8KK Too large Keep in mind you have to be a very big guy to wear this. Fortunately my brother bought a similar one but fixed too small one for him and we exchange, everybody happy... by luck...
B008J0W0XS thank you i purchased the Puma mens BMW lifstyle polo white in size large....and it looksand feels GREAT!!....and iam getting a LOT OF COMPLIMENTS
B008J0W4P2 Sent the wrong size! I bought this sweater for my husband as a gift and  I ordered X-large specifically because I know the large one of this type is too small for him. I received size L instead although on the website it shoes it X-large! Very dissatisfied. Have to return.
B008JGM4X8 See through From the description i thought this was a nice work out shirt, but it is see through so you would have to wear a tank under it, which to me personally is uncomfortable.  Also, the large is a very very small large.  Normally I wear a medium shirt but got a large because if i cant try it on when i buy it i'll get a size larger than needed, but when i got this, i had to double check and make sure i'd ordered a large... it fit me like a small.  Very displeased, so i sent it back to get a refund.  Also, be careful because they dont refund you the full price!
B008M7S5NC The red die bleeds the red die on the sneaker bleeds - so since I cross my feet a lot I now  own pink sneakers. Hard to believe a name brand like Puma would do this...may be a counterfeit
B008QY1N9O They are a little to Large The shoes are about a size to large. I can wear them but they pinch the top of my feet when I squat down to line up putts. I have to keep them but I will order a size smaller next time.
B008QY1X0S Too large for me It is just too large...I can not believe it is a size of 9...My other shoos are all size of 9..
B008R40UCY Cool sneakers but... Very cool and stylish but they kind of run large. No half sizes.It is best to get a size smaller.
B008UR8U6Q great One of my faves ima women that wares a large i bought a small fits great looks just like photo strong material!!!
B0098IBSTM Pumas are the most comfortable shoe! These shoes ran just a little large it seems, but overall are comfortable and I am happy with the purchase.
B0098X5NMU very light and warm, but too large I bought PUMA Men's SF Padded Jacket, Black, Medium, It's very light and warm, but too large. It's looks  like Large size. I sold to my friend.
B0099MPSJS Buy if you're on the large size The quality was amazing but too large. More of a 2XL than a large. I usually wear large this was too big.
B0099MPV2C Great, But Too Big First I have to say that the product looks and feels amazing. The quality that it is made out of is really good. The only problem is that it fits too big. The sleeves are really long, if you are a large I would recommend a medium and so on.
B009CNN0I0 Nice looking but very large in the waist I bought these for my son. The length was fine, but there was no drawstring and they were too big in the waist for him to wear.
B009FE8MB6 Fits Too Large These shoes I had to return because the sizing is too large.  So large, they felt like they would slip off when I tried walking in them.  Perhaps I'll just order a full size smaller of these in the summer time.
B009FE8QLM a bit large... they run a bit large... like 1/2 size. ugh.... i gotta send them back to get a smaller size. :-(
B009FM4GK4 super comfortable! Very comfortable shoes, a tiny bit large but not to discomfort. The front at the toes isn't hard so there are fold marks as you wear it more.
B009FM5NTM Too large I thought the product was too large, but I really liked the design of the shoes and will get a different pair in the future.
B009FMR6D8 larger than I expected, real nice shoes like the shoes however they were much large then other size 12M I had worn, style was great got a return for a 11.5M
B009FMRIS6 Great deal thanks! I don't really too much to say about it cause I like it, but it a little bit too large for me.
B009LA8GFG Mmmm Looks fantastic on my man who is between a medium & large, but due to his broad shoulders & muscular arms, the Large was certainly the better choice & fit.  A fine purchase!
B009LA8GFG Great Tee Fit perfectly. I would recommend, just as described. Very fashionable, not to large, not too small. Great to wear out or to the gym. Overall very satisfied.
B009MNYG1U Good but a little bit large. I like this PUMA but it is somewhat large, If possible, I would like to exchange to have a size 11.5. I can not even wear or give five stars neither because of that size. Thank you for comprehension
B009XG1Z56 Runs large I ordered a size small which is supposedly equal to a size 8, but it is closer to a size 10/12. Runs large.
B009XG1Z56 Larger finer but fine The shorts are really lightweight, thin and run large. They were purchased for my younger son who wears a medium, but my older son who wears a men's small or boy's extra large fit in them, so now they are his.While I wouldn't necessarily repurchase them, my kids like them and thereforet recommend them, but again caution about size and quality.
B00A3UEX96 Fits Like A Glove!! Fits just right. I'm glad I didn't get the large. The size chart was a great help in making the call.
B00AANI3NS good i love it ,yes its somewhat large but i will use it , i like the colour and the model
B00AI222Y2 Runs large I typically wear size 11, even in a Puma Faas running shoe. Going to return this for 10 1/2. I do like the style and are very light.
B00AKDOX8C My review The size ran a little large.  They are comfortable work-out shorts, but the fabric around the draw-string holes rips easily.
B00AKSPA0M Too big This is not a medium in the typical sense, I would say it's more like a large - would return it if it was not so much bother
B00AKSY3RS Largest large size ever Pants are of good enough quality but cut very large in every way. Did not  wear them after initial try on. I am not going to return them , it's more trouble than its worth. I will donate them to a charity. I bought the same type of pants in Adidas and Nike and they fit great. I would not buy this brand again.
B00AKUCU7G Great buy for the price if you are too cheap to get the Adidas like me, this is good, for under $20 you can't beat it, I am 5'8 190lbs muscular build the large fits me just right, hope this helps
B00AKUCU7G Nice jacket Very Nice design And colors, it fits somewhat large in 2xl more than expected, very confortable jacket.I want another one in black color, but size xl :)
B00AOAQAJG Item was not quite right I have never worn a Puma brand and was disapointed that the size I wear was were somewhat small. The narrow height toe section was very short and my large toe jammed the frront edge.  I could almost weat them but to walk in them all day would have not been good on my large toe for it pressed against the shoe.  The other disapointment is that they could not be exchanged.  I had to return them for a refund..
B00AOBC4JA Very cute but too large Very very very cute shoe but ran too large so I had to return it. Of course I'm going to reorder a smaller size!
B00AOBC4JA Snazzy Alternative to Traditional Sneakers The 9.5s I originally ordered were a bit large, but I exchanged them for 9s and they fit wonderfully. Can't wait to wear them a bunch this summer!
B00AOCE7IA Nice Shoe I ordered these shoes because I needed a good sneaker to take Zumba classes. Most of my sneakers grip the floor so it is hard to do turns, which is causing problems with my knees. I like the look of the shoe but they were too large at the toe box, almost a 1/2 inch too large. I normally buy shoes in a size 9 but will return for a size 8 1/2.
B00AOCE7IA I wait a long time for them, but I love it!!!!!!! My new puma are beautiful, comfortable, just i love it&#8230;. Just fit some large&#8230; but is not a problem with a socks is fixed...
B00AOCE7IA My daughter loved the shoes. Puma is what she requested My daughter loved the shoes. Puma is what she requested, but they were too big. I bought her size, but this shoe must run large. will need to return them.
B00AOCE7IA Not for dancing Unable to pivot, the bottom of the tennis is not flexible, so hard.Too large, it got loose out of my foot, in the less than a minute
B00AOD2OQ6 Loved them... Loved everything about the shoe but the size. I normally wear an 8.5-9 and these were a bit too large at 8.5. Got a new pair of 8s and they are my current fave sneaker.
B00AODW9HA Three Stars I own other Pumas and the size I wear is 11 1/2 but these were too large.
B00AOE059S Kinda off looking Ordered large based on reports these run small.  I found they run tighter rather than larger and had to return.  They were inexpensive and looked it.  Did not seem like they would hold up.
B00AOGL8E2 Shorts sizing is inconsistent with top. The fabric is a medium weight.  They're sewn well.  Very good quality.  However the large shorts are inconsistent with the large top.  Large fits like an extra large. I think perhaps these were sized for people who like to wear their pants hanging off the bottom of their rear. I should have read other people's comments first.
B00AOOH730 Comfortable Good comfortable shoe. I bought it a half size too large but it's OK, when it's hot and I'm walking a lot it works just fine.  I am a fan of Puma shoes so definitely recommend this one.
B00AOOZP3Y Nice shoes but fit ran really large I wore these once and found that they didn't fit as a normal 11 US does.  Try them on first.
B00AORB3DW They where a half size to large I needed a ... They where a half size to large I needed a size 9 but, hey at least they fit rather easy
B00AQ1HX1C Too small After washing It was much smaller than other large puma t shirts I have.  I would probably need to go to next size up
B00ASRJFA6 Perfect for sasquatches like myself Large, comfortable fit, breathable. I would buy these socks over and over and over again. I love them. They are soft, high quality, and actually fit large feet.
B00AWYUO46 PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Rosso Corsa, Large PUMA Men's SF Track Jacket, Rosso Corsa, Large  excellent look and quality fits as expected from Puma size Medium ..
B00AY6NZDE One size too large I have a pair of Puma Suede in size 8 which fits me perfect and an 8 in these felt about a full size (or half) too large. Had to return 'em.
B00B5HUIO0 PUMA Suede 2 Strap Sneaker The shoes are large. I should have bought 1 size down. I will except, my toddler will grow into them. They are comfortable. Overall, I do like them.
B00B5WFE26 Nice shorts but.... I bought these shorts for track practice, and im kind of small so I knew I could fit these. They are very cute but make sure that you get and X- Large because the Large was a little tight, it felt like a medium. I think the sizing goes like this: X Large - size 16, Large - 14, Medium - Size 12, Small - Size 10. I will probably order again, but this time in a bigger size.
B00BCI9BPE Good It's good. For a size large its kinda looks like Medium. But I'm glade I got it large . :)
B00BX6YCFO Goog Fit large in my daugther but she is happy because like it and the style and color is excelent, no problem because in a few months the shorts fits good.
B00C7MQI2S Lovely! Great quality, happy, vibrant colors. I bought a size 5 for a 4 year girl and it fits a little large. We are in no hurry to wear it right away, so I'm very happy with my purchase. Do recommend!
B00C7VDWJQ Not an oversized hoodie I bought a large because I wanted to be able to wear multiple layers under it in very cold weather. I normally wear a medium. I think this sweatshirt will do the truck but I was hoping it would be a little roomier.
B00C7VHPY4 One Fine Jacket! But bigger The Size is too large. I was using a xxl Fleece jacket before. But this one is too big :( I wound recommend otherwise. The problem this product doesn't have a replacement :(
B00C7VHPY4 Great Hoodie! I got this at a great price, under $40. It is very comfortable, warm and looks great. I'm always between a large and extra large and this in extra large fits nicely. At $75 I would be ok with it, at $60 happy but at $40 I Love it!
B00CAJUUVS Love them The only reason it was a little it large is because I bought a size to big but it is a great shoe. Very cute
B00CAJXM0Y Very comfortable, but too large. The arch is wonderful, but because the shoe is too large, the arch is too far back.  I'm returning both pair, but have ordered replacements.  Thanks for asking.
B00CAK38DY Was not what I expected I like the shoe, but it was to large a man's shoes. I sold them to a friend. That's why  stars
B00CAK38DY Very comfortable, but too large. The arch is wonderful, but because the shoe is too large, the arch is too far back.  I ordered two pair, green and purple.  I'm returning both pair, but I have ordered replacements.
B00CKYSQS2 Good Quality The quality of the product is very good and I like it but I bought a size Large which is what I usually wear & in this cut it looks a bit bigger.
B00CN5BWTI Too large to wear this winter. It was a beautiful set but it was way too large for my granddaughter to wear this year.  Thank you.
B00CXKDQ2O its okay normally i bougth large but when i bought this time larege is too small for my son, alos the meterial is no too good
B00D9M3CFQ I got the small size. I thought the torso area was rather large compared to the shoulders and chest. I guess it's a modern fit? But compared to another Puma Men's SF polo, the one without the line on the front chest, that one, the torso area wasn't as large or wide as this one. And as for the area above the chest line, the texture is a little different, rough and not as soft on the inside as the torso area.
B00DDZRV4M This shoe is perfect, but the size is somewhat large in comparation with others brands. This shoe is perfect, but the size is somewhat large in comparation with others brands.So, if I tested before, I woul had choosed  8.0 size.
B00DGBF3RU Five Stars Was too large bate I love it
B00DOL32BQ It is too large If Anyone want to buy this shose you should select your exact size. The quality is good and it is comfortable.
B00DS5M6FQ runs really small Had to return my daughter couldn't wear it.  I ordered XL and a lot of her shirts are large and she still fits in them just fine.
B00DY6160A Amazing shoes though Little large Those shoes feel like heaven!! Soo comfortable even if a bit large. I love them, definitely would advice it to others
B00DY61E2U Too large for me Too big I'm a 8.5 or 9 . Puma doesn't fit my son yet I brought it big intentionally thank u!
B00E6BIURY LIL DISAPOINTED SAYS LARGE BUT FITS LIKE A MEDIUM. WOULD GET ONE SIZE BIGGER IF YOU DON'T LIKE FORM FITTED CLOTHING. BUT WELL MADE!
B00ETI0GFI Some small Could I change it? because I think may can more comfortable if would be a little more large. thank you!
B00EUS6JZ8 it`s too large my kid almost 2  years it`s too large for him but i will keep it for next year thank you  .
B00EUS6MAA Size runs large The size runs big but very nice my son is large for his age so I was suprised.  Perfect for cooler weather
B00FRG62HM Nice color - slightly large. The &#34;sunset orange&#34; color was not available as an image but I risked it and it is a very lovely orange (slightly coral).  A medium was a little large...she usually wears size 8.  We'll keep it though as it'll fit down the road.
B00FRK9HZC very large not adjustable and elastic is very large. not a good fit. got a small for my 8 year old and these are too large, will fall down. but good quality and great looking short. buy a size smaller than you normally would.
B00GOMDK9Q They fit! I have large feet and these socks actually fit!  They are comfortable and don't slide down as you walk.  I will buy them again.
B00IO6YCWY Fit is Too Small I like the seem in front which would have given a better fit because I am well endowedhowever... I DISLIKED the fact that the leg holes had no 'give' and the fit was overall smaller than advertised.  Someone who fits a large needs and Extra Large.Not a great product
