B000R4XHRC Look a little smaller than a regular, but I don't like a stuff chins made Look a little smaller than a regular size and I didn't see that was china made. I don't like china made
B001B86AHW nice overall look, but misshapen i bought these shoes for my son, and i really like them except i am so disappointed because i have to return them - the sole at the toe of one of the shoes is misshapen/poorly made. :(
B001CHG1YY knock offs First off i never write reviews bout in this case i just have to say: do not buy these! I have been wearing Pumas for 20 years and these are not real pumas. All of my shoes were made in Indonesia and lo and behold when I looked at where these were made, they were made in China. definately not authentic. After 3 times of wearing these, the suede ink was running and the white stripe on the side of the shoe was an off white color that looks dirty. Very disappointed. If you want these shoes, I would recommend going to the Puma website and purchase them there.
B001CHG1YY Knock offs??? My son was VERY unhappy with these shoes.....he already owns a pair of Puma's similar to these and he has loved them.  But, these are a different story.  One shoe fits the other one is too big, WAY too big.  I think these must be &#34;knock offs&#34;.  They certainly aren't  like the other ones he has.  I am returning them.
B001H0EY2C market saturated, cheaply constructed. These shoes appear to be yellowing - literally yellowing - on the shelves in stores all over New York City.  I don't know what they made the white part of the soles from, but they should consider changing it because it actually turns yellow with age like the plastic on an old computer, except apparently much much faster.I can't speak to their comfort, however, because Amazon/FootLocker sent the wrong size, so I had to return them to a FootLocker that had stopped carrying them.
B001OOMWGG shoes We received the shoes just as described and they were just what my daughter wanted.  They made it here in less time then expected which made her even happier.  Thanks for the fast shipment!
B001VH7UQS love the boots...if they weren't knock offs! these boots were amazing until i realized they were knockoffs!!! i own several pairs of pumas and purchased these on amazon, wore them twice and realized the decals on the side were STICKERS!!!! and are falling off!!! these are not authentic, beware of seller!!!
B002EL3KQE poorly made unwearable after 2 months. These shoes started coming apart 3 weeks.after we bought. The cheapest made shoes I have ever found. Ill stick with skechers and sauconys.
B002EL3MCQ I love pumas I always buy pumas for my son. He loves them as much as I do. They are made well and fit is always true.
B002RFQLMM Fake! Yes they are cheap but they are FAKE!!!I compared them and the logos are wrong. Also you can tell the material is low quality.
B003EE7XGS Never again a waste of my money These sneakers look fake as ever the inside pad is felling out when it should be glue in at .
B003EED8VM Poorly made The first pair I bought developed a tear in the upper leather right at the toe - the seam split after a couple uses. I had thought maybe it was a defect, as there isn't a lot of overlap between the two leather pieces where it is sewed. I returned them and got a second pair. On the first use this pair did the same thing. It is not an issue of the shoe being too small, either, as there is quite a bit of room between the from on my toes and the tip of the shoe; they are just poorly made/designed.
B003EEH7NM olga aun esta es fecha que las compras no me han llegado incluyendo estos pumas......x eso no podre recomendarselos a nadie....
B003LY4LL6 Pretty sure these are knock-offs OK so these are shoes....they'll keep your feet from getting cut while walking on glass, but if these are Puma Californias, then I am the Queen of England.There is virtually no leather on the shoe to speak of...a feature left conspicuously absent in the description.I have numerous pair of Californias and these resemble them in only the faintest respect.Oh and another thing? If I want to return them then I am out 18 bucks!...Thanks alot ShoeZoo!!! You've made a lifelong ZAPPOS customer out of me!!!!!!
B003MAJWCW Not like my good Pumas, they rub on my heel I thought these were like my other pumas.  They rub on the back or your heel.  They are too low in the back.
B003ZW2FJO This stuff is fake so do not buy it.  I can't believe Amazon allows such a cheap high priced product on thier inventory. I bought these as a simple addition to my basic sweat inventory and boy was I surprised they would allow this stuff on Amazon.  These are fake, poorly stitched and the labels are obviously fake.  Very poor quality and no real additional features like zippered ends to the bottoms and for the price you would expect a lot more and on top of that just simply look fake as heck and probably are.
B00439GCEM Wow these are bad These are very hard on the inside with an uncomfortably high arch. They are very loud when walking and have no flex to them. I didn't like how my heel sat so low in them, and they made my feet look a mile long. The stripe is also too shiny. I've never had Pumas before so I don't know if they're all this uncomfortable but these are bad. I returned them.
B00439GCEM Poorly made I bought these shoes because I stand on my feet all day at work, and Pumas have always been comfortable. This particular style did not last a month before one started splitting at the seam that attaches the plastic part of the shoe design to the fabric part.
B004GEAVUK Poorly made sneaker These sneakers are not well made, the loops that hold the laces ripped within 2 weeks of wearing the shoe.Also it is a narrow fit.My son loves how they look, but for better quality try other brands.On the plus side, Amazon refunded the full purchase price for me without too much hassle.
B004J4X4TW Poorly made Puma is one of my favourite shoes and never had a problem with them. But for some reason this one is just poorly made. The synthetic leather is very thin and it just looks and feels plastic. You even get the squeaking noise that you wouldn't normally get from real leather or well made synthetic. Also, they run narrow but that's not new for pumas. Another thing that I don't like is that they are lower at the ankle so you'll have to tie the laces hard enough so it won't come off your foot. I really wanted to like this shoe since it looks nice but it's just not right.Sorry, but I wouldn't recommend it. I would return it but to spend about half the amount on shipping, it's just not worth it.
B004VSDUJU Horrible and fake Thia sneakers ar&eacute; the more horrible fake puma i ever seen in my life I use then just for one day and tear on parts i wold like my money back
B004WLEF6S KNOCK OFFS!!! There is no way these are real Pumas.  The souls are NOT stitched, which real Pumas are and the Puma swoop doesn't look right either.  There are also Pumas typically on the markings the back that are not on these.  TOTAL knock offs!  These guys probably have Coach purses as well...
B004ZIP5GW Too heavy, too bulky Have a few other pairs of Pumas, love them. These are very heavy, bulky shoes. Not a fan at all.
B004ZIT63U not the real thang Knock offs, poorly made fake pumas. Obvious due to mess of glue on heel and yellowing in some parts. Poorly made
B004ZIT63U boot leg shoe the shoe came with epoxy filled souls due to air leak looks like a knock off puma shoe made in china
B0058XE0GY weird very poorly made shoe. After playing soccer in them once the rubber started peeling away from the shoe. Whats worse is that the shoes aren't exactly the same size. The right shoe isn't the same shape as the left shoe and it is tighter around the toes. You can tell from looking at it that the right shoe is more pointed where the left one is more rounded. When I saw that these shoes are made in china, it all made sense.
B0058XG1CA Not US soldier friendly...... I bought this item back in November of 2012.  These sandals are poorly made I used for approximately 6 weeks before they started to separate and fall apart.  I am extremely disappointed , I thought I was paying for a better made sandal than what I received.  My 3.99 Walmart flip flops lasted a whole year .  Apparently I will be buying another brand of sandals/flip flop to last the rest of my deployment.
B005901IP2 terrible! poorly made!! These sneakers are horrible! The right shoe is much much smaller than the left shoe. The width is too tight and the sneaker is too short length-wise. You also can not wear these sneakers when it rains. No proper grip. I've slipped several times and the last time I fell and had to be taken to the hospital, was prescribed muscle relaxers and pain killers... smh. In all my years I've never had a problem like this before. I totally regret buying these pumas with a gift card that was given to me for my birthday. total waste of money.
B00595JAYI They Look Fake i contact Puma and they said they only have 2 series of yellow Ferrari pumas and guess what this is not it...Plus in Original pumas ( any Model) the puma is not embroil...
B005CC3PL2 poorly made these shoes are poorly made after and week and a half the slide part of the shoe is tearing.  It is a cheap shoe at an expensive price!  The foam on the top of the shoe is tearing after little wear.  I haven't even worn them outside my house yet!  VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
B005ZFCUIA luv the shoes I really am thrilled about my pumas. They are very comfortable and styling. I highly recommend pumas period of any kind. Pumas are fast and very awesome.  I luv my shoes pumas rock!
B006QO2SD6 Poor design These shoes will not stay on your feet! The back of the shoe barely covers the heel! These were poorly designed.
B006QOJ8PM Looks fake My husband wore it once and already started to have lines on the sides of the shoes, it is the same look of the knock-off/fake shoes around...If I could just take it back to the seller I will, so that he/she could see what I'm talking about. I was dismay with the shoes!
B006QQ11IM They made my feet look big. I had to return them because they were a little big. They also made my feet look big so I wasn't satisfied with the sneaker.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great!!! I was afraid about this shoes when I made the purchase, but when I got them I love them ,
B006QYHHFU FAKE! bought it as a gift for my father. but so disappointed when I got it. it looks so cheap. I know how FAKE puma looks like. Don't buy it. just spent like 15 bucks on it, so i don't even wanna waste gas returning it!
B0073XIITC Poorly Made I bought these shoes less than a month ago and they're already ripped in TWO spots. The shoes are adorable, but they just don't hold up.
B0077BZLB8 poor quality These shoes are made poorly. They are uncomfortable and cheap. I would not reccomend these to anyone at any price.
B0077CZI6K Perfect This shoes come in the same conditions you expect from buying from any show store....The material is genuine and not fake
B007J5A6OE Great boots at a great price I wear these boots more that I had expected. I planned on wearing them for work and they made their way to being my primary shoes.
B007M6BCZW Either a knock off or just poorly made James TurmanThe shoes arrived in the allotted time, but the quality and fit were suspect as soon as I put them on. For $30, my expectations weren't very high, but these are the kind of shoes found at the flea market masquerading as the real thing. I would not recommend them.
B007MCNL6O Cute silver Pumas I bought Hush Puppies in a US13.5 and they fit perfectly, these are in a size US1 but it'll be a while before she can wear them.  She does like them and they appear to be made well.
B007MF7IRY Love my pumas Totally like them they ferl so winderful ..And i recommed them to all .. Great price And very beautuful .
B007P3OLOQ fake? i have several puma boots. these do not resemble puma quality and the materials resemble typical knock-offs. if these are real puma boots, you fooled me. sent em back. just awful.
B008A6K4HU Disappointed Poorly made-The sneakers that I received are definitely not black. They are more of a charcoal grey, so if you were looking for a black colored sneaker, these are not them. The material is so poorly made. I am thinking that I will probably get a max of a months worth of runs out of them . They are very narrow as well and are not worth the price if you are using them to run indoors or outdoors .
B008A6QIV6 poorly made shoe These shoes are cute, but the do not have support.  They are also too flexible.The price was right - $30 - but I don't recommend.
B008A6YWMI ripped The shoes fit fine and I like how they look but they were made very poorly. After wearing them twice the fabric ripped from the side and made a hole in the shoe.
B008ALI936 i got cheated fake shoes, not real Puma, is like plastici got it, and i used one time,,simply i got cheated
B008AXY38Y Pumas are good shoes. I have always liked Pumas.  The only ones I don't like are the ones without any padding and no real heel on them, which Puma has quite a bit of out right now.
B008AZEC1U You get what you pay for... I bought these for work. My job is very active, and I am constantly walking back and forth on a concrete floor. So I prefer a light weight running shoe with good cushioning/bounce. But because they are for work, I don't like to pay too much and typically browse items on sale/clearance. I like the way these looked and fit my budget. I've worn Pumas in the past and liked them. However, the picture on here is a little deceiving. The front toe cap looks to be some sort of ventilated mesh. But when they arrived, that obviously was not the case. The whole shoe is this fake, plastic/leather material. It's quite cheap, the shoes are not breathable at all, and after only a week of wearing them, they already display serious signs of wear and tear. The logos and stitching aren't even embroidered; the whole thing is one uniform piece. They almost seem fake; cheap knock-offs. I'll never buy another pair of these and will invest more money in my feet in the future. I don't recommend these at all.
B009F9O7RY Poorly made within a few months of playing ball with this poorly made boot, it started coming apart, was very disappointed as this was a birthday gift to my hubby...will think twice before by puma again
B009FM4BCW Chinese made pumas vs Indonesian made I own a couple pairs of these. I order the same size and they fit completely different. They are to tight. There are other minor differences also.  I realized that the others that I have no problems with are made in Indonesia and this pair is made in China.
B009FN6NRW Luv the cat The fit is perfect luv the colors made a real splash with my friends and the price was right luv it
B009G1UD2E don't buy I wore these shoes less than two weeks and I have wore out the heels. Very poorly made shoes.I will not by PUMA again.
B00A000RO4 Not the quality that I was expecting I bought these shoes for the gym thinking that I would have a super high quality ones because it is made by PUMA. But these was not the case. I think that these shoes are not original. The sneaker is poorly made, you can see the glue on the sides of the shoe. The sneaker tongue has an awkward fit. The only thing that I like is the pink color.
B00AOCE7IA Won't do for me! Shoes do not appear to be made of real leather.  They are inflexible and the heel rubs up and down on my heel despite the shoes being too short .  These are totally unsatisfactory for dancing.
B00AONW9JS I made a real and nice purchase. It is extremely beautiful and comfortable pair ... I made a real and nice purchase. It is extremely beautiful and comfortable pair of snicker shoes. I would buy another ones like these ones.
B00AY6107M Another Great Puma Product These shoes are super comfortable and very well made. I love them! I have never had a bad experience with anything made by Puma.
B00CKMJHIC It is fine but larger than I expected If a wallet a little larger than most does not bother you this is fine, looks decent but it feels a little cheap. That said at this price I was not expecting something made in Italy.The closest this comes to a real Ferrari is the hologram. Another made in China product that is not going to last long but still neater than most $35 wallets. Big!
