B000FPLEOG Stylish, but not for people with wide or flat feet I really like the way these shoes look, but they didn't fit me quite as well as I would have liked.  The shoes were slightly too narrow, and became uncomfortable over time.  They slipped on very well, and the strap in the middle helped keep the shoe in place.  The real problem is that I have very flat feet and bad ankles, and these shoes provide little to no support.  After a while wearing these shoes my feet would start to hurt, but for someone with more &#34;normal&#34; feet, I'm sure these shoes would be fine.Overall, I really like the style of these shoes, but because of my foot problems I ended up giving these to a friend.
B000HAWJ66 Narrow shoes These shoes are very narrow so it is important that you as the consumer buy a whole size bigger if you are interested. Other wise they are comfortable and stylish.
B000K7EIME Great Shoe! I Have purchased these shoes for years! I have a narrow foot and it's got great arch support for a low profile shoe.
B000K7EIME Most comfortable shoes on earth I love these shoes. they are so comfortable... I have narrow feet and a high arch and they hug my feet perfectly but still are comfortable and not at all squished. I always want to own a pair of these shoes till I die. For realsies.
B000MS9RVS Great shoes These shoes sure look stylish. My only complaint would be that it is very narrow. Make sure you get them one full size larger.
B000R4XHRC I LIKE IT BUT!!! GREAT STYLE BUT TO NARROW ,, NEEDS TO BE STRETCHED TO TIGHT AT TIMES
B000R4XHRC On the narrow sude The shoes look nice but are a bit stiff and narrow for my husband.  He has been diligently trying to break them in.
B000R4XHRC Rad shoes bit narrow These shoes are awesome but run a tiny bit narrow in the toe box for me. I have heard that Pumas run narrow.
B000R4XHRC Narrow Don't get me wrong and I love the shoes although the width on theme seems to be a little snug
B000R4XHRC great shoe very satisfied with this shoe. not exactly what I expected but not far off by much. reviews I read said the shoe is a bit narrow and it is. I read the review ordered them and I can deal with it. I put a stretcher in them and it helps with the breaking in of the leather. some people with a wide feet might want to use one for a longer time but hey. puma's have always come narrow than most shoes. they're still a great shoe.
B000R4XHRC skimpy they look very substantial in the photo. They are quite light(which is not a bad thing) and are narrow as far as width goes. The arch is also different in each shoe.
B000R4XHRC Very cool look - just remember Puma runs narrow I think the title says it all - but why not add a few more lines.I had a pair of these for ages and they finally fell apart - so I was thrilled to find these at Amazon.  They are super cool looking, and comfortable...except that they tend to run a bit narrow.  So keep that in mind when you order.
B000R4XHRC Too narrow. Sending back, hope for a fast turn around so I can get some others coming.  ????? This is rthe problem with not being able to try on the shoes first. I guess thats the sacrafice for getting discounted shoes online.
B000R4XHRC All good except... I was pleased with the quality for the price. They do run narrow though, I had to return them. Unfortunately, one size larger was not available.
B000R4XHRC A bit to narrow. To narrow for &#34;D&#34; width.  .  Foreign made brand shoes should conform to accepted American  average measurements.  No more business to you from me.
B000R4XHRC Pumas too tight I needed a wide shoe,these are too tight. I did not realize the size I ordered was so narrow, but they are a nice looking sneaker.
B000REX1DW Perfect 4 the Price The Puma Speed Cat SD sneaker is by far one of the best sneakers I've worn in a while. There are only a handful of such sneakers that fit this persona of such quality. I have always wanted a pair of these since they first came out several years ago, however, I've just been leary because my foot is narrow and small. The moment I tried them on, instant comfort. There have been few sneakers that I've been able to say that about, 'instant comfort'.I have received many compliments about this sneaker. I think it's probably because of the sleekness of the design, as it is not only sleek, but sexy even. Other reviewers have stated that wearing it for prolong times guarantees soreness on the sole of the foot. I have found this to be slightly true. The toebox is a little tight against the smallest toe on either foot, but I believe the more it's worn and the shoe will become looser, this problem will diminish. If you have this problem, switch to another pair of shoes for a few days. Actually, this is recommended anyhow from medical doctors to balance the form of walking and alignment of the spinal cord.I wouldn't know what to say about this sneaker for people who have narrow feet. I would say to try it. I didn't have to order a half-of-size larger or a whole size larger. I order a size 9, (my actual foot size), and I was perfectly fine with the sneaker fitting. I also wouldn't recommend going a half size smaller, then the sneaker will fit too snugly. If you have a wider foot, I probably wouldn't buy these Pumas as they would most likely damage the ankle, and possibly even cause swelling.All-in-all, a great sneaker. I tried to purchased the leather Pumas, but they were sold out. These are the next best ones, and better yet, the suede/leather cleans just as easily. I wouldn't recommend these sneakers if you're going out in the snow or rain, mud/anything soft like clay, etc. I never wear sneakers of quality like this out. Recommendation, bring your hiking boots. As far as terrain goes, just don't go climbing rock walls with these on. traction is surprisingly well-made, not too bad for standing on uneven terrain. I wouldn't say to do this for long periods of time. (These sneakers are great for guys with smaller feet), the excellent ability to move are outstanding. Originally designed for motocross, I suppose that's why.OUTSTANDING FOR THE PRICE.Other great sneakers for people who have small, narrow/er feet; (Reebok Freestyle Hi, Reebok Ex-O Fit Lo, and of course, Puma Speed Cat SD).***** stars
B000REX1DW Most comfortable shoe!!! This is the second pair for me to buy for my son.  He wants to always have a pair because they are so comfortable.  He is 10 yrs old, wears a mens size 9. His feet are like narrow boat oars!!  These shoes fit him perfectly and he says he can sneak up on anyone!  Treads are silent and feel like bare feet!
B0011SQ8F6 WOW! This is my first pair of Pumas but it definitely will not be my last. I think the shoe is stylish and it great. I have an un-landscaped yard (very very dirty!) and mountains/boreal bush all around. The Puma Women's Complete Trailfox II is dark and handles the wet/mud great. I just had surgery on both knees in April and ordered these pumas just a month after. They have amazing traction, honestly it is phenomenal how comfortable these pull-on (optional lace-up) off roaders are! I think they look narrow but I have wider feet and they are ok. I think the toe could be less pointy. There is great arch support for those who need it, I do not but it does not bother me to have it in there. My only complaint is that these pumas do not breath as well as other shoes however, that comes with the off road terrain territory. Not sure if you can have water resistant (to some extent), durable and breathable shoes.
B0014ZB1TE Very narrow and hard to lace! While we got a great deal on these cleats, we had to return them. The cleats themselves run very narrow and are very difficult to lace. Most Puma shoes run narrow and these are no exception. They seem like they would be very difficult to break in, so we are returning them for a wider brand. My son has a very wide toe box and narrow heel. If the person you are buying these for has feet like like I would pass on these cleats.
B0019L6UMQ Gorgeous, useful, but narrow The coolest sneaker ever! I wish I had a pair for myself! They look fabulous on my daughter, and she's very comfortable in them. I'd suggest sizing up, though, b/c, as with the adult Pumas, these run narrow and have a low profile (so, not a lot of room in the toe box). So, the one downside of these shoes is that I fear they won't really last as my daughter's feet grow... but I'm hoping they'll stretch out a bit over time.
B0019L6UMQ Very narrow shoe These shoes look awesome and my son loves wearing them. However, they are VERY narrow in width and in height. I had to take out the insoles so that they would get onto my son's foot. We have not had this problem with other brands.
B001B13GDK Too tight The width is too narrow which make it very uncomfortable for my D foot.  Bought Nike Total 90 which is much better.
B001B516CE My go-to shoe for everyday wear Over the years I've owned ~6 pairs of these guys.I'm a 10.5 in normal shoes and I buy an 11 in these to keep them nice and comfy.  I also leave them tied to slide them on and off (which does lead to the back wearing down to some smooth plastic (not painful)), so the extra size helps on that.The shoes look like they're designed for someone with narrow feet, which I don't have.  This does lead to the sides of my feel stretching out the sides of the shoe, leading to wear-through as the bottom leather/suede hits the ground.  But, minus the wear-through, they're not uncomfortable for the wide-footed.I wear them usually 4-5 days per week and each pair lasts me ~2 years, so they're durable little suckers.The only other thing I have to say is that the soles are thin, but I just pop in a cheap Dr. Scholls insert (same one for years now) and you're good to go.OVERALL:  Awesome shoe for everyday wear and doesn't look ridiculous if you're trying to look professional.  I've owned ~6 pairs by now and I'm looking to pick up a few more.
B001B51W64 Not good for wide feet As some of the other reviews have stated, these shoes are not for wide feet.  They had a great design, nice construction but too narrow for me.
B001B52UFG Men PUMA sneaker These were a gift brand new receiver absolutely loved this shoe does run narrow so for men I would reccomend one size up a little pricey but again a great product prompt delivery as well
B001B534PQ Too narrow for my feet I couldn't wear these for long periods of time. I am a 6 1/2 or 7 size and these were tight for even my small feet. I ended up donating them. Also the color faded from brown to washed out purple after one day on the porch. Definitely not worth the cost.
B001B55JMC cute but painful i love the way this shoe looks but can never wear them for more than an hour or couple of hours at a time. the curve of the shoe (going from the big toe to the small toe) is a little abrupt so my third and fourth toe always get crushed and hurt after a while. also it runs a bit narrow so the half size bigger was more comfortable but would fall off the heel like slippers every time i'd take a step! its cute but painful and complicated!!! wish they could design it better.
B001B55JMC Stylish but narrow The shoes are very stylish, but a little narrow. The price was right for a pair of Puma's but the turquoise part on the shoe broke after just a week of wearing.
B001B57ZN8 cute & comfortable Love these shoes. Run true to size and aren't too narrow. Not much support, but that's obvious by the picture. I can still wear them for a long time. So lightwight! I will be buying these in additional colors!
B001CHCQBQ good quality The size runs a little smaller than it says. They're pretty narrow as well. Narrow looking, not a narrow fit. They're fairly comfortable, and well built. Goes well with just about anything. Can't go wrong with these shoes.
B001CHCT4U Great shoes! I bought the brown ones and they look really nice. From the previous reviews, I was afraid they would be too narrow since I have wide foot, so I ordered half a size bigger. However this was unnecessary so I exchanged them for my actual size and they fit really well.
B001CHCT4U Too Narrow These shoes are nice looking but definitely not for a slightly wider foot, I had to send them back, most other Pumas have fit me however.
B001CHER90 Good shoes but really narrow and about half a size small Maybe my feet are too wide but the pumas are really narrow. While they feel solid and I can play good tennis, ball in them they are a size smaller than the Adidas, Nike, Timberland that i bought at 10M. I think one of the earlier reviews mentioned the sizing issues.. I should have paid more attention
B001CHF3SY got these for my daughter my daughter love these  but you do need a narrow foot to where these but they are a great pair of shoe yes i would ell my freinds
B001CHG1YY PUMA I have worn a size 10 D (M) for many years, which is what I ordered when I bought these shoes. The first time I wore them, I did three miles at a brisk pace on the treadmill, which I do regularly. The shoes felt like they were really squeezing my feet, width wise, and when I took them off, I had mild blisters on both heels and my feet were both swollen. I am trying to wear them for short periods to get them broken in, but they still seem too narrow. In retrospect, I should have gone up a size in width. Otherwise, I like the style and construction very much.
B001CHG1YY Cozy shoes The size is perfectly match. However the width of the shoes is a little narrow.If you used to wear the athletic shoes all the time, like I do, you will need a while to get used to this.Anyway, the shoes are comfortable. And, the color is great.
B001CHG1YY A Tad Narrow I had owned a previous pair that had a very long comfortable life.This new pair was a bit narrow with a very thin innersole.
B001CHG1YY An old Classic remembered! I owned a pair of clydes back in the day, and these fit exactly the same, a bit narrow in the ball of the foot, but wear in like slippers and very comfortable. My only gripe would be that they don't make the shamrock models anymore (the green variety) as I would buy them in a heartbeat.
B001CHG1YY Still the classic shoe I haven't owned PUMAs in years.  I missed them and Love owning them!  But my feet are wider now and these shoes are definitely not for the wide of foot - everything fits fine except in the toes - they are just a tiny bit too narrow.  If you have really wide feet I would find somewhere to try these on before ordering.
B001CHG1YY Sharp! These shoes run a little narrow, like all other puma shoes. I bought a 1/2 size larger and my toes fit inperfectly, it's just a little narrow....but  fast shipping and a good quality shoe at a nice price!  Can't beat it!
B001CHG1YY Great shoes. The shoes felt great and are padded well. Just make sure you don't have very wide feet. Made for a great gift.
B001E1EJ1U Love these shoes... but they do fit a little tight around the lace area. I tried loosing the laces but the leather part its self is still a bit tight. Not so bad that I dont wear them but enough to make me leave it in this comment to warn others to maybe buy a half a size up unless you have an extrememly narrow foot. My foot is not wide by any means so take it how you will...
B001F7AMTQ Cute but NARROW and small Loved the shoe, got tons of compliments but you must know that PUMA runs narrow and small (in clothes and shoes).  My daughter was wearing a 7 but I luckily bought the 8.  The velcro top gives it some wiggle room but I could never close it all the way across.  Perhaps if they were wider and had more room on top, the length would have been okay, not sure.  Wish Puma would catch on that kids feet need more room!
B001H0EXG4 LOVE these shoes! These shoes are great...they are a tad on the narrow side (I have wide feet) but I know once I break them in, they will be quite comfortable. They run true to size as well.Great Amazon experience!
B001H0F26O Great shoes The two days i wore these were very unplesant because these are very narrow at the tip. But i broke them in just fine and i have no problems with them so far. Overall good shoes.
B001H0F26O Pays to have narrow feet Been looking for a new set of decent-looking driving shoes without having to resort to a real set of racing boots. The eased, rolled edges of the Drift Cat II's soles is what caught my eye, though being a dyed-in-the-wool Porsche guy I could do without the silly Ferrari logo (and associated price impact for the product tie-in privilege, since I've subsequently found similar Puma only-branded driving-oriented shoes at the local Puma retail store significantly cheaper). Ordered the shoes based on the pictures alone; on the unboxing the relatively narrow footprint of this shoe gave immediate pause, something that I didn't pick up on with the pictures alone. Turned out that my left foot actually fit fine (comfortably snug), but my slightly wider right foot didn't go in nearly as comforting, the quickly narrowing front end providing quite a bit of pinching to my toes. For me definitely NOT a keeper.Shoe does seem well made, and the actual materials seem to be of decent quality, though for the money it does seem a bit overpriced (as mentioned above likely due to the Ferrari tie-in; their Ducati shoes seem to have the same premium pricing effect as well). But the too-narrow profile for me means an instant return to Amazon. So much for buying online; next time I'll know better and go down to the shoe store and look before I pull out the charge card.
B001H0F42Q small Form of a beautiful but narrow a person must take the next size so that they can wear it.
B001H0F7GY A letdown. First let me say, I love Pumas and own many pairs. These are cute enough but uncomfortable. They are too narrow for my wider feet and there isn't any support or padding. Also, they seem to run big. I wear either a 7.5 or an 8 depending on the shoe. I went with the 7.5 for these and they slip right off my feet. The coolness of this shoe definitely didn't translate from the picture to reality. I'm going to return them.
B001H0F7GY Look better than they feel. I'm generally a fan of Pumas, but these just are not that comfortable. I was looking for a stylish, comfy, black flat I could walk around in - and I'm still looking. These definitely are very cute, but they fit oddly. My feet are narrow and I have high arches, and while they are narrow enough for my feet, as another review stated, they offer no cushion or support. They hurt my toes and were it not for the cross-straps, I think my heels would pop out. Returning them is more hassle than it's worth, but I'll definitely need to get inserts to keep wearing them.
B001H0FBU6 Holey Moses those are some flat shoes I'm not too picky about shoes but these are the flattest shoes ever. They are narrow, which is fine. However there is ZERO arch in these shoes.
B001H0FDIQ these are great! I have three pairs of these and could keep buying more just to have them in every color. I have wide feet and they are comfy; it's not easy to find shoes that look this cute and fit my feet! I am on my feet a good part of the day and they are very comfy. Everyone compliments them. Buy them, you'll love them!
B001H0FG5Q Puma1 Great shoe, size runs on the small side so consider one size larger. Width is narrow so if you have wide feet try another shoe.I have several pairs of these and they are GREAT. Will buy again if I can find them.
B001KW0FLQ Updated...they run narrow This is our second pair of Puma's with the double velcro strap.  Great looking skate like style - they fit well and are easy for my child to put on and take off himself.  I'm done with laces coming undone all the time on an active little boy.  He can learn to lace up my sneakers.Updated 1/6/10....they were fine while they ran big, but i found as he grew in to them they run a bit narrow.
B001M4G0ES Strange shoe fit for wider feet I ordered these shoes and while they looked really cool out of the box once I had them on they fit really strange.  My foot is a little wider so I'm sure that these fit fine if you have a more narrow foot.  I ordered the next size up thinking that they would accomodate my wider feet (I have done this for other shoes before and it worked out), but it did not work in this instance.  The back of the shoe where my heel is also hit my feet strangely and made them uncomfortable to wear.  I ended up sending them back.  Like I said, this was probably all just due to my feet, but I wanted to inform others in case they have wider feet and have thought about ordering them a size larger than normal thinking they will fit.
B001OOMUOU Great Spring/Summer Sneaker I love this shoe. It is very comfy and fits well. I did order a half size up since I know Puma always fits slightly narrow. The half size up is perfect. They are easy to slip on with a velcro fastener and are very stylish. They also offer plenty of support and I walk alot. I usually wear the Nike MaryJanes in summer but decided to get these as well and am so happy I did. They are also great since I'm pregnant and my feet get swollen. I n these shoes the swelling does not bother me since my foot is not squeezed from all sides. I get loads of compliments and my daughter decided to buy Pumas instead of Nikes after seeing mine.
B001OOMXTW puma tennis shoes i like puma, nike and adidas because they run narrow. these are no exception. there's nothing special about them. they are just simple, navy, canvas tennis shoes that fit narrow feet well. (i wear a 12.5 B width, AA heel. the size 13 fits me well, but i'd like a more slightly more narrow heel).the sole is a traditional flat tennis shoe sole with some texturing.4.12.11. i just wanted to add that the padding is thin. these are not like modern running shoes. these are padded like tennis shoes back in the 60's. but you can always buy shoe pads; you'll probably need them.
B001VH7YBE Stylish sneak I get a lot of compliments on these shoes. I felt they ran a bit narrow and I have medium width feet. Fits true to size on length.
B001VH7YBE LOVE THESE!! I absolutely love these.  They feel like workout shoes but I can wear them with Jeans or whatever at work.  I was worried because Puma's tend to be narrow but they feel fine even on an average width foot like mine.  If you are on the fence about spending the little extra for the "Puma" name, I would encourage you to buy it.
B001VH81PM POSE recommended shoe **update - great for Zumba** I purchased these shoes because they were recommended by the POSE method of running. POSE running utilizes bare-bones shoes w/ little to no support. Reason being, you need to feel your connection to the pavement so that you may pull your foot up immediately upon contact. Additionally in the POSE method you strike on the balls of your feet so the extra cushioning at the midsole is unnecessary. I would definitely recommend these shoes for this method. However, these are not recommend for anyone wanting a traditional running shoe.I gave 4 stars because the shoes are extremely light and cute. I did not give the 5th star because the shoes run (no pun intended) a half size small. I am a guaranteed 9.5 but my toes ended up touching the front of the shoes. There is no way I can run in these when I take into account inevitable swelling from running. I definitely recommend buying a half size larger.These shoes are narrow which work perfectly with my ski-shaped feet. But for the average shopper I would expect they would consider them too narrow.UPDATE: 24 Jan 12I wore my regular running shoes to Zumba for a few classes and found that I had difficulty with the twists and quick turns. I decided to wear these and they were perfect. These were light enough for the quick moves and transitions and smooth enough to prevent sudden stops on the dance floor.
B001VH8968 Pleasantly surprised I have wide feet and usually look for shoes that denote wide widths but have been very pleased how very comfortable these light little flats are. No pinching, not too narrow, even wriggle room for the toes. The only complaint are the tags sewn into the side of the show right under the ankle, which tend to rub until you get used to them.
B001VH8968 very narrow I thought the style was adorable, instead of a regular sneaker. Unfortunately, they are very stiff and very narrow. So much so, that I almost think they are sized wrong but when held to another pair of puma's I own, they are the right size. I'm sorry to say they are going back. Too bad, I still think they're adorable.
B001VH8F1W Puma I've always wanted a pair of Puma's.  I like these... but I don't love them.  They are fine to walk around in for a while.  They aren't as comfortable as I would expect though.  I am glad I bought them.  I have narrow feet and they "fit".  There just isn't much padding in the sole.
B001VKXHP8 Nice looking, Uncomfortable I needed new workout shoes and noticed these online. They look nice and practical but when they arrived I was highly disappointed. I have a small and narrow foot and these shoes were still too narrow even for my foot. The shoe was uncomfortable. The only nice thing was the appearance so of course I returned the shoe. This isnt even a good shoe for everyday use.
B002CVVAGS Tight Throwback - No, I mean, they're tight! These are great looking shoes - well made and the whole nine but the sizes run narrow so get them wide unless you have narrow feet and if you usually buy wide sizes, get a size wider and you'll be just fine.
B002EENEDK not great for wide feet I like Puma shoes but I never wore these outta the house.  They aren't that comfortable at least for my feet which are kinda wide.  Also I found them to be a bit effeminate looking for a dude.  I feel like I'm wearing ballet slippers or something.  I'm not into soccer but I'd imagine that they are probably the type of shoes that soccer players might wear while they're running around doing what they do.  Jeans that normally look fine with other shoes end up getting stomped on underneath the almost nonexistent soles of these shoes.
B002EENI40 meh... Not very comfortable shoes, but for 30$ i couldn't pass them up. They reminded me of the 10$ faded glory shoes i would buy at Walmart and destroy within a month And i needed a black pair of shoes so they wouldn't stain so easily.. They are easy to get on and off, but they are pretty narrow for Mediums. They are definitely made out of a better material than those 10$ shoes, and they are decently breathable, which is a plus for working out. They are destroying my feet slowly but surely (due to the narrow fit and my duck feet), but i only wear them to the gym, where i sit down and enjoy a box of donuts while i watch all those other poor schmucks kill themselves on the machines. Meh...
B002EENI40 Nice look They are narrow shoes, but that should be expected when purchasing these styles. They come exactly how they are pictured. Very stylish.
B002EL3KQE On the narrow side but fun We had to return these because my son said they were too snug, which he has a wide foot. He had a pair of these when he was 2. He wore those until he outgrew them.  They held up nicely, but were narrow then too.
B002EL3KQE Cute shoes, rather narrow My kids have wide feet, but these shoes are quite narrow. I bought a size 6 for my daughter anticipating that she would grow into them for the summer. She wears a size 5 now, but she wears them now and they are a little hard to stuff her feet into and I doubt they will be around when she truly is a size 6. The toe is way long so she tends to trip, so the length is right for a size 6, they are just very narrow. I was surprised because the puma shoes I last had (although it was years ago) were rather wide so I expected the toddler shoes would be too.
B002EL3KQE Very nice My son loves these shoes.  The lights are fun for him.  My son has normal foot (not wide), hence good.  I wish I could get these in Wide width for my little one!
B002EL3KQE RUNS SMALL AND NARROW!!!! Beware these shoes run small and narrow! They look cool and the puma lights up (great surprise) but wish I would have gotten a size bigger.
B002EL3KQE Tight Toddler Pumas Not 'toddler foot' friendly.. Very narrow & tight.. I bought a whole size up and was still too small... Bummer!
B002EL3KQE Just like the picture. Our 6 year old loves these -runs a little narrow.  The puma lights up with each step which little guys enjoy!
B002EL3KQE Fun shoes! My son loved these shoes! The light up puma is great. The shoes are narrow and I ordered a size larger to wear later, but he is wearing them now.
B002EL3KQE fun shoes These are cute and my 4 year old son likes them, but they fit a little narrow and he needs help getting them on.
B002EL3KQE Love the lighted sneakers, but narrow shoe I bought these, not paying attention that they light up. Boy, was I surprised when I got them. My 9mth old loves to play with them because of that specifically. They are well made and I really like Puma products. I hate shoe laces because once noticed, babies will not stop pulling at them, so the velcro is a must! Very cute design and colors for the little man (I bought the white/grey/blue). However, I'm really sad to note that my guy only got to wear them a few times because I realized they are pretty narrow for those chubby baby feet.
B002EL3KQE Great sneaker My son is now four, and we've been getting this sneaker since he's two. The light up puma is tons of fun, also he has a somewhat more narrow foot and these seem to be the only sneakers that really fit!
B002EL3KQE SO adorable for a toddler My daughter LOVES these shoes. She is two and just loves how the puma lights up when she walks. They fit as expected from reading the reviews. yes a little narrow but I ordered the Wide ones and they are perfect for my daughter and easy for her to put on. Her feet adjusted quickly to this shoe and she walks and runs very in control in these shoes. love them and highly recommend them.
B002EL3KQE my son loves them These shoes are great!  They do run small/ narrow I ordered 1 whole size larger than normal and they fit well.  They are easy for my 4 yr old to put on and he loves that they light up.
B002EL3KQE The boy's loved them! Cool little shoes just a little narrow for a wide foot! I got these shoes for a 2 year old and a 4 year old both boys. They did run small and narrow so I ordered a size up and I am glad I did. The 2 year old has an extra wide foot and the 4 year old has a narrow foot. We usually have to special order for the 2 year old his foot is so wide. The shoes fit the 4 year olds narrow foot perfectly. The 2 year olds wide foot fit into the shoe, but wish they would have been wider for him. They stretch well enough without being uncomfortable for him, but the toe section looks odd because it holds the narrow shape while the middle is spread out like a pancake lol.For the style and coolness factor it was a big hit. The boys loved them. The shoes show the PUMA skeleton when they light up and they thought that was awesome and stomped around the rest of the day watching them light up.
B002EL3KQE Nice My son loves these shoes. We bought them awhile back and he still loves them. He is growing out of them now because he is a growing 4 yr old. But i will buy larger size because he loves them. Keep in mind that these run a little narrow/small.
B002EL3KQE LOVE!! Hello, did you see these shoes?  They are adorable.  I don't know who likes them more, me or my 20 month old son!  This coming from someone who said they would NEVER buy light up shoes for their child.  If your child has narrow to average foot width, they should fit just fine.  A wider foot may be a little snug.
B002EL3KQE Too small, too narrow, too uncomfortable. Too small, too narrow, and the ankle is so high in the back of the shoe that my 4 year old said a &#34;no thank you&#34; to these shoes. So disappointed because they are super cute. But what's the point of making awesome shoes if they don't fit?
B002EL3KQE Great shoes! I read other reviews that said the shoes run a little narrow and small so I bought a size up from what I thought he would wear and they fit great! He loves the light up part and I love the fact that they are cute and can be worn with lots of different outfits instead of ugly regular sneakers. Great price too! (I got them when they were on sale for $23)
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoe My daughter loves these because they light up.  She has a narrow foot and the velcro was tight enough to have the shoe fit well.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes My son is in love with these shoes since the day it arrived. It runs a litthe bit small and narrow. My son is very slim and kind of narrow feet, so it didn't cause any problems for us.
B002EL3KQE Great fun shoe got this for my daughter she loved it.  like most pumas, they run narrow, so a half size up would be a good idea
B002EL3LZE Great Toddler/Boy shoe I am a loyal Puma consumer for my little boys -- they're not clunky when they learn to walk; sole is pliable.  Narrow streamline to the design so they bend with their foot when they run around.  They hold up well with daily wear and hard playing/sports.  Well worth the price.
B002EL3LZE LOVE! My little one loves these shoes! His feet are leaning towards narrow and these shoes work very well. Plus, as a 6-year-old, he thinks the puma on the soles is really nifty. :-)
B002EL3MCQ Narrow! I bought these for my son.  I love the look of Puma's.  However, these are very narrow and hurt his feet.  He didn't wear them much and I ened up passing them on to someone else.
B002EL3MCQ Great overall shoe!! I bought these for my son and he LOVES them. They were meant to be gym shoes, but he wants to wear them more than that. I read all the other reviews and decided to buy an extra size up. We've owned Pumas before and was aware of their sizing. I think with this particular shoe,  I would have been safe ordering only a half size bigger instead of a whole. They are a bit big, BUT they'll last him ALL school year. They also run narrow... which would determine going up a half or whole size. My son has very narrow feet. But if yours has wider feet, ordering up a whole size might be better. They are unique and one of a kind... sure that he won't get them mixed up with another boys. :)
B002EL3MCQ Cute, but too wide My narrow-running size 11.5 daughter could not wear this shoe at all. It was far too wide and slid too much. They had to go back.
B002EL3MCQ great! my daughter typically wears a wide width sneaker. the lace-up Pumas are too narrow, but these are just right. easy to clean and she says they are comfortable. this is our second consecutive pair. i recommend them!
B002EL3MCQ MY SON LOVES THESE.... MY SON CLAIMS THAT THESE ARE SOMEWHAT COMFY BUT A LITTLE NARROW IN THE FRONT. I LOVE THE COLORS AND STYLE.
B002EL3MCQ Too Narrow And Longer than I expected Well needless to say I bought them here on Amazon at Chrismastime and then turned around and sold them a couple months afterwards. My son normally wears a size 3 but I found that these were very narrow in size and a bit longer in length than I expected. The shoes looked great, don't get me wrong but I wasn't expecting them to be quite so narrow.
B002EZZT00 Really love it. It fits so well and feels so comfortable. I've been wearing it for more than 2 years and it's getting more and more comfortable. I even wear it to work under my dress pants. It's all black so nobody will really know the difference that I'm not even wearing dress shoes. I love the breathable materials. It runs narrow though so don't buy it if you have wide feet. Overall, it's a much have.
B002F0021A Great shoes These were a great buy! Very comfortable and stylish. Have had many compliments on the style. I have purchased other Pumas and these are, by far, my favorite. I have a wider foot and they are just fine. If you have a very narrow foot, they may not be for you. I would say that they run very true to size.
B002KAOJ8M Good-looking shoe, but not much more I bought these half-off at a Puma store near me. They look great, and can pass for $$$$$ Puma models.However, these shoes aren't very comfortable at all. The flat foot-bed is very, very narrow. Your heel might roll off the rear, or your foot might roll off to one side while walking. I don't recommend these for wide-width sizes.Walking anything longer than 3 blocks in Street Cosmos is a challenge. You'll feel the lack of support immediately. These shoes were designed to look like running shoes. However, you can't use them on the track and you certainly will feel pain in your shins trying to walk.However, if you bike a lot or stand around in cool bars, these shoes are great for that...
B002KAOLGC Just a little narrow Great looking shoe. But it is more narrow than I expected. I still like them. I'm sure that they will stretch after a few wears.
B002KAOLGC A little narrow These shoes look great.  The only complaint is that they are a bit narrow and feel tight,  Perhaps they will stretch a little as I wear them more, but they have a tighter initial fit than most other shoes I have purchased.
B002KAOLGC Solid but slim width. My foot was a little wide for them.  I usually don't have that problem with other brands of shoe.Overall they are solid.
B002KAOLGC Awesome but a little narrow They look awesome but a little narrow. I would reccomend to buy them maybe a half size bigger. They look great with jeans.
B002KAOLGC Sexy Very nice looking shoes that fee great. Somewhat narrow but over all a very nice buy. will purchase more in future
B002LH4RMM Especially great for travel I work in the medical field and have used these for that purpose.  I do NOT recommend using them for that purpose however...  They have no support or cushioning on the bottom.  They ARE great for when you are traveling and need to remove your shoes with ease at the airport!!!  I do like the way they look and are better probably for people with very narrow feet like myself...
B002LVUZ6K What a Shame I found a pair of Puma I bought a long time ago, never wore, and forgot I had. They feel so good I decided to order more. However, now the sneakers are made shorter so my toe is jammed into the front and my regular size 9 no longer fits. Ordering a 1/2 size up isn't an option as I tried on a pair at a local retailer and the front of the foot is too wide. This happens with all brands, and I've tried many. If the shoe is wider at the front, there is less support. On the RARE occassion of finding a 9 1/2 narrow, I'm not sure if they'll fit either, as I'm a meduim.I wish manufacturers would understand that just because a foot is longer, it is not always wider, and give us that option. And I wish Puma would go back to making sneakers the way they used to. A 9 is no longer a 9.
B002RFQLU4 Stylish, but too narrow. These shoes are very stylish, and I'm sure would be very good for sports.  I bought them for casual wear because I like the way they look, but they ended up being too narrow for my feet.  I have relatively wide feet, and these shoes were just too tight to be comfortable.  It's possible I just didn't break them in enough, but after three weeks of occasional wear I ended up giving them to my brother.
B002TX7E3C Little narrow When I bought these Puma, everyone then told me all Pumas are narrow! Well this one is. If there was a wide version I would get it. I love the look and it is comfortable for old school rubber pegs. But my foot feels as though it is spilling over the side of the sole.
B002TX7E3C Great cleat for the price! But just a little narrow. The construction of this cleat is very solid and looks to be well worth the $45 Amazon charges for it.Upon first trying them on however, I did notice that they do run narrow. Length wise the shoe was perfect but they did fit tight on the sides. Before you can play comfortably you need to break them in for a bit to get them to widen up. Adidas and Nike usually come wider at any given size.After I broke them in however I found it to be a really great cleat. You get a solid feel for the ball on touches and especially shots. I definitely recommend this shoe to anyone looking for cleats up to a $75-$85 price range.I would have given it 5 stars if the shoe hadn't been a bit narrow to start off, but it's definitely something you can fix after one or two times out to play. After that these Pumas are a bargain for the price.
B002US8MGY Puma Esito XL Great shoe, but still turned out to be too narrow for my kid's EXTREMELY wide feet, so we had to send them back.
B002US8MGY Pretty good, but narrow... I have been a fan of puma products for years, actually they are the only shoes I buy.  In my experience, from style to style, they can be off a half size or so.  I usually wear a 9, sometimes I will have to get a 9 1/2 for it to be comfortable.  I bought this in size 9, the length is perfectly fine, I have adequate room for my toes.  The problem is around the middle of my foot.  It is pretty tight and my feet aren't that wide.  If I had a wide foot, I think it would be very uncomfortable.  I will admit I haven't had them long, and they aren't broken in, but I don't think that a whole lot of extra room will appear.  So my recommendation would be if you are thinking about this cleat see if you can find a retailer near you and try these on before you buy them so you can know what size to get.
B0036ED91E Great Deal All leather boot and a great price.  Kinda narrow boot and were tight on my feet, but after wearing them they stretched a little and feel fine.  I use them running around at practice and games.  It is also a very nice looking boot.  I bought 2 pair at this deal.
B0037KMNAU Love the Style: WAY TOO NARROW I've been an 8.5 all my life. As I slouch into middle age my feet have gotten wider. Some manufacturers' shoes are still fine in a 8.5 but this one appears to be tailored for people whose feet haven't finished growing.Do yourself a favor and try these on in the store first and then order them from Amazon.
B003AEY2J8 My favorite cleats of all time These shoes are heavier than most and they offer a solid feel with alot of protection. They are also more comfortable than just about anything out there besides the Adidas Copa Mundial's (which are a little too soft in my opinion). These are very stable and well balanced stud pattern. If you have wider feet and find that Nike's and Adidas are a little too narrow for your foot shape then these are a good choice. These fit true to size. [...]
B003AU4Q6Q Great All-Purpose Sneaker PUMA Voltaic II is a well-fitting, well-made, multi-sport sneaker. Fits big kids thru adults. Supports the foot well. Both my teenage daughters have a narrow heel, and PUMA sneakers and soccer cleats fit well. I'd buy it again!
B003EE49MY Good he just needed a wide shoe in this version but still okwould buy more if come in wide versoin,
B003EE49MY Nice! My husband loves these! They are a little bit narrow but he said that he'd be okay after wearing them a few times. They are true to size and really cool!
B003EE49VA To narrow Loved the shoe, unfortunately i had to return them :( too narrow for my feet!! Next size up would've been too big.
B003EE7SSQ Great Shoes! These shoes are really comfortable, have so much cushion, a ton of traction on the sole and look awesome! True to size. Not too narrow like some Pumas are. Really happy with these sneakers!
B003EE7SSQ Style + Comfort + Function = Happy Me I was looking for a fashionable sneaker that would also be comfortable walking around Boston on a daily basis. These Speeders definitely fit the bill. I've gotten tons of comments on them and found them to a great fit for my narrow feet.The only thing is that the right shoe doesn't seem to fit exactly the same as the left. It's like it curves in a little more or is slightly off center. I can definitely feel it when I'm walking. I suspect that these are irregular somehow. I wanted to ask the seller but for some reason, contact seller is not an option of this purchase.Overall a great shoe for those of us with narrow feet but I think this pair may be flawed.
B003EE7XGS Cute shoes My daughter has a narrow foot so I knew she would have some room in them. I had to get over the shoes looking a bit &#34;big&#34; on her feet. She likes them and so do I! Hopefully. They will last throughout the summer.
B003EE7XGS Too tight I purchased these shoes for my son in a medium.  I ordered the shoes a half a size bigger than his current size.  I was excited to see how nice the shoes were in person.  This was quickly followed by disappointment when my son would not wear them.  He complained that they hurt his feet.  i think they were too narrow.  i even tried to give them away to a friend whose son wears the same size and has narrow feet.  Little boy number 2 also said they hurt his feet.Bummed out.  Won't be buying anymore pumas online for my kiddos.  The sizing is too inconsistent for online shopping.
B003EE9GYU Narrow width - buy them half-a-size larger! Nice retro shoes!  They are comfortable and offer good support.  You can see and feel the good quality of the shoes.  The only comment I have is that they are narrow-width shoes, so you need to order them half-a-size larger than your regular shoe size.  A great Puma buy for the price!
B003EE9KNW slipon puma I like the shoes.  I love the color.  It is hard to find a casual shoe in navy.  They are very comfy.  They are narrow, but stretchy.
B003EE9L0E very narrow I have had these awhile, hoping they would expand some what but hasn't.  To bad cause I like them but make my foot look narrow
B003EE9O4W Wicked cute sneakers The only complaint I have about the shoe is that they run a little narrow, but the velcro straps let us adjust the sneakers so they were more comfortable for her.
B003EE9O4W Too narrow for feet Super cute but probably made for babies with thinner feet. They are a little narrow for my baby's chubby feet.
B003EE9O4W Good little kid shoes, lightweight and stay on well I bought these shoes for my daughter who had just grown out of her size 6 shoes into a 7. I wanted something she could wear right now and was nervous about getting the 8 (as the other reviews advise), but the 8 fits her just fine. There's a bit of room to grow, the shoe is narrow enough in the heel to stay on though. These are great: big kid rubber sole, but not too stiff (like Keens), and she was able to run around with no adjustment period. Easy to get on and off, and nice colors. Like adult pumas, the suede fades and isn't super sturdy, but I figure she'll grow out of them before they wear out!
B003EE9O4W Nice lightweight shoe but run small. Just got these shoes yesterday in the mail and I love them. They are so cute on my 2 year old! The shoe is so light and my son is able to run so fast in them without tripping even. Fortunately I read enough of the reviews to order up a size and I'm so glad I did. My son wears a 7.5 wide so I ordered a 9 and they fit great. His foot is wide in height and I'm able to velcro the shoes without a problem. There is no way the size 8 would have fit. Now I think I want to get a pair for my 5 year old :)
B003EE9O4W Great fit for narrow, flat footed little kid This is our 2nd pair of this style. Love the color. I have a clumsy, flat-footed little guy with pretty narrow little feet. These pumas fit him great and seem to give him adequate ankle support. They look cute and stylish, too; always a bonus.4 stars because the suede fades so quickly. It's faded after just a week or two--without washing--to a nice gray, which is nice, but noticeably lighter than when we got them.
B003EE9O4W Stylish, but narrow. As other reviewers have mentioned, the shoes are narrow. Otherwise, they are stylish and seem well made.  Time will tell. I will update after a few months use.
B003EE9P14 Looks great, feels unbalanced I love the way these shoes look. BUT... they fit very narrow. I own them in size 9. My feet are on the wide side, but not to the point where I need extra wide shoes. In these shoes, the sole is so narrow that the side of the shoe is stretched to the point where it almost folds down and becomes part of the sole.The laces are constantly un-doing themselves.ZERO TRACTION as well. Watch your step when you venture out in the rain!
B003EE9P14 VERY HAPPY WITH PUMA ETOILE  BLACK SUEDE SNEAKERS I have difficulty purchasing shoes online (I broke several toes on one foot)...I normally wear an 8 1/2 (wide) sometimes I can wear a 8....I purchased these in an 8 after reading several reviews....... I must wear very thick socks or booties to make them fit correctly but I'm ok with this as there was no break in time and they are super comfy! No rubbing against my heel or my boney feet.  There is very little to them. A slight arch support and minimal soles. They are a bit narrow but not enough to bother me...I've purchased them twice in black and will probably get the gray color as well....I'm really happy with this item. They have a great minimal look to them...Very sleek looking sneakers...I would say they run a TINY bit on the  large size...
B003EE9P14 Uncomfortable on me Nothing wrong with the shoe.  Just not enough cushioning for me for working out.  Fine for casual walking.  The best thing is than it runs narrow.  I need that.  I had to buy 1 size longer.
B003EEBCQA Don't step on my red suede Wide, funky, and a little stiff on the heel, but great looking and getting more comfy by the day.  nice and wide on the toe end
B003EEBFI0 Great! Purchased for my son, who loves them. Attractive shoe, however, it is somewhat narrow. Perfect for my son's slender feet, but potential buyers should bear that in mind. Will buy again. Excellent price!
B003EEBGQQ A sexy sneaker The Run narrow on the with,  so order a size bigger than what you usually order ,but I love them they look great!
B003EEBGQQ narrow shoe This is a light weight shoes shoes nice. Beware this is a narrow shoe, so it can be very uncomfortable after a few hours.
B003EEBGS4 Pumas The shoe looks great and looks well made, but boy are they NARROW. I do not have particularly wide feet and I could barely get my foot all the way in, even though I ordered my correct size. I bought 2 other pairs of shoes when I ordered these, they all fit great.Do  NOT purchase if you have wide feet!
B003EEBGS4 Nice shoes, but narrow I like this pair, stylish, light. But they are narrow, thanks to Brittany, then I knew I neede to buy one size larger, otherwise, I had to return. And I am not quite sure the upper was made by suede.
B003EEBGS4 Fit like a glove I saw a friend in some old Pumas, and loved the look. I then bought a lot of Pumas in search of the perfect pair. This is it. Fit my feet like a glove. I never wear socks with tennies, but if I did I'd go up a size. Like everyone else says, they're narrow. So the laces must be loosened before wearing. Which creates an odd problem; the shoelaces are very short. They're great laces too, and would be hard (impossible?) to replace.Still, very happy. And the dark grey (not boring black) with the "hyacinth" puma logo is sooooooo cool looking.
B003EEBGS4 Very narrow! These shoes are lightweight and look great, but they are extremely narrow. I normally wear size 7 and don't have wide feet, but had to return these and re-ordered a 7.5. Great price on Amazon and hassle-free returns.I usually order Pumas in suede vs. leather because I noticed my suede pair from last year have stretched and fit very comfortably now. It's best to order these (and most Pumas) at least half a size bigger than what you normally wear.
B003EEH7NM Phenomenal These are one of the best pairs of sneakers I've purchased for my kids. The Pumas I've purchased in the past have been super flat but these are less so and therefore more appropriate for running and playing tennis in. They also have elastic laces so they stay snug on your child's feet without them having to tie and untie laces. And for added insurance there's a strap that pulls across the top if your child has narrow feet or just likes his toes tight.
B003EEH7NM Love, Love, Love this shoe!!! I have purchased at least 5 pairs of these for my sons in a variety of colors.  Super comfortable, very stylish for a Velcro style shoe and fits true to size.  I love Pumas for my sons and found that these do NOT run small like the other styles tend to.  These will not disappoint.  They will fit all types of feet from narrow to a wider foot.  If your child's feet are very wide, then these may not work.
B003EEH7NM Super Cute Some of the reviews and the recommendations said these shoes run small.  I did not find that to be the case.  My son who just got his feet measured and is a 9 wide, so I decided to get a 10 since I figured he would have a little wiggle room and maybe the bigger size will accommodate his wide foot.  Well the 10's came and went right back.  The were way too big.  I wish they had 1/2 sizes , I'm not too sure how long they will fit him, but they look great on.  The actually fit him, which is odd for Puma since they make all their shoes so narrow.  I also bought them in the brown color and they look great too.  I hope they hold up well.
B003FZ9DXW too wide Although I have an average foot, these were too wide on the sides and the heal.  Also I though they would be really comfortable but I don't think that they were well padded.  I sent them back.
B003FZ9TYA Look great They look great and I've been looking for a pair of brown Puma sneakers for some time. My only critique is that they are narrow. Really narrow. I didn't realize this when I bought them. So, I have to wear certain socks with them so my feet don't feel bound.
B003FZJWW4 NOT FOR WIDE FEET I have normal to wide feet, this sneakers are really uncomfortable in the middle section, really narrow, your feet will hurt after and hour walking or even driving i had the same pain. Also buy a bigger size than you usually buy because this run a little small.
B003FZP4M6 Great I love Pumas kosmos lines and this color combination is great.  This style runs narrow so keep that in mind when ordering.
B003LY4PFS cute, yet uncomfortable for a slightly wide foot. Very stylish shoes. Bright and girly, but slim. I found out too late after purchasing these shoes that pumas tend to run narrow. I suppose this is mostly my fault, otherwise the shoe itself is great. Shipping was awesome, even a return for a different size was managed easily and quickly.
B003LY4WGA Too Narrow... This shoe is super narrow. On top of that, this shoe is made out of a material that 'won't give up'! Unlike leather, the synthetic material used by Puma in these shoes is extremely hard. I tried them a couple of days, but I couldn't take'em. I gave them away to another friend with a narrower foot and he seems to like it (reason why i gave 2 stars). I you have a wide foot, please I suggest don't waste your hard earned money with this product.
B003LY4WGA Just have to break it in The shoes are true to size and fit well. A bit narrow when I first put them on but they broke in quickly. Its comfortable and great to play soccer with. The quality of these shoes match up to much higher priced shoes like adidas and nikes so its a good buy.
B003MAJWCW Not exactly as expected I have heard so many good things about how comfortable these shoes are, being on my feet all day I figured  would try them. Front of shoes are a little too narrow and the heel portion of shoe is a little to wide which makes walking odd and actually left my feet hurting more then before with cheaper shoes.
B003MAJWCW Narrow shoe I do not have to but wide shoes but this particular brand is very very narrow. Its can be very uncomfortable to wear for a long period of time. If you have very narrow feet it would be a great shoe but for normal width feet not so much~
B003MAJWCW Very Light Purchased as a gift for my daughter who has long narrow feet and she loves them! Very light weight and comfortable. She loves them!
B003MAJWCW Great for narrow feet I picked these up when the price dropped last summer and enjoyed wearing them all through the season. They are really cute, light weight sneaks. I have a long narrow foot and they fit me perfectly. I picked up a second pair for my youngest daughter who &#34;borrowed&#34; them and loved them as much as I do. Right now I am price watching the black ones and plan to grab another pair when they are in my target range!Highly Recommended, especially for those with narrow feet.
B003MAJWCW Not the Puma I'm used to I always wear 8 1/2 in every pair of puma's I've owned. But this pair made my foot look like a ski and it was much too large. It's also even more narrow that they usually are. Now I'm patiently waiting for my refund.
B003MAJWCW Bad Bad buy The shoes arrived quickly and They look smart and love the look.BUT they are the most uncomfortable shoe I have ever worn. In fact I cannot wear them.  With the narrow bit on the sole this just digs into my foot.  I tried 3 times to wear them and after an hour I just had to get them off.  I am so disappointed as I said they look great.
B003MAJWCW Great looking These shoes look great and are super comfortable. I will be buying more in different colors. They fit well for narrow or normal feet.
B003MAJWCW They fit great These are wonderful, look great, give my feet support, and are made beautifully.  If you have a narrow foot, this are the shoes for you.
B003MAJWCW comfortable, but design is fairly narrow soles are fairly narrow, so if you have wide feet you probably will not want to be tempted to try to squeeze into a standard width for this shoe
B003MAJWCW Very comfy shoes You do have to buy a half size up I go with an 8 1/2 because they are narrow but love how they feel like ballerina slippers instead of heavy tennis shoes. Even though you go up in size they do make your feet look little. Love them
B003MAJWCW Great shoe I love these shoes! I ordered my usual size and they fit perfect. I do have a narrow foot and that's one of the reasons I love the fit, because it is a more narrow shoe :)
B003MAJWCW Not impressed runs at least 1/2 size small and I have a narrow foot. Did not hold up well to daily wear with my uniform in a skin care clinic. Better options for the money, especially as these were not even leather but synthetic materials.
B003MAJWCW eh...so so the toe is very narrow. they sound like cheer/ dance shoes when you walk. just not as satisfied with them like i was my last pair of pumas. :(
B003MAJWCW Nice but not as nice as the picture makes them look The great is a lot darker than the picture they look like you wore new blue jeans and they rubbed on white leather the size is not true to my feet they are for very slim feet very narrow order a half size up but they are still pumas so...every other feature is the same there's no silver?
B003MAJWCW too small for toes wide at the heel I love the style on the shoe but it hurts your feet after a couple of hours of wearing them.
B003MAJZRE i need a bandage!! My feet are wide which causes the shoe to rub on my pinky toe so after a while it causes my feet to be sore.
B003MSMI2K I don't believe these are wide size. i ordered a 10.5 Wide shoe.  on the box they say 10.5  in the shoe they say 10.5.  they fit like a medium width shoe.  I don't believe they are wide.  I don't believe puma made a wide shoe.they are too narrow for me.  the wide size is difficult to find .  that is why i ordered these.  the problem is that it is going to cost me.  $9.99 shipping each way.  about $20 bucks????for a mis represented shoe?  doesn't seem right .  if these shoes do not exist in the wide size, i don't think that it is a good business practice to represent them as so.
B003MSMI2K These shoes are awesome! I bought these golf shoes for my husband.  He has a wide foot and typically wears a size 11 wide but after reading some of the reviews, I got him the 11.5 wide and they fit perfectly.  He says they are the most comfortable golf shoes he's ever worn.  This is the first time he's had PUMA's.
B003UBTTEE Narrow Nice transaction, nice looking too! But the cleat was tight on my daughters feet.  She does not have wide feet at all but I had to send the cleat back and order a Nike Cleat...
B0042AMTOE Cute but NOT comfy I got these because I wanted comfy shoes to wear at work. For an "athletic flat", they are definitely cute, however I was not impressed with the quality or comfort for the price. They are very light and thin without much support, and they're also very long and narrow to my big toe is cramped...and I don't think my feet are that wide. The only good thing is that they have a little cushion on the back of the heel so that the don't scrape up your foot. I guess if they last a long time it will be a good deal though.
B0042AMWY6 Great buy! I got these cute pumas for less than $25 bucks, great deal!  Like most pumas these seem long a d narrow, but r really cute on and comfortable.
B0042AMZXE Great sneakers! Very impressed with these. Looks even better in reality than in the pictures. Comfortable and very stylish.Four stars because it's too narrow and will suffer the same fate as all shoes that are too narrow for the wearers feet (stretch and misshaped).
B0042AN4C0 Awesome shoes, but too narrow for me I think these shoes look nice, but they are very narrow and do not accommodate for someone with a wide foot.
B0042AND1M warm and stylish I really love the look of this show and the (thin) fleece is great for winter months. My only issue is that they run a little narrow in the toe box.
B0042ANT48 great looking shoes Order 1 size up, shoes will fit great. Got them yesterday and already received tons of compliments. If you have wide feet these shoes are not for you but if you have narrow feet like me they will fit great!
B0042ANT48 Runs small All the reviews are correct-too narrow. My husband always wears a 12 so we ordered a 13 after reading reviews that these run small. Still too narrow, sent them back. The shoes are very nice looking too bad they don't fit.
B0042ANT48 Stylish shoe, wears out quick, a bit too narrow These shoes are pretty cool and easy to wear with the velcro strap. It's nice that the strap doesn't make you look like a child either. There are a couple things to be aware of with the shoe: 1. It runs small/narrow. I am a 12, got a 13. As the other reviewer mentioned, it still is a little narrow. After a couple weeks of moderate wear, they became more comfortable, however, don't intend on wearing these for long periods of time (12 hours). It might get cramped. 2. They seem to wear out quickly. Luckily, I got them on sale during the christmas season for half the retail price, so it felt like a much better deal.
B00439GBOS Great fit and comfort I gave these to my husband for Christmas and he loves them.  He has a narrow foot and he said they "hug" his feet and feel better than any others he has. He wants another pair to use for running. These are his good shoes.
B00439GBOS GOOD SHOES ! Have many pairs of Puma shoes, so I wasn't surprised at the fit or the look of the shoe when I received them.  Since I have a narrow foot, Pumas seem to fit very well in that regard, although wider lasts are available.  They have always shipped their shoes out very quickly, so I have always received great delivery times.  Their shoe graphics are always very sharp and creative, which another reason I buy them.  No complaints, just praise for Puma shoes !
B00439GCEM Puma women's sneaker This shoe is good looking, however is runs a bit narrow. The other problem I have with them are the laces are a ribbon type, they are too short and will not stay tied. I can change the laces but wish I had ordered them 1/2 size larger. I am always happy with Amazon's pricing & shipping!
B00439GCEM A little tight... A bit narrow, rubs on outer toe. Takes awhile to get use to the rolling feeling when you walk but all in all a nice sneaker.
B00439GCEM Too narrow This sneaker is really nice but if you have wide feet this is not for you '! No ankle support
B00439GCEM Love love love These are so comfy and cute. They have a bit more support than my other pair of Pumas. I bought a half size bigger than I normally wear since they do run a bit narrow and that was a good call. The color is really great too- they go with everything.
B00439GCEM don't love 'em but kept them. These shoes are pretty narrow on my feet.  While I still wear them, they don't have much padding on the bottom and are not like my other pumas.  I like the style but won't be doing much walking in them.
B00439GCEM Cute Fashion Sneakers These shoes run a half size large and are a tad tight/narrow in the toe box area. Howeever, they do offer great arch support, especially for people like me with high arches.
B00439GCEM Comfortable, nice looking, good price Better than I thought they'd be. Very comfortable for walking. Wore them all over Disneyland the first day I had them. Narrow enough, but not too tight on the toe.
B00439GCEM Best Out-Of-The-Box Sneaker I have tried many, many shoes for everyday wear and 2-3 mile walks. These are true to size and wearable right out of the box--no break in period needed.  It's my opinion that for narrow and medium width they are great, not sure they would work well for wide because of the sole structure. Try them though, VERY comfortable.
B00439GCEM Pumas are now even better I've always appreciated the trim style of Puma shoes, and I needed a minimal kind of sole to combat plantar fasciitis.  This shoe really works well, and the &#34;new&#34; Pumas are distinctly longer and a bit wider than those I purchased several years ago.  My old size 7 was a little too short and narrow; the new size 7 is just right for one foot, and a little big on the other--but cushy socks solved that problem.  These are the best shoes for long, energetic walks that I've had for a long time!
B00439GCEM Too narrow I had a pair of these before and I wore them until they died. They used to fit so perfect and then they changed the width and can't get my foot in.
B0046ZRCR4 good shoe This is a very good looking shoe, but my son has wide feet and they are a little bit on the narrow side. Otherwise no complaints at all! Size is accurate.
B0049J57OM Sizing is extremely inaccurate I wear a size 14 in all shoe types and brands, so I figured a size 14 in these would fit. Wrong! They are closer to a 12 and are extremely tight toward the front of the toe. I have long, narrow feet, and they still felt narrow at the toe. What the heck?
B0049J57OM Too narrow... I bought these shoes when I was in the market for shoes to use in speed workouts and intervel training. The good thing about these is that they are extremely light and ride low on your ankle. The bad thing is that they are too narrow for my feet. I wear a size 14 so I have a slightly larger than average foot and it feels as if my foot is rolling off the shoe everytime I wear them. They do look good so I now wear them more casually. If you are looking for a similar shoe I would go with something in Nike's Free line.
B0049J57OM Like em They look great, very light, but they run small and narrow versus other athletic shoes I wear. Overall they are a awesome summer shoe.
B004GB0XVA Comfortable and stylish If you're looking for stylish, comfortable sneakers, then these are for you! They are very sleek and the suede looks very nice. They are slightly narrow, but I like this since I have narrow-ish feet. If you have wide feet, these may not work for you. They have moderate arch support. They fit true to size. I also love that they come in a bag that should be great for travel.
B004GB0XVA Stylish but strangely narrow soles I ordered these shoes after having purchased Adidas tennis shoes all my life.  These shoes are very stylish and look great, but the soles are SUPER thin!  You can feel pretty much anything through them.  The rubber soles are also strangely narrow, so that when I attempt to do any type of exercise in them my little toes feel like they're hanging off the sole.  Granted I have wider feet, but I compared the sole width with some old Adidas shoes of mine and they are definitely much narrower.  So, I'd recommend these shoes if you wanna look good for a night out or sitting in class, but for exercising, get a better shoe.
B004GB11H0 Same as above Nice shoes, I've always been a big puma fan, but these are way too small. I am an 11 and 11.5s were too small/too narrow even tho I usually wear narrow shoes.Have to return, and i think I will go with a nike equivalant this time-sorry puma
B004GB11H0 nice but narrow The shoes are cute and very stylish but they are very narrow and and they dont have any kind of arch support.  We had to send them back! :(
B004GB1242 Look cool, not everyday shoe I ordered these because I like the throw back classic look. I read in the reviews that they run small (thanks by the way) and they do. I got one size up and the length is fine. Problem is that they are also narrow and wearing them for most of the day makes my feet hurt. They are old school and are not as comfortable as todays shoes. Plus, can't wear them in the rain or the suede bleeds. Fine for periodic casual wear on dry days but...if you want a comfortable pair of shoes to wear daily, look elsewhere.
B004GB1242 Great shoe just a little narrow. Great Old School looks with new age support. The only complaint is they run just a little narrow. Still a great buy.
B004GB1242 Super Narrow The throwback style was great, but it was even too narrow for a B width!Bummer, cause it was great looking!
B004GB1242 Shoes Too Narrow The shoes, although I chose the widest width of D, are still too narrow so \i will be returning them unfortunately
B004GB1242 They're ok I guess A little narrow for my average width feet. Cool looking shoes, but not nearly as comfortable as my Etnies Lo Cut 2's.
B004GB1242 a little narrow but still fit great I love these shoes! Super comfy and even though they seem to be a little narrow around the toes they still fit fine.
B004GB1242 Very comfy. Nice looking shoes. Kind of a more narrow fit but i guess thats to be expected from puma. Super comfortable.
B004GB1242 Excellent shoes that look great I have a pair of these and highly recommend them. They look great, are really comfortable for walking and are very light weight. They don't have all that much support so you wouldn't want to wear these for playing sports like basketball or tennis but for everyday use they are excellent. I have wide feet and these do run a little narrow but after a little while they stretch out and are very comfortable. I would definitely get another pair.
B004GB1242 Great looking but narrow These are great looking shoes but they are narrow.  I kept them in the hopes that they stretch out a little.
B004GB1242 Beautiful shoe, BUT too narrow I bought these only because of the free shipping to and from.  My wife liked the color and I was looking for a casual shoe.  The blue was already coloring the white laces.  However, this shoe is made very narrow.  Even if I went up another size, it wouldn't have increased the width the amount that I would have needed.
B004GB1242 Comfy So I just bought these... Love the feel of them. They are definitely on the narrow side, in fact they are just inside the acceptable range for me - so much so I thought I might have to return them. Put after walking a bit in them around the house I found them to be comfortable. The color and design of them is as advertised by photos etc. I bought them for the look and style more than use for running. Once they get beat up then I might run in them... we'll see. But yeah I recommend this product to those without wide feet.
B004GB19WW Puma too narrow footware The Puma sneakers I ordered from Amazon was much too narrow although it was a good looking and well made piece of foodware. The problem I had was that the sneaker was too narrow even though I ordered the sneaker half size larger than my shoe size. Puma must be using a sizing template that is for "bound" feet. Give me and others with normal shoe widths a sneaker that fits and I will buy Puma. If not I'll have to go to another manufacturer that has adapted to differences in sneaker widths,
B004GB19WW Nice shoe Was a nice shoe, well constructed, but really narrow. read other reviews, saw they ran narrow, bought 1 1/2 sizes big and still could not get my foot in. VERY narrow, but a great looking shoe.
B004GB1EEK Okay for the money, Very Narrow though This shoe is decent for the money. However, I would caution someone that it is very narrow for a shoe.  It fits very tight and doesn't have much give.  Seems to be average as far as quality and durability.
B004GEAXRQ Too narrow My daughter has narrow feet, but these shoes were too narrow for her. I bought other brands of sneakers as well, which fit. Compared to these other brands, these were the same length but about 70% of the width. I have never seen a shoe so narrow.
B004GNQIOE Four Stars It is just a bit narrow!
B004I6C730 Not for Me but recommend I absolutely loved these shoes until I had to put them on. Too narrow for my foot. Nice shoes though...i still recommend them to ppl that came wear them. Real light, liked the theme and colors, and would have been comfy if they came in wider sizes.
B004IETLOA narrow The shoe was labeled a "D", but it was a little narrow.  It was wider than the previous pair I bought, but not as wide as the pairof shoes before that.
B004IPYRLG Too narrow I bought these tennis shoes, based on reviews that they were excellent cross trainers (however, when I received the shoe...the inside had them listed as a "running" shoe).  I first ordered my regular size--8.5(M)--and they just barely fit without socks.  When I added workout socks to them, the fit was way too narrow and tight.  So, I decided to return them and order the next size up.  Well, the 9(M) are also slightly tight with workout socks and the fit is too narrow.  The sneakers are aesthetically pleasing and seem to provide decent arch support.  But, with the squeezing fit, on the sides, I will have to return these as well.  Too bad there isn't a wide version available.
B004J4X4OM Great Soccer Cleat The cleats were delivered on time and it's a great fit for a person with wide feet and it looks great. I would definitely recommend this for a person with wide feet.
B004J4X4TW FANTASTIC VENDOR. DECENT SHOE. I don't write reviews!  But this seller was so fast on getting my shoes I was blown away!  Shoes are a bit narrow so you might want to reconsider if you have wide feet.  The shoes is snug and supports my feet very well.
B004J4X4TW Well-made shoe Nice, well-made shoe.  Feels very narrow when first worn, but soccer shoes and cleats should be narrower than other types of shoes.  After wearing them around the house for a day or two, they've stretched nicely and now fit and perform very well.
B004J4XM5S recommended these Puma sneakers are really good. they're a little wide for my feet, but other than that they are perfect.
B004J4XMM6 finally a sneaker that fits My daughter is disabled and can't tie shoes.  She has very skinny feet.  The combination is tough for shoe shopping!  Although we have had nice velcro sneakers, these allow my daughter to be completely independent and they fit her narrow feet beautifully!  I'd love to have another pair that might be more on the line of a running shoe.  Thanks so much for giving my daughter independence and style!
B004J4XNNO Great flats! Very comfortable, I can wear them all day right out of the box.  I have narrow feet and have trouble finding flats that don't slip.  Just bought my second pair and will probably buy more.
B004J4XNNO Better comfort than expected I'm a hard to fit 10 1/2 narrow with a narrow heel. The Pumas fit as well as could be expected. They are comfortable all business day and look great with business dress. Delivered on time and in great shape. Thought the price was good. Most of all the look equals the comfort
B004J4XNNO Too narrow My pinky toe was swollen after the first wear. It's not for a wide foot person. It's more for a person with slim feet.
B004J4XNNO Narrow show Shoes run very narrow and are not comfy for me. Mot Much between feet and ground. Seller is Good! Goof service&#62;
B004J4XNNO Super Cute! Super cute sneaker! Perfect for a casual look.  I usually wear a 7.5 dress shoe and 8 sneaker.  I ordered both and kept the 8. Fit is a little wide for my narrow foot, however, an insole fixes that problem.
B004J4XO5Q super sneaks! These are some good, solid sneakers. The color is just as pictured, as is the silhouette. They have a pretty thin sole, so if you're looking for a shoe like the puma anjans from a few years ago, you won't get it. But they're definitely comfortable (on me, and I have pretty average feet, I think: not really wide or narrow, with a medium arch, and I wear a size 8), and I can tell you for absolutely sure, they are tough. I suspect that the only test of a sneaker more intense than me wearing them would be a jog through a minefield, and after a year of fairly regular use, my pair of these are still looking and feeling good. Absolutely recommended.
B004JF5R1Y MEH PUMAS Looks cuter in picture than person. White is too white, and I've had PUMAS before they run at least 1 size smaller than normal. These were a tad on the narrow side too, returned them.
B004JF5R1Y Little narrow I ordered the second pair (one size bigger for later). It's pretty, lightweight, easy to take on and comfy. The style is kind of narrow so I'm not sure it would be comfy on chubby feet. My child has a regular size she doesn't need wide so she just loves it. The quality is good too. One of our favorite shoes.
B004JF5R1Y Too narrow These shoes looks very cute,but very narrow. I bought 1 size up and was still too tight.Also this shoes doesnt keep its shape ,this might be good in a way the it fits you foot very well.But for someone with narrow feet this is a good purchase
B004MF8ITO Needed these in a pinch I purchased these in a pinch because they were the only ones big enough for my feet.  I have narrow foot and these medium width shoes fit wider than most others I've tried. They are also shiny patent leather which squeak when I walk, probably because they are a bit wide. They look good, but the squeak kills me. I would say if you had a medium to wider foot they'd work well.
B004MF8KW4 Look Good but a SNUG Fit go for the wide fit-they don't look it but are a little narrow.I've heard they loosen up after a few rounds-haven't played in them yet to confirm if this is true.
B004NTV8J6 Great look but not the "second skin" feel of other Pumas In the words of one of my buddies, these shoes are, "like sex...in a shoe" - meaning that they are the embodiment of awesome. 'One of the sharpest looking pieces of footwear I've ever seen. However, in looking forward to blissful comfort like I have with my Puma Replicat IIs, I wasn't completely satisfied. I have wide feet, so maybe that's the problem, but I find that the heel of these isn't snug enough and so heel lifts up unless they're very tightly laced (no, going a size down didn't fix the problem). They are narrow (typical Puma), but being leather I'm sure they'll stretch.Important note: cut off the red labels on each of the tongues or the dye will bleed onto the laces and tongue.
B004TKZAC0 Very comfortable I just love puma shoes! They are the most comfortable shoe that I have found to date, I think that I now own four pairs.LOL. I have had issues with my feet for years, but not with these shoes. The look narrow, but I have lots of toe room.
B004VQYK4G Quality Issues I ordered the 10.5 expecting it to fit perfectly, it did. Keep in mind I have narrow feet and these shoes are SNUG to them. I love shoes like this but if you have a wider foot or even normal width foot, go up in size.My only complaint is the quality. There are a couple parts of the shoe the edging is kind of sloppy. It's not noticeable whilst they are on your feet but can be seen with closer inspection. Other than that, they are quite lovely.
B004VQYK4G Lovely Shoes These were a gift for my brother, and they were great. He has long, narrow feet and wears his shoes hard. So far they've been able to withstand the destructive nature of a teenager, and I would gladly buy pumas similar to this next time I go shoe shopping.
B004VR2ZWY sweeeeet nice shoes. well packaged. very happy with purchasenothing to complain about. very comfortable. i have a wide foot andthese puma's fit very well
B004VSDUJU runs wide, like wide, wide. I have wide feet and I like having room in my shoes for my toes to wiggle. This seemed perfect because it was well made, cute and on the affordable side. Their customer service is great and the shipping was fast. My problem was it was just too wide for me. I even exchanged it for a smaller size and it was still wide. Like I said, they are well made, good price (for a brand name) and cute. Just not for me.
B004W2C7BC Better running shoes with decent price tag I love it, period. It costs less than 50 bucks and it wears very comfortably. I run 6 miles a week and I have found this pair reliable with good cushioning and light weight. It fits my somewhat narrow feet. People with wider feet definitely should go with extra wide.
B004ZBGB0S cool shoes, butt toning? no. I have seen and read about toning shoes for awhile now, it's the new thing. Like toning pants by Reebok, they promise to add extra toning to your body during workouts due to some special property. With shoes, it's the footbed which is rocker shaped making you have to work your foot a little harder which then works your legs, then butt. If only. I don't believe toning shoes really work beyond a small fraction but I'll take that fraction. Even a fraction of a fraction is good, god knows I have spent enough time in the gym, on the streets and trails, in the water swimming mile after so why not add the shoe. I happen to like the appearance of the Puma, the footbed is not extreme like the early models of toners, it looks like a regular shoe but I can feel the rocker. Plus, some science went into engineering this model and Engineers know a lot more than I. They are very comfortable, very good looking, the colors are great and Street Moda has the best price around.  Run very true to size. I think a wide foot may be a problem as they fit slightly narrow.
B004ZIP5GW Men's Voltaic 3 Ordered this for my husband, and it works well for him. He has narrow feet and the slip on style works well for him. He would have like the ability to tighten the laces once the shoe was on, but this is truly a slip on.
B004ZIP5GW Had to return The shoes were not only *extremely* narrow but felt like I was running with &#34;planks&#34; attached to my feet. I would definitely not buy these and had to return them.
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable and stylish I purchased these shoes after researching several reviews online.  I am a fan of Puma's style and color schemes and own a pair of the casual tennis shoes already.  These shoes are very comfortable and have a unique style.  The shoes are narrow in the arch and wide in the toe area which fits my foot exactly.  The all-around wrap of the inner 'sock' versus a standard tongue is unique and very effective.  This leaves your foot feeling like a large sock is on and you don't have the shifting of the tongue as with a normal shoe.  Overall I feel this allows for a better fit of the shoe.I would recommend these to anyone that is on their feet often for the work.
B004ZIP5GW Finally wide width I love these shoes. My second pair. Nice and wide for my feet. Always comfortable and not too hot or cold.
B004ZIP5GW Nice looking Way too narrow for my husband, but quality, nice looking sneaker.  Not good if you have a wide foot.  If narrow, they will work for you.
B004ZIP5GW super wide These are pretty cool looking shoes but they are really wide and kind of plastic looking.  My wife said they look like moon boots with the uppers cut off.
B004ZIP5GW I have new sneakers First you should know, whenever I where these I get all kind of comments on them. Nice shoes, good looking shoes. they go well with blue jeans,They run very narrow and a half size small. I used to wear 11 1/2 now I have to wear 12's. I bought these in 12 and they are small and narrow.Are they comfortable? Yes very, I would buy them again. Love the tongue, it's attached, very good feature.I would buy them again
B004ZIP5GW Allright, not enarly as comfortable as other shoes for running Pros--------------durablebreath wellcons------------Dose not fit wide front feet at all well, your toes will be smooshed togethernon removable soel, is not comfortable and glued inside, so putting a more comfortable one in is not an option. Especially with how narrow these areshoe is not comfortable in my opinionI got these hoping they would be a good replacement for my asics gel nimbus 13 shoes. at $140 there expensive as hell, and they did not last more than 4 months before completely falling apart. However, as far as comfort goes, the gel nimbus 13's by asics are THE most comfortable shoe I have ever worn. Im left searching for a cheaper alternative but something mroe comfortable than these. If you want durable running shoes, these are your match, however due to the glued in soel, narrow front and uncomfortable over all feel, I had to knock 2 stars off. the picture is deceiving, these shoes do not look that wide in person in the front.
B004ZIT63U Great shoes.  Order up 1/2 size. High quality, comfortable, and great color.  But I recommend ordering 1/2 size larger than you usually wear because they are a little narrow in the toe box.
B004ZIT63U Puma Awesomeness I highly recommend these. My son use to be a nike fan, but their quality has plummetted, unless you purchase their top tier. Enter Puma, this is our second pair and true to size. My son' s feet are regular width but lately Nike and Asics have run more narrow than in the past, so the width on the pumas are more generous by comparison, but not necessarily so wide that a child' s foot would wobble around in them. Puma opitimizes form meets function. They feel great and look cool! He gets loads of compliments on them.
B004ZIT63U My son loved the look but they are too narrow They are too narrow for my son's wide feet so they are going back.  He loved the way they look though.
B004ZIT63U Good quality but narrow Fits a little snugger than expected.  More narrow fit. Good quality though.  Would recommend half size larger than what you normally need.
B004ZITHZC Not for wide feet! These are nice looking shoes but they are not built for children with wide feet. They are definitely very narrow.
B004ZITHZC Too Small Suggest buying 1 size up. Great design and style. The colors are also very sharp for a boy. The only issue is the front of the sneaker is narrow and its too short.
B004ZITHZC Perfect I bought these size 10.5 shoes for my 4 year old daughter.  She has wide feet and is very hard on her shoes.  These shoes are very durable and fit her feet perfectly.  And of course she can run faster in them.  :)
B004ZITHZC Nice, but definitely run narrow My daughter loves these and they look cute as well.A word of warning, though-they run narrow, which isn't a problem for her, but would be for any kids with an average width foot.  Order wides if your kids' feet aren't narrow.
B004ZITHZC Very narrow shoe I purchased the toddler size 9 for my three year old son. He wears an 8 1/2 now, but I ordered a 1/2 size up so he could grow into them throughout the season. They fit right on for size, with a little extra space from his big toe to the front of the shoe, but they are so narrow it's almost impossible to get the shoe on his foot. It was hard enough doing it once, I can't imagine doing this multiple times a day, plus we're at a point where he is learning to put on his own shoes, and there is just no way he could do that with these shoes. We've never had this issue with any other shoes before, he wears keens and crocs in the summer and see kai run and target shoes in the colder seasons. I am sending them back.
B004ZITHZC Great shoes Shoes run a little small on length. So I would order a size up. But I love that they are a wider width. My son has wide feet and we have a hard time getting shoes wide enough to fit. These are just great!
B004ZITHZC Beautiful design, well built, little narrow Overall very nice looking sneakers and easy to open and close. It seems sort of tight fit overall, narrow but I am hoping it will stretch a hit as my 2 y old wears them couple of time.
B004ZITHZC Shoes are great, but a little narrow for mi son's feet Shoes are great, but a little narrow for mi son's feet. If your child has chubby feet maybe order the W size.
B004ZITHZC THESE ARE GIRLS SHOES they run small and narrow i am only writing this review because I was about to buy them for my son they seemed perfect just what I was looking for but so glad I read the description closer before I hit the one click order button because these are made for toddler girls not boys therefor they are going to run small and more narrow than shoes made for boys. I would buy these shoes in a heartbeat if I had a girl so I still give it a 5 star even though I don't own them.
B004ZITHZC Very cute shoe that is reflective but very narrow and a little short We purchased this shoe for my son who has very long, narrow feet and narrow heels.  We chose it because it was expected to be narrow. But when put on, it looks crazy wide although it's narrow inside.  I would not buy again but my son can wear it.  I would recommend going up at least 1 size, even for a narrow foot.
B004ZITHZC Needed 1/2 size My granddaughter needed 6.5 shoes.. One review indicated that they were narrow and small so I'd hoped the 7 would fit. Neither of the comments were true for us... they are not narrow and it did not run small..  Kept the shoes hoping she will be able to use by end of summer
B004ZITHZC Small, narrow, and pink! First off these shoes run small, a whole size in my son's case. On top of that, they are narrow. There are solid, good quality, and seem built to last. I ordered half a size up for my son but it still wasn't big enough. He loved the straps and the design. I didn't read the description well and thought they were yellow/green and red but nope, they are HOT PINK. My son didn't care about the color because he liked the look so much but alas he couldn't squeeze his foot in. My daughter who is a whole size bigger tried and she couldn't fit either, much too narrow and tight. We had to return them.
B004ZITHZC Narrow These shoes are a joke. They are ridiculously narrow. I'm not sure what kind of narrow footed kids they are making these for. My son doesn't have wide feet but I could barely get his foot in the shoe and when I did, I could barely close the velcro. Don't waste your money unless your kid has the narrowest feet ever.
B004ZITHZC Good looking shoe just narrow Love the shoe and the color! Only problem is it's a very narrow shoe for kids. Otherwise the size 8 Toddler would have been perfect.
B004ZITHZC Too narrow... The shoes look great, the colors where bright and perfect, but they where too narrow for my daughter. I'm returning them.
B004ZITHZC do not last First, these shoes run slightly small and narrow.  I like the narrow aspect as my son's feet are crazy narrow.  Because of this we kept them because they fit well.  However after minimal use they are already falling apart.  First to go was the reflective area around the ankle of the shoe - but that's not a deal breaker, however annoying because of the cost of these shoes.  Now stitching all over the shoes are starting to come undone - after 2 months of LIGHT wear (maybe twice a week).  Also the tongue constantly slips down.  I don't expect these to last, and I will not be buying them again.  Puma's quality seems to be lacking recently - which is very unfortunate because it is hard to find shoes for narrow feet and they do run narrower than most.
B004ZITJJQ Runs narrow my 5 year old was so disappointed that she could not fit in these super cool sneaks.  unf we have to return them.
B004ZITJKA Way too narrow! Although the shoe looks really nice, it is way too narrow and runs at least a size too small. We are returning the shoe back.
B004ZIWJL6 These were AWESOME and adorable shoes, but they are a bit narrow, and heavy for my 2 year old... He has chubby feet so if that's the case these won't work. great looking shoes though
B0050U20OE Great shoe after 6 months! My son has narrow feet with a slight pronation at his arches, and he has never complained about these shoes.  They fit him well, and they are stylish enough for a casual outing.  Pumas do run about one size smaller than their competitors.  I bought these at the beginning of the school year, and they are still in great shape.  The only wear is the tread at the front of the foot, and that is from normal (yet busy) play outside at school.  He just outgrew these, but I'm sure they could last another couple of months.  These were his 2nd pair of Pumas.  A great fit for his foot!
B0050U20TY Very narrow My 2 1/2 year old has a normal size foot.  I wish I had gotten a W (wide) because they would have fit him longer.  Great style and he loves wearing them.  Held up very good so far.
B0050U20TY Look Cool, My daughters feet say otherwise.. The shoes at the tip are very narrow and not made properly for toddlers, after 1 week my daughters feet started to peel skin at the tips of her toes and they are rough to put on with regular socks on even though I ordered them a size bigger due to rapid growth.I dont recommend these shoes and the return policy after 30 days is useless and amazon prime customer support was very rude to me and would not accept my return, Worst service I have recieved since ebay.No thank you, FUMAS
B0050U7C8I Nice shoe My daughter has very narrow feet and I have a hard time finding shoes that will work. These fit her perfectly and color hides the dirt.
B00517MAKK Great comfy sneakers I love these shoes. A little narrow in the toe, but they fit great. I'm going to order another pair... Maybe even 2 pairs
B00517MAKK Wish I would have bought two pair!! These are awesome! My son has wide feet and I was shocked at how great they fit! Usually Puma's are too narrow. Well worth the money!
B00517MAKK Puma consumers I buy Pumas every year for my son who has narrow, flat feet.  Everyone, especially online buyers, who don't know how certain brands fit, should try them on in a department store first, and then come online and buy the style you want. (since Amazon tends to carry styles I can't find in the mall.:))  I know that I have to buy a size up from other brands like Reebok and Nike when I buy Pumas.  If you have wide feet, I wouldn't recommend them unless they come in the specified sizing for wide feet.These running shoes, however, my son did complain about his feet hurting in them.  He usually wears the Puma 'fashion sneaker' styles and LOVES them with no complaints of his feet hurting.  They last a pretty long time, and he is a very active grade school boy.
B0053A2LWC Very narrow I bought these because I'm on my feet for 8+ hours every day, and they are just adorable. I love the colors.However they are EXTREMELY narrow fitting. I couldnt keep them on for very long because it felt like they were cutting my feet. Very disappointed.
B0053A2LWC Comfort, Comfort, Comfort! These shoes are absolutely great for me!. On my feet 9-10 hours a day, and still feeling good at the end of the day.  They are so lightweight your legs don't get fatigued!  And a special bonus for those of us who have narrow/slim feet, THESE FIT!
B0054D2V7S Excellent Shoe Full disclosure: Didn't have a chance to play on turf yet, but only tried it on.  Fit is pretty good, I ordered it big - one size bigger then I wear.  Previous reviews are right about it being a slightly narrow shoe.  Fit a little bit long, but the width ended up being right.  Definitely looks a lot better having it in person.  The tread seems like it would do very well on turf, definitely an upgrade from the current shoes I have.
B005544T94 GREAT LOOKING , but they run BIG. These are very comfy, good breathing, great looking shoes, however they do run big for the women's sizing.  I (a female) wear an 8 1/2 in most athletic shoes.  These are unisex and the box said that it was a men's size 7 and also a women's size 8 1/2.  But in my experience, men's and women's shoe sizing runs 2 sizes apart.  Therefore, I sent these back in exchange for the women's size 8 (men's size 6 1/2).These also run a little wide.  So, if you have narrow feet, these wouldn't be the best for you.I didn't give these 5 stars because the shock absorbancy on these don't seem to be all that great for "running shoes".  Good thing I'm just going to be using them for mild impact, core strengthening aerobic classes.
B005547MJS Love them I bought these shoes for running and they have done great for that. I love that I can just slide them on and go and that they are super super light. Overall a great runner shoe and very good looking as well. I would have given it 5 stars but they were a little on the narrow side..however not the sellers fault thats just what it is.
B005552422 Great buy Like prior reviews, it's great shoes for either formal or casual wear. I'm a size 13 and they fit great. Even though people think pumas are too narrow, they're actually quite fine for my big a** feet.
B005552422 Simple clean shoe. I ordered a half size larger than normal, there is plenty of room lengthwise but they are NARROW. I wore them in my living room for a little bit and I fear they will really hurt my little toes if I go outside. My feet aren't wide to where I have had to look into wide fittings. I'd hate to have to wrap my feet or take the insoles out. I got these to wear to work during the summer but I'm not sure I can.
B005552422 Runs narrow Really happy with this shoe. Nice quality and great price. Just what we were looking for,the size was good and true to sizing but the width runs very narrow. Had to send them back. Disappointed.
B005552422 A little narrow Some other reviews said the shoes are small..I got mine & had to stretch with shoe horns to get a fit
B005552422 Very Narrow Fell in love with the shoes when I opened the box. ...Downright handsome! But sadly they were too narrow for my foot.
B005552422 nice looking shoe, but sucks for wide footed fools Im a fan of casual athletic sheos or fashion sneakers with the canvas bottoms, but it seems that these kind of shoes, especially pumas, run a little narrow on the sides and on the shoebox. Try to get a size larger.
B0055BZJGY Great flexibility, narrow through the toes. I really love the cushiness of the soles and the way they flex - very nice. I just do wish they were a bit wider for the toes. Does ANYONE have pointed toes?
B0055X9GMK Feels great and looks great! I've been reading about how poor these shoes are made.  I have owned 3 pairs of Pumas so far, and have no complaints.  I have all the 'fashion sneaker' styles, so I have walked in them and gone to the gym.  Running, and any other sport, I have no idea how these hold up, but I have had 2 pairs for over 5 years, and they are just starting to show normal wear and tear.  If you have narrow feet, then these will fit great.  I only went up a 1/2 size just for some extra room.  I wouldn't recommend these for people with WIDE feet.  If you have average feet, then 1 whole size up would be ideal.  Also, I thought the satin fabric on these shoes would get dirty fast, but I've had them for a few months and nothing.  I will scotch guard them just to be safe though.
B0055XATC6 Goodlooking shoe but narrow This shoe is really goodlooking - the red really stands out but it was way too narrow for my feet - i wear a regular 9.5 and i ordered a 10 based on other reviews here and on other sites but it was just too narrow for my feet - I had to return it - the seller was really prompt in sending me a label and credited the amount to my card 2 days after i shipped the shoes back.. Pity i had to return such a smart looking shoe ! The four stars are for the shoe's looks and the seller's prompt responses..
B0055XBD80 Comfortable and low profile My second pair.  I am between a 7.5 and 8.  I got the 7.5.  Fit is snug with thin socks, but as they break in it's not a problem.  The toe box is a bit pointed/narrow.  The insole is more supportive than you might think.
B0055XBNG2 Good shoes, a little tight even for narrow feet I needed a new pair of walking flats that I could wear without socks with my skinny jeans. I have very narrow size 9.5 feet with very narrow heela and extremely high arches, and unfortunately by the end of a long work day sitting at a desk, my feet are more like a 9.5 wide and become very bloated and my arches start to fall. Ugh, what a welcome to the world of adulthood, I suppose. Anyway, these shoes are just a tiny bit tight before my feet start to bloat, and then they get really tight where the elastic band hits- so I have to take them off when I'm sitting or else my feet throb and ache. But they've been great for walking in the morning- I only got one small blister on the back of my right heel (and my right foot is slightly bigger, so that's probably why) and the other shoe doesn't rub anywhere. Absolutely NO toe blisters of any kind have resulted from these- the inside of the shoe feels nice and smooth. So, if you've got narrow feet, go for it!Cute and sporty, and no need for socks. However, there is ZERO arch support in these. Since I've got very high arches, I bought high-arch insoles, but they didn't even come close to fitting into the shoes- so if you need inserts, either go up a whole size and a half or else forget about using inserts. Also, my husband did ask me if they were water shoes, and they do kind of look like it. The main fabric that covers the shoe is satin-y and a little shiny- I guess they look sort of 'Euro.' Got the purple color and it's just slightly more vivid than the online picture, but pretty accurate. Overall they are comfy and the rubber soles seem like they'll hold up well- I put holes in all my other shoes (but that's what happens when you don't have a car and you shoes have hundreds of 'city miles' on them)!
B0055XD2ZM puma womens roma I love the look of the shoes. Only problem is they are very narrow, you have to wear light weight socks with them or they will hurt your feet.  If you have a narrow foot these would be perfect for you.
B00569FS8E A little wide but I love them. Nice design.  Comfortable.  Got many compliments on them.  Just wish they werent so wide on my foot.  I had to add a foot cushion and wear 2 pairs of socks to make it work for me.
B0056YCZ5S Great shoe! I bought these shoes looking for something to wear for running.  Not extremely long runs but 5k or so.  I really enjoy them especially good grip in not so sturdy terrain.  True to size, not too narrow, not too wide.  The colors kind of threw me off though.  You only see the yellow side but the whole other side is maroon.  My kids call them my joker shoes.  Very bright but I like them.
B0056YQYTQ flashy dig them a little narrow in the toes but they are soccer shoes so that is to be expected.  for the price it was a great buy in my eyes
B0056YRCTW Awesome for wide feet! Leather is great. Grood price Best soccer shoes so far for me. I have tried a lot of other brands before and because of my wide foot it was hard to keep them for very long.Very happy with the purchase.
B0057N10RC Good sneakers They fit comfortably and have been nice to run in.  They didn't look quite as I thought they would in person...they make my feet look kind of long and narrow, but no big deal.
B0058XF1KI Puma Shoes My son is happy with the shoes and the price was good. They are canvas so if you have a really wide foot it might not fit as well.
B0058XF1V2 Get compliments on these all the time! Very comfortable and well-fitting sneakers. Several people have complimented me on them. They are pretty narrow (like other Pumas) so I would advice only wearing them with slim/straight jeans or pants (no wide legged or baggy or classic fit pants). Also nice touch not having to do my shoelaces ha! Exterior has a knack of staying clean (unlike my suede shoes). Would not recommend if you have wide feet. I use these sneakers for casual wear. I ordered these the same size as my Puma Roma and my Puma running sneaker.
B0058XF1V2 Too narrow!!! These shoes were way to narrow.  My son couldn't even squeeze his foot into the shoe. Very disappointed.  Had to return them.
B0058XF1V2 Great looking shoe, be careful with fit and quality. These shoes fit great for length, if anything they look almost too long from the third person, but be careful as they feel pretty narrow at my toe box.  As far as the quality goes I think they'll last, but looking at them out of the box it looks like they've been worn like 1 time before outside, and then were shipped.  May just be the manufacturing process though.
B0058XF1V2 Great fit for narrow feet I have size 14 feet and it can be difficult to find the right pair of shoes.  These Puma shoes are low profile and are great for narrow feet.  I bought this pair for work and am highly considering the purchase of a set for home.
B0058XF1V2 TOO NARROW This is a neat shoe but it is very narrow and difficult to get the velco strap across the shoe and fastened. I had to order a bigger size and it too is quite narrow. I also ordered a half size bigger but it did not make a noticable difference. Should have gone up a whole size.
B0058XF1V2 Like a Glove!! Perfect Fit, my feet are narrow, so this shoes fit perfectly, you should think twice if you have wide feet.These shoes are so classy and fashionable that it's impossible not to love them, highly recommended
B0058XF60I Good for narrow feet I have narrow feet for a guy, especially having size 14 feet. I had tried these on in store and decided to get them here because of price. Even though I have narrow feet, they still provide me with enough lace to snug them down when I go running. I have a total of 3 pairs of these because they are so comfortable I wanted one for working out/running, one for everyday, and one as a backup pair.
B0058XF6Q2 Little tight for the size I wear these shoes when I practice my martial art and they are pretty good. The bottom of the shoe is a little narrow compared to the rest of the shoe, and their sizing is smaller compared to most other companies. I ordered a 12 and it was still to small and narrow for my feet.If/When I order another pair I'd go up a size for sure. Otherwise only one stitch has come out for how hard I've been wearing them and I'm pretty happy with them.
B0058XF6Q2 Nice Shoes The last pair of Puma shoes i bought were really comfortable so i decided i would try them again.The build quality and materials in this one are fantastic, the leather is great and the shoe is very comfy and flexible. Also, the grip is good even on wet floor (the last pair of shoes i had were slippery when wet).Not to mention they look really nice. The color in the picture for the black Coffee is quite accurate and i really like it. Overall a very nice shoe, hopefully they will last a long time..As for most pumas, they are fairly narrow. My foot is not very narrow and fits fine, but if you have really wide feet these are probably not the shoes for you.
B0058XF6Q2 Love them! My son lives in these,  the last pair lasted until he out grew them.They do run about a 1/2 size small and are narrow in width - for him they work perfectly.
B0058XF6Q2 Great Shoes..... Very nice shoes!  Look great!  Feel good, run slightly narrow.  Lenght was odd, 11.5 was short, the 12.0 slightly long.  Very nice shoes nonetheless.
B0058XF6Q2 Fits tight for narrow feet I have wide feet and the 13 fit kind of narrow. The design is very nice and sleek making it worth it. After I a while the comfortableness goes away, I don't wear these often...
B0058XF6Q2 They run very narrow I had to send them back--I ordered a 10 1/2 for my grand-son---and they fit my other grandson that wears a 9 1/2.
B0058XF6Q2 Too Narrow I only take a 7 1/2 size sneaker to begin with, so I have a small foot anyway. These were the narrowist sneaker i've ever seen. They squeeze my foot, even after i've been wearing them on and off for 2 months, trying to stretch them out. The soles are even narrow, they look like bowling shoe soles. Sorry, only 2 stars for me.
B0058XF6Q2 Best sneakers I've had These sneakers are the best I've ever had.  They are extremely comfortable, stylish, and relatively inexpensive.  The only CONS with this product is that they are a little narrow, so if you have wide feet like I do, you're going to have to wear them in a little.  Other than that, perfect.
B0058XF6Q2 Very Narrow The shoe looks just like the picture and the size fit, 10.5,  like it should how ever the shoe was very narrow and I could not wear them. I have always worn normal size shoes and I could not wear these.  I checked the label and they were not marked as narrow so I assume it's the style of the shoe.  They felt very uncomfortable and as if my feet were trying to balance on the sole of the shoe.  Could only wear them for 5 minutes before they hurt my feet.
B0058XF6Q2 great going out in shoe I'm a huge puma fan and was not at all disappointed with this pair.  I needed a pair of shoes that I could wear out to bars that have a stricter dress code and these worked out great.  They run a little narrow just as most pumas do so it might take a few weeks to break them in.
B0058XF6Q2 Looks nice I bought these shoes for my husband because he loves Pumas.  I ordered the size he usually wears, but he said the toe area is too narrow and makes them uncomfortable to wear.  They look very nice, but he can only wear them for a little while before he has to take them off again.
B0058XF6Q2 A bit narrow They seem to run a bit narrow, I have a normal sized foot, the length is fine, just a but tight in the lower toe area.
B0058XFAMC Nice Pumas These shoes were great for the price. Somewhat thin sole, but it is a sneaker versus a running shoe. I did have to order an entire size larger then with other brands, as Pumas are always narrow.
B0058XFAOK Poor design from a usually good shoemaker This is one of the few Amazon orders that I have ever returned.  In fact, I have owned several pairs of Pumas over the years and have always been pleased, but these were a let down.  The problem is twofold.  First, the shoes are very wide and roomy.  The size 14 lenght I ordered was correct, but the footbed and the uppers on the shoes were so wide and spacious that i could have put on 3 pairs of wool socks and still gotten into these shoes.  I do have somewhat narrow feet and one obvious solution would be to tighten the shoe.  That doesn't work with these shoes because the velcro contact point for adjusting the strap is only about an inch wide.  When i tightened the shoes to fit the velco didn't match up.  I'm returning them and will look for something else.
B0058XFP4A Narrow I read other reviews and took the advice and bought a size bigger, not a good idea.  The shoe runs big so if you dont have narrow feet or your feet are really wide then dont buy becuase addiing a size will feel like you have an extra six inches at the front of your foot.  But  I did like the shoe overall look and feel.
B0058XFP86 Not for narrow feet. The design of the shoe isn't flattering for those who have narrow feet. So if you do have narrow feet...go try it on at a store first to see how it looks. It does fit true to size and comfort level...it's OK. But sadly can't get over the looks part and the shoes have since found a new owner.
B0058XFP86 really narrow shoes too  small  narrow and painful to wear even at a size bigger than I wear normally.  don't get it if you have wide feet
B0058XFP86 Sized totally wrong Wanted these shoes a lot. They are way too narrow. And there's little that can be done as if you go up a size, they'll still be too narrow and you'll be left with these canoes.
B0058XFP86 Shoe was too narrow Usually a size 10 is perfect however, these shoes run narrow and I had to return them. I recall the same issue with the last pair of Puma's I purchased. May be Pumas are made narrow?
B0058XFP86 size problem i got my size and it looks great but it was very narrow on my footits hurts when i walk for a long way
B0058XFP86 Nice Shoes Good color, very comfortable, light and breathable material and have a good style. the only knock on this shoes is that they are too narrow, i recommend getting the next size to our shoe size.
B0058XFP86 Love These Took a little getting use to but they look great and feel fantastic.The ball of your heel rests on a really narrow pad. It feels a bit weird at first but once you break them in it's fine.
B0058XFP86 Cool & Comfortable Love the shoes themselves, just a tad on the snug size. I would still order the same size, it's just designed for a fairly narrow foot.
B0058XFP86 Tight I like the look of the shoe it felt nice and tight like a new shoe should however it seems too tight in width. a little too narrow but this maybe on purpose. I never had puma's before and perhaps thats the way they all filt.
B0058XFP86 perfect fit It's fitting is narrow to midum, but after waring it a day it allines to your feet and the fit is perfect.
B0058XFP86 Right idea, way too narrow I had been searching for easy slip on shoes for everyday use for weeks.  I found these shoes and was excited to get them.  After about two weeks, they finally came.  I have a narrow foot, and I still spill over the sides of this shoe.  It has the right concept, but there should be a warning for buyers about how narrow this shoe really is.  I decided to keep them, just to avoid the hassle of sending them back.  Nice looking shoe, just a very strange fit.
B0058XFP86 Look Great!  Feel Terrible! These shoes look nice, but my feet were in pain.  Support for your feet is lacking tremendously, and yes, they do run small.  Very narrow as well.  I wore these all day to an event, and my feet were screaming by the end of the day.  I've have worn them since, and this shoe tends to invert my feet, and at times, my knees feel the same.  I'm going to try and use an aftermarket insole as a last ditch corrective effort before I give these away, but I will not use these as a running shoe.
B0058XFP86 Nice Shoes the only knock on this shoes is that they are too narrow, so if you have a wide foot then it'll take a little discomfort to break them in. Other than that it's a nice looking shoe.
B0058XFP86 PUMA men's Osu running shoe First of all, MAKE sure you read the reviews before you order these shoes. The styling is killer, they look great on your feet, but make sure you get the next size up because these run small and narrow. I realize there's not much you can do about the narrow part because these only come in medium width. My first pair were returned because they were just too tight. I wear a 9.5, and had to re-order a size 10. These fit way better, but don't plan on wearing thick socks, because they'll be too tight. These will be great for warm weather and I look forward to wearing them then.
B0058XFP86 Nice, but didn't work for me I really like the look of these shoes. They fit well, but a little to narrow for my feet. If they made a wider version I would totally love them. These bother a nerve in my foot. I will be sending them back.
B0058XFP86 WAAAAY TOO NARROW.... First let me say that these shoes are really, really aesthetically pleasing they go up against the Free Run +2's easy. But, they run waaay too narrow. If you are aware that you have a wide foot and know it then don't buy these or you'll be wasting your money. The sole inside the shoe wasn't wide enough for my foot on top of it squeezing the s*** out of my foot from the shoe itself. It's not as bad without socks so I might rock them during the summer now, but other than that these are completely unwearable especially for being used for working out like I wanted these to be.
B0058XFP86 Excellent Shock Absorption, Limited Durability As a long distance runner, I go through a lot of shoes.  I've tried shoes from all the major brands, and I rarely buy two pairs of the same model.  However, I am now 80-90% through my second pair of Puma Osu Nm's and I'll be purchasing a third pair when these finally expire.Many shoes leave me with ankle or foot pain after a strenuous run.  I'm also prone to shin splints, which I get from most shoes after a few days of consecutive runs.  That's why I love these shoes -- my feet feel fantastic after using them and I don't get shin splints at all!  When they're wet and muddy and I go back to my Reebok Zigs or New Balance Minimus 1010s (which are both relatively new), I get shin splints and foot pain every time.  That's when I appreciate my Pumas the most!The one weakness to these shoes is that they don't hold up as well as I wish they did.  After about 350-400 miles, I start getting shin splints and ankle pain again and I know they're on their way out.  However, they make a great sneaker at this point, given their bold style.  People always compliment me on them, although I could care less how they look.  I like running shoes to last about 600 miles, but usually shoes that last that long are more expensive than this model.All in all, these shoes are a great value.  The best thing about them is the comfort they provide during (and after) hard runs.***UPDATE***I changed the rating of this shoe from five to three stars.  Although they were very comfortable, they were the primary cause of my "hammer toe," which basically describes a bent toe derived from poorly fitting shoes.  The toes were not wide enough for my feet, and I didn't even realize it for months.  It took six months of not wearing these shoes for my hammer toe to go away.  I was worried it would last forever.  As many other reviewers have said, these shoes are very narrow.  If you do choose to buy them, at least get a bigger size than you normally would.
B0058XFP86 Design is great, but width is narrow They are a bit narrow and thus you may want to order a size larger. Otherwise it's very comfortable, light weight and amazing design. Can recommend to everyone, just keep in mind that they may come as narrow if you order your exact size.
B0058XFP86 Not the right fit I liked the look of the shoe but the fit was not good.  I have a wide foot & these shoes run narrow.
B0058XFPLS Puma Men's Cell Sneakers I have narrow feet, I read that mediums run narrow so I ordered a pair and they fit great. And are very good looking.
B0058XFRLG Run a little narrow but look great. okay so if you are Sasquatch these shoes aren't for you. To be fair if you have even remotely wide feet these aren't for you.I like them. They look nice. Make my feet look a little smaller than they are, and are a tad dainty so if your manhood can't handle those sorts of things you might want to consider something in a timberland boot, maybe with a steel toe just to compensate. But honestly I think they are nice shoes at a decent price.
B0058XGI5A This shoe is way too narrow for most people. Do not buy this shoe unless you have a very, very narrow foot.  I have never seen a shoe so narrow.
B0058XGI5A Cute shoes - just wish I could wear them :( I wear 9 1/2 in men's shoes, so my feet are fairly wide.  However, I love Puma shoes and I've ordered 9 1/2 in them before with no problem.  Length-wise, the shoes fit fine, but these are REALLY narrow.  Plus, the sole doesn't cover the entire bottom of the foot, so I felt like I was wearing skates.  It's a shame too, because they were nice looking shoes.
B0058XGI5A Not what I expected! These shoes were too small & extremely narrow! An 11 wide in women's do NOT equal the size 9.5 in men's shoes as quoted! I've purchased several men's size 9 shoes & had no problem fitting in them. These actually looked like a narrow & I couldn't get them past my toes! They're on they're way back....
B0058XGI5A Nice Sneakers If your looking for a minimalist sneaker, this is a great choice. It has that thin soled European look. They are very narrow so if you have a wide foot, this may not be for you. I ordered a full size larger and they fit well.
B0058XGI5A Puma styple For me Puma is old school style.  The are a sleek shoe.  The are a narrow fit which works well on my narrow foot. I typically were medium width, and these shoes are that size, but the design is narrow and hugs the foot.  Not a lot of padding in the foot bed, but I expected that. I have worn them with jeans and they look great. Plan to wear with shorts once summer arrives.
B0058XGI5A Great looking shoe but too narrow.... I have always wanted a pair of Puma's like this since I was a kid. These aren't the ones I specifically wanted but Amazon didn't have them. Anyways, they are too narrow for my feet. I tried to give them to my son but his feet are too wide too. even loosening the laces didn't help. Great looking shoe though.
B0058XGI5A Love the shoe, but the fit not so much The shoe is very narrow and didn't fit. Sad that we will have to return these as they were a gift for my husband.
B0058XGI5A I love them, but my feet are too fat I guess Pumas tend to run quite narrow -- I did not know this when I bought them, so my fat feet did not fit into the shoes. These shoes would have been great, though. They were well-stitched, beautiful in appearance, and generally very nice.
B0058XGI5A not made for medium with feet The width of the shoe was to small. It is made for a person with a very narrow foot. So I'm returning them.
B0058XGI5A Nice sneaker This is a nice sneaker, I wish it had a little more of an arch support.it runs a little narrow, which is just fine for me since I have narrow feet.I had to return the first pair for a half size larger.
B0058XGI5A comfortable They are very comfortable shoes and good looking too. They are kinda narrow for feet though. I recommend any puma fan to get'em. I really like'em so much. Even my friend are impressed. Just get one or half size more than yours coz they're kinda narrow as I mentioned b4
B0058XGI5A No big feet in Europe? This shoe is the typical European width.  Way too narrow.  If your foot is as wide as a pencil, then this is the shoe for you!
B0058XGI5A Alright These are my first pumas so maybe I just don't koan the brand but they were kinda narrow for my feet.  Other than that they are very comfortable!
B0058XGLKC Comfortable, supportive enough for cardio exercise, and I love them You're trying on a new pair of shoes. They're a little uncomfortable, so you take them off. Then you put your old, broken-in shoes back on and everything feels snug and just right. The way shoes should feel. The Pumagility is that snug shoe, except you've never worn it before! It's like sliding into a pair of slippers... if you even wear slippers.I drove just under 100 miles to get these. To say I was excited about them would be an understatement. I wore them out of the store and sprinted back to my car since I parked on a busy Boston street without paying the meter. The bottom of the shoe is a little cushy and absorbs impact while you run, which was the first thing I noticed. And while on the subject of running, I wouldn't exactly classify the Pumagility as a running shoe, but I do wear them for that purpose now and then (rotating your shoes will prolong their life and cushioning). Double-knot your laces if you run, though! I ran a 5K and my laces came untied. Maybe I just didn't tie them well enough...I mostly wear these as cross trainers for the gym. They're comfortable, supportive enough for cardio exercise, and I love them. I have narrow feet, and the Pumagility is neither narrow nor wide, but my feet aren't "swimming." It's snug enough. I have a pair ofBrooks Adrenalinedevoted for running, yet I've still racked up a lot of miles on the Pumas. When these wear out, I plan to get another pair, maybe in one of the seven other colorways.Also, if you like visuals, check out the Pumagility commercial on YouTube. Pretty cool.
B0058XGUJ4 Nice shoe This is about my 10th pair of pumas, and they are a little bit more narrow than I am used to with pumas
B0058XGUJ4 Not comfortable at first but quickly broken in and now great. As another reviewer noted, I thought these shoes felt much too narrow when I first tried them on. I went for my run anyways, and 10 minutes in the shoes already felt much better then the "no brand" pair they replaced. Excellent cooling and aside from the initial narrow feeling the sizing was spot on for what I expected. Styling in person is a little cheesy, but these are athletic shoes.
B0058XGWOC Pretty Happy I just got these shoes today after ordering them, and I am not sure exactly how I feel about them yet. I got a size 7 1/2 and it feels true to size. I have narrow feet and it fits me so that may be a concern for someone with wider feet. The heel is a little uncomfortable, but they aren't broken in yet so that will probably chane. The sole is comfortable. The only thing that I don't really like about them is that it shows a lot of my foot, and I like to wear socks so it shows most of the sock. I thought the front would go further back. Regardless though, I'm keeping them, and I'm sure they will become more comfortable in time.
B0058XGWOC Pretty show but narrow and tight I love puma shoes because it is always comfortable and stylish.  This one is pretty but the fit is narrow and tight. I have buy it one size up.  And it is still narrow and because it has nylon material on the top.  You could hear the nylon sounds when you wear it.
B0058XH1F6 Comfy! They look fantastic! I normally wear an eight and got a 8.5 but I shouldve ordered a size nine. They are also a little narrow, so if you have wide feet I would not purchase these. My feet are on the verge of being wide, so they barely fit. Just keep that in mind. I am going to keep mine because they still fit ok, but my toes are right at the edge. I got the teal/gray ones and they are very cute!
B0058XH4L2 Super Narrow These shoes are super cute, so I was disappointed when I tried them on and they were so narrow! I bought them to do some heavy walking in, and found there was almost no cushioning or arch support in the sole. The color is also different in real life than in the photo. These are much more pink than Puma claims.
B0058XH4L2 Fun color, sort of a funny fit These shoes seemed too long and narrow for an 8.5, and they were not that comfortable so I returned them.
B0058XH4L2 Too Narrow Love the shoe and was adorable in person, but was way too narrow for my foot and I don't have wide feet. I was very disappointed.
B0058XH4L2 Love these shoes! **These shoes definitely run narrow, so if you do not have narrow feet, they are probably not for you.I bought these shoes for my trip to Europe.  I wanted something that would be cute, but comfortable as I knew I would be walking a lot.  Not only were they comfortable, I received several compliments on them!I only gave 4 stars because of the narrowness of the shoes.  Otherwise, it would be a solid 5!
B0058XH4L2 love these shoes This is the 4th pair that I have purchased.  My foot is narrow and the Puma's are the only shoes of this kind that actually fit.  They are super comfortable and you can walk for hours in them.  They are great for the airport as they are easy off and on, they look good and are super comfortable.
B0058XH4L2 puma very narrow fit. i like the look of it, wear it for everyday, but the pink letters stand out (i colored them with a sharpie)
B0058XH4L2 These are my favorite flats I have 5 - yes 5 pairs of these shoes and they are fantastic. I like that I can wear them to work as well as on weekends with jeans, shorts or capris.  I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 in shoes and I got these in the 8.5 and they fit great. So many shoes (especially flats) are so wide all the way through the length of the shoe and the sides actually flap away from my feet looking sloppy and huge. These are perfect for me (I wear a B width but on the narrow side). For whatever reason one of the pairs I own does rub my heel a little but the other 4 pair were comfortable right out of the box.  I get TONS of compliments on these shoes and wear them often.  I have black with the hot pink puma, black with the red puma, all black, brown, and pewter colors. Now I want something lighter for summer but the white one is sold out in my size.  Bummer.  Hopefully I can find another pair someplace; I feel that these are the ONLY flats that really fit my feet, are comfortable, and look super stylish.
B0058XH4L2 small, narrow These are cute, if you can find the right size.  One of the other reviews mentions that different colors are sized differently. I ordered the Blue Curacao/Clearwater/Fluorescent Pink.  I ordered up 1/2 size from my usual size and these were still way too short for my foot. They are also quite narrow. Keep that in mind when ordering.  I had to send them back.
B0058XH4L2 narrow but not short in length A lot of other comments said these run small so I bought a half size larger than normal. They're huge! They do run a little narrow,but they aren't short. Had to return them.
B0058XH4L2 cute shoe shoes look really cute and they are true to size. the toe box is very stiff and you can feel the seems. I'm not sure if that will go away if they are broken in. I will keep them, but cant wear them for very long yet! I do have wide feet so this might not be an issue for narrow feet.
B0058XH5D4 Wide - look like skater shoes All the reviews said to buy a half size up, so I did.  But they are ridiculously WIDE.  It makes it so that the heel of the shoe is constantly slipping off my foot.
B0058XH5D4 not to my standards I ware a size 10 med.  I always get an 11 in running shoes because of the socks I ware with them.  So when I ordered these I assumed they would fit.  Not so, they were too narrow and my toes hit the end of the shoes.  Also, I don't like shoes I can lace up and tighten, these are slip-on with laces.  Even for the price they are not worth it.  I really need to go to an athletic store and by the correct shoes, no more on-line buying for me.
B0058XH5D4 Putting on my Pumas make me want to RUN, BABY!!! These running shoes are awesome.  They look at tad wide at first, but lucky for me, I have wide feet.
B0058XH5D4 Would work well for people with wide feet I have a somewhat narrow foot, and I felt like my feet were swimming in these shoes.  Also, around the sole of the shoe on the outside, you could see the glue sticking out.  Not that big of a deal, but when I spend the money on shoes, I want to be sure they are well made.
B0058XH5D4 Puma running shoe Love the colors.  I did order a 1/2 size larger after reading other reviews & glad I did. Toe box a little narrow.
B0058XH5D4 Love the look of these shoes! I love the color combination on this shoe! They seem a little narrow on my toes, but not uncomfortable enough that I won't wear them so I'm hoping the shoe will stretch a little in time. I ordered a pair for my sister also and she loves them!
B0058XH5D4 Very comfortable These shoes are a little difficult to get on because the tongue is not seperated from the sides.  But, once its on, its very snug and comfortable because it does not slid up and down when I walk.  My feet are narrow and this is always a problem for me.  I would recommend this shoe with that one reservation.
B0058XH5D4 Great Great color, very comfortable!! I used them the next day I got them, no pain at all!! liked that they are wide, not that much because my feet are normal, but wide enough to exercice comfortably.
B0058XH5D4 Light and comfortable I agree with other posts, these do run small. I usually wear a 9.5 but the 10 fit perfectly. They do, however, run wide. I have wide feet and these are quite roomy. They are light and comfy, they only thing I don't *love* about them is the attached tongue. It can make them a little difficult to get on. I do love the way they look thought, they are super cute!
B0058XH5D4 If you have wide feet don't even bother! My feet aren't even that wide, and I couldn't even get them in the sneaker! The problem is that the tongue is attached to the shoe completely, so you can't pull it forward to get your foot in. Bought two pairs on a daily deal and both are going back! Extremely disappointing as they looked great!
B0058XH5D4 Comfortable and great colors I'm a puma fan and have been wearing pumas for years. They are comfortable and the colors are great. Very deep black and the silver is a great addition.  I have alittle wider foot and i cant wear the narrow style of puma sneakers but these are slightly wider and i have no problems with these hurting my feet.
B0058XH5D4 For Wide Feet These sneakers are good but are definitely for people with wide feet.  I get a lot of compliments on them.  I like them because they are roomy but may not fit folks with narrow feet.
B0058XH5D4 just a pretty face These are so pretty and the price was right, but they are so hard to get on, even tho' once on they feel okay, it would be too much trouble to struggle with them. The toes also are wide and look strange, tho' they didn't feel wide once I got the shoes on
B0058XH5D4 Well-made, poor fit I can speak to the aesthetics of the shoes -- they seem well-made.  However, I consider myself to have regular-to-narrow feet, and these were too narrow for me.  My arch was squished & suffocating.  I think the toe box was fine (narrow), but the rest of it was too much so.  Similarly, the back part of the heel rests low -- I'm sure some might be used to this style, but I kept feeling like me whole foot was going to slide out.  Just awkward.
B0058XH5PM looks great and comfortable only reason I didn't give a 5 star was that the sole grip is not great...its thin and narrow. however for a sneaker its okay...
B0058XH5PM good shoe Good shoe.  A little narrow, but not too narrow as to be unwearable.  Price is right and appears to be well made.
B0058XH5PM Narrows.. These shoes fit quite snug but the leather will stretch. They are narrow in the toe as many Puma's are. After a few wears they are starting to give a bit which is nice. For the price they are a good deal.
B0058XH5PM Great slip on sneakers These shoes were perfect to wear on the plane and in Japan. They slip on and off easy, and they are very comfortable. I read that they come small, it's true, I wear a 10 1/2, so I ordered size 11, they fit perfect. They are a little narrow, may not be good if you have a wide foot or can't wear a narrow show. I think I'll order another pair for the future, so I'll have another pair when I wear these out. That's how much I like them.
B0058XH854 Returned I like the look of the show and how light it was but it was too narrow for my foot. I have a pretty narrow foot and the fit was not great.
B0058XH854 Great buy My hubby gave these to me as a Xmas present. I have been running for a while now and he thought it would be nice. I love the style, color, they arrived in a nice PUMA bag BUT I wore them to run and my feet went numb. I don't have slender feet, but they aren't super wide either none the less they are too narrow for me to run in. I will wear them but not to actually run.
B0058XHCDM Casual without Looking Clunky It is not an &#34;long walk&#34; sneaker; however, it does offer comfort and fits well.  I wear it to run errands and when I take a short walk.  The shoes has a nice style and it fit me true to size.  Although I have a narrow foot, this shoe is not extremely wide and it worked for me.
B0058XHEBM hubby loves These run a little narrow but once you break them in they are wonderful.  Very sharp looking shoe my husband loves them!
B0058XHEBM black Puma the sneakers run a little narrow so try to get a wider width, I bought them for my son and he loves them
B0058XHEBM Nice style, but the shoes are way to narrow ! No option for wide sizes. They need to have that option. For look and comfort. These shoes are very narrow they should add wide sizes. They fit to tight on the side of the shoes. I did not see any wide options. But I do like the style of the shoes except they are to narrow. They need to have that option. For look and comfort.
B0058XHEBM Very narrow show I LOVE Puma shoes and have owned many pairs since i was a kid.  This pair was very narrow on my foot and the materials were very thin making the shoe uncomfortable.  I was gutted as theses shoes look super sharp and my last pair fitted perfectly.  Sadly it looks like another example of when companies cut corners and make a product of the cheapest materials. Saying this; This experience has not changed my thought on Puma shoes.  Next time i will just have to go to a store and try them on before purchasing them on the net.
B0058XHEBM Great They came in as expected date. I should have gotten a size bigger because the shoes run narrow, but they are very comfortable.
B0058XHEBM Tacky Shoe Very narrow shoe, more like B or C Not a D -  laces are very wide and laces are awkward as the lace holes impede smooth pull.  Cheap tacky feel do not waste your money on this item............
B0058XHEBM great shoes Love the shoes.  Read the previous reviews. So I ordered my pair 1/2 size larger.  Fit is good.  The shoes do run a bit narrow but the leather is stretching as I wear them.  Great for working out.  Shoes fit like a pair of gloves. Satisfied customer.
B0058XHEBM Shoes are tight These must run small, should have ordered a half size larger, narrow width as well. rating should NOT require a minimum number of words.
B0058XHEBM they are ok The shoes are not really for people with wide feet. They are ok but dont fit like my puma golf shoes do.
B0058XHN6I Very narrow These shoes are very cute, but VERY uncomfortable.  If you have narrow feet they would be great.  I am an average size 7.  These shoes cut into the toe box area of my foot very badly!  I couldn't even wear them for 15 minutes!
B0058XHN6I cute but not a great style This shoe is really cute and may work on really narrow feet but it did not fit well on me. I have normal width 8.5 feet. The side of the shoe that dips down low rubs the side of my foot like crazy. Not a good style for me...
B0058XHN6I Great for people with narrow feet For those of us with narrow feet, it's rare that we get to wear shoes like this.  These are great.  There's a little spot that rubs that, like with all new shoes, I'm getting used to.  Other than that, these are great.  No scrunching of toes to keep your shoes on.  No shoes flying off your feet.Again, these are for folks with narrow feet, but most PUMAs run fairly narrow. Love them.
B0058XIS0I VERY VERY Narrow Now i like narrow shoes. It makes my feet fit like my body since im a skinny guy.  These shoes are just too narrow.  I dont wear pumas often because the material is cheap and non durable but i like how they look.  I wear a 101/2 on normal shoes like Nike (i dont buy often because there brand make my feet look fat) and a couple of other athletic brand shoes.  This pair of puma i brought a size 11.  I should have got a 11 1/2.
B0058XIVRS confortable this tennis shoes are super confortable, light weight, i'm happy with this purchase a very good deal for a puma shoe, i get my real size they are not narrow.
B0058XIVRS pretty good Fits a little snug. NOt too snug as to where I can't wear it. THe length is good but it is very narrow and that's coming from a girl who has a narrow foot anyway. It's rather snug on the sides. If wide is available I suggest you get it. Length is fine.
B0058XIVRS Birthday Gift Very comfortable.  However, I had to exchange them for a larger size.  They were too narrow for my feet.  I normally wear a 8.50, but the 9 seemed more comfortable with socks.  My son bought me the pink and purple.  I felt compelled to buy a few new workout clothes to go with my shoes.  I'm considering the black pair as well.
B0058XIVRS Cute, but run narrow I really wanted to love these shoes.  I read all the reviews and saw the posts regarding width but I generally do not have problems with that.  With previous purchases, when customers have complained about the width I've found I didn't have a problem so I took a chance on these as well.  Unfortunately it didn't pay off.  I wear a size 10.5-11 depending on the shoe, and I have a medium width (not wide). I find that these shoes fit well in length and there is enough room at the widest part of the foot, the problem is across the top of the shoe where the velcro strap is.  It's just too tight.  My plan was to use these on short runs or walks, or even on the elliptical. After the third use it just got to be too much and I even noticed some pain in one knee (an older injury that sometimes causes problems with the wrong shoe).  I really liked the weight and feel of these, and they look great on.  They were just too tight at the instep and for whatever reason didn't work with whatever minor joint injury I have.  Personally, I'd recommend these for someone who has narrow to medium width and under a size 10, as I think once you hit the 10 mark things start to get tricky.
B0058XJP0A Well built Puma has always made excellent shoes although they come in narrow styles. I purchased this as it closely look like the ones worn by the MotoGp pit crew, it is also very stylish.
B0058XKSCY Great for Zumba Love these shoes, my 2nd pair. Roomy toe, narrow heel, good firm support for Zumba or just walking . Light weight, pack and travel well.
B0058XKUMM narrow Shoe is a little narrow. I usually don't have a problem with width but these sneakers are snug in the front of the sneaker.
B0058XKUMM beautiful color however runs small I was very excited to recieve my purchase in the mail. Like the other reviewer said the colors look much more saturated in person. Only thing is they fit very narrow. It's upsetting to have to send them back cause they look so cool
B005901UOG Surprisingly Comfortable for Wide Feet. At a size 10, double E wide, higher than normal arch, it is very difficult for me to find shoes, including athletic, that are comfortable to wear. I chose a size 11 as an attempt to compensate for the medium width that I tested. I often do this when purchasing shoes. When I first put them on, I had a medium-thick pair of athletic socks on and it was a little snug getting them on. However, once they were on I was pleasantly surprised by the roominess. Generally, when I put on anything that is a medium width, my foot is squeezed until it's numb. In this case, this did not happen. However, someone who might have extra-narrow feet may feel like their feet are swimming in these shoes.The upper part of the shoe is made primarily of mesh and is very soft and giving. I'm a walker and I took a long, strenuous, and fast-paced walk, wearing these and noticed their light feel and comfort. The toes of my very wide feet did not feel strangled and I could easily wiggle them.  Since I ordered a size up, I suspect I might have been able to wear my true size without noticeable discomfort. There was some toe room; these shoes are true to size and the graphic shown is an accurate representation of what the actual shoe looks like.I like them.
B005901UOG Plenty of room in the toes, and great stability. My trainer always lectures me for coming in with fancy sneakers, because usually there isn't enough room at the toe area for my toes to spread out - my little toe is usually crunched into the other toes, which is bad for balance and bad for my feet. I loved that as soon as I put these on, my toes spread out a bit and felt roomy! I even noticed the difference when I went for a jog. It felt like the roomy toe box allowed for better stability.I also was surprised at how much I liked the built-up portions at the side of the heel. It felt like it kept my legs stable as I ran and provided great cushioning. The only thing I dislike about that is that the heel looks a little cheap, from a fashion perspective. There's like a weird plasticky shine to the lime and purple that makes the shoe look less expensive than it is. But the functionality is great, and I love the combination of purple and lime - very on-trend and easy to harmonize my workout clothes to it.I have narrow feet with a high arch, but these shoes fit great. They seem flexible enough to be accommodating for wide or narrow feet. They didn't pinch the tops of my feet like so many shoes do (because of my high arches), nor did my feet slide from side to side like they do with some other brands. I felt well-supported on my runs.Overall, these are a great mid-price-range shoe with some innovative features. On my first run, I began jogging, and felt so springy and energetic that I kept breaking out into short sprints! They were FUN to run in! And I've found myself reaching for these over my more expensive Nikes because of the comfort of the toe area.
B005901UOG Stylish, Runs Narrow I've always been a fan of Puma's for the contemporary styling.  Big bones run in my family (Scandinavian) and I've always found Puma's run a bit narrow for me but loosen up a bit over time.I gave my mother a pair of these Puma Pumagility shoes in a size9.  I checked back a month later and found that my opinion runs in the family - she loves the styling but finds them a bit narrow (she typically buys ASIC brand size9 and says they fit her perfectly).  She commented the stock insert did not provide as much support as she likes (personal preference) so she substituted with her own aftermarket insert.  Overall, she says she likes the shoes for out and about use but for athletics (walking/ running) she sticks to her ASIC's because they fit her slightly better.I would give these 5-stars if they fit your particular foot well, 4-stars if they are a bit narrow for your foot.
B005902WHA Beautiful shoes, too narrow These purple shoes are amazingly adorable, but if you have even slightly wide feet they will squish them.  Unfortunately, Puma doesn't make wide sizes. I loved these shoes and was terribly disappointed to have to return them.  If your feet are a little wide, I recommend Saucony's Jazz Lo Pros. A little bit more foot room width-wise.  Great for average sized feet, though.  Super comfy soles.
B005908V0M Super comfy and cute to boot These shoes are amazing.  They are wide in the forfoot area so might be a little roomy for a narrow footed person.  I mostly wear them to workout but they look good with a pair of jeans too.  I recently wore them to Disneyland, I was on my feet for 14 hours and at the end of the night (while the rest of my body was aching) my feet felt awesome!  I would absolutley recommend these shoes!
B005908V0M Didn't look that good on... I was super excited when I ordered these. They look really cute. I loved the colors of these shoes, and I have always loved Puma shoes, becuase they've always fit me really well and of course, looked good. But when I received these and put them on, they were extremely bulky. I hated the way that they looked on me. I don't have a wide foot by any means, but these made me look like my foot was really wide. I just couldn't stand the way they made my feet look, so I had to return them.
B00591BYFK A bit narrow, but well made. Appears well made and they are very light. unfortunately they ran just a bit narrow for me and I had to return them.
B00594MY06 nice colour shipping was fast,shoe is very comfy,narrow at the toes so be carefull ppl with wide feet,washed it once and colour does run,so be careful if u r weaing a white long jeans or in rain
B00595IT2W Good Looking Shoe This would have been a 5 star item if the toe area was a bit wider.I normally do not order wide, so please make note that this is a very narrow fit.I love the look.  I purchased these shoes for the gym, but they look very nice with jeans.I normally purchase size 8; However, after reading a couple of reviews I decided to ordered an 8.5... This was the correct size to order.
B00595JCIM Favorite around town shoe! I love these shoes!  As a stay at home Mom these are the shoes I wear almost every day!  I have small narrow feet with moderate arch and they are easily the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! I've had mine over a year and just ordered a back up pair for when mine wear out as my local store no longer carries this style.
B00595JOOY Four Stars Very narrow..
B00595JOOY Better than bare feet, I think I have had success with Puma, so I thought I'd try this one.  Not for athletics: more for style. These DO look nice: sleek and stylish.  But they are quite narrow - and my feet are not wide. The heels are narrow, and feel a little wobbly on the ground - NOT something I ever expected from a sneaker!  Also, the back part of the shoe digs into my Achilles tendon: not a lot, but enough to make me feel relief when I take them off.  So, looks good, doesn't feel great, and certainly doesn't wear like a sneaker.
B00595JOOY Very Nice Love these shoes.  I have a narrow (B width) foot and these fit like a glove.  They are also super comfortable to walk in.  I wish all of my shoes fit this well.  They look very sharp as well.
B00595JOOY sneaker don't fit This Puma men's Vedano leather fashion sneaker looks very nice, but I allways use 8D in shoes and this one  is good only in the long side  but very narrow  in the wide side. I think i will send it back.
B00595JOOY Great looking ,but too tight. Love the look, but the shoes are too narrow. Must return them asap.Do you carry wider shoes? and different colors.
B00595JOOY Puma equals Narrow After many attempts on trying to get a shoe that fits at all, I have given up.  These shoes must have been made on Pigmy Island or better yet, by the Lollypop Guild from....well, you know the show.  I don't consider my feet as being &#34;Platypus foot&#34; but a little wider shoe would be nice.  These shoes are so narrow that a bar of soap would not fit into them without touching the sides.  Oh well, if they want make'm in China, give'm back.  At least they can wear them.
B00595JOOY Much too small. Sort and narrow Be careful...  This shoe is very small short and narrow. I will return it. The leather seems OK and the stint itching is fine
B00595JOOY SNUG BUT STYLISH..... These shoes are a great &#34; casual dress&#34; shoe...they are very comfortable & soft but snug on my narrow foot...I think they will be okay once they're broken in...if you are wide footed these are not for you...
B00595JOOY A little narrow I love these shoes but they are a little narrow. I am giving this product 4 stars because I believe that after I have broken them in a while longer they will fit a little better. On a more positive note, these shoes are extremely stylish! I love the way they look and cannot wait to break them in more. I have a few other shoes from Puma that fit very well. So I am confident that they will conform to my foot a little better with time since they are made of leather.
B00595JOOY OK OK Very light, has a great look, constantly turns heads. Not suitable for all day walking. A bit narrow too, as is the case with all Pumas.
B00595JOOY Narrow My husband felt these shoes were a little narrow to accommodate socks...and I'm not a fan of people wearing shoes without socks.  They seem to be very well made, and are attractive.  I'd order a half size up in any future order.
B00595JOOY Great Look Too Narrow I bought it a half size larger than usual (11) and it's too narrow. Didn't ship it back, too much trouble at this price. Will gut it out with thin dress socks from time to time. Should have gotten a wider sneaker.
B00595JOOY Good looking but a few minor flaws. Bit narrow so wide feet may find them too tight. Bought half a size larger based on other reviews. Leather by the sole scuffs easily...
B00595JOOY Great shoes I love these shoes.  They're classy but understated...so they go with almost everything.They do run a bit small.  I bought two pairs of these so far...both are slightly narrow.  Not enough to be uncomfortable, but you do notice.
B00595JOOY Great shoe but very narrow One should buy a size larger as this shoe is very narrow. High quality leather and construction. Good show overall.
B00595JPXO Great shoes! Great shoes!! Get one size bigger,and if you have wide feet...dont even bother they are very narrow but very nice shoes if they fit.
B00595PMRM Same Puma Roma's I Love These are the same shoes I remember wearing when i was a teen. They do run narrow, so buy a half size larger than what you normally wear. It does take some time to break in the shoes. They are comfortable and very classic, the gum on the bottom sole makes this shoe stands out.
B00599E1GQ Great Looking shoe Love my pumas but these seemed a little narrow and they broke down fairly quickly. I would not buy them again.
B0059B6Q8A She's as fast as a puma in these! The product fits small, which we were aware of before we made our purchase, so the fit was just fine on my little girl. She has wide feet, and this shoe style is not geared to those with wide feet, so we bought her shoe a bit larger, which worked for her.
B0059BJF7E Beautiful shoes, REALLY narrow I really really loved these shoes when I first saw them. I read a review that recommended going a size down from what you're used to, so I got a 9 (I usually wear a 9.5). BIG mistake! If anything I should have gone up a size because these shoes are naaaarrrroooowwww! So, I sent the 9s back, got 10s...and, all in all, ended up paying about $80 for the shoes. But I was determined because I loved them so much. I don't regret getting them because I've gotten many compliments. Just be warned they are VERY narrow! The 10s ended up working out ok, although I have to say that 9.5s would have probably been long enough if they were a regular width.
B005CB59N0 Bought for son Got these for my son and they fit him great! Hard to find soccer shoes for him as he has a fat foot and most of them run narrow.
B005CBVO02 Narrow the shoe runs too narrow on the width. other than that the shoes are amazing, they feel great and are light. but its too tight. i am going to order 1/2 size higher the next time.
B005CK7W3Q Super cute My daughter loves them. The quality is nice, they are wide as well which my daughter has wide feet so there weren't too tight.
B005CK8YHO the lights lasted for obout a month Unfortunately, the light-ups stopped working after about a month. Otherwise, cute sneakers. Run true to size (a bit on the narrow side).
B005CKB0WA narrow...very narrow Love the look, but no way would this fit my son in any size. Unsure how any kid would fit into it, but my feet are big, so maybe my kids are unique. Cute shoe, bummed about fit.
B005CKB0WA NARROW, but darn good looking This is the third consecutive pair of PUMA Whirlwinds my now 5 year old wanted.  The first two pairs (sz 11-blue and 13-red/blue) fit great.  The 13.5 in this grey-black-red color are narrow.  A pair of nikes in the same size are visually much wide and provide a better fit.  The length is not the issue, just the width, so if your little man/girl has those adorably wide Fred Flintstone feet, you may want to size up or pick a different sneaker.
B005CKB0WA Toddler LOVES them. My almost three year old loves these and thinks they make him &#34;as fast as a puma&#34;. My only caution is they are a narrower shoe (not super narrow, but if your child has a very wide foot it could be snug). All in all happy with my purchase and will probably order the next size once he out grows the 8's.
B005CKB0WA Love these for my 2 year old. These are great shoes, my 2 year old has wide feet so I ordered them a little big on the safe side, he wears a 9 to 9.5 so I ordered a 10 he has plenty of room to grow and his little wide feet fit in there with plenty of space.
B005CKB0WA Cute and easy for toddlers to put on themselves Cute style and the design makes them easy for toddlers to put on themselves.  Great shoe for kids with narrow feet.
B005CKB0WA Cool but run small They're a bit more narrow that I thought... My son has wide feet so they're already snug and he probably won't be able to wear them for long.  They look good though, love the color
B005CKB0WA Nice shoes The shoes look very nice; however, they are too small and narrow for my son. I will not return them but give them to friends kid instead.
B005CKB0WA Pretty but really narrow It's really pretty but crazily narrow.cos it was so pretty I ordered a size13 despite my kid fitting a c10/11 in crocs.the size 13 wld fit but there is too much room in the big toe(since it's 2 sizes larger)but just nice in the little toes Area.so it makes my kid look like she's wearing oversized clown shoes..recommend to purchase only if u're sure ur kid has super narrow feet
B005CKDW76 Darling shoes, but hard to get on the first time! Darling shoes for the price, but we found them to run a little narrow. They were very difficult to put on because they don't have actual laces to untie. I have bought similar shoes in this style before and never had this problem. We decided to order the next size up, but they were way too big in the length, so we kept the smaller size. Once we were able to get them on my son's feet for the first time, the elastic laces seemed to loosen up. Now he has no problem putting them on as long as he wears thinner socks.
B005COWQH4 Perfect for Narrow feet This shoe fits my daughter perfectly.  I only wish it could take a little more wear and tear from an 8 year old but the fit is great.
B005CPLYR6 Narrow 1-cost too much, but my son loved them due to them being his favorite color and the named after his cat 'Puma'2-didn't fit my son's wide feet, very narrow3-return shipping cost too muchWish a few sizes higher had been available, might have worked out.
B005CQAKGG Loved them, but they weren't true to size I ordered these cleats in a 4M for my daughter. We loved their look, but even though I ordered them a whole size bigger than her current cleats because I know Pumas run narrow but she could barely get her foot in - they were way too narrow and too short. They did fit my son who wears two sizes smaller than this shoe's marked size and they felt great to him - he wanted to keep them, but thought the peach color was too girly (he REALLY wanted to keep them though and thought about covering all the peach color with black sharpie!)Too bad I have to send them back - I really wish they would have fit her as Turf shoe style cleats can be hard to find in the store.
B005CVWYPG Returned because very narrow Our two year old has wider feet and while these were really cute shoes they did not fit even when ordered in the correct size.
B005CVWYPG Another perfect pair of Pumas Pumas always fit my daughter's narrow feet well, these are no exception. Will be buying again as she continues to grow.
B005DTLFG6 pumas run narrow, but... this shoe fits better than other puma styles I tried. love it so I bought a white pair as well!They seem abit wider in cut, hence fit my foot betternice shoes, great looking...so you should say I love em!
B005DTQRZA nice and stylish they look really nice but take a while to wear in, the toe is narrow so might be uncomfortable for ppl with wide soles, i reccomend buying half a size larger.
B005DTS9SS If you're a puma fan you'll love them. Definitely for the narrow footed (as most pumas are), I was looking for the "finger toe" shoes and stumbled across these. They are very well made and the Velcro is done nicely, I believe these will hold up to be a virtuous pair.
B005DTS9SS Very Stylish but a little narrow My husband loves them for their styling and says they are comfortable. The shoe goes to a point and I think too close to the toes. I would say if you have a wide foot to be wary, but he insists they are comfortable.
B005FWV85O Narrow Run a little big.....narrow and no support. Cute shoe but not good for long periods of time on your feet.
B005FWVKU2 Not worth the price This shoe is uncomfortable!It has odd proportions--narrow in the toe box and wide in the heel. I don't any people who have those kind of foot proportions.It is also not very well cushioned for a person who works on their feet.I have gone to great lengths to make it wearable: i.e. inserting an extra padded insole and heel liners.This has helped, but the shoe is still not comfortable.Also by reducing the height of the shoes with my new insole, I have stressed the netted fabric, so that it now exhibits some folds.I don't feel right about returning the shoes after all my manipulations, but I might be able to save someone else from an expensive mistake.I gave this product 1 star because of it's appearance: The shoes are refined and attractive looking.If they would have cost less than $20 I might feel less resentful about my purchase.
B005HEJK3W pretty good I thought this was a wide fit, but it fits average, I feel more comfortable in wide, towards the 16th hole my feet start hurting, would I buy them again, yes, they look great and everyone comments on them
B005HEJK3W Runs too narrow. They *look* great, but the &#34;wide&#34; size was way too narrow. If you order them, get a wider size than you normally wear.
B005HEN3GW A little narrow at the toe, but very nice overall Took these out on the course for the first time and I'm pleased with the shoe overall. I wear an 11 wide, and they seemed true to size. They are a little narrow at the toe, but still comfortable. They do tend to squeak, which provided some laughs on the green, hopefully the sound dissipates as the shoes wear in. The soft spikes take a little getting used to if you haven't had a golf shoe with them before, but the grip is excellent. Be careful on a rainy day if you happen to find some wet sand or mud, as they clod fairly easily. Overall a good purchase, hope they hold up.
B005HENR7C A little tight... Nice shoes.  Only issue is for a wide width they are still a little tight.  I'm hoping a few rounds will loosen them up.  I also bought a pair of Nikes and a pair of Oakleys also in 8 wide and the Pumas are noticeably smaller just from looking at them.  You may want to consider a half size larger and if your foot is really wide Pumas may not be for you.
B005HEP57C Good shoes, a little wide These are great golf shoes, extremely comfortable. However, they are a little wide. I would order a half size down if you have narrow feet.
B005HEPKLS Puma running shoes Another excellent product from Puma. They grip the ground great; no slipping. They are just a bit narrow and snug. I tore up my heels breaking them in.
B005HEPXDI Nice shoes but not for wide foot They are nice but not very comfortable as my son finds them bit tight given he has wide foot.....Otherwise they are okay
B005I36VEI Perfect Very well made and the shoes are perfect for someone with a small, somewhat narrow foot. She is a waitress and on her feet for hours on end. Her feet felt great!  I would buy another pair.
B005LCD60I The sole is surprising smaller than pictures make it appear I have really big feet so I need a nice wide shoe which this should have been.  When I got it my foot fit snuggly which I liked but I found that while the fabric was wider, the sole seems to have been made for a small.  Both sides of my foot went over the sides of it.  I figured maybe I just needed to get used to these since they were my first pair of running shoes but it only got worse.  After a week both sides of my foot were hitting the ground.  I just gave them to a friend of mine who had much narrower feet.
B005LCD60I Look great These shoes look awesome the color combos are good too.The shoe is narrow so if you have wide feet beware.I love to drive and these shoes are great for fast pedal action. (Heel-Toe)Comfortable for casual wear, I'm not sure I would run in these however. The ankle support is kinda weak.
B005MA049U Need to break in I haven't used these yet, but first impression was they were more grey in color than I was expecting. I also found them a little tight through the widest part of my foot (ball of my foot) and I have relatively narrow feet. These will definitely need to be broken in, but my guess is once I get them comfortable they'll work just fine.
B005OKFCTU Fan of puma's or not? Puma shoes run crazy narrow, and with this shoe it follows the same path..I feel you don't have good heal support due to how narrow the shoe is.This shoe looks different, which I like the look...Lost 2 starts to the fact that this shoe isn't something I'd wanna have on my feet more than 30 minutes.
B005OMEM2Q Great shoe, but definitely not D width. These are great looking shoes, but I had to give them 4 instead of 5 stars because their width rating is off.I wear mens shoe size 14AAA (super long, super narrow), and supposedly these shoes are D width, but they are far more narrow than any B width shoe I have worn.This is the first time in my life that I have tried on a shoe that is too narrow for my feet.Sadly I am returning these shoes and ordering something else :(
B005OS7VPA love these! These shoes are super cute!  Can't wait to wear them on my vacation to Vegas. The only problem i found was that after reading some reviews i ordered them in a 9 1/2 thinking  they would be "too narrow" for my size 9, slightly wide foot. Not the case...the 91/2 slipped right off the back of my foot. Hopefully the size 9 works out
B005OT1UI8 LOVE these shoes! This is my second pair of Puma Faas Femme Shoes. They fit a perfect size 8, while being slightly narrow, but not tight. I have even machine washed these with success (although, I wouldn't use the dryer). Your feet do not get sweaty (or stinky) in these shoes. I wear them almost daily - shorts, pants, casual skirts - they're great!
B005OT1UI8 Weird fit These shoes are super cute, it's too bad they have to be returned.  Purchased in my usual size for my narrow side of medium feet.  They won't stay on!  Tried various liners to make them work but something is just &#34;off&#34; about them.  They fit fine when standing still, but no good for speed walking.  I think the opening is just too large compared to the side height or something.  Then again, perhaps my feet are just too skinny.  They don't seem to be/look wide however.
B005OT8608 Run narrow..hurt my foot After wearing these a while I developed pain in my foot.They run narrow. IF your feet run wide don't bother
B005OTA9R6 aerobic shoes I rated these shoes high, because I wish they had worked for me.  I have an extremely narrow foot and thought maybe I could make a medium width work, but not this time.
B005OTA9R6 Runs VERY Narrow I bought this for Zumba, and had to return them.  It is the first pair of shoes I've ever had (& I have had A LOT of shoes) than ran too narrow.  They were so narrow that I felt like I was teetering on a narrow ledge in them.  Disappointing.
B005OTA9R6 PUMA Women's Janine Dance Fashion Sneaker, The shoes did not fit properly, After lacing up they gapped on one side, I have a wide foot and these are quite narrow so i returned them
B005OTA9R6 Love it The color is nice and its super comfy, I can wear this all day. The only thing I should have done was get half a size larger even though I have narrow feet.
B005OTA9R6 Puma  dance shoes **** Gr8 value  dance shoe  Lovely fit ( as I have narrow feet ) I an a size 6 ,I brought 6.5 . post quick and easy service .
B005OTA9R6 nice if you have a narrow foot These shoes are really light and cute and I thought I might be able to wear them but they are way too narrow and they don't make them in wide.  Too bad!!  Had to send them back.
B005OTA9R6 Love the Shoes Really pleased with these shoes.  Got many compliments the first day I wore them. I will warn buyers that they are pretty narrow, and probably not comfortable for wider feet.
B005R506IO Great for cheerleading These shoes seem to fit my daughters narrow feet quite nice. They have good arch support and are well padded.
B005XXH8PO Velcro too Short I purchased these shoes because of their fit. They are quite narrow, which fit perfectly for my daughter's extremely narrow feet. I went through 20 pairs of different brand of sneakers before finding these for my daughter. Her feet are extremely narrow and it is quite difficult to find shoes so these were perfect in terms of narrow fit. The biggest problem is the velcro. The velcro is WAY TOO SHORT. After the first week, the velcro stopped holding on to the other side and keeps on opening. It makes it quite difficult for my 7-year old to walk when she has to stop and close the strap every few steps. I was so excited when I thought I found the perfect shoe but this show is far from perfect.
B005ZFCUIA perfect fit great shoes for a great price. They look great and fit great. I usually wear 7.5 to 8 and I bought the 7.5 size. My feet are pretty average, not too wide or too narrow.
B005ZFCUIA Great looking shoes yet a bit narrow These are great looking shoes and comfortable yet my wife found them to be a bit narrow. we will give it a couple of days to see if it loosens. Recommended.
B005ZFCUIA Love these shoes Love these shoes. The only tennis show i will buy is Puma. I have narrow feet and these are great for me.
B005ZFCUIA buy these now Awesome shoes, fit great, look great. Exactly what I wanted. Definitely not too narrow as others have stated. My favorite pair of work out shoes. I wear 7.5 ordered 7.5 and they're perfect.
B005ZFCUIA Cute but won't fit wide feet. Very cute shoes. True to size but not for people with wide feet like mine. Return information wasn't readily available.
B005ZFCUIA Most GORGEOUS! DRAT!  These are made for narrow feet. They are narrow everywhere; not just toe box...I am SO disappointed because they are absolutely gorgeous looking....since I had ordered another Puma brand in a 9; and they were too long; saw these and much prettier. But; the 8.5 is very narrow throughout the entire shoe. And I have very skinny feet and heels..AAA; so I really believe these to be narrow. Didn't want to try the 9 because I figured they would just be longer; and not any wider. So disappointed. If you have thin feet; and a thin toe box; these would probably be ok for you. Recommend for sheer LOOKS!
B005ZFCUIA This item runs small. I loved the way they looked. The left shoe had a airsole flaw, so I sent them back. Get them a SIZE bigger, and you'll be fine, this is more for a narrow foot.
B005ZFCUIA Three Stars Loved the look of the shoe. To narrow for my foot
B005ZFCUIA They are nice, even a little narrow... I normally wear 7 but I bought 7.5 as I read the other reviews. They are a little narrow but they are not too bad. I think they will expand as I wear them offend. I would recommend these shoes. They look nice and not too big or thick. The color is bright. I bought the pink one.
B005ZFCUIA Very comfortable. I usually wear an 8.5 and saw all the other reviews saying this shoe run small. So I ordered the size 9 and it fits perfectly. I have narrow feet and these shoes are so comfortable. Love them!
B005ZFCUIA Cute, durable and comfy I have very narrow feet so these are a perfect fit for me.  They stood up to a volcano hike in Costa Rica and still look great!
B005ZFCUIA Black is Back! First of all, these shoes fit and feel great! The ortho fit padded insoles are divine. I wear an 8 and that's what I purchases. This shoe isn't as narrow as some state. My foot isn't wide, I wear Medium width and it doesn't pinch, squash or rub any toes. I love how delicate the peach and yellow highlights against the black. Ladies, I don't run marathons neither do I run daily. I wore them all day out and about and honey, they worked for me!
B006H1NNPU Hard sole, narrow and tough at the heel My son put one one, would not even try the other one. Sent it right back.Hard sole, narrow and tough at the heel
B006J7WSEY Great exchange experience!!!!! I think they are a little narrow. The 4 was perfect great shoe for a great price and great return service!!
B006J7WSEY Great! They are a little small, so we ordered a size up.  My son said they are a little narrow, but we loosened them way up and he said they are much better.  He LOVES the looks and has had nothing but good to say about them.
B006J7WSEY Not true to size My daughter wears a girls shoe size one and I bought these shoes originally as a size one but they were way to small.  I then tried the 1.5 and again those were to small.  My daughter does have a slight wide foot so these shoes are definitely for a narrow foot.
B006J7WSEY Too narrow Nice looking shoe.  Tight fit for wide feet.  I would not buy this brand.  My daughter got blisters wearing it.
B006J7WSEY Too Cute!! I ordered these cleats for my 5yr old to play t- ball this summer and she absolutely loves them! They are for a narrow foot so I would suggest ordering a size bigger if your child does not have a narrow foot. She says they are very comfortable and make her run fast! Lol! Cute, stylish, and affordable!
B006J7WSEY Easy to see! Color is great. Fit is right on regarding size - they are a narrow shoe though. No complaints from the young person wearing them. Decent little shoes!
B006J7WSEY Way Too small Bought this shoe and it is narrow and way too small for my child's feet.  If your child has skinny feet then maybe and just maybe these will stay on.  Otherwise pass, my suggestion is to pass this shoe up or get  size two times bigger.
B006JCUBK2 I defy you to put these on a toddler's foot. Gorgeous little boots, good quality, right size. But try stuffing a toddler's resistant, thick, curled-toe little feet through the narrow L-shaped entrance to these boots. The cuffs do not stretch, unbutton or unzip. I bought a size too large but my 16-month-old screamed and squirmed so intensely we never got her foot inside.
B006JCUBK2 Cute boots..but The boots are so adorable! I love the colors the pink is so bright but not so bright that it looks gawdy. They fit true to size..the only down side is that they are narrow as all hell. I even put the thinest socks I had on my daughter and tried to put her foot in...I say if you have atleast a good 10 minutes (a foot) to put these puppies on then this is the shoe for you. Thats too much work for a 2 year old to sit through just for a few compliments on a shoe. It would be an awesome boot if they velcroed or even zipped up the side.All in all..True to size (once you squeeze their poor little feet in them).Too narrow.Too right.Great traction and tread on the sole of the shoes.Stretch out shoe for a week before actually wearing.
B006JCUBK2 Cute, but very narrow Very cute,good quality, but I am sending it back. Too narrow , upper part doesn't stretch much . We tried to put them on with the socks and without socks, not a very pleasant experience for my baby
B006L2WF2M Width As with most Puma shoes, it was a little narrow.although the shoe's feel, weight, appearance was as expected. Great.
B006OEY2NC a welcome relief for sore feet By far and away the most comfortable shoe that I own ON or OFF the course.A great investment for sore feet.  I have a wide foot with a high arch.Plenty of room in the toe box area with out sliding around.  I had room to addmy own inserts.
B006OEY2NC Nice Shoe Returned Liked the shoe, but it did not fit well.  This 2E seemed a little narrow, as 2E has worked on other shoes.
B006OEY2NC Exactly What I Wanted Happy to get exactly what I wanted. I have narrow feet and they fit great! Very happy with the purchase.
B006OEY2NC Cannot really review as I returned them Returned the product, they were a bit narrow so it would be impossible for me to review how they performed.
B006OEY2NC Comfortable shoe Walked nine holes with great comfort, no break-in time, no issues, right out of the box.  I have an average width foot with a slightly narrow heel, and Puma shoes fit me well.
B006OEY2NC Way too narrow! The box said 2E width but the shoes fit like a standard D width. Long enough but way too narrow.
B006OEY2NC ready to play the size of the shoes is right but run narrow. the shoe is soft and comfort, easy on the feet. johnny l.
B006OEY2NC OMG! They're like wearing running shoes! I bought these originally solely on price but amazed at how comfortable they fit. I was concerned about the width (I have a wide foot) but they are naturally designed wide.  I've played 2 rounds so far and they hold up great & no issues with traction.
B006OEY2NC A Really Great Shoe!  You go Ed Sullivan!! I bought these as I have wide feet and a lot of foot and ankle issues due to a foot drop.  Lots of instability in the right ankle.  A bad deal for a RH golfer.  These shoes give me comfort and support.  Most importantly they done slip.  As good as spikes in my book.  The fit was spot on for my regular size.  I took them out of the box,  laced them up, went out golfing, and never looked back.  I think you will like them especially those with wide feet.
B006OEY2NC Definitely not "wide" Quality and overall appearance are very good.  Usually 9.5 wide fits like a glove but in these shoes the 2E seemed to be a narrow fit instead of a wide.  Can barely move in them... If your feet are wide, keep shopping!
B006OEY2NC NARROW FOR MY FOOT When I received the shoes and tried them on, the shoes were too narrow. Should have ordered &#34;W&#34; but out of stock at the time.sold shoes to a friend instead of returning. He loves them. Wore out a white and black pair, now wearing and shoe in black and orange. Size problem probably in the last the shoe was made on.
B006OFK01E runs very tight I ordered a half size larger than my regular shoe.  The length was good but these shoes run very narrow.  I couldn't keep them
B006OG0FA4 a little narrow I really like the shoe. They run a bit narrower than a normal shoe, but that works for me as i have a narrow foot! They look super cute on the golf course, and for the price, you can't beat them!
B006OG0FA4 Puma golf shoe These shoes are cute and stylish first and foremost. They do run on the narrow side, albeit I didn't want to send them back. I'm hoping they stretch out. Very comfy otherwise.
B006QOI4L6 Too narrow I think these were better looking online. Sometimes shopping online is a gamble and I lost with these. They are really narrow and hurt my feet. I never wear them. If I had only thought to return them before my time to return was up.
B006QOIEY8 best sneakers ever They run a half size small. Im an 8.5 but got the 9 thank god because they are snug at a 9. these are not wide sneakers at all if you have wide feet dont get pumas. these are the best shoes so wear at the gym to do running or just basic training.
B006QOIEY8 Too Narrow These shoes are very narrow, therefore I will be returning them. I love puma shoes and it's mainly what I own, but these ones in particular are not comfortable, and I even ordered them a size too big.
B006QOIQ4Q Too Narrow Great styling, I got the pumas because they tend to run a little more narrow for my 19 yo's narrow feet.  He's had puma's before and I thought he'd love these - nope.  they were too too narrow!  Sent them back
B006QOIQ4Q I'm Impressed For the first time in 36 years I have bought a pair of Pumas (I usually only buy Nike sports shoes).  I really liked the design of these and thought I would give them a try.  From the moment I put them on, they were extremely comfortable.  The tongue is connected to the shoe so it doesn't move all around, the outside is cut a little lower to fit the bone on the side of your ankle, and as a guy with crazy flat feet they have really nice support.The only two downsides so far 1.) they are cut really low (lower than my Nike) so doing plyometrics is a bit tough as it feels like the shoe is about to slip off in the back.  But for running it's great.  2.) as some others have said, this shoe is narrow.....very narrow but not to the point of being too uncomfortable unless you have really wide feet I suppose.All in all, I will most likely buy another pair of Puma's when the time comes.
B006QOJ3HK nice shoes I love the Puma brand & these shoes fit really well. my feet are a little narrow but these work out very well.
B006QOJ5E6 5 star kicks! Love this retro style shoe as much now as I did back in the day. Be aware this pair of shoes runs pretty narrow, so if you have a wide foot, be sure to order a half size larger to compensate. Very stylish shoe that gets a lot of praise.
B006QOJ8PM Great look The shoe looks great.  The design is interesting and goes well with all my clothes.  The only complaint I have is that this brand runs very narrow for width.
B006QOJ8PM CONSIDER FOOT WIDTH WHEN PURCHASING. I got this for my boyfriend. Based on the reviews I bought a 9.5. He usually wears 9 but he has narrow feet. The width of your feet should be considered when purchasing pumas, if you have medium to wide width feet, go up a size. The 9.5 fit my boyfriend great, he loves them...i love them too!
B006QOJ8PM Sharp looking shoes - A little tight on my wide feet I run pretty wide on shoes. I'm used to a little tightness towards the front of my foot, and these shoes were no different. It's not to an uncomfortable level, but I notice it. I like the way they look though and for the Gold Box deal, I couldn't turn it down.
B006QOJ8PM Great looking shoes These shoes look great. I mainly got them so I could have some shoes that looked nice to go to bars in. There purpose is just for walking. Comfort I would give these a 3 out of 5,but they are light weight and a little on the narrow side. Looks I would give 5 out of 5.
B006QOJ8PM nice looking shoe, very narrow Loved the shoe, ordered a half size up and it was still to small. Puma's are always narrow, so that didn't shock me. I needed a full size larger.
B006QOJ8PM Good product,fits as expected,just a bit narrow by the toes. Always liked puma products...so this purchase was not an exception. Its nice looking,fit ok and hope the material is also durable.
B006QOJ8PM Ok, but very narrow it seems I don't have wide feet, but I had some toe pain after wearing these. The front appears to be too narrow.
B006QOJ8PM A little snug The length is fine but the shoe is so narrow that it feels too small.  They are ok for the price I paid, but if I paid regular price I would have sent them back.  Usually Puma's fit me very well but these are just different.
B006QOJ8PM make adjustments for size I ordered these shoes because I liked the look of them and they were listed at an excellent price.I have had some experience with Puma shoes in the past.  As such, I knew to order one size up from my normal size 12.  When I tried them on, I found that they were much too narrow for my foot.  I will admit that my foot is slightly wider than a true D width, but not so wide as to justify a EE.  However, most shoes (especially athletic shoes) have enough flexibility to allow for my extra width without any discomfort.  Not so with these.My advice is to understand that Pumas run small (and narrow).  If you can make these adjustments and find a well-fitting shoe, these appear to be an attractive purchase.
B006QOJ8PM A ltiile too snug The shoes look great and seem like a great shoe. But there actually quite a bit smaller than I expected, very narrow my feet feel like thee getting squesed when I weir them
B006QOJ8PM Narrow narrow narrow A little short but really narrow.It's hard to give a rating on a shoe that doesn't fit. So that's it.
B006QOJ8PM The length is good but they are narrow. They are narrower than what I am use to.  I typically buy Nike or Adidas and I have never had a width problem.  I have walked...sorry I am not a runner...about 5 miles in them over the last week and I have not had a problem other than the width.
B006QOJ8PM very narrow toe good shoe so far but the toe is very narrow, so it is taking some time to stretch it out.
B006QOJ8PM Nice Shoe but Sizing is a Concern I went an entire size up because Pumas run small, but they are also very narrow. If you have a normal to wide foot then I would not get Puma. If you have a narrow foot you're in luck because Pumas are a nice shoe and I wish I could wear them but my foot is just not comfortable in them. Regardless, get a full size bigger than normal. The shoe is nice, and hopefully will last.
B006QOJ8PM Narrow I've never had to purchase wide shoes and out of the box these are a little narrow for me. The length is perfect so I will keep them and I do believe the sides will stretch.
B006QOJ8PM Very narrow, not enough support at front As other reviewers have said, the shoe is pretty narrow. Some persons recommended ordering 1-size up. I wear US 11.5 and ordered a size 12 and it fits in terms of width however it is now an inch too long in the front. So if you are buying this, least go a half-size up. If you have wide feet (like me), try another shoes.For cross training shoes, there is little support at the front of the shoe. I have a normal heel strike with overpronation. I'm going to have to make sure that any shoes I get has enough support in the front. I'll give it a week to break in. If it doesn't feel better, i'm just going to wear it for other things other than gym.
B006QOJ8PM running shoes good shoes, good value for money. Sit comfortably on foot, lightweight, practical. Size coincided, completeness was a little too narrow, but when walking became just right
B006QOJ8PM Excellent running shoe Picked these up after deciding to not listen to a few reviews concerning the narrowness of the sole of the shoe.  I wear a size 12EE in a fitted boot which means I have a fairly wide foot.  Decided to bump up to a 13 figuring that they would be a little bit wider than a size 12.  Got lucky and they fit extremely well without pinching or squeezing the sides of my foot.  I've been using them to run on a treadmill (usually around three mile stints) and they seem to have adequate traction as well as breath ability.Would definitely buy them again if I was shopping for another pair of running shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Narrow, but well fabricated. Just a wee bit too narrow for my foot.Good construction and styling appropriate to everyday use. Thought they would be a little wider.
B006QOJ8PM size up Great shoes, love them actually, but they do run small and a little narrow. Size up if you are gonna buy.
B006QOJ8PM Love Puma for a narrow foot Depending on Puma style ordered they can be narrow. However, due to the construction of this particular shoe a little wider foot should be fine. My husband loves these. He switches between this one and Clyde. He wears a size 14 so it is fairly impossible in our small town to find his size in a style he likes. Fit was true to size with about the thumb width in the toe box. He wears his an an everyday shoe so I can't speak to it's comfort as a runner. He states that the arch hits in the correct place and has very good cushion all around including the heel strike.
B006QOJ8PM They look great. They are a tab bit too small for my overpronated feet (flat feet). On my first few runs I've been getting a blister on my right foot right under the big toe.  Now I'm not sure if I should get a half size larger or if my right foot is just wider than my left.  I'll just see if i can break the shoes in longer before I can give the shoes a 5 star rating.  But other than that they look amazing and feel great in all other areas.
B006QOJ8PM Very light and comfortable shoes! Pros:The shoe itself is very light compared to what I had imagined.My feet does not feel hot or stuffy when I wear these shoes.The size I ordered was accurateCon:My feet are kinda wide and the shoe opening kinda bends in a weird way when I walk, as if It will break open due to my wide feed. Maybe I just need some more time with it though I don't see how that will make it stop bending weirdlyStill for the price I paid I'm very satisfied with it
B006QOJ91U Good looking shoe but a narrow fit. Narrow fitting although it is the usual shoe size I wear. Will purchase a 9 1/2 next time. Not a big deal and I am enjoying the shoes.
B006QOJDAW Blisters after only a few minutes I wore these for a few minutes in my house to try them out and got blisters and red marks after only a few minutes.I have fairly narrow feet and the top part dug into my foot.  If I had ordered a size up the top part may have been better, but the backs would have slipped off.
B006QOJSXE Diva Ballerina Fashion "sneaker" Toe box too hard. not flexible enough.  This shoe will take some breaking in and may never really be good because it is too tight on the toes and not snug enough along the instep and heel.  Wish these shoes were softer and came in a narrow.
B006QOK6TY Good fit I purchased these shoes anticipating them to be narrow fitting as most Pumas in this style are.  The fit is great for me.  I do not recommend them for anyone with wide feet or chubby toes.  I would have given five stars but in the front some stitching came loose where the toes bend and a hole developed quickly.  I purchased some shoe glue and put a drop in there, now there are fine.  The shoes being made from some suede like material seem to not like being sewn to some other fuzzy material.  For the price, I couldn't complain.  I get a lot of compliments on the cool colors.  I can work out in these shoes, run in these shoes or just wear them out on casual days.
B006QOK6TY I love the shoes! I love the shoes and its very nice for zumba.Would have been 5 stars, its just that it runs narrow. I am an M (not wide) but this feel like by feet is being squeezed. If you loosen the laces to widen it up, the shoelace is not too long it will not be enough to do your dog-ear tie.
B006QOK6TY Too narrow I am a Zumba instructor and I wore them to one of my classes and the shoe ripped down the laces.
B006QOK6TY Comfortable and cute Great casual sneaker.  Colors are nice.  The puma stripes are actually metallic silver, nice against the grey suede.  This shoe does run a little narrow and long, by only a 1/2 size for me.  Love wearing these with jeans or yoga pants.
B006QOK6TY Snug and true This style is for someone with narrow feet so they fit me wonderfully! Also, I was able to loosen the laces so I can effortlessly pull them on and off. And they are stylish to boot!
B006QOK96Y really wanted to keep these I received my shoes and immediately tried them on.  I don't have super wide feet but these were just a bit too narrow.  Loved the look and the style so I really wanted to keep these.  The length was perfect but with socks on they just wouldn't work for me.
B006QOKESC Utterly disappointed They are nice looking pair of shoes..That's where it ends. Wrong sizing and very narrow in the middle. Will definitely NOT recommend this to anyone
B006QOKESC VERY NICE SHOE but........ The shoes are very nice but narrow and undersized.  If you order get 1 or 2 sizes biggger than what you actually wear.
B006QOL57G Exactly what I wanted I purchased these shoes to replace my old worn out pumas. The price was awesome and they look fabulous. They run a little narrow but if they're like my last pair they'll stretch a little with wear.
B006QP1V9W Great fit, Excellent Construction, Very Supportive & Comfortable I received these yesterday and they're even better in person!I'm always nervous about buying shoes or clothing online, because you never know for sure if they will fit well. I usually get size 9 1/2 but these 10s fit perfectly, with just a little extra wiggle room in the toe area, which I prefer. The do seem to run a bit on the small side and are very narrow, so I wouldn't recommend this style for those with wide feet. Regular or narrow width feet should fit into them very easily though.I'm impressed with the overall quality of the construction. The seams and materials look like they will hold up for a long time, and are of far better quality than a similar pair I bought a few years ago by Tiger. The soles have what feels like a thin layer of memory foam padding, and are extremely comfortable. I ordered new arch support insoles because my arches are very high, but most people probably won't need any extra padding. The ankle support is great, with the adjustable buckles and extra height of the shoe.I'm really glad I bought these shoes. As someone who spends a lot of time on their feet, both at work and walking around Seattle in the rain, I think these will last a long time and stand up well to the elements. They're the perfect hybrid of hi-top sneaker & lightweight boots. I might swap out the black laces for blue or purple, but other than that I'll give these a perfect 10.
B006QPLVA6 Shoes run too narrow & short These shoes run much narrower than other Puma boots, and they also run fairly short. I normally wear a size 11D, but brought a size 13 which was too narrow and too short.
B006QQ0WYG Awesome Great style.a little bit narrow than my other snickers,comfortable comfy fit!Light, easy to clean, very good quality!My fav snicks!!
B006QQ0Y7G Most Elegant These fashion sneakers are, well, for the looks. They are not for practicing sports, in my opinion, as their soles would be too hard for running, but maybe one could use them in the gym; not me, however; I wouldn't want to ruin them there.The design is most elegant with quality material. One caveat is that the design is narrow (as evident from the sizing) so make sure to get a half or even one size bigger, especially if you have wide feet.
B006QQ11IM PUMA Men's El Ace 2 Mid PN Fashion Sneaker,Dark Shadow/Gray/Red,11.5 D US I ordered this a half a size larger than my size but the shoe's where to narrow for me. It's a shame because I really like them. Keep this in mind if you think you have wide feet these shoes might not fit correctly.
B006QQ11IM Pretty Good Shoes are okay. Takes a while to put on though since the opening is pretty narrow. Laces are waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too long and there should be more eyelets.
B006QQ14NY love them My husband has 7 pair of Puma shoes, he loves them. He loves this pair too but the size is larger than the rest. He takes a 11.5 so he Like all Puma shoes they are very narrow. He has a wide foot but buys them anyway and they always seem to stretch out for him. Enjoy!
B006QQ14NY Outstanding Sneakers Great Sneaker , very attractive hard to find this model , they are so nice you don't even wear them. I would advise getting size larger than you normally where , also keep in mind that this is drivers shoe , so they are some what narrow. A must have sneaker for any puma fan.
B006QQ18MQ too narrow Nice looking sneaker but was too narrow - closure did not reach across top of foot
B006QQ1B3W Good shoe just too narrow I cant complain about the quality of the shoes they are  just too narrow for my feet I was hoping they would work out because i liked the style of them oh well 3 stars, amazon did a great job as always tho
B006QQ1B3W Nice shoes, but... They run narrow and a 1/2 size small. I wear pumas almost exclusively so I am puzzled by the change in their sizing standards. Good looking sneakers though.
B006QQ1B3W Stylish but narrow I love the look of these sneakers. However, they were way too narrow for my feet. My feet are wider than normal, but not excessively wide. I've owned pairs of Puma and Adidas in the past.I did find a pair of the Drift Cat 3 at a local outlet mall, and, strangely, those fit. The shoes are extremely comfortable. They have decent arch support and a solid heel cup that keeps my foot in place.In my opinion the 4s look better than the 3s. The 3s have laces that are offset on a diagonal, while the 4s go right up the middle like normal. Also, I like how the padding around the ankle on the 4s is a different color from the suede; that padding is dark brown on the 3s. The 3s have a big white stitched outline of a Puma on the inward side; the 4s have a more subdued design placed further back on the foot.If you have narrow feet, I would definitely recommend the Drift Cat 4. If you have wider feet, try to track down the old model, which you should be able to get at a discount while they are still available.
B006QQ1C5E Only for the narrow footed. It is a nice shoe. I purchased it because they have a matching one for children and I got it for both myself and my daughter. Well, it does not fit me at all. If you have a very narrow foot, this sneaker would be nice. However, if you have a little meat on your feet, do not buy this shoe!
B006QQ1C5E upsize for an okay fit These shoes are really narrow.  The only reason I can wear them is that I ordered a full size up.
B006QQ1DUI Needed a bigger pair My lesson learned is when ordering shoes even though a 9 fits great I need to order a 10 to allow the room needed. I love the shoes but for my foot its very narrow so it fits more snug than I would like.
B006QQ1HZ4 Great looking shoe Looks good but don't plan any long walks in them as they are pretty narrow and provide little support.  I bought 1/2 size up from usual but might have been a better idea to go a full size up
B006QQ1NXU You Get What You Pay For I purchased these because of a recommendation on an automotive forum as a driving shoe.  I was pleasantly surprised at the low price.  The reviews said that they run narrow so I ordered a half size larger than my normal size to compensate.  Even with the larger size, they are extremely narrow.  I wouldn't recommend this shoe unless you wear a narrow size.  The low price is attributable to the shoe being made totally of man-made materials which are, in my opinion, less comfortable than natural leather.  They look cool and work OK as a driving shoe, but I wish that I'd spent more for a better pair.
B006QQ1NXU Very Narrow The goods:1. Stylish2. Very light3. Looks well made (we'll see how durable it is in the long run)The bads:1. Very narrow, thus unfit for people with wide feet. My feet is normal it hurts a little when I wear it for 3-4 hours. We'll see what happens after I break them in a bit more.2. Not leather. Leather usually lasts longer based on my past experiences.
B006QQI3ZQ Loving this look These are a great pair of casual shoes for the price. While I have noted Puma's width is narrow, the overall look and feel is great.
B006QQI3ZQ Was a returned item, but everything was to specifications! Puma's are just more narrow than I could handle, I've had pairs in the past that were wider, however this particular pair was to narrow for my feet.  Would have kept them because they look awesome, if only they weren't so narrow!
B006QQI76Q quality shoes I like it. The color and the design are both good! I ordered my size but the shoes were too narrow for my wide feet! Puma does not carry 2E size for this...so I returned it!
B006QQI76Q Both pairs mis-sized Neiother pair of this shoe fit as marked and are unwearable but impossible to return.Will not be looking at Puma on-line. I have a pretty standard men's size 10m or women's 12m and thismen's shoe was too short and way too narrow.Waste of time and money.Thanks
B006QQI76Q Narrow My husband only wears this style puma.  They are a very nice style and seem like a quality shoe but he said they are very narrow compared to his other Pumas.
B006QQI76Q Nice styling, runs small and narrow These were the tightest shoes in my size I 'd ever put my foot into! I honestly thought that they were the wrong size...more like a whole size too small. But they were my size...so keep that in mind. Also the sole shape is narrow and pointy so this is definitely not a shoe for wide feet. The padding on the sole is very minimal...so it's not like a well padded sneaker; it's more like a regular shoe with synthetic soles. All this said, the styling is very nice, and the quality is apparent in every detail.
B006QQI76Q Sized small I'd suggest going 1/2 to 1 size up for these and keep in mind they are pretty narrow. Nice shoe though.
B006QQI76Q Not Good For the Wide Feet Not Good For the Wide Feetif u have a wide feet don't bother ..i cant use it now :(
B006WBB4D8 Size runs big I love these shoes. Very comfortable for walking, but they do run a little big. I have a narrow foot and these gap a bit when I walk.
B006WC7OZO PUMA Ferrari Speed Cat Slightly small because of the narrow tip shape, but can live with it.
B006WC8L9W Cheaply made and way too narrow These are the most narrow shoes I have ever attempted to wear. If you have feet with an average or wider foot width than I wouldn't buy these.I bought a size 10 and they are 4 inches at their widest part which I measured with a measuring tape. Plus, the materials are so low quality that I worried I would rip them when I tried to put them on.I returned these immediately. I have other Puma shoes that I love but this style is terrible and I wouldn't recommend them at all.
B006WDN6B4 DON'T WASTE MONEY These are like pretend shoes. Plastic everything--including soles, very stiff with no give. No padding whatsoever and very narrow and stupid. Don't buy!!!
B006WDOIEI Run too narrow I just got this shoes from last night , I was so excited then I tried on it made I feel disappointed because run too narrow, because  I have wide feet.  I think i will return back.
B006WDOIEI Just ok... These have a nice nylon back where your ankle hits the back; that is nice. They are a bit narrow; and make my feet look like boats! Not crazy about the color; and very cheap laces. So I don't wear them very much; just don't like how they look; even at a great price! So I have only worn them a few times; they sit in the closet!
B006ZNLM9Y Runs small. Ordered a size larger than I normally wear because running shoes generally run narrow. Was still to narrow, and they only make one width. Was disappointed but had to send them back.
B006ZNNYPE Width a little narrow. This is my first pair of running shoes from Puma. I bought because on sale.  They are treating me just fine, but they are a little more narrow than the Brooks shoes I used to run in. Similar to a Nike when it comes to width. Shoe is great, but just too narrow for my foot.
B00712KP4G narrow They are quite narrow in my opinion. My 5 year old loves them though. She particularly loves all the &#34;spikes&#34; on the bottom.
B0071BUDRG they have a very narrow foot! great shoes, but we did not come! they have a very narrow foot! son took 2 years and dad, narrow! but by themselves the quality and style are great!
B0071BUDRG A little tight but really nice The shoes are a little narrow but fit the length of my foot fine.  The leather is soft and supple and is stretching to fit my foot like a glove.  The shoes looks amazing  I love them so much, I'm putting up with them fitting a little small.
B0071BUDRG Returned They were so narrow I had to send them back. They did not fit well and were definitely not worth the price.
B0071BVJ10 Very cool shoes If you want shoes that are very sleek and stylish, comfortable, eye-catching, unique and different than what most people are wearing, and very cool like something a formula one race car driver, a super spy, or perhaps a ninja would wear, then get these babies. I love mine. And a pair of shoes with this kind of quality and style for this price (currently 65 bucks on sale!) its a no-brainer. I have worn pumas before and anyone who has worn pumas know they always run small. Buy them at least a half size to a size larger than you normally wear. And as a few have mentioned they are a tiny bit narrow (they're very form-fitting overall) , but they fit me fine. Unless you have exceptionally wide feet or maybe bunions you shouldn't have a problem. The seller also included with my shoes a free Nike sport armband for the iPod nano...which would be okay except I haven't used an iPod nano (first generation nano at that) in years. Thanks anyway. Still love the shoes.
B0071BW9KK Too Uncomfortable These shoes are very narrow, they are not well structured.  The color is great, but that is the best I can say.
B0071EAEFO NIce, but narrow These shoes are very nice looking, but are very narrow. Normally with men's shoes I have no problems, but these were very tight, sent back.
B0071EAEFO Cool Shoes My Puma's are comfortable and cool.  They run a little narrow but that's what I expected from Puma.  All in all these are a great buy and I'll be wearing them all summer.
B0071F0IN6 ok soccer shoes These shoes were a little small and kind of narrow. They were very inexpensive and I got what I paid for. They work and did the trick but they are certainly not top of the line.
B0071F0IN6 Not what I expected. Although these shoes look great, they were not what my son and I expected.He found these to be a little narrow and he said they would be too uncomfortable to wear with shin guards.Thanks
B0071QJ5GQ uncomfortable Very stiff shoe. Not like any of the other Pumas I've purchased for my daughter. The heel was narrow and hard, and it cut into her Achilles tendon area.  Turned out to be wasted dollars for me since I couldn't return them after she wore them, however briefly.
B0071RGWAM STOP don't purchase These are Poorly built and very expensive running shoes,  after less than  weeks the threads unraveled and the soles came apartAlso too narrow
B0071RGWAM Great shoe! My independent two and half year old loves these shoes. She's able to put them on all by herself, and I really like the butterfly velcro system. It's awesome! Even though she can't velcro it tightly, I know that the shoe won't fall off because of the butterfly system. The shoes are cute, but are narrow...not a problem for my daughter's narrow feet, but I know other kiddos might need to size up due to this. My daughter loves them, and calls them her soccer shoes!
B0071RGWAM cute shoe great attention to detail. We love the way it looks and so does my daughter.When ordering be aware that Puma shoes seem to be running small. my daughter usually wears a size 8 now but in Puma I had to order a size 9.Another thing that works great for us, our daughter has very narrow feet which makes it hard to find shoes for her. Puma shoes are more narrow than the usual shoe
B00727EJIS Cell Tolero 3 These shoes are ok for a wide foot and do not have much of a foot bed.  They are a little stiff and therefore not as forgiving for a lot of activities.
B00727EVWM nice shoe, should have bought wide The shoes came in faster than expected and are of great quality. However, I should have bought them in a wide as they are very narrow.
B0073FQRHA Great fit but... I usually wear a 10.5 and decided to buy a size 11 knowing that pumas are usually on the narrow side.  When I got them I was disappointed that there was what appears to be an ink run from the black strip running along the front of the shoe.  Shoes themselves are light and well ventilated.  My feet feel really good in them and they look great.  Not sure how good the support is for long distance running though.
B0073FRPX0 Weird fitting shoe I wear a 14 D - even in other PUMA shoes, but this 14 D was simply not like the others.It was shallow at the instep and narrow for the stated size. Not sure what happened with these....it's a shame, as it cost me a discount code that I probably won't get back!
B0073G9RI0 over-pronation shoe This really helped with my over-pronation. I have wide feet and it did run a little too small. It is hard to gauge the size over the internet, though. I bought an 8.5 and I usually wear between an 8 and a 9.
B0073G9Z4Q Nice looking but a bit narrow I liked the colors and design. My search for a good running shoe continues though as this runs a bit narrow and was too snug.
B0073ITVP2 sizing truth I listened to the reviewers that said it runs big. I wear a 12 in Nike and a 11.5 in NB.  I ordered the 11.5 and my toes are blowing through the end.  This shoe does NOT run big, and it does run a little on the narrow side.
B0073J8SG4 Runs Small The shoe runs small and narrow.  However, it was a nice looking shoe and may have been comfortable on a narrow foot.
B0073XIITC Ordered a half size up and they fit perfect! After reading other reviews, I chose to go a half size up because I have wide feet, and PUMAs are notorious for being to narrow. I am so glad I did!Pros: Fit great, wide enough! (go half size up), look sleek, comfortable, light weight, Seem high qualityCons: Scuff easily- white marks first week, not terribly flexible (feel a bit stiff compared to what I am use to)Overall I would recommend them because the overall look and feel is good.
B0073XIITC Too Narrow. I didn't mind the shoes but they were too narrow. They looked wide enough in the picture. I liked the feel and comfort of them though. But I sent them back. Got a quick refund. Will buy from them again but make sure they are wide enough before I order next time.
B0073XIITC Hurt feet I really wanted to love these shoes, especially after reading the reviews. Sadly, the shoes are a little narrow for me. Odd thing is, my right foot always felt like it was running off the side of the cushion, whereas, my left foot was fine. I'm not sure what that's about. The look of the shoe is awesome and I will wear them for short periods of time. Unfortunately I cannot wear them to work, which was the whole reason I bought these shoes.
B0073XIITC Not a good shoe Read all the reviews and the majority of purchasers ordered 1 size up.  I purchased a pair of PUMA's about a year ago from Dick's and these were also a size 9.  Even though I wear a size 8 shoe, it appears PUMA's must run small.  Expecting the Tazon's to fit as my old PUMA's (not Tazon's) I was confident they would be great.  Unfortunately, they looked like a man's shoes and were very uncomfortable. I don't mind them a little big, but these seemed to be 2 sizes larger in the toe box area, and uncomfortably narrow in width. In addition, they looked like they were all man-made materials. The PUMA's I have are softer & look like leather.  I was VERY disappointed in these shoes & returned them the next day.
B0073XIITC Good Shoes! I like these shoes...however, I found them a little narrow.  I wear them around the house - they have great support!
B0073XIITC great shoes for price Shoe length fits as its supposed to but the width is a little narrow. Just needs to be broken in.
B0073XIITC I really wanted to like them I really wanted to like these shoes but BEWARE, they are way to NARROW at the ball of the foot despite ordering a 1/2 size bigger than I normally wear.  I wore them for a few of hours around the house and they made my feet hurt for a couple of days after.  Its sad, because I really wanted to like them.  ....I tried to give them to my mom who has narrow feet, even though they fit her through the ball of the foot, the heal was 'sloppy' on her feet so she couldn't wear them either.  Now I am stuck with shoes that look good, but can't be worn.
B0073XIITC Great shoe but order a half size up I've worn these shoes for a week.  I originally ordered a 7.5 which is my shoe size but had to exchange them for an 8 because my toe hit the end. I have the eights and the length is great but they are a bit wide. the laces fix the problem fairly well but you can see the leather bunch a bit around the top of the shoe. It really isn't that noticeable but it might bother some people. I have very narrow feet.  They are comfortable and are great for power walking and running. They also look amazing. I love the race type design. I normally buy New Balance cause I like their ability to sell different widths, but the shoes are very chunky looking. I feel comfortable wearing these to the office with nice jeans etc. Overall I give these shoes a b+.
B0073XIITC Fits a little snug I'm a size 7 and my foot is about average on width (not narrow or wide). They fit a little snug but with a smaller sock and wearing them in a little, they've started to fit better. I love the style and over all look!
B0073XIITC Just ok Overall these are just okay. Not really enough cushioning for me. They are narrow, but that is fine with me because I have narrow feet. These say cross trainers in the description, but inside the shoe it says &#34;running&#34;. I am a runner and there is no way I would wear these running. My feet would be killing me after the first mile! I wear these shoes to work in a hospital and they are just fine for that. I am on my feet all day and my feet don't hurt any worse or any better wearing these. So overall, just okay.
B0073XIITC Online ordering Pumas are true to size. Fit well for narrow feet. The only athletic shoes I buy. Especially when ordering online.
B0073XIITC Love these shoes! This is my first pair of puma shoes; and love them.  Had heard they may run a little small, and I have  fairly narrow feet, and they fit just fine!  Love the look and feel of these.  They are a very sharp shoe.  Feel really good on my feet too!  Will definitely buy more pumas!!!
B0073XIITC Comfortable shoes but returned anyway It's comfortable shoes but I eventually had to return it because it is a bit narrow for my wide feet. It is really snug and comfortable at all directions except the width.
B0073XIITC Love these shoes! I was concerned about the sizing because of the other reviews I'd read, but was pleasantly surprised that they fit perfectly! I have a narrow foot and really dislike the sport shoes with a lot of room at the front of the foot. These fit great and are very comfortable.
B0073XIITC great shoe for my size 11 wide width feet After reading reviews I was worried this shoe would not fit right. I tried to change my order to a bigger size but unfortunately I was unable to so instead of canceling I decided to keep it. I have size 11 wide width feet hence the reason I thought I would've run into some problems with a narrow fit shoe. When my shoe arrived, I tried them on and to my amazement they were comfortable. Im so happy I didnt change my order.
B0073XIITC Narrow This is a very good looking shoe! I'm very happy with the product, aside from one thing. The shoe is a bit narrow. I have narrow feet and this is a medium width shoe, but it is still just a little bit tight in the toe area. Hopefully this will stretch a bit as I wear them longer. Overall, I'm happy with the purchase! :)
B0077C0KYA Price Buster Right for the price. Got this kicks a month ago and it really feels comfortable. I'm wearing this on a daily basis and its very light. Even tried this for a run on track and it handles well. I would probably recommend this shoes but make sure you don't have a wide foot because the sizing is a bit narrow.
B0077C0KYA PUMA shoe always are great I bought these pair which it appealed to me from Amazon. The price sure was right, and rational. Puma is sure always my brand. My only observation I can&#8217;t recommend it to people with wide foot similar to mine, sure it will be perfect with a narrow foot.  I have kept this pair despite I am not comfortable with it, with the hope it will get better with extensive use, and moreover because it&#8217;s a Puma. I&#8217;ll  giving it only 4 stars.
B0078XNX8I Great shoes I bought these for my daughter and I love them. She wears orthotics that slip into her shoes so I wasn't sure if these would work because you need to have a little extra room to accommodate them. I pulled the inserts from the sneakers and they left plenty of room. Plus the velcro closures across the top on either side allow for narrow feet or wider feet. I love them so much, I think I might buy the next size up as she's starting to grow out of her current pair. People always comment on her cute sneakers. I'd absolutely recommend them.
B007IW8NJS Clean and comfortable I like Puma as a brand and tend to by their shoes.  This is the first time I bought online and I wasn't disappointed.  I don't love the laces - they are too long (I have narrow feet) - wish they were more elastic and stretchy but that is the only thing I'd change.  It's a clean and sharp looking shoe and comfortable.
B007IX3572 Too narrow The shoe itself is cute and nice but it's very narrow and I was not able to wear it. Disappointing.
B007IXCZZU Great Fit Shoe fits true to size. I have a wider foot and shoe looked narrow but when I put them on fit great. Only  downside not much cush in step. Maybe get cheap foot pads for comfort. I use them for walking.
B007IXCZZU It's Okay...... I love the look & everything but this shoe is very very narrow.  I have wide feet & they hurt me.  I can wear them a little while but end up having to take them off.  They are made well,  just not for me......
B007J3GCR6 Crap These are the most uncomfortable shoes. They run narrow and the tongue comes up too high and rubs against my foot. My first and last pair of Pumas.Get what you pay for I guess.
B007J599HY Narrow-Narrow-Narrow. Despite having a tiny foot, these shoes were incredibly painful/uncomfortable.  Squeezed a foot in...said &#34;ouch wtf?&#34;...took my foot out without lacing them up and stuck them in the mail for a return.  Too bad, love the style...but whoever designed them must not have feet themselves.
B007J5K734 Not for people with narrow feet! I have size 10 feet that are somewhat narrow. I do not wear 2A, however the fact that i do not have wider feet leads to these shoes falling off all the time as there isnt alot of shoe to go over your foot. I fit perfectly into regular puma shoes (sneaker, fashion sneakers etc) and I have many, but these just didnt meet my expectations.
B007JASSKI narrow, as described I ordered up a half size because I read the other reviews, and they were accurate. The shoe style is really narrow but still wearable. I ordered the gray so I could wear them out to bars, restaurants with jeans but that will be about all I will use them for. Not for (in my opinion) a lot of running or lounge around in. They look great though!
B007JASSKI Great I was worried about it being too narrow but it worked for my bf. He loved them!! They arrived quickly!
B007JASSKI Narrow European Style Shoe This Shoe was a little too narrow for my liking.  I couldn't tell that it would be as narrow as it is from the picture.  Note also that the white stripes are cloth material and will get dirty quite quickly and be difficult to clean
B007JASSKI Beautiful and comfortable. I love my puma!  Really beautiful shoes with a good color scheme, the brown and orange go well together and it does not hurt that the shoes are comfortable.The sole is pretty narrow so if you have wide feet they might not feel good for you.I like them  for casual wear with darker jeans and they get attention where ever I go.
B007JAT2EY Great Shoes Extremely Comfortable Great shoes extremely comfortable slightly narrow but should not bother most unless very wide foot.Good shoe for walking and also a smart looking dress shoe.
B007JAT44W Great Shoes!!! These shoes run very narrow, so keep that in mind if you're thinking of ordering. They look awesome though, and feel sexy!
B007LWG5OK the only thing That I don't like about Pumas is that they are all, without exception, fit for narrow feet.  These are comfy though, only after I jammed cans in them to stretch them out a bit.
B007LWG5OK dissapointed The size of the slide sandal was listed as a "D" but it was more like a "C" width and is too narrow and does not fit well. There is always a risk when you buy shoes on line that different brands will vary in size.
B007M6B9A0 Amazon customer rating. i have really wide feet and my feet are to cramped. I like the style and color. would like to get a size 11 if possible.
B007MAYD2C Perfect for narrow feet. Both my daughters have very narrow feet.  This is our fifth pair of PUMAs.  They hold up well and wash great in the machine.  These are feminine without being too girly.
B007MAYD2C We both like them My daughter likes the glitter. I like the color because they don't show dirt. The shoe has a narrow look, which is fine. The sizes are true and accurate. Velcro makes putting the shoes on quick and easy.
B007MC1CHE Very narrow The shoes look really nice but they are really narrow, luckily my son has very narrow feet so they fit fine but the bottom strap is extremely short, so even with my kid's narrow feet, I have to pull really hard on it so it stays attached to the velcro on the shoe.  Also because of this pulling, the stitches that held together the velcro and the strap went loose, so I had to take the shoes to get fixed, this happened 2 weeks after using them for the first time (school shoes, worn twice a week)
B007MC1CHE Shallow hill -- poor fit, decently manufactured The shoe is well-built, but is a completely wrong fit for a narrow foot of an energetic kid. It is narrow in the front and shallow in the hill. When walking, the hill does not stay in place. My daughter grows quickly and has a tendency to twist ankles during growth spurs.Return. Got New Balance Medium width instead.Leading up yo it: My 6-year-old daughter fell in love with the color and the Puma shape. She loves Cheetas, so anything cats immediately pushes the hot button. When the shoe arrived, she was eager to overlook sloppy back, but after running in the shoes at home she agreed to let them go.She saw some Pumas at Gap and Nordstrom. Tried them -- could not get a good read on the fit, since the shoes were too small. I would recommend figuring out what manufacturers' builds work and sticking with them.
B007MCNL6O Cute shoe This is a great shoe to get on & off. The color scheme is very nice too. They go with a lot. My daughter as a bit of a narrow foot so we tighten that valcro as mug as we can.
B007MF7IRY everything more than they appear to be. So this same product has a better picture on zappos.com. The picture on this site really looks like a dull yellow, bad lighting. Really these shoes are a vibrant shade of yellow and I got 2 compliments in the first day I wore them. They run true to size, and run slim and narrow. They fit my narrow foot. But they're not extremely narrow to where someone with a "not as narrow as mine" foot couldn't run them too. They wear well, sometimes shoes have funny creases in them just after the first day you wear them just because of how they're engineered. Not these, the toe box remains smooth and how it should look.
B007NQ658A Great shoe, Great value I bought these shoes after unsuccessfully finding Puma Soleil's in my desired color scheme. I've had them over a month, and I am thrilled with these shoes! I read a lot of reviews about Puma's and I don't think I have had any of the problems I read about in other shoes. I have fairly narrow feet, but my toes have some wiggle room without the whole shoe feeling like a canoe on my foot. The size was very accurate and the quality seems just fine. Some folks griped about the wide, flat laces, but they are holding up great and and they're perfect if you're the kind of person to just tuck your laces in your shoe in a hurry. The problem I can think of is that the top of the back may wear on your achilles tendon at first, but once broken in I didn't notice it.
B007NQC2OQ Love these Great shoe, nice a narrow for my narrow feet, great casual shoe.  Very flat, so if you need a bit of a heel - this is not it. Otherwise great.
B007PK5T0Y Great shoes! These shoes are comfortable! I love them! They run a little bit small and narrow, but I ordered half a size up so they fit perfectly.
B007SLGLX4 Really wide for PUMA! I've been buying PUMA shoes for my daughter (7 yrs) since she was able to walk.  They've always made their shoes more on the narrow side which fits my daughter perfectly.  These are extremely wide!  I bought her a size 1.5, not sure if the smaller sizes are more like regular PUMA but these are just too big!  I will still buy PUMA but a different style.
B007SM2M2W great deal These were perfect for my daughter. She is 8 and has narrow feet. I think they are best for the narrow foot, and she loves them!
B007SM2M2W Meh They're cute as can be out of the box. After two weeks, the clear plastic coating started to bend and sort of warp where her foot bends and that made it look cloudy and not so sparkly. I'm pretty disappointed considering the price. They're great shoes performance wise - they fit my narrow footed girl quite well and look good as athletic shoes and also with a skirt.
B007SM2M2W cute! Just got these for my 2-year-old. She has chubby, short feet. About 2 months ago, I bought her some Toms in a size 7, which are a little long for her, but comfortable. I bought these Pumas for her in a size 7, too, because I thought that the Toms were really narrow and that a 7 in a different shoe might be good. Anyway, these fit her fairly well, but with not so much room to grow, and the velcro was just barely reaching across her foot. Just returned the 7s and bought 8s, and I'm hoping that they won't be too long.Anyway, they are VERY cute, and she (and her 7-year-old brother) loved them on her! I think they will hold up MUCH better than the Toms.
B007UM6PAK A good deal for narrow foot and a pocket Pros: light, fashionable, not expensiveCons: for narrow foot, forget the socks, the toe room is minimal, bigger size won't helpYou'll put it on feeling younger, you'll take it off feeling relieved.
B0089HEVYM Comfy sneakers I bought a pair of these sneakers at a discount type store and fell in love. They are wide enough by the toes and narrow by my almost not their arch.They are shaped exactly like my foot. They also have great cushion. These are awesome sneakers for walking. The only problem I have is that the top material on these sneakers is thin and sock like. The ones I bought from the discount store have a lining on the top sock like material and are still breathable. Also the rubber that hits the pinky is higher up on the amazon ones and they somewhat pinch my pinky-ONLY ON ONE FOOT. The ones from the discount store do not pinch because of the lining and the rubber being slightly lower.I am keeping them though because they are comfy otherwise. I guess I'll put some padding on that side. For me its only one foot. These are definitely sneakers for people with narrow feet. They fit me like a sock.
B008A6BB9U Cute and Comfy shoes! I've had the shoes for almost two months now and tried them out in various situations. I've worn them to work, to dance, to exercise/walk, and I wore them in Disney World. They don't appear to have much arch support, but they are soft and flexible. In fact, my friend who was developing blisters walking at Disney World, switched to my shoes for part of the day and commented on how comfortable they were.Pros:Color is vibrant and fun and I get lots of compliments on themComfortable--no matter how many hours you are on your feetFit is good for my slightly wide feetCons:Might be too wide if you have a narrow footSome decorative stitching on top is coming looseNot enough grip in slick conditions
B008A6BPJQ Fun colors, very comfortable. Puma's always run narrow so it's best to order a full size up if your feet are average width like mine. The shoes are extremely comfortable though, and the pink is just as pastel as the photograph but the white is sharper. I wore these a full day around the house and noticed just a little bit of rubbing half way through since the back of the shoe is unpadded. I swapped out for thicker socks and that solved it. Overall a cute, fun, and very lightweight shoe to own. You barely feet them on your feet.
B008A6BPJQ NARROW!!! These kicks are adorable but way too narrow. Length was true to size. I was very disappointed that I had to return them.
B008A6BPJQ The best sneakers!! These sneakers are wonderful!!  I was worried after  reading one review that they might be too narrow, but they fit my rather wide feet perfect!  Love the color and they are so comfortable, i wear them to the Gym where i walk on the treadmill and ride the bike,along with using other machines, and have had no problems.  I just cant say enough good things about these.
B008A6BPJQ Narrow isn't the proper word! I purchased these Puma's because I usually LOVE all the Puma shoes I get!!  These tend to be a bit 'off' when it comes to the shape of the sole.  It's not that they are too narrow, it's that the edges of the sole tend to go up the side of the foot and it just feels weird!  Good thing I only purchased them to have a pair of 'dressy' sneaks to wear with jeans.  No hiking or long term walking in these!
B008A6BPJQ perfection! It is perfection! nothing more. I liked it, i`m love in it. They look better than in picture, so lovely and cool.  Length was true to size and i don`t think that they are narrow, they look GREAT!
B008A6C4RS I ordered them for a friend When she tried them on she said they were too narrow?  I ordered a different pair for me which worked out great as usual.  I've always liked Puma's
B008A6C4RS not bad I read puma's ran a little narrow. So I did half size bigger. It fits a little loose but width is comfortable. Looks cool enough.
B008A6JWU0 Very narrow These shoes fit very narrow. If you have ever considered getting wide width shoes, these will not fit you. I even tried a half size up from what I normally wear. Also, I wasn't thrilled with how they looked in person. They seemed a lot cheaper and more plastic-y. I wound up returning them.
B008A6JWU0 so narrow I purchased these shoes after reading the reviews from others.I normally wear a 7 in shoes, but in the Faraway Field and the Faraway Fell I needed a 8.I therefore ordered a 8 in the Faraway Beach but it was too small. This is much narrower than the other shoes.
B008A6JWU0 Comfortable This shoe is lightweight and comfy. I will say it is narrow so more than likely you will need to go up a half size or more depending on the width of your feet. However, overall I love them especially for the low price I paid: under $30.
B008A6JWU0 perfect casual shoes, but I wish I had it bigger. The shoes were Comfortable and light and the shipping was very fast. However, they were a bit narrow for my feet. I wish they were a bit wide. Im normally a 7.5 but if I get these again, ill go for size 8.
B008A6JWU0 Comfy Everyday shoe Not for athletic activities by any means....I bought these just for scooting around when I don't want to wear flip flops.  They are super comfy - probably run narrow though as I have a narrow foot and when I pulled these out of the box I thought they looked rather &#34;long&#34;.  However, they are stretchy and form fitting.  Just love the way they look with shorts, jeans whatever.
B008A6JZG6 Lightweight and Great Fit I have a narrow foot, these fit perfectly not to wide as most sneakers are (Nike)etc. Love that they are light weight and very comfortable.
B008A6K8XU Heel runs big Fit is ok, I have narrow feet so I find that since Pumas run narrow they generally fit ok for me (as long as I wear moderately heavy socks).  These however run larger than normal in the heel so I needed a heavier sock to wear with them.  Still can keep them on my feet though so not too bad.The tongue is a little too thin for my taste but since I am wearing heavier socks that is not a deal breaker for me.  Normally that would be.
B008A6KS08 Ultimate! Edited review! These are fantastic! Nice arch support; and nice support under toes. Just wide enough for the front of my feet with thin socks! Nice quality construction. I usually wear an 8.5-9; more often; a 9. The 9's were too long; had to return and get an 8.5. I have tried about 20 pairs of sneakers that do not fit my feet; these fit and have support in just the right places!  I do find the color gosh darn ugly; but with my feet; I cannot be picky!  Very bright pinkish/peachish!  Is that a word; lol?!  These just went down in price; am hoping the grey do also so I can have another pair. Can't wait to get the next pair!  I highly recommend these if you have: Arch issues, wide toe box (JUST wide enough); and am not walking out of the heels since mine are so narrow!  Best sneakers EVER!  Forgot about Puma; I have a white/purple/blue pair that also fit well; just the white have gotten a bit dirty; and I don't like dirty sneakers! Highly recommend this brand as well as this particular shoe!UPDATE: Ordered 2 other Puma's of the same style because they were gorgeous; but alas, way too narrow. So I went ahead and ordered these in the 8.5's. A bit tight in the toes for my wide toe box, but I am not walking out of them; and as stated, great arch support and nice feel under great toe in toe box! As I have ordered a ZILLION pairs of shoes from Amazon Prime; and returned them all; I am keeping these; if the toe box hurts; I am buying shoe stretchers! Will not put Amazon through me ordering pair number One zillion and one! Amazon is great; they don't complain; and I am sure I am an ANNOYING customer! Everything I have ordered from them has been a seemless process; I highly recommend Amazon Prime. I hope the other color of these go on sale; because I want the grey! Another note: These are a leather-type shoe; which will be easy to clean; very important to me because I detest even one drop of dirt on sneaks!Update: After walking around in these for a few long journeys; they are too narrow in the toe box; gave them away..
B008A6KTKC PUMA Women's Voltaic 4 GT It's a narrow shoe (to be expected w/ Pumas), comfortable w/ normal support / cushion and great design. It felt a little &#34;high&#34; on the heel portion but I think it's a matter of me getting used to it coming from Asics and Brooks.  I only wore it three times because I found it to be very warm during summer time. I am putting it aside for now until the weather cools a bit.I would not recommend it for wide feet though.
B008A6KTKC Love Pumas Pumas are made more tight. Love them because my feet are narrow and they are light and easy to balance with
B008A6KTKC just don't work for me since I'm a mid-foot striker I thought these would be good for me.  That plus they're a very attractive shoe so I bought a pair.  Well the picture is deceiving (sorry).  They are more boxy/clunky looking than the photos, plus my front strike felt like cement.  That could easily be a me problem though.  I ordered a size 11 since my Kinvara's are an 11 and I have a lot of toe-room in them, but these pinched my toes and I have narrow feet.  Again, perhaps a me problem.  I bought them because I'm pretty new to running and wanted to try something different brand-wise.  I am definitely buying another pair of kinvara's and returning these.  I'm sure they will work for someone very well, just not me.
B008A6KTKC Very narrow shoes These are gorgeous sneakers, but unfortunately WAY too small. I know Pumas generally run smaller but I would actually recommend ordering 2 sizes up from your normal and if you have a wide foot then don't even bother. I really love the look of the shoes though, its a bummer I had to return them.
B008A6KTKC Brand Runs Very Narrow This brand thinks everyone has skinny feet!  Burn twice with their lousy sizing.  Don't bother is you have regular width feet.
B008A6KTKC Slips My heel slightly slips out. I do have narrow feet, maybe that has something to do with it. Otherwise love them! Very comfortable!!
B008A6KTKC perfect for gym, running & walking I was worried after I ordered these because I had seen several reviews stating that the shoes were too narrow and squished the toes. However,  when I got them in size 9.5, they fit perfectly.  I have used them in body pump and for a little running and so far,  so good!
B008A6KTKC Really narrow toe box I read the reviews that said these ran small so I ordered a half size larger but...the size isn't the issue. They narrow at the toe so even when the length fits the width is too tight and my toes are squished. Had a blister within the first couple of miles on the treadmill. Will just be using these for walking.
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes Love the colors, love the style.  The only thing I would change is to have a wide width available.  I have wide feet and they fit in the shoes snugly, but they are still comfortable because of the way the tongue is built into the shoe.  Would definitely buy another pair when these are shot!
B008A6KTKC Good for price Comfortable. A little wide for narrow feet, but most shoes are too wide for me, so not bad. Probably not excellent for lots of running, but great for normal everyday shoes. In fact I have them on now!
B008A6KTKC Sizing runs a little small I wear a 7 wide width when I can get it.  I ordered 7.5 because it did not come in wide.  I am not able to wear socks with this shoe.  In bare feet it fits like a 7 lenght and width.  There is a seam on the inside just back from the big toe that is really hard causeing pain where it rubs the side of my foot.
B008A6KTKC Tight to get on with built-in tongue It's a little tight to get on with the tongue built in, but otherwise I like them a lot.  Perhaps a tiny bit wide if you don't have wide feet- I do and they're plenty wide.  I also feel on the left and right side near the ball of the foot, some round peg-like structures underneath.  Not sure if this is acupressure or what.
B008A6KTKC Wide width.... I like the shoes, but they were a tad tight at first. They have started to stretch out a bit, after wearing them for a couple weeks.  They would have been perfect in a size 10 wide.
B008A6KTKC Narrow, and small fit No happy with the selection,  originally got 9.0, small and narrow, exchange it for 9.5 still narrow, not evem close to be comfortable.  Shape view from top, once is on is round loks too volky.
B008A6YJDU Great shoes. I wear a 7 and that is what I bought. The color is bright and my teammates do not have a problem trying to find me. :) I do not wear socks with these shoes since they are so narrow but I did not get any blisters on my first game.
B008A6YSR2 Me and My daughter loved them ,look great but tight on front of foot . Had fast shipping, original box. Very good looking ,nice and light . Great quality.The only reason I rated 4 stars is because they fit small. The length is fine on the toes but they're narrow at the bottom of the laces.My daughter will wear with regular thin socks for a while until they loosen up a little bit.
B008AILZZI VERY NARROW Beatiful and stilish shoes but too narrow, it doesn't fit well. Be sure to ask  for a complete size larger at least.
B008AJZ5OO Nice shoes but runs small Really nice shoes but i would recommend getting a size bigger as they run smaller then other shoes i buy. The sole is really narrow and will take some time getting use to walking in them. all in all a very nice shoe
B008AKO0BM Well suited for it's intended purpose Let me start by saying, these are driving shoes. They are not designed for walking or running. I wouldn't want to do either for a very long distance in these shoes. They do not have enough padding for that. They are designed for driving and are well suited for that purpose. The heel is well rounded making it easy on the carpet in the footwell and easy to pivot your foot from one pedal to another. The soles are narrower than the upper part of the shoe which makes its very easy to maneuver your feet from gas to clutch to brake in a car with close pedal spacing and a narrow footwell. The soles are smooth on the sides and are thin with a slight tread on the bottom.There are no sharp edges or lugs on the soles, so they won't catch on the pedals. There is a very thin padded insert inside the shoe which gives good feel for the pedals. These shoes are snug by design. If in doubt as to size, I would order the next 1/2 size larger.
B008AL2UCC To narrow If you have a wide feet line mine are, you will want to pass on this! I bought a size larger than I wear.  I got them on but couldn't get the velcro to cover my big fat feet.
B008AL2UCC Look Great But Are Unusually Narrow My husband purchased these shoes for himself. His feet measure a size 8.5, but he normally wears a 9 so he can move his toes around (he's weird, I know.) Size 9 was unavailable so he ordered a 9.5...2 sizes larger than his measured foot size as he doesn't mind wearing a larger size (again, he's weird, I know.) My husband does not have wide feet at all, but even 2 sizes too big the shoes width was uncomfortably & unusually narrow. These were immediately returned for a refund.
B008AL2UCC Long and narrow Good to get at least 1/2 size over yours. But it's still narrow and long. Still breaking mine in, and getting used to the fit, it's just different. Long narrow feet would be perfect. I think it's imitation or just cheap leather, but no problems so far.
B008AL33QE Puma Future Cat Way too narrow. Get half size bigger than usual. Now with that said the shoes look great with jeans. If you want a shoe with a different look buy these.
B008AL3L0C Puma shoes have very narrow width. I have tried several PUMA products now and they are way to narrow.  I have even tried ordering up to three sizes bigger and they are still too narrow.  I guess if you have a product made in a factory where there is a bunch of people with little feet and hands, this is what you get.
B008AL3L0C Puma has great products  this is not one of them! Really like everyone else said:  One of  those things where its a great concept in design not very practical  in day to day use.  Very narrow width..uncomfortable to wear..I had to purchase shoe stretchers to see if it will help..but al in all I would not reccomend them to anyone.
B008AL5NN0 These are a fassion shoe These are a fashion shoe that is fine for short comfort but not to wear too long or you might find your feet to get a bit sore.  If you are narrow footed than get one 1/2 size up on this shoe if you have a wide foot.
B008ALI936 Narrow These are sleek and very narrow - even if you have no problems with shoe width, you might with these.  If you get the white version of these, be sure you like overt whiteness; there is little stitching or other design to break up the smooth white facade.
B008ALI936 love these guys Look great feel even better! Just order 1/2 size larger.....also for narrow feet. If you have wide flippers, they might be a tad uncomfortable.
B008ALI936 not too pleased I work on my feet all day in a hospital. I average about 1.5 to 2 miles a day. That is why I bought these shoes thinking they would be good for that. I was not too pleased! They are very narrow! I wear size 11.5 in men's and have never in my life required wide shoes. These are just too narrow for my liking. They are so narrow i had to double check and make sure they had not sent me womens shoes. I still wear them but will never buy this brand again without being able to try them on. I would not recommended this product to anyone not familiar with Puma products.
B008ALI936 Runs Very Narrow Bought these for a friend. They fit him fine but from previous purchases for myself I know that Pumas run very narrow. I have a wide foot so cannot purchase Pumas for myself.
B008ALI936 Great showpiece, terrible shoe No question about it, this shoe looks great. That's why I bought it.The shoe is also a good comfortable fit though very slightly too narrow. (Not enough to be uncomfortable for me)However the shoe bottom tread is very narrow and makes you feel like you have to balance yourself along a narrow beam lengthwise. After a week or so I learned how to balance myself on them and would have given three stars.But, what's unforgivable is that I live in NYC and take the subway. The subway floor is often tiled and I slip around on the floor as if it was ice. I look like a drunk penguin making my way around. These shoes are very slippery.So all in all they make terrible shoes but I've worn them outside so I can't return them.They look great though if I can manage to remain upright.As to the people who didn't notice this I'm dumbfounded. Do you live outside of major cities ? Do you not enter tiled floors for business/healthcare/clubbing/bar hopping, etc? I don't get it.
B008ALJ8S6 Pleased with the product so far. Quality and appearance are great,  but seems a little narrow in fit, Stlll feels comfortable. Really like the fact that they are light in weight,
B008ALJ8S6 Not happy about paying return fee. I gave this two stars because I really liked the way they looked. However... I normally wear a 10.5 D US and in reading other reviews some said the shoes may be a wee small so I ordered 11 D US. Opps! When I got them they were so narrow I could not get them on my feet. The length seamed to be an 11 US but the width was very narrow. They arrived right when they were scheduled and well packaged, that is a good point. Now the part that makes me angry... I have to pay $6.00 so I may return them. Really? They are not sized correctly and I pay for the return of them. Not good customer service.
B008ALJ8S6 Better than most I have tried I have had a lot os surgery and still have steel pins, etc in my feet.  This is, so far, the most comfortable shoe I have tried.  Most reasonably priced shoes only come in Wide width and I require a Mediun (D) width.
B008ALWBFS If you have a wide foot... ...they are very uncomfortable.  I think this is a puma problem, since this is the second pair that I could't even get on without discomfort.
B008ALWDZG Very nice shoe, but also very narrow. Well built shoe, but will only work for someone with a very narrow, long foot.  It doesn't really have any toe box.
B008ALX6SO Too Narrow Decent value but not made for people with wide feet. Great traction on field turf. Offset laces would be nice feature to add.
B008ALXEBS Product Returned Unfortunately they were narrow and on the small side. Overall construction and feel of shoe seemed good, but could not worn to further test.
B008ALXVMK Fit is too Narrow Im used to Puma King Cleats having a wider fit. These seemed much more narrow on the front of the foot similar to Nike and Adidas.
B008AWU21W On the narrow side These are nice shoes, reasonably priced, but they were narrower than I expected.  My son's feet are not super wide or anything - most &#34;medium&#34; shoes fit just fine, but the 9.5 D, while long enough, pinched across the base of the toes.
B008AWW7Y2 Narrow its the lightest and most &#34;breathable&#34; pair of shoes I have tried so far. but the only defect i found is that they are slightly narrow. Still fit to perfection
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Voltaic I only wear Pumas and have bought several pairs of the Voltaics. They were as expected, color pattern looks good on these. Fit a long, narrow foot well.
B008AXTOQ0 Too narrow by far These shoes looked good on the outside but the fit is way too narrow and they do not offer a wider version.
B008AXTOQ0 Great! Very comfy, snug fit. Felt kind of 'off-balance' before I got them broken in.The heel, however, doesn't feel as secure as the rest of the shoe. Maybe I just have narrow heels. Hasn't been a problem, it just doesn't feel as snug as the rest.
B008AXTOQ0 hubby has a narrow foot and wears orthotics My hubby has a very hard to fit foot. He usually only wears New Balance,until he found these. These are great for a narrower foot that needs great arch support. He plays racquetball in these shoes with great support.We give these A+++
B008AXTOQ0 Too small to be mine The dhoe is very narrow. People woth dize 12, need some room. If you are looking to improve - just make it wider
B008AXTOQ0 Runs a little narrow. Love these shoes, a little tight and they only come in one width, but all in all, they fit pretty well. And, they are very cool looking, get many positive comments.
B008AXTOQ0 A bit narrow Very comfortable but a bit narrow. I like the combination of colors.  I liked the box, has a pocket that can be used to carry the shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes, comfortable and good construction I wear a slightly wider shoe and these seem to fit well. If you have narrow feet these will be perfect. If you have very wide feet I would avoid. I feel they fit true to size. I wear 13 and purchased 13.The materials are of good quality and the construction seems to be good.
B008AXTOQ0 Good quality shoe beware though... ...If you have wider feet than average, they might be a bit snug the first couple times wearing them. The colors are exactly how they looked in the picture. I started working out in them and they work well. Like i said before only issue is they are a little too narrow for my feet.
B008AXTOQ0 Don't do it Looks great, but way too narrow and short length wise. Ordered a half size bigger after reading reviews. Send back and didn't exchange. It wasn't worth the effort.  Stay away or buy them in a store so you can try on several pairs.  My suggestion, stay away! Good luck with these shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 A little snug These shoes are pretty decent. I saw other reviews that said they were a bit narrow but stretched out a bit in a few days. Well mine didn't stretch that much so they're a little snug still. Had I known that I wouldn't have ordered them because I spent 70 bucks on shoes that I hardly ever wear. Still, I can't really fault Puma for this. I knew Pumas typically run narrow anyway. I just had hope these would stretch enough to be comfortable. They're not UNcomfortable as such, but after about 6 hours of wear I'm ready to take them off.Upside is I guess they'll look new longer.
B008AXTOQ0 A bit narrow! And I don't have that problem with other shoes I've bought online or in the store. I haven't bought PUMA since teenage hood.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes but too narrow!! It's a great shoes for serious runner who look for lightweight and heel support. However, it kind of too narrow at the toe-box or maybe my feet is kind of wide(2E) which make me uncomfortable while try it on.  Anyways!! Great shoes!! Good product!! Especially for those who have a normal wide feet.
B008AXTOQ0 Too Narrow The shoe size is just right, however they are way too narrow, I am trying to stretch them out, otherwise a waste of $80
B008AXTOQ0 Shoe Width All of your shoes seem to run on the narrow side. I wear an E width shoe.Thank you  Ron Allen
B008AXTOQ0 Tight I knew pumas ran a little narrow but i still like them these will need time to break in . I really prefer my reebok zigs but was wanting a new gym shoe so i tried the pumas
B008AXY38Y Nice shoe, badly sewn tongue, and sizing weird This is overall a nice shoe.  It's attractively designed, and well enough padded (the tongue might be a little too padded).  I have a couple of issues with it.  The first is that the base of the inside of the tongue has extra fabric past the part that is stitched to the shoe.  This has resulted in some chafing for me on the outside top of my foot right above my little toe.  This is the case on both shoes, so I think it's just how the shoe is made, not a mistake.Puma sizing is often confusing, especially in unisex, but this shoe is doubly so.  Most of the reviews say to size up, so I assume most of these shoes do, in fact, run small.  I sized up a half size (that may be more than a half size in women's) and they're too long.  However, they seem kind of narrow given that my feet are not as wide as an average man's, but the shoe is snug through the front and gigantic in the heel on me.  The laces are terrible, but that's an easy fix.Bottom line, if you have narrow feet (like, really narrow if you're a man) these might be a good fit, but watch out for the extra fabric on the tongue, and (given other reviewer's experiences), I'm not sure the sizing is consistent so I can't say whether to go with your regular size.
B008AXY38Y Surin - nice looks but maybe not high performance...athletic imposter I bought these shoes for work, not athletics, because i like the Puma styling and i needed something &#34;clean&#34; to wear at work.  (It is impossible to find a plain white running shoe!)  Despite some recommendations to buy a 1/2 size up, i bought my regular size and it fits perfectly.  Not sure if this is due to my narrow foot, which seems to work well with Puma's narrow styling.  The shoe is comfortable to wear but i wouldn't choose this for athletics.  The materials are a little stiff and plastic-like and tend to squeak.  Other than that, the shoe meets my needs.
B008AXY38Y Narrow Seemed narrow and tight and I don't consider myself a wide foot.  I had to stop purchasing New Balances because of this.
B008AZD5ZE Cool and Comfortable These shoes are cool looking and comfortable. I was expecting snugness in the toes because PUMA's tend to be narrow, but there was minimal squishing.
B008AZG59W Go larger for a comfy fit I've learned with Pumas to go at least a half size larger than your usual size. I went a whole size bigger with these since the 11.5 wasn't available. But they are still comfy and not too big. Puma running shoes also are sized for a narrow to medium width foot. Light and spongy they are a great sneaker for long on-your-feet work days. Plenty ventilation so stay away from puddles. Pumas also offer great styling and always get compliments.
B008AZLCBI Agreed on narrow toe box, shortish overall I have and very much like a couple of other Puma styles (Faas 250s and the H-Street+) that feel generous in this same size, and have comfortably worn Faas 250s in a half size down, but the Shintai feels shorter and with a narrow toe box, so it's going back. It was comfortable enough during a quick try-on, although I never wore it out to say how it performs. I wasn't too blown away by the look; I'm a sucker for the orange, but the shape seemed puffier on the foot than I prefer. What with my general meh on the shoe, I probably won't bother to order/try on a size up.
B008B0NSKU great looking shoes but really narrow and small i ended up sending these back...i usually wear a womens 8.5 in sports shoes...i have normal width so figured these would be perfect...they are very narrow and my toes were closer then i like...if it hadn't been for the narrowness i would have kept but sent back for the 7.5/9...these work much better but they are still very narrow...shoes look like they are well made and i played in my first game with them and they worked great...price is very reasonable!! just go big!!!
B008BXRZ9W Like them but too narrow I like the look of these shoes and they seem like a great slip-on shoe for a toddler.  Unfortunately I find that Pumas run too narrow, so had to return them.  Won't try Pumas again.
B008BXRZ9W Super cute, but narrow My 2yr old daughter doesnt have wide feet by any means but these ones shes complained about being tight and they do seem pretty narrow. So sadly even though they were cute, she wouldnt wear them.
B008EXQBU8 Puma tends to run a little narrow...know this and order these now! In my experience PUMA runs a little small. From Athletic Flats to Trail Runners, PUMA is consistently on the short and narrow side. Knowing this I ordered a half to full size up. I'm usually a fit 8 or a bloated 8.5 -Yes I retain water in my feet during my special lady time each month. My 9 was an excellent choice.  As far as these Trail Runners, the Faas 300  are as light as any light-weight track sneaker and as traded as any hiking sneaker and most boots Ive ever owned, with great air flow. Light weight and airy with stand out tread and great stability. A woman couldn't ask for a better TR partner...5 Stars but order a half size up!
B008EYO4TW great for narrow feet, perfect, streamlined fit I have narrow feet, and it's hard to buy shoes without laces that don't actually fall off my feet.  These fit very precisely, with no gaping even when your foot is flexed.  I love the mix of textures / materials used.  They're elegant and a little bit casual / sporty at the same time.  Also very comfortable - much more cushioning / padding than most ballet flats.
B008EYO4TW I wanted to love these I was so excited to find flats that were stylish while performing a bit more like a tennis shoe. They looked perfect and were going to be great for wearing on the weekend with my skinny jeans, but they just don't fit right. I noticed that most people said they ran small, so I ordered a 1/2 size up. That was good advice... kind of. I could tell that my normal size would have been too small, but the 1/2 size up didn't fit quite right either. I have a narrow foot and the width was fine, but while they were loose around my heel they were oddly tight in the toe box (even though my toes were not at the very front of the shoe). I could tell that I would have a blister by the end of the day if I tried to make them work. My search continues.
B008EYO4TW i love these shoes great fit and comfortable- mold to fit my narrow feet. I have 3 pairs but unfortunately they are no longer making these shoes
B008EYP1K8 Comfortable Shoe This show is a little different from the Zandy that I usually wear.  The fit on this shoe is a little shorter in length but not too short.  They run narrow which is great as most shoes of this type are way too wide for my foot.  The pink trim is a little brighter than I thought but I have received many compliments on the way they look.  They are great walking shoes and super in the airport to get off and on.  Look great with capris, jeans even dress pants.
B008F063BM love the drift cat I love the style an color of these shoes. I've worn them many times since I purchased them and they don't rub in the heel or squeeze anything uncomfortably. I have narrow heels, so that probably explains why I like them. Other Puma styles are wider in the heel and don't fit me as well, but this one fits great and looks great too!
B008F063BM Hard to find this style in stores I'm really glad that Amazon carries the full leather Pumas - these are the shoes I've been wearing for the past few years, and my workplace requires that you wear closed toe, decently waterproof shoes.  Most of the styles in my local stores (yes, even the local Puma store!) have mesh uppers.  If you have worn Pumas before, check your usual size and go with that, that's what I did.  If you are not sure what size to get, try to go to a store that sells them and try on a few.  Your size in Puma may be different than other brands because they do run a bit narrow.  If you have to get &#34;wide&#34; styles this shoe will not fit you.  I had to wear mine for a few days and break them in but they are very comfortable now.  I also tried on the silver/purple color but I didn't like it too much in person, and the returns were really easy with Amazon. This also makes it easy to try on multiple sizes.
B008F063BM Nice but no way These shoes looked nice right out of the box.  I order up a size from what I wear.  I could not get my feet in them and as it came close, it squeezed my foot so bad I did not try to force them on.  Nice shoes, but way too small and narrow.
B008F063BM Shoes Run narrow I got these shoes for my 12 Year old Daughter, and I even got them a size bigger then what she normally wears so she has a little room to grow into them. Come to fin out the shoes are squeezing her foot pretty tight. They are good in Length, but are VERY narrow! If your child has a wide foot be very careful.
B008F06A5Q Uncomfortable and narrow Great looking shoe, and good service from amazon reseller. For me, there wasn't enough room in the toebox, and I found my toes overlapping in my left foot. No idea if my left food is wider than my right, but this is the first shoe with which I've had this problem. Arch seemed decent, and after a mini-workout inside my house to test them I sadly had to return them because my feet hurt too much.
B008F06A5Q narrow I have been wearing a size 9 shoe for 30 years but in a Puma I have to wear a 9 1/2 because they are so narrow.  Apart from that the shoes are cute, comfortable, love the colors, and they sparkle on top!!  The mesh parts are sparkley!!
B008F06C7C Two Stars very cute shoe but fits very tight. More for a very narrow foot
B008F06KB0 Narrow I have been wearing a size 9 for 30 years but in a Puma shoe I have to go up to 9 1/2 because they are super narrow.  Apart from that they are well made, very comfy and cute.  I work on my feet all day and these hold up.
B008F06T0W Great fit for my fairly wide feet I have trouble finding shoes that fit me since my feet are a little wide (probably a C/D instead of a B). I had been buying Nike shoes but I always had to go up a half to a full size to make room for my feet. Recently, I used a shoe finder on a running website to identify shoes that would work best for my foot size and gait and the Faas 500 was one of the results. It fits perfectly and the colors are really cute! I'm difficult to please when it comes to running shoe design, but these are really great.
B008F06T0W Narrow It was too narrow for my B wide foot.  I ended giving them to my daughter who is a true 8 and she loves them.
B008F06T0W Returned them! I really wanted to like these shoes especially because of all the color choices however I returned mine after wearing for only 1 day. They are extremely uncomfortable and stiff, makes for an unpleasant walking/running experience. I have a narrow foot and these run really wide plus the top portion of where the laces are is so stiff that you can barely bend your foot. Exchanged mine for the FAAS 300 V3 and love them!
B008F0KUOS NICE SHOES!!!!! Toe box slightly narrow/Love the shoe and color will purchase the otherones as well. Thanks prompt and speedy serviece! Thanks!!
B008F17R2K Light shoes, feels like they were made well & are comfortable! I love these shoes, I've had them for about 2 weeks and they are extremely comfy & well made for the price.Great to work out & run in.They are a bit narrow if you have a wide foot though.
B008F17R2K If you have narrow feet these might work Since I don't have narrow feet these hurt... and hurt just as much 6 months later... wish I would have sent these back. Wanted to give them time fit to my foot, but shouldn't have. If they fit the cushion when running seems to absorb very well....
B008F17R2K Nice shoes Very comfortable run alil small so make sure to go up a size  could be narrow if u have wide feet
B008F17R2K Narrow Shoes I agree with the reviews that state these shoes are narrow. I think that they run small both in width and in length. The first time that I wore them outside the house was at a concert. I had to stand up for a few hours. My feet almost went numb. The shoe quality is fine, but I would definitely go up a full size on these shoes and if your feet are D width, they won't fit.
B008F17R2K FIts well, looks good Nice shoe that I plan to use as a casual sneaker rather than as my dedicated running shoes.  They look and feel good.  The 13 fits my feet reasonably well, which usually wear 12s and are mildly narrow.
B008F17R2K Too narrow in width Attractive in style but kinda narrow in the fit. Guess I'll keep them and hope the width will stretch a little.
B008F17R2K A very nice shoe.  It does run small though. I got these shoes to workout and run a bit to get back into shape.  After choosing this shoe, I read the reviews and saw the comments about the sizing.  I typically wear a size 11, but ordered a 12 after reading the reviews, and the 12 fits perfectly.Some have made comments about them being extremely narrow, but either they got an off-shoe or else their feet are wider than they think because this fit is not narrow.Now, that said, maybe someone who ordered their normal size thinks they are narrow, which could be the case, so that could be it.  I would give yourself at least a half and probably a full size extra if your feet are normal width.All that said, I love the shoes, they look good and feel good.
B008F17R2K Looks: good They look good and they are a little snug if you have a wide foot as I do. To counter the narrow fit just wear some thin ankle running socks. Overall nice shoes for $34.
B008F17R2K Nice shoe However it is a little narrow compared to my other running shoes and might take a little longer to break in.
B008F17R2K Too small and narrow I like that it's light but the size runs too small and narrow and my feet just didn't have enough room so had to return them.
B008F17R2K narrow too narrow at the end and the sole could've been wider as well. sent them an e-mail if it's possible to change this but the shoes are pre-set.
B008F17R2K Super Narrow for a running shoe After reading the reviews about this shoe running small I ordered this an entire size larger than I would normally wear. They were comfortable except they were very narrow and practically squished my foot to the point I could no longer wear them. I returned them to amazon for full refund.It's too bad to because they seemed like a very good looking and comfortable shoe.  I am not sure what is going on with Puma lately but my feet have not changed sizes in 15 years but their shoes have gotten much narrower.I recommend trying these on in a store first if you can find them (not one store near me carried them).
B008F17R2K Love these sneaks! They look and feel great on my feet.  I was a bit worried because some reviews stated they were small or narrow... This is simply not the case.. They fit perfect!
B008F17R2K The narrow fit is very uncomfortable My job requires me to stand most of the time and I thought this would give caution but the narrow fit starts to show and my feet start to hurt. All the corners start to hurt. But when I go to school it's comfortable enough cuz I don't have to stand that long.
B008F17R2K comfortable and supportive, yet very narrow These shoes felt comfortable, really light, and have great cushioning, however they were extremely narrow and I could not run for more than a minute before they started to pinch my feet.  I ended up returning them.  If they made a wide version, I'd certainly consider buying it.
B008F17R2K Like the looks, but not the feel. I have had many pairs of Pumas in the past, but this is my first pair of their running shoes.  My initial impression is that I love the look, but the feel is disappointing.  Many people have commented on how narrow they are, but I have a narrow foot so no problem there.  My two main issues are the weight and stiffness.  They look light and flexible, but feel heavy and rigid.  They also reach a little higher up on my achilles, and managed to rub a couple of nasty blisters on my first use.  I'm hoping that over time they become a bit more flexible.  If not, I will think twice before buying another pair of running shoes from Puma.
B008F17R2K Very comfortable, but narrow if that's an issue I've gone for a few runs in these shoes and I have to say that they are damn comfy. By the numbers they weight 1.5oz lighter than a pair of $110 Nike's I bought a few years ago at a local running shop.Only complaint I have is that on the last run, I did get a little bit of rubbing on my Achilles tendon, but this was partially do the socks as well.i have medium-wide feet (or at least, i think I do) and these fit snuggly on the width, but wider feet wouldn't be happy.In all great shoes, especially for the price.
B008F17R2K Almost a great shoe. Me:  30+ years of running; &#62; 50,000 miles.  Flat feet, and worn out toes.So I need a wide toe box.I ordered these shoes size 10 rather than my usual 9.5.Length is perfect, but the toe box is a tad too narrow.I get some toe numbness after 3 miles; so these are not my go to pair for longer distances.But well built, looks great, light wt, excellent cushioning.
B008F17R2K Hurts my feet Got this online against my better judgement. The shoes were a little tight right out of the box and expectedly, walking soon gets my feet numb. I usually buy shoes in this size 10.5 D. it's not the manufacturers' fault though, the shoes are well made and have an excellent feel when walking; its just that some things you try in person before you buy. This is one of them. I think I would have had a better experience if I had tried a wide width shoe instead.
B008F17R2K So, few weeks on this... Weird I thought it was too narrow initially, then my head said, omg, those reviewers were right! Then I loosen the shoe lace, then I was like, OMG, those reviewers were wrong! Then I ran on it. Then I was like omg, this shoes sucks.The front is too narrow, for even medium. The construction is mean to be destroyed, and there is lack of front toe cushion (which is important point!) and you tend to walk funny.I can loosen the shoe laces (that's done in reverse - gives you more room), for when I go out, but this isn't made for exercising for sure.Reebok Nano 2 and 3 is what you want to buy, unless you want more color optional choices for going out and about in the town. In that case, this shoes works beautifully.
B008F17R2K Pretty narrow than the normal Medium Shoes I bought this online - 11 US. The quality of the shoe is good and good style. However, the shoe is pretty narrow compared to other Medium width shoes. So if you have somewhat broad feet do not go for this.
B008F17R2K These shoes are WAY too narrow to fit most guys, I would think. These shoes have to be made for women as they are way too narrow to fit most guys. I've never seen shoes this narrow being sold to fit men.
B008F17R2K Too narrow I had not tried Puma in a long time. The toe box was way to narrow, will not purchase Puma again.
B008F17R2K Unimpressed I don't normally write reviews, but am making an exception.Shoes run small and are too narrow. I shouldn't have to read reviews to find this out. The materials look and feel cheap.  How are these rated so highly?  ...Not sure how people find these shoes comfortable.  To each his own, I guess, but I would rather spend a little more a nd have something that wears and looks a lot better than these shoes.Easily the most disappointing purchase I have ever made through Amazon, and I buy a lot of stuff sight unseen on the internet.
B008F17R2K Beautiful shoes Read the reviews, glad I did. Bought 1/2 size larger than normal - fits perfectly, but they do run narrow. Shoes look good and feel great.Very light and breathable, just remember to upsize. At this price point now is the time to act..
B008F17R2K great looking shoe but is a narrow fit around toes the shoe is not like puma's other shoes its a very tight toe, if you have flat wide feet this is not for you but if you have flat feet that are narrow its great.
B008F17R2K Too Narrow !! I don't know why my feet are hot when I wear them , and it's too narrow from frontI visited a Shoemaker , and I explained the problem , they Inflate them from the front via a machine they have itnow it's not bad but also not good
B008F17R2K Very narrow. Know Puma's rep for being extremely narrow so I bought a size bigger than usual. Even then it took two or three wearings to get to the level of quite comfortable. Solidly made sneaker with great looks. Would buy again.
B008F17R2K Funky heel Fit is okay, but the heal is narrow and there is a bit of an uncomfortable bump on both feet.  Look good though.
B008F17R2K Order half to one size larger on advice of friends who love this shoe, did order half size larger - and full might work tooas I have narrow feet the shoe fits well as it does for those wider feet than me
B008QX8VWM Worst Shoe Ever Too narrow and the most uncomfortable shoe I ever wore on a golf course!! Ricky Fowler must be getting a lot of money to wear these shoes. Went back to Nikes
B008QY0KMK True to Size Styling These golf shoes I would say fit true to the size of your athletic/running shoe sizing.  I usually wear an 8.5 in most athletic/running shoes, but and 8 in most casual/dress shoes.I decided to go with an 8 because I prefer a  more cozy fit in golf shoe as to minimize any movement in the shoe during a swing.  The to box is rather narrow and comes to a point in this shoe though, so it was cozy bordering on uncomfortable for all day wear, and I have narrow feet as is.Bumped up to an 8.5 and fits much better.
B008QY0KMK Look great and feel great! I bought this pair of PUMA's knowing how great my previous PUMA soccer cleats felt in the past. After 36 holes on the first day of wearing them, not one blister was visible on my feet. Highly recommend these, but keep in mind, if you have wide feet you may want to look elsewhere. They run a bit narrow but conform perfectly to any normal sized foot.
B008QY0KMK Best golf shoe around! I saw that Puma released these shoes in March 2013 for $200 and I thought to myself, &#34;Those must be amazing.&#34; 5 months went by and I noticed that Amazon had them for $92! So I hopped on them as soon as I saw that.  Glad I did.  Got them within 2 days and they are very comfortable.  Very nice support, soft liner around the ankle, and a nice classic look. They look great with whatever you are wearing.I am usually a size 10- 10.5 and I purchased a 10 and they fit just right.  I know from having 4 pairs of Puma golf shoes and running shoes that Puma, in general, run a bit smaller than most brands.  They also run a bit more narrow than most.  I have fairly narrow feet so these fit fine on me.  However, I'm sure on others they would be a bit small.  I would recommend getting a half size larger than you normally do.
B008QY0MWS Right length but too narrow. It grips well and cushions well beneath my feet but my pinky toe is smashed up against the side because it's a bit narrow and I can't wear it all day because of that.
B008QY0MWS Sharp shoes, run maybe 1/2 size small Very sharp shoes. Nice. I'm very pleased... but indeed in my experience they are about 1/2 size smaller than other shoes of mine. Anf they are for a narrow foot (which was perfect for me).
B008QY0MWS Look good and feel good The shoes fit and look great. I've already been asked a few times where I got them. The fit true to size, I'm a size 14, but are a bit narrow in the toe. So if you have a really wide foot they may not work for you.
B008QY0MWS good but narrow The only reason i do not give 5 stars is that they are narrow . Took a couple outings to break them in.
B008QY0MWS BEWARE: Narrower Than Medium Width I wear a 10M on the dot.  Nike, Adidas, Asics, you name it. Always a 10.  My foot if average width.  These shoes are NARROW. I read the reviews and ordered a 10.5 and it's still slightly too narrow. Had to go to an 11 to get the width right but 11 is an inch longer shoe than all my size 10 shoes and so they feel awkward/clumsily big walking in them.  Too bad.  They are really nice looking shoes.  If you have really narrow feet, the size should be true to size for you.  For us average width medium size feet though, going one size bigger just for width though when no length is needed is just trying to put a square peg in a round whole.
B008QY0MWS Shoe size not as advertised.  Return policy sucks I ordered these shoes in a 7 D, the size I have worn on my small wide feet my whole life.  They were anything but.  I could hardly get my foot in the shoe, and when I did, the heel was way too wide (hmm maybe this is where they come by the advertised "wide" width).  I tried wearing them on a round of golf and got a blister on the bottom of my foot and heal, so I went back to Amazon and said I wanted to return them.  Unlike the stated Amazon policy of "all shoes can be returned at no cost," the sub, Hurricane Golf, terms were anything but.  I pay the return shipping cost - $18.75.  In addition, I pay $6.75 restocking fee and must return them in the condition they came in (guess I'm not supposed to have tried them on).  I spent half an hour retuning the shoes to brand new condition.  I have just learned from Hurricane Golf, the Amazon sub, that they do not consider these new and will not accept the return. I STRONGLY ADVISE YOU, if you are considering ordering from this vendor, BEWARE.  Sizes are not as advertised, and the return policy is not standard Amazon.
B008QY0MWS great looking, buy larger than normal shoe size as they are narrow I bought them 1/2 size larger, and still they fit a little tight. They are stretching because of the leatherwhich is good. wearing them around the office to break them in. They are very comfortable even though they are snug,
B008QY0MWS Don't buy if you have wide foot... I have a bit of a wide foot and the are somewhat narrow...but the look great.  Puma quality and feel shows.
B008QY0MWS great looking shoes I love the look of the shoes but they are a little to narrow in the toes. overall i like this product.
B008QY0MWS I like the shoe but the size is a bit narrow and feels tight at the front of the foot, I do have a wide foot.
B008QY0MWS Size Runs very small The golf shoe is excellent and well built, lightweight with great color but the size runs way too small. it is narrow so if you have a wide foot dont both ordering. you will also need to order a half size bigger than your normal average shoe sie too as it is narrow in the toe too.
B008QY0TJO Puma golf shoes These pumas are about a half size larger than the usual Puma fit, and are wider in the toe. I have a narrow foot so have always ordered the more narrow fit. But I like the wider toe feel, gives me more stability.
B008QY1X0S Not bad Super comfortable right outta the box. 1st pair of Puma's, they are a little wide for my narrow foot around the arc but still fit good.
B008QY1X0S Lackluster Just came back from the driving range with these shoes. I have not played a full round of golf in them. However, I just want everyone to know that these shoes run at least half size too small. Although it is attractive from the side, it's a bit bulky and awkward looking from top. The toe box is extremely narrow for me even though I generally prefer narrow toe boxes. There are better golf shoes out there for $80. I am returning these today.
B008QY1X0S overall it's a good shoe, but slightly small for me. it's relatively ok, but not nicely finished. The front part is slightly narrow so it hurts a little bit. I have to change my shocks.
B008QY1X0S Might fit you? Ordered wide in my size. While wide in the heel and mid foot area, these were too tight in the toe box. Surprisingly narrow. Bummer to have USPS miss me for drop off, then have to go to post office. Now they don't fit despite getting a wide. ( I usually fit a new balance D ). Another trip to post office, #2, and I should have gone to a store to save time. Have to look up return procedures with amazon for shoes. Go try on some shoes somewhere!
B008QY1X0S Very comfortable Used them twice so far and very comfortable! A little wide but fits me perfect because my foot is a little wide.
B008QY1X0S Too Narrow I liked the design but the shoe was way too narrow and they didn't have it in a wider size. Therefore, I had no choice but to return it
B008QY1X0S A bit narrow The shoe is a bit narrow and small so I'd recommend ordering a size bigger.Still a light shoe, though, and good for those card-less rounds!
B008QY1X0S Comfortable Shoes Size is as it should be for me.  Very comfortable and light shoe.  I like how it stays tight on my foot during the entire round and no double knots required.  I have a narrow foot and this shoe is just a bit wide for me, only reason for 4 stars, and I'm not sure that's fair since I do have a narrow foot.  Anyway overall very good value.
B008QY3N5Q A little narrow but nice! I do like these shoes, but I don't feel it is truly a wide shoe. I purchased a pair of Etonic shoes the same size and they are noticeably wider. Wearing the Puma shoes for a round of golf wasn't a bad experience, but had I been walking when playing I think I would have had some discomfort.
B008QY3N5Q Men need wide shoes Beautiful pair of shoes, however the medium width just didn't cut it.  The wide width shoes, if you can find them get sold out very fast.  I don't understand why manufacturers just don't get it!
B008RB3A1A too narrow as for the same size I wear nice but too narrow, I had to stretch those.Nice design, comfortable . the only thing I do not like that those are very narrow and it hurts my feet
B008VQ01M2 Cool Version of the Desert Boot Love the subtle Mini Cooper design cues - bought them to drive along my new Mini but now find myself wearing them all the time. They're comfortable, albeit a little narrow. Get them 1/2 size bigger them what you normally wear because they are Euro sized and run a little smaller. All around comfy, casual desert boot-like shoe.
B008VUJBLA Hoping A bit narrow but I have fat feet, hopefully the stretch quickly, the red is not as bright as I had hoped for either, but I've been looking forever for a new red pair of shoes.
B008VUJBLA OUCH!!!.....very very narrow This was quite upsetting to me because I NEVER have a prob ordering shoes online~simply because my feet are normal & very predictable in buying shoes on line! I wear a women's size 8B-8.5B=a boys big kid 6.5M..& this size in Reebok & Nike fit like a glove! Puma must run very NARROW in the toe area cuz I wore them once & about crawled home after walking 1/2 a block! I am returning these for 1/2 size larger~hoping a boys size 7 will fit my toe area in width. My feet are a reg M width~don't buy these if you have any issues with wide feet! I can't wait to get the boys 7..these shoes are very beautiful rich red suede..I will follow up later with my review on my new exchange!!!*****UPDATE Today is 12/18/2013..wanted to let you all know that my size 7 big kids fit AWESOME!!! 6.5 boys=7.5B women's 7.0 boys=8.0B women's shoe. I went up from 6.5 to 7.0 1/2 size up for a great fit for an 8.0B women's!!!
B0097YHQ16 Great pair! These are so adorable. They are a bit narrow but just fit snug, not enough reason to return them :) I LOVE the colors!
B009AMOWAS exact fit before wash These socks will remain in place on my feet all day with or without shoes. The only issue I have is the inside thread will sometimes snag a toenail when putting the socks on. I wear a size 13 and these barely fit my narrow feet. I would purchase these socks again if needed and I would recommend to others without large feet.
B009FD2LM8 Love pumas Pumas are great for me. They fit my feet perfectly. I am size 14, but I have narrow feet.  Always happy with pumas. They're very lightweight. Good for running and lifting.
B009FDO3U6 OK Although it looks pretty good, I could tell that after a couple of months of running in it, that the sole would detach from the shoe. You can really see the glue that someone put to attach the sole. And, it's for people with NARROW/SLIM feet. It's worth $40.
B009FDPVRK Too narrow. The shoe is very lightweight and is otherwise very nice, but only fits if you have a narrow foot.  Had to return it.
B009FDPVRK no sizing issue I have no complaints with this shoe, but I've been wearing pumas long enough to know how and when to alter my size selection for the best fit.  I have a pretty narrow foot so for me these were excellent.
B009FLISB8 Awesome shoes! They feel good not to narrow or too wide. They are very stylish and look good. I am using them everyday!
B009FLISB8 great driving shoes These shoes are a little narrow, but, after putting on some strecth juice really good to drive in. The color scheme is so cool I am doing my car with matching colors
B009FLISB8 Good design, but too narrow and small The design is good..but the shoe is too small n narrow....you have to buy +1 size than your original size...
B009FLJ68M aweome very happy with  purchase. they are narrow so if you have wide feet they will be tight. Great driving shoe
B009FM3NPI Nice looking shoe, run a little small though Really nice lloking show with surprisingly good traction in the snow.  I have had many pairs of Pumas throughout the years and while I love the style and the durability of them, they do seem to fit differently across every different line I get.  These were no exception.  These shoes run a little narrow (and I have narrow feet by most measurements) and they are a tad snug.  Mind you they are not snug enough to warrant a return and I am sure they will break in a little with more wear.  They were a really good deal and I look forward to a couple of really great years with these shoes.
B009FM3NPI great shoe It's a Puma! What can I say...other than it's slightly narrow this is the bomb of athletic casual shoes! I'm jealous Puma! I'm an inventor. Wish I came up with the Drift Cat Ferrari series!
B009FM3XO4 Ver narrow My legs are thin and have a narrow foot. This was small even for my narrow feet. Length wise it is ok. Width is not. That i why I gave a 3
B009FM5D60 Nice shoe, not good for wide feet If you have EEEE wide feet (not common, but I happen to be one of those people), this shoe will not fit you.  the Puma S and Puma Clydes will though.
B009FM64EK Great shoe just not for me. These shoes are very nice and built well. The only problem I have is with its width. I own several pairs of Puma sneakers and am aware they tend to run narrow for big guys. I took a shot and missed. I'm an 11 1/2 with a 4 inch wide foot so its not the shoes fault. I did keep them however and gave them to my brother in law who has narrower 11 1/2 feet and they fit him fine.I bought these shoes on Amazon for $30.00 with free shipping and see the price has jumped dramatically.
B009FM6GKM sick shoes, too narrow My foot is an EE in boots (3.8in width), so these did not fit my feetawesome shoes though, if not a bit narrow
B009FMR6D8 Four Stars good shoe but very narrow
B009FN5ZT4 Normally I love pumas...... The shoes are alright.  Like other reviews said its a little narrow through the foot.  Not too uncomfortable but you do notice it.
B009FN614C narrow NOT for wide feet at all. I love puma stuff, but dang it, nothing ever fits wide feet. thats why i go with Nike.
B009FN614C Adorable These are adorable but I find they run about 1/2 size too narrow for me at the toe. If you usually need to order your shoes in wide sizes I'd even recommend ordering a full size up.
B009FN6NRW I love the look of Puma sneakers! I love Puma shoes but this style is a bit narrow. I can still wear them fine but my previous pair was a bit wider. I guess it may have been a different style?
B009FN6NRW Good for people with narrow feet I like the shoes but they are a bit narrow and by the end of the day my feet hurt and I hardly did any walking during the day .
B009FN6NRW Well Made These shoes are very well made.  I had to return them - too narrow.  If they came in a wide size, I would buy them in a heart beat!
B009FNNAT6 Narrow I really love Zandy's. I have a couple older pairs that I wear all the time. I've ordered several pairs recently though, and they've all been too narrow. I think they changed the fit of the shoe. Either that or it's just the mesh version ran wider because my fave pairs all have mesh where this pair has the gray fabric.
B009FNNFC8 Narrow but fun Really narrow for a Puma.  I have a million Puma ballet style shoes, love the fit, style and durability.  As a retail girl I need it to look sharp and be ready to move.  I live the color and I can still wear them, but they're more of a 5-6 hour shoe
B009G1T35M a little narrow I do have a wide foot but these shoes are a little narrower than most.  The shoe is black (it looks a little grey in the picture.)  Overall it will be okay for work once they get a little more stretched out.
B009G1T5YG Cool looking shoe but runs narrow Very narrow shoe at the widest point of my foot.  These don't fit like my other pumas, which I've always worn and never had a problem. They are Awesome looking shoes so it was disappointing that they don't fit.
B009G1T5YG great for summer I like wearing bright shoes especially in the summer and these are just right. The purple is deep but the swoosh gives them a nice kick up. They generally fit but Pumas tend to run slightly narrow. They don't come in wide so you don't have a choice but they are slightly narrow. I'd give it 4 1/2 stars.
B009G1T5YG Good looking shoes It is a good looking shoes, it is not heavy. It just feel hard on my sole....and not very bendable. it is true to size but a little bit narrow. Maybe I need to buy Gel sole so it will feel better when I am wearing it....
B009G1T5YG Looks tacky, like a cheap plastic shoe Not only it looks like a tacky plastic shoe, it was very small, I ordered it about 1 point bigger than my feet size and came small and very narrow
B009G1U2XE Made for women with very narrow feet. The shoes are very cute, I love the colors, but they are way too narrow. By the end of the day, my toes are numb. This shoe is not for someone with wide, or even normal width feet. For narrow feet only.
B009G1U2XE Style cute I love these sneakers. I am a size 7 narrow and these hug my foot great with wiggle room for my toes. I where these often and they are great for all ventures. Gym, walking, etc....
B009G1U2XE Love the color and look This are bright and fun, I get lots of compliments on them! I bought them to run in, but they run small, narrow toe and not comfortable to run in. Great to just wear out and about.
B009GZS6OW A great shoe Of all the shoes I've owned over time, these are tied with the best for me. I purchased them again, having had them prior. They're pretty lightweight, sturdy, and the bottoms are relatively thin(so you have some feeling of the ground under you) but tough enough that they don't seem to wear down very quickly.It's worth noting that these shoes are styled relatively narrow and don't give you much moving room inside, so if most other brand shoes fit snug on your feet, or if you have a wide foot, these will likely feel constraining.
B009KRMGFQ a little pointy... The toes to these are just a tad more narrow than I anticipated. it makes a significant crease in the material when she wears them, so ill just save them until her feet grow a little more.
B009KUEOFS A little narrow, but very cute These shoes are a little narrow near the toe, but they stretched out nicely after a few wears. They are adorable and seem to be made with high quality materials and workmanship.
B009MNYG1U SIZING NOT 'TRUE' ... A great looking shoe, well-made, but sizes NOT true ... what they call a 12M is more like an 11.5, and kind of narrow.  If the shoe came in a wide size, that would remedy the issue. Unfortunately, I had no choice but to return them ... and my return was processed quickly.
B009MNYG1U Puma's Im somewhat satisfied with these shoes.  Have not worn them out yet but they fit and look good with coordinated clothes which was my intended use for these shoes.  I was skeptical that they would fit since I have wide feet.  These are kind of a narrow shaped shoe but they are still pretty comfortable.  I hope I can say the same thing once I wear them out to an all day event.
B009MO0E2Y Hated to return it -so cute Loved the sneaker but too narrow for my foot & squeezed my toes too much.  I wear a size 8 Med. 7.5 was long enough but too narrow.
B009MO0E2Y I bought one size smaller than usual - ( note I have a narrow foot) because I had read a reviewer's accurate comment on size...... that is why I now review ...I love them a lot, tho&#34; astonished at the electric acid yellow when the photo showed acid green on my computer as it does now...But they are still great & the first day I wore them 2 gorgeous, chic young ladies in elevator remarked on my shoes!!  I am a senior, senior!
B009R9D60G Sweeetness Looks great and feels great. Doesn't run as narrow as some of my past Puma's. I may order another color.
B009SCY9AI These shoes are awesome. I have 11.5 feet and that is the size I ordered.  These fit perfectly, although I should point out that I have narrow feet.I love driving with these shoes!  Whenever I wear anything else I feel like I don't have any precision on my pedals.  Heel-toeing is so easy with these shoes on.  They are also really light.The materials are very nice and the colors look amazing.  I wear these all day, every day, and even though they have a super thin sole, they have held up very well.  I did get them soaking wet while watching a football game and they were discolored for a week or so, but they bounced back by just drying them and wearing them.Just buy these, they are stylish and great driving shoes!
B009YTOUI6 Holding up well, the fit is a little narrow. These are stylish and well made cleats. I only rate them a 4 due to the slightly narrow fit; my son truly has an average width foot, but these are a little tight. By all indications, these should last at least through 2 soccer seasons (unless my son outgrows them first).
B00A000RO4 They actually fit!! I have extremely narrow feet and have a very difficult time finding shoes that are comfortable and narrow enough. I read all the reviews on this shoe and thought why not try it. The price was right and I like the look of them.  I ordered a 1/2 size up and the shoes fit really well; in fact, they are almost too narrow. That's why I didn't give the purchase 5 stars.
B00A008HR8 Great look! I love the sporty and young look of these shoes! My feet are on the wide side of normal but my regular size 9 fit just fine but I don't think I can wear them the whole day since they are narrow. I look and feel great the few hours I wear them though!
B00A008HR8 Like the little wedge it has right size and is comfortable. The little wedge gives you height. I have wide feet so it runs a little narrow.
B00A008HR8 too narrow I give these shoes two stars, one-they look nice and elegant on the feet, the other-they are very light and don't have a thick insulation, what makes 'em wonderful summer shoes. Alas... I had to return 'em because they feel very tight, they don't have a traditional sneakers roominess -feel more like dress shoes. The other think I didn't like is the heel, it's looks too thin from the back, what, for my opinion, spoils the athletic look. If you have narrow feet and looking for comfortable and dressy shoes then these sneakers are good choice.
B00A008HR8 Love them I really love these little shoes. The first time I tried them on, they felt very narrow (I have a medium width foot). But after wearing for a couple of hours, they loosened up and now they fit just right. The extra heel height makes them more comfortable than flats, easy on the foot and ankle, no stretching of calf. Probably not a good choice for jogging :), but great for tooling around. As someone with flare ups of plantar fasciitis, this is the ideal heel height, plus they are super cool looking too. One of my favorites!
B00A008HR8 Narrow fit Having ordered Pumas in the past. found them to be a great comfortable shoe.  However, disappointing, these Wedge Sneakers have a very narrow fit and had to return.
B00A008HR8 Fun shoes The shoes are cool. They are quite narrow. I have a wide foot and am used to shoes feeling tight but these are xtra narrow and I cant take them off unless I untie them everytime.
B00A008HR8 Very comfy The fit is great ! I have a narrow foot and most sneakers are very bulky, but not these.  I love them. The only thing is they are not really blue, more of a purple color but still cute.
B00A008HR8 uncomforable shoe I can't remember when I have tried on a more uncomfortable shoe.  They are too narrow (I do not have a wide foot).  Maybe a child could them, and not feel the pain.  The soles are hard.  I don't know what else I can say.  They are totally uncomfortable.
B00A0HDGAO Shoe runs small These shoes seem to run a little small and narrow. I had to return the first pair and get a size bigger than normal. The shoe looks great but probably won't purchase again because they are very narrow.
B00AI1VTF6 puma golf footwear I like the shoes.  I have a narrow foot which makes finding a golf shoe somewhat difficult but when I put an insert in they were very comfortable.  I like that they are have no spikes.  Would recommend these.
B00AJFUAKG Fits the bill I've been walking the dirt trails near my house for several years wearing various shoes and boots. Recently I stared Nordic Walking and increased my pace so I thought that I needed a shoe designed for trail walking. I've always liked Puma because they run narrow and I have a B-C width foot. These are narrow, too, but not a true C width. They lace up tightly, have good rocker and flexibility to the sole and good cushioning in the heel. The sole tread pattern grips nicely.I've been using them daily for about a month and they fit snugly and are very comfortable.Yes, they are every bit as ugly in person but that seems to be the current trend in athletic shoes.
B00AOAQAJG Cute casual retro sneaker. Cute casual retro sneaker.  Run a little narrow in the toe but I was still able to fit my normal size.
B00AOAQAJG These shoes run narrow I have a wide foot, but many sneakers will fit if I add a half size.  The added half size didn't help, so I returned them.  They're real cute though and the height of the heel is perfect for creating an arch for my flat feet.
B00AOAQAJG I haven't been this excited about shoes in years! These fit like a glove! I have narrow feet and shoes are usually too wide for them. Not these! My feet look narrow and not so big (size 10 in the red and 9.5 in the grey). I prefer the size 10, even though most shoes in my closet nowadays are a 9.5.Comfort wise, these last all day. Which I was hesitant a heeled, fashion-like shoe would not. They are just the right height for my jeans to touch the ground, but not drag. The heel isn't so flashy that it screams &#34;look at me&#34; when I cross my legs. Which is good, cause who needs to know I have that little bit of extra height?I have two pairs, if I had the room, I'd buy more! The color is spot on. Just the right amount of brightness without being too stand out. The array that's offered is amazing. My biggest problem was choosing the color scheme.
B00AOAQAJG tight Lengthwise is normal, but it fits narrow in the toe area.A great-looking casual sneaker overall. Will not return this item.
B00AOCAP9A Great shoe Lightweight, airy, comfortable!  Great for the gym.  Stylish. I would recommend to anyone with more narrow feet.  Perfect fit !
B00AOCDNJ4 A bit narrow. I purchased these based on other reviews. I normally wear Asics, but the shoe I love is no longer available. I tried two other Asics shoes and was disappointed. I need a cross trainer that not only supports in the heel but also at the sides to avoid shifting from side to side. While these are lightweight and offer both the heel and sidewall support, I found them to be a bit narrow and was getting pains on the top of my foot. I was able to adjust the laces wide enought so that I don't get the foot pain, but they aren't as comfortable as I had hoped. Also, I knew they were bright but they are really NEON for those of you who don't like bright, these aren't for you.
B00AOCE7IA Love PUMAS! I ordered these shoes for my CNA (1) class. I have noticed by other comments that these shoes fit large, so I ordered a size 7 (I normally wear a size 7.5) and they fit perfect! I love them! these shoes are a bit narrow for people with very narrow feet (like me). Also, I have noticed on the shoes that the laces are kind of like ribbon type material, for some people that is a problem, but for me it is not a problem because I am able to make the shoes very tight! the shoes are very comfy, but definitely need to be broken into first before a 8 hour shift! lastly, my friend had ordered these shoes for her CNA class after seeing my shoes, she has extremely long and narrow feet (normally wears a size 9), and ordered a size 8.5 and they were a perfect fit! Hope this helps!!
B00AOCE7IA Soles are TOO narrow!!! The sneakers were VERY narrow! So narrow that even the soles were narrow and felt as if I were walking on a ruler the whole time. They also bowed out at the top when I tied them.
B00AOCE7IA Crushes the top of your foot. The vamp which covers the top of the foot crushes your foot.  Perhaps that's what dancing shoes are like I don't know.  But know I can't wear these.
B00AOCE7IA fit true to size for me so Im usually a 7-7 1/2 in all my shoes/sneakers. This was no exception. I do have somewhat narrow feet so that could be the reason why I did not have to size up like many of the other reviewers. I have had this for over 2-3 months now and it is still looking good as new. Well it does have some creases now haha but thats to be expected. Definitely not real leather, but thats good for me. Ive used this sneaker as a everyday sneaker walking a mile in them and recently as a work out sneaker to do cardio and not once has my feet ever felt uncomfortable in them. I will definitely buy from this brand again in other colors. The sleek and feminine look goes so well with skinny jeanss mmmmm, Thanks Puma!
B00AOCE7IA not so snug I would return These shoes are a little narrow through the ball of the foot, but not enough that I would consider going up a size. They are leather and may give a little with wear. Tried them out for my Zumba class yesterday and didn't once squeak as my shoe caught on the gym floor. So they are helping me accomplish my goal of a more effective workout!
B00AOCE7IA Very wide in the heels After seeing some, not so cute, dance/Zumba shoes I was happy to find these.  I have 2 other pairs of Puma shoes, so, I ordered the size of my 2 other pairs.  They seem to run a bit larger than my others.  Especially, in the heels.  They are a bit stiff as well.  If you have narrow heels, do not order these.  I tried putting inserts in them and they were still too wide in the back.  I would have returned them, but, I wore them twice, to hopefully see if they got any better.
B00AOCE7IA Narrow fit Very narrow and arch not great Also, not as comfy as I would have liked them to be. I gave away to my daughter.
B00AOCE7IA Puma Pivot Shoes I like the design of this shoe except for they tend to run a little on the narrow side. My feet are wide,so I wish they weren't as narrow, but they are great to dance in.
B00AOD2OQ6 Great fit, comfy shoe The cabanas fit exactly as expected even with a wider foot. Much better than the narrow puma models that seemed to squish your toes.
B00AOD2OQ6 Fits narrow - Just Like Expected Previous reviews noted that this shoe runs narrow.  I wear a narrow width, and sure enough, this shoe fits perfectly.  I'm retired, live at the beach, and wear flip-flops most of the time.  So these PUMA's are my going-out shoes.  Very light, and extremely comfortable.  Very pleased, and would buy again.
B00AOD8YMO hurt my foot The inner sole on my right foot was painful based on this design. I sent them back. Seemed narrow on one foot.
B00AOD9COS They glow in the dark, but a little narrow They are cool shoes, but run narrow for width M.  Awesome that they glow.  Wish adult shoes could be fun like kid shoes that blink; but at least I get a cool glow at night.  :)  They do get dirty really quick, too.
B00AODTEZA Narrow fit The shoe looks as good in real time as it does on the picture.  The major draw back for me is that the shoe is narrow and I have flat feet.  Binds and is not comfortable as a running shoe for me.  For those of you with narrow feet, would be a great purchase.
B00AODTEZA Nice shoes but too narrow I liked the looks, weight and construction of the shoes, but they were too narrow at the forefoot so I had to return them. Too bad.
B00AODTEZA Nice Shoes But Narrow Toe Box I like the shoes.  The length is good (14).  The shoes look nice and have very good support and cushioning.  Unfortunately, the toe box is entirely too narrow for my feet.  I have Nike, Brooks, Asics, Addidas, K-Swiss, New Balance, and others.  These are the narrowest of any shoe I have ever had.  If they were wider I'd really like them but I had to send them back.
B00AODVKJI looks nice If you have a wide foot don't buy these.  The are narrow.  They just barely fit me, width-wise.  I have to wear thin socks to make it work.  Otherwise comfortable.
B00AODVKJI Looks and feels great! This was my second pair. They look great and feel great. They still tend to run a little on the narrow side. I ordered size 12 and runs true to size. So if you have a real wide foot it will be real tight. Don't bother, you would be wasting your time and $$.
B00AODW9HA Shoe quality I love puma shoes and they look great just a little narrow so it makes them a little tight but they are great
B00AODW9HA Three stars for looks! How can these fit men?! I got these; being female; and wayyyy to narrow for me. Mid foot as well as toe box. But they are really nice looking and quality made. PUMA needs to start understanding they need to make sneakers a bit wider; they all tend to run narrow mid-foot! And toe box!  Look nice; do not fit!
B00AOE059S Would buy another pair! Great looking, good fitting, very comfortable shoes. I have a very narrow foot these shoes hug my foot just the way I like. I have wore them to the gym squatting 405, dead lifting 365 and have found no problems. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who wants a good looking useful shoe!
B00AOE059S Not True to Size These shoes run narrow and small.  I would recommend atleast a 1/2 size larger than what you wear.  I do not have large feet or wide feet, so the fact that they felt narrow is hard to imagin who they would fit.  I actually asked my wife if I had ordered ladies shoes.
B00AOE059S Good value for the price This shoe has reasonable support and styling.  Some colors are very inexpensive so I feel like I got my money's worth.  It seems pretty narrow to me.  I have a just a little wider than average woman's foot (it's attached to me, I don't keep it in a drawer), and found it a challenge to put on the first time.  I wonder if it would be tight on a man's foot.  It's nice to have a shoe that doesn't require messing with laces just to walk the dog.
B00AOE059S size not bad but pumas seem to run narrow for me the size wasnt bad but feels like my foot is hanging over the edge if it wasnt for amazon makeing exchange easy i wouldnt get to try them on i usally buy stuff thats from or fulfilled by amazon if your foots narrow should be fine
B00AOE059S Very Narrow These shoes seemed excessively narrow to me for normal width shoes.  I own other puma sneakers.  They look kind of cool though.
B00AOE059S Not just small - Constrictive! I received these yesterday and will be returning. They run not only narrow, but ridiculously tight. They're to the point of being constrictive. I read reviews that they run small, so I order the next size up - length-wise, that ended up being better. But these are extremely narrow and have no laces. Not sure why they're not flagged as a narrowing width (B maybe?) - they're marked as standard/medium.Looks - these are nice looking shoes, both online and in-person. Lightweight and quality appearance. I was really hoping these would be comfortable.
B00AOMUBGC very narrow shoe The sneaker is a very nice looking shoe, but it is cut for a person with a narrow foot. I ordered a size larger but the sneaker were still to tight. If you have a narrow foot this shoe will be fine.
B00AOMV7YW This shoe has a unique shape... BEWARE! I checked all the reviews on this shoe and paid special attention to the on size comments and ordered appropriately. These shoes are narrow and long. It takes a certain shaped foot to wear these shoes.. I have since returned these shoes. This is the last time I will order any shoes off the Internet.
B00AOMYC2Q I've had several pairs of these... I really like the drift cats, and have owned several pairs of them. They are comfortable (after a couple of days of breaking them in) and I think they look great. Most sneakers today look huge and bulky to me and these are nice and streamlined. Because of this streamlined nature, they do run a little bit tight, and someone with extra-wide feet might have a problem. I usually wear a 10.5 US, but with this shoe I wear an 11. My foot isn't that wide and the sides of the shoe really do hug my foot. I don't mind this at all, and with the 11 my toes have plenty of room. For me, however, the narrow profile is what I like about the shoe, so I can't complain about it! Great shoes!!!
B00AOMZH1Q Future Cat Very light weight and extremely narrow around the mid sole and toes. I had purchased a size larger for accommodate for the narrow fit, nevertheless, theses cats are constructed &#34;Narrowly&#34;. Vivid bright color assortment. Feels cheap.
B00AONVA52 Perfect fit These shoes fit perfectly, are very very comfortable. Sometimes Pumas are too narrow for my foot but these are perfect.
B00AONVA52 nice product it seems to be slightly more narrow than some of the other PUMA shoes we have purchased but is workable due to the elastic stays.  It looks very nice and is much less casual that the shoes my husband like to wear.  A good option for comfort and style.
B00AONVA52 Frankly darling its how you look - and you look marvelous very stylish, but as everyone else reports, and I will as well, THEY RUN SMALL and NARROW!  I am an 11 or 11.5 but after reading the reviews I ordered the 12s AND wholly...  they are a bit tight and def way narrow - not so much that i need to return them but def tight. Im hoping the nice faux leather, which is very, with break in and get a better feel. As style goes these shoes with a pair of jeans or khakis, dark T or short sleeve button down and you're stylin' ready for a stroll on the boardwalk or casual night out.*Note: not for all day on your feet walking, the sole and construction of this shoe will not provide all day support for your feet, little to no arch support. if you're prone to suburnation or pronation Do not buy these you will twist your ankle on the first uneven ground step. Otherwise they look sweet!3 Stars is because they are more &#34;Form&#34; than &#34;Function&#34;(5 stars are products that excel in looks (form) and usability/operation (function) and value to price ratio ( 1 to 1)
B00AONVA52 PUMA Sneaker Shoes were almost too narrow.  The length is too long--looks strange.  Only merchandise I have received through Amazon thatwas disappointing.
B00AONVA52 It's really just okay The shoe is extremely narrow and even a 1/2 a size bigger then what i normally am (12 1/2) could not make up for this. The neck of the shoe (the part where you put your feet in) is narrow as well and the tongue always seems to dig into my ankle a little. The fabric is decent but one i would expect on a $20 pair. Not impressed with my first pair of Pumas but maybe their other shoes aren't this bad? The sole is non existent because i can feel the road on my feet as i walked to my car for Christmas dinner. Won't return them though due to i wore them and walked around with them
B00AONVF8Y Great looking shoes, comfortable, stylish, and well-made with nice use of materials. The size 10.5's work fine, but 11's would have been more comfortable when your feet swell.  They seem to be expanding and breaking in, but still slightly tight.  I wear a size 11, and 10.5 in some other shoes, so go a half size larger for more comfort.The narrow base doesn't provide as much stability as a running shoe, but these weren't intended for that purpose.  It's supposed to mimic the race car driving shoes, which interestingly enough, feel great when driving because of the flexibility and narrow footprint they provide.I've received a lot of compliments on these, especially because of the BMW branding and logo.  I bought them because I have other Puma M-Sport, and F1 racing gear (jackets) that go nicely with my 2013 F01 (750i) BMW with he M-Sport package.
B00AONVVMO I like them but they are too narrow. Good looking shoe, light, thin sole, just what I wanted BUT - there is not enough toe room.  My normal size is 13D as the shoes were labeled.  As with all shoes, it's best to try them on first.  I returned them.
B00AONVVMO Way too small I really wanted to like this shoe i mean when it arrived the shoe itself looked beautiful but right away before i even tried it on i noticed how narrow it looked. I wear a size 10 and i ordered a 10 but they were so tight and narrow it was ridiculous, i think a size 11 might of helped at least for there to be room for my toes but there's still the issue of the shoe being so narrow! maybe this shoe isn't meant for people with wide feet so i ended up just returning the shoe....but the actually look of the shoe like i said just looks amazing in person which is why im still giving it 4 stars on looks alone!
B00AONW9JS One Star designs great but size too narrow. they should make it wider.
B00AONW9JS Toes are super tight I really like the look of these shoes, they are very nice and high quality. The only real problem is that the shoes are narrow and hurt my toes. It feels like my pinky toe is digging into the toe next to it. First time a sneaker hurt my feet.I did however loosen up the laces as much as possible and now after walking around for a few miles, the shoes are broken in and are much more comfortable. Still snug but after loosening the laces, it's not bad.I'd get these if you have width D or narrower feet. IF you have wide feet, don't bother, you'll be miserable wearing these.
B00AONW9JS Great Great shoes.  Very comfortable.  Definitely a little more narrow than you might expect as far as sizing.
B00AONW9JS Very narrow Aesthetically, this shoe is nice. Good quality material. Unfortunately, the shoe was too narrow. I ordered a Men's 10.5 ,width size D, (which is standard width) and got something that was closer to size C, which is narrow.
B00AONW9JS Love them! I think they run narrow more than small...I did get 1/2 size larger and I'm trying to stretch them by wearing heavier socks! No regrets,love the shoes!
B00AONW9JS A lot narrower than i thought The shoes looks awesome i really loved it but they run small and narrow i was lucky because i previosly had ordered other shoes from puma so i knew i had to orden it largar than i currently used, for comparison in brands like ralph lauren polo and guess i used 9.5 , the other puma i ordered were 10 and they fit me but my feet hurts if i get it tight ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0058XIPBK/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0) so i ordered this ones 10.5 and they fit just fine for lenght but for wide they are a bit tight. Keep that in mind before ordering
B00AONW9JS Drift Cat 5 These are a great pair of shoes. I bought them for walking around in, not necessarily driving or for sport. They do run a little small, but luckily I had another pair of Pumas to compare the sizing to. I normally wear a 10 and can even go to 9.5 but I had to order a 10.5 for these because of how narrow they are. I haven't had any major problems with them. They're light and very responsive, which could be bad if you don't want it. Walking down the sidewalk, I can feel little pebbles and where they are putting pressure on my feet. The rounded heel at the end is great for when I am driving and the tread seems to work fine so far. All in all, it's a great little shoe.
B00AONW9JS Too Narrow I have never had an issue with other athletic shoes I've purchased from Sketchers, Reebok, Nike and other knock-offs, but these are much too narrow and they do not even offer an (E) option, at least not thru Amazon!  It's very frustrating because they look amazing and are very high quality!  The tread, although very flat, is made of excellent high grade rubber and grabs the floor.
B00AONW9JS Shoes were the correct Length just too narrow If you have a wide foot these shoes are not the ones for you. These shoes are for people with very narrow feet or for those that enjoy pain.
B00AONW9JS not an everyday wearer because they are lightweight unpadded and narrow there not an everyday shoe. but I do like them, I will keep them in my collection to wear out on occasion....they have a classy, yet sporty look to them. in a way that you could pimp them with the right attire on a date and then go for a run!
B00AONW9JS Good Shoes i wear 8 and i ordered 8.5 D as a suggested in the comments ,i feel it a little narrow, but i hope they loose a little while i using it,anyways it's a good shoe, i like the material, maybe , i 'll buy another one
B00AONW9JS Very Narrow shoes These shoes look great, but are VERY narrow.  They probably wont last long for me.  I Would not buy again
B00AONW9JS Pumas for the gym Needed a pair of sneakers for workouts in the gym.  Thought the look was great and it was.  Got a half size larger because of thicker socks.  I wear a normal D width but found these sneakers to be very narrow although with several wearings they seem to be stretching out somewhat.  Although look and quality are great, if you have a wider width then a slightly snug D, these are notfor you.
B00AONW9JS Get the sizing right! These shoes are very narrow, so ensure you are getting a little bigger than you think you need. Great shoe otherwise!
B00AONW9JS Right length, but extremely narrow I've only had the shoes for a week, but so far I like them.  The length is about right.  But the width is extremely narrow.  For people with wide feet, I would advise against these shoes.  But otherwise they seem comfortable and look great.
B00AONW9JS Toe box is somewhat narrow These aren't too &#34;small&#34;, but the toe box is more narrow than the average shoe.I wear a men's size 12, and can comfortably wear most shoes (e.g. I'm currently wearing New Balance 623s and they fit just fine), but while these are long enough, my foot feels cramped. I loosened the laces as much as I could, but there just isn't enough room at the end of the shoe.So, while I'm sure I could've stretched them out over time, I went ahead and returned 'em. If they sold a 12 Wide, I bet it would fit perfectly.
B00AONW9JS Good Shoes This is a driving shoe and it functions very well for that purpose.  I also use these shoes for kettlebell training as the shoe is very flat and gives good feel.  My feet are narrow and these fit very well.
B00AONW9JS too narrow too narrow, women's shoe, hope my wife likes it. size 11 is more like a 10 narrow. Wear a 10.5 ordered 11 still too narrow and almost too short.
B00AONWB28 a little bit small Its a great shoe don't get me wrong just a little tight I don't know you should get a size bigger it just a little narrow towards the toes I stretched but still
B00AONWIC6 Great look, narrow fit I normally wear an 11. These run at least and I have narrow-ish feet. All the &#34;drift&#34; styles I've tried are that way. Great look if they fit. Lots of complements.
B00AONWIC6 Could not wear These shoes are very narrow.  They were so uncomfortable my husband could not stand to walk 300 ft in them.
B00AONWIC6 Too narrow I really loved the design, but it was just too narrow for my feet. Other Pumas fit much better. Had to return.
B00AONWP6U Buy these! Awesome shoes. If you have narrow feet like me Puma is always the way to go. These shoes fit pretty snug but are super comfortable and are light as air. They have awesome style too. I've gotten numerous compliments on them. I like them so much I bought a second pair in different colors.
B00AONWP6U Horrible Last pair of pumas I will EVER buy, the size is at least 1 size too small and always always always too narrow for anyone with feet. I wouldn't recommend this uncomfortable pair of crap for anyone. Save your money any buy a reliably good pair from a reputable manufacturer
B00AONWP6U Great shoes Future Cat always runs a little short and narrow. Not great for wide feet, and order one half size up for appropriate length.
B00AOOH730 Overall very nice shoes. Slightly narrow design.  Overall very nice shoes.
B00AOOH730 Great For My Wide Feet I have big ol' wide feet and these shoes are super comfortable.  They fit snugly around my feet but don't make my feet feel pinched or trapped.  There is enough stretch in the shoes for wide feet like mine (I really do have pretty enormous hooves!) but will still fit narrower feet without much problem.  The suede gets dirty more easily than other materials I've used, but they are durable and still look great after a couple months of pretty regular wear.I've ordered this show in several colors and they all fit great, so if you have a wider foot, you can be pretty confident that these will accommodate your feet.
B00AOOH730 Thin for a Win Narrow at front, don't know if it will break in correctly, feel like my feet are bound in the front like an old Japanese lady. And I weigh 150 with thin feet....lol
B00AOOH730 shoes for narrow feet They are shoes for thin feet, and has carved foot seams, seem they are for children as they are very thin.
B00AOOL1SC Dig the suede Pumas! Still like the Pumas Liga suedes but these are great. Better than the really narrow Addidas Gazelles and my feet are not wide. Perfect fit!
B00AOOLDO4 Slightly Narrow I purchased these as a replacement for my favorite Adidas shoes that made a dramatic drop in quality in recent years and are now off my shopping list.  The quality and fit of the Pumas is very good, quite comfortable, especially for the price. They seem to be a bit more narrow than Adidas but I expect that they will loosen up over time. I would recommend these shoes.
B00AOOY2G0 Narrow these are on the narrow side. SO if you have large-ish feet, or a high instep, forget it! Too bad, I like the way they look.
B00AOOYHMY Shiny! My husband loves these Puma's, and so do I. We ordered a 1/2 size up, but they appear yo be true to size, yet narrow. Depending on whether or not you have a narrow foot, you may want to either try these on in a store, or order your normal size.
B00AOOYT22 Could be bettet If you have a wide foot then these will not be for you. Started irritating my foot an hour into wearing them
B00AOOZ1OC Shoe collar caused awful discomfort I want to rate these shoes a 4 or 5. I really, really like almost everything Puma has done with them: Minimal stack height, zero drop, very flexible sole, secure fit in toe box (I don't like the wide toe boxes common in other brands such as Merrell and I like the secure feel these shoes provide), light upper, even a rubber bumper on the lateral aspect of the heel, where I still get substantial wear. Check, check, and check. But unless you have steel plating in your feet, the collar of this shoe will ruin your running (and maybe even your walking). I wore these for a 4.5 mile run indoors and loved them - fast and flexible. I noticed some discomfort on the outside of my feet where the collar meets my foot, but nothing too major.Two days after the first run, I went out for a 10k and noticed a little discomfort where the collar meets the outside part of my feet, but not enough discomfort to stop. By the end of the run, my feet were pretty banged up. The next day, I tried to just PUT ON the Pumas, but I couldn't even stand up because of the intense pain where the collar meets the feet.  Without pressure, I was fine, but any pressure, especially in the Pumas, was nearly unbearable.It's been three days since I couldn't wear the Pumas and my feet are recovering but certainly not healed. I contacted Puma by e-mail and phone and received very little assistance (e-mail contact was a disaster - stock e-mail for &#34;defective apparel&#34; and a similar response when I requested my message be sent to the department that handles R&D; for footwear). This review is not only in response to the pain caused by the shoe (a report I've read elsewhere, including on the site Believe in the Run), but also of Puma itself. They can't fix the problem if the right departments can't communicate with each other, so hopefully the creators of the Faas 100 will see this review, consider others, and make adjustments for a second version.A version which, should it appear, I'll consider being first in line if they fix the collar. Otherwise, I'm done with Puma running shoes altogether.
B00AORB3DW Narrow and lightweight Very narrow show which is great for my foot type but normal to wide feet stay away. Breaking them will be painful. I got some serious blisters on side of my foot right below my toe.
B00AORB3DW TOO NARROW WANTED TO LIKE THE SHOW BUT JUST TOO NARROW FOR MY WIDE FEET. MAYBE PUMA ISN'T THE BRAND FOR MY FEET
B00AORB3DW Wish it was wider! I like these cleats, the look and everything. But man do I wish they had a wider foot selection. Other than that it fits and works well. Although I do sometimes feel the cleats only working on 80-85% of my foot as my foot it too wide! So it feels a little weird. Do recommend for people with narrower feet.I've yet to find good looking soccer cleats for wide feet. If anyone can help, please do!!!
B00AORB3DW Awesome shoe for narrow feet, order half size up! I was looking for a cheaper cleat for ultimate frisbee and general dicking around, so I got these.  I love them!  They're fantastic, and they make me look the s***.I usually wear a 10.5 and I have narrow feet, but I ordered an 11 regular and they fit perfectly.  Order a half size up, but if you have really wide feet, look elsewhere.
B00AORB3DW Olivier Giroud **Puma EvoSpeed 4.2 sz10** Really nice shoes. They fit me perfect. Always buy half bigger size because they are different and they go one smaller size than nike and adidas. They are pretty narrow what is good for people with tiny narrow feet. Everything is as I expected and I couldn't ask or buy better for this prise.
B00AORBTZY Great shoe, if not a little narrow. This is a very stylish and fun shoe.  It feels great on the soles.  However, they do run a little narrow.  I would suggest getting a half size bigger just for comfort.
B00AORC57U Awesome Comfortable Shoes These are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Size is perfect (I am a little narrow in the foot). This is my third pair in different colors.
B00AY65V1I Nice shoes, too narrow in size 14 The 14D is a narrow 14D.  I have a 13.5 EE that I can often get into 14Ds, but not these.  Sad because they looked pretty nice.
B00AY65V1I Please offer these in wide widths! Style and quality ok. Just the rigid sidewalls kill the fun for me, but then I have wide feet and these are not available in wide widths.Will have to wear them in, hopefully they will expand enough that I don't have to donate them brand new.
B00B1E4QSQ Too narrow These shoes might have been alright if they had fit. I sent them back after wearing them for a bit and having my feet hurt from being squished. My last PUMAs were perfect, but haven't found any since that fit right.
B00B1E4QSQ I love these shoes! These Pumas are supportive, cushy and fit well. They breath very well; unfortunately that means your feet get wet if it's rainy or you run in wet grass, but it's worth it for the air circulation on hot days. I love the fit, although I do have narrow feet, so your milage may vary on that count. The shoes feature bright colors, but unlike many other bright shoes they don't make my size-10 feet look huge. I'm very happy with my purchase.
B00B5HUIO0 for a wide foot Nice shoes, but not great for a narrow foot, Velcro strap can only be pulled so tight
B00B5LHG82 Kids puma shoes My daughter is normally a 11 or 11.5 for other brands so I thought to it a little bigger just in case,  but this style was too narrow and fit like a size 11.
B00B5OH69S A Little Large My sister really likes the shoes, but she said they were wide on her feet. She wears size 9 1/2 normally but she said these were just to wide and uncomfortable.
B00B5W0110 Very cute shoes. These shoes were very affordable and loved the design and color. One thing to keep in mind is that they are in fact Puma shoes meaning they fit about a size smaller than usual shoes. They are also very narrow. Wonderful product just make sure the sizing is correct.
B00B5W0FHK Nice The shoes were nice but fit kinda small. I should of known puma shoes run narrow, next time I will go up one siz.
B00B5W0FHK Adidas shows Perfect fit.  As all Adidas shoes they are narrow.  Plan accordingly.  They look great and son loves them!!  Overall happy
B00B5W0UUW too wide for my daughters feet This is the first pair of pumas that we didn't like. My daughter only wears puma because of how nice and narrow they are but these were very wide and did not fit her right at all! We ended up sending these back! Cute but if you are looking for narrow like puma usually is these are not right!
B00B5W0UUW Not leather, narrow fit After reading the reviews for this shoe (which is cute), I thought I knew what to expect, but not really.First of all - the shoe does not have a leather upper, despite the website description. The manufacturer's tag clearly states it that the upper is made of synthetic materials. I'm not saying a shoe must be leather to be good, but the website description is misleading.Secondly - many reviewers mention the size runs small. However, I think they are confusing &#34;small&#34; with narrow. My four-year old daughter currently wears a size 9.5, which still allows for some growing room (and, this was the size measured and recommended by Stride Rite, if that helps anyone). In less expensive big-box store shoes, she is wearing a 10, because they don't have half sizes. I purchased this Puma in a size 10, due to all the complaints about it running &#34;small&#34; and advising buyers to order a size up. In fact, the shoes were much too long. There was about a 3/4 inch beyond her toes. I would have been better off ordering a 9.5 - exactly what my daughter wears in her Stride Rites. Also, the shoes are very narrow. My daughter is slim and tall for her age, with average width feet. You could clearly see her feet stretching out the sides of these shoes when she tried them on.My recommendations for anyone considering ordering this shoe are:-Make sure your child has narrow feet-Know that the shoe is not made of leather-Order their normal shoe size; length isn't the problem with sizing, it's width.
B00B5WJRZ6 Narrow These are very cute looking shoes - I tend to always get puma shoes for my children. These however are quite narrow compared to other pumas we've owned. I'm hoping they break in a bit! Perfect for children with narrow feet! My child is just not one of them!
B00B7LUYFC good for the price. This sho e was a little Narrow and snug.but still a real good buy for the price. I like puma products tho
B00B7LVA8C Very narrow I love the look of these but if you have wide feet, probably not a good choice. I usually where D's and these are really tight on the side of my feet. Which I've always bought Puma's because they have usually been a little wider then some other brands I've tried. But obviously they don't use the same pattern on all of them.
B00B7LXC4M For Wide Feet! I was so impressed by its design; however, I was not aware of the fact that these sneakers are so large and wide inside. Because my feet are thin and long, they look big on me and my feet are swimming inside although it is the right size. In addition, they are very slippery! Watch out for wet floor! In short, pretty, but so wide and slippery!!!
B00B7LXC4M A little too shiny These shoes fit quite well in accordance with the size that I ordered. The toe box is round enough for my slightly wide foot. I love the platform bottom which gives height without walking on a slant. The outside is a little too sparkle-y for me, so I am reluctantly sending them back.
B00B7LY4HQ made my feet numb I hated these and only wore them for a week before having to buy a new pair. they look great hence the two stars. However I ordered a wide because I know they run narrow sometimes and still they were so tight they made my feet go numb! I tried to stretch them out but after wearing them everyday for a week I was done. I bought a pair of New Balance track shoes and they're awesome.
B00B9ZDQA6 What was expected The shoe is a bit narrow, I bought it for fashion not to run in so it won't be a problem,
B00B9ZE9KW Nice shoe but makes foot look wide It's a nice shoe, very comfortable and I really wanted to keep them but they made my foot look as wide as Fred Flinstones.  I think it's the color because I tried on a darker pair and they didn't look as wide.  Note:  My foot is regular sized, I do not wear a wide shoe.
B00BAXWTT6 Too Narrow My children Shoe size is 8.5, I bought a 9 size and didint fit. These shoes are very narrow, so be careful
B00BAZGA8A Fit perfect! My daughter loves these shoes, and I love them because they fit her very well.  Her feet are narrow, and these shoes are designed for narrow to regular feet.  I would recommend these, and plan to buy puma for our next pair of shoes once she grows out of them.
B00BAZGA8A Runs very small The shoe itself is very pretty but runs very narrow! Sadly for me I allowed my daughter to wear them, She kept telling me they felt fine and I thought they were a little narrow but I did not listen to my gut, now after wearing 1 day she started complaining they hurt her feet so I can't return. Otherwise as I said a beautiful shoe looks to be sturdy made but just runs small
B00BAZGA8A Fit well on narrow feet. The colour and design is very nice, fits well on a narrow foot,comfortable. This shoes can be worn with most casual girls clothing
B00BEIQAH4 Trendy The fit is very narrow puma tends to run a but smaller .. I love the look cute & trendy
B00C5UNM0I Very narrow shoe Very narrow and kinda flat, but I'm not planning on running a marathon in them. They look cool so I'll keep them.
B00C5UPFPS great - narrow sneaker this show looks wider than it fits.it's a narrow fit and isespecially snug in the toe box area.
B00C5UPSS2 Too narrow. Sent them back Great look and feel but the shoe was too narrow for my foot. It has an interesting heel support which may not work for everyone.
B00C5UPSS2 wide feet go elsewhere Sneakers run narrow and no wide widths.No tongue to roll as has an inner liner.Like the style, just wish they fit
B00C6AIR2U Get a 1/2 size up if you have wide feet I got this for my husband who wanted simple black lace-less sneakers. He originally wanted the martial art shoes but I found them a little ugly. He likes his shoes very much, which is awesome. Knowing Puma shoes always tends to be narrow, I got him 1/2 size bigger ( wears 45 EU, Ecco fits perfect his feet). it still seems a little tight, but it is manageable.
B00C6AIR2U I wouldn't say for the "wide" foot. Fit perfect for me..I usually go with an 11.5 with Puma..decided to go with 12 in this..primarily because I ordered 12 in white because they didn't have 11.5 at the time..I'm glad I did..my foot isn't wide..actually narrow I guess..(I had the rarest boot size in the military at 11.5 narrow)..I don't know if I'd recommend this, at least in the size mentioned to a wider footed person.
B00C6BOILS Great casual shoe stylish and fits well.  I wear a size 12 and most Pumas are long and narrow on me, but this pair is not like that.
B00C6BUJDY Puma Sky Wedge I got a 9.5 after reading the reviews about pumas running narrow,  which has been true in the past.  After wearing the shoes they fit comfortably, but I could have gotten away with my normal size 9. Still a nice shoe!
B00C6EW87G Too narrow I LOVE PUMA, but these are way too narrow to walk in. There's absolutely not support of comfort that you're actually walking in a shoe, and had to sadly put them back in the box minutes excitedly taking them out.
B00C6EXR76 Great concept, but they run narrow and a half size small I purchased these because I loved the idea of a platform sneaker without a wedge heel, which is the current trend. Being only 5'4&#34;, I like the extra height these would give me, especially at concerts (I'm always behind tall people!). Puma's are also my go-to for street/fashion sneakers. Sadly, these just won't work for me in my regular size 9. I found the upper to be quite narrow and tight fitting, and perhaps because of this, a half size small. I'm not even confident if I went up a half size they would work either because I wore them while sitting down only for 15 minutes and had to take them off because they were squeezing my foot too much. I will be returning these and keep my fingers crossed that if Puma comes out with a next generation of this style, they will fit better.
B00C6F8K8Q So far so good! I have worn these sneakers once, and although they appear to run a little large, they're great because if your foot swells, they don't end up hurting. The extra room in the toe box saves you the limp home at the end of the night. They are a little narrow, but for average feet, they're great. So, as long as you do not lace them too tightly ( they came laced too tight which made the seem more narrow), they are great, and so was the price.
B00C6F8K8Q pretty but narrow Shoes are really pretty in person but does not fit like a women's 7 it feels more like a 6 1/2.shoe is very narrow.buy a half size bigger if you want a good fit for wider feet
B00C6FBWX6 If u have wide feet, this shoe is not for u. Shoe is a bit narrow for my feet. Cute shoes, but it will be too snug for wide feet. Narrow feet only type of shoes.
B00CAJUUVS Too Narrow My feet are smallish so I can wear kids' sizes.  Unfortunately, this pair an very narrow.  Hd to send them back.  Phooey!
B00CAJXM0Y Nice Product I am a huge puma fan.  My favorite color is purple.  Of course when I seen these shoes I had to have them.  I ordered my original size a 9, but they were too big and quite snug on my foot.  The shoe is made on the narrow style.  I have a wide foot.  I exchanged them and ordered an 8.  They fit great.  I really love the fact that they glow in the dark.  Every where there is white on the shoe, in the dark it turns to a neon green!!!!!  Fits me totally.
B00CAJXM0Y Not a good product for me I ordered the size of shoe I usually wear and these were WAY TO short and tight (and I have a narrow foot)
B00CAJXZTM Eye catcher! These shoes are definitely an eye catcher! They sparkle and are bright colors. Just watch out for how narrow they fit as per norm with most puma shoes.
B00CAJZDHY Three Stars shoe was nice, but very narrow for a regular fit.
B00CAJZTVY Squeeze in! Tight tight tight!  Narrow.  If you have wide feet, these are not for you.  I have to leave the laces loose in order to wear them.
B00CAK38DY PUMA Mobium  Running Shoe This shoe fits like a glove for your feet. Awesome! Really great if you have a narrow foot. Extremely nice fit and a great color.
B00CAK38DY Too narrow My husband got these and found them too narrow for his feet, which are regular width. Not impressed though the color is cool.
B00CAK38DY PUMA Mobium Elite This is a nice looking sneaker, but it runs kind of narrow. Its width sizing is not true to size.
B00CWL2EWC PUMA Wedge sneakers I really like these shoes and the style. The fit was okay...the shoe is just a little narrow for my feet. I think a size 9 would have been perfect. Nevertheless, I am happy with my shoes...going to order the white ones soon. Thank you.
B00DHJQ39S Somewhat narrow. Love the shoes, they are a little narrow but still fit.  Love how light weight they are! They do stretch a little after wearing them so that is a plus!
B00DHJQL1I Great golf shoes The Puma Biofusion is VERY loud, but that is not the best part. It is also waterproof and has enormous grip. The first day I received them, I also wore them for a quick walking 9 (in the rain - never trust the weatherman). The worked better than my DriJoys with replaceable screw-in grips. The fit is interesting. I wear a size 12 in almost every shoe. Once in a blue moon a 13 is required. I also have a narrow, B-width, foot. These fit very well.I would imagine a very wide foot would be rather snug. These shoes seem to more completely wrap AROUND the foot than other traditional shoes. Perhaps this helps account for the secure grip. I am a big fan and am now very loud in the Fluorescent Yellow. Might be able to play at night.
B00DHJT5PC Great Golf Show These shoes are great. Really comfortable and have really good grip. The only thing is they are a lot wider then I remember puma being. I got a size 10 and a wide foot. These fit a little bigger then I expected. But a Great shoe
B00DNNZYZ2 Don't buy these shoes for running The toe box is WAY too small for running.  My toes were so cramped I was in serious pain within a mile.  The fit was so bad I donated the shoes.  Hopefully someone out there with a super narrow foot can use them, because I sure can't.  For the sake of reference, my feet are of average width and a medium width shoe typically fits well.
B00DOEFG4Y I have a wide foot so I like this product more than any of the other sneakers ... I have a wide foot so I like this product more than any of the other sneakers out there right now. I wore pumas when I was young and now I have gone back wearing them again.Thank You.
B00DOEOYEW Great Style Love the Style and looks of the shop, except it feels more like a ladies size and not a man's. Too Short,Too Narrow, with no room for the toes or width. Too bad , since I have been looking for this Brand & Style for a long time.
B00DOG1Q96 length is OK but somewhat narrow length is OK but somewhat narrow. Looks good. Ended up returning. Wish there is wide size not just M size.
B00DOG4R2Y Runs very narrow Very nice glove like shoe, but not for those with wide feet!  Except for the fact that these are leather with a quality, almost Italian feel, they are similar to an ultralight running shoe - but quite narrow.
B00DOG4R2Y Nice nice shoes,a little narrow. But for my relatives. He said it is beautiful. I didn't see it in person. Good
B00DOG55AW Great look & Fit! My feet are narrow. So the fact that Puma's seem to run narrow is a plus for me. I like my Puma's for the gym because the soles are thin and flexible which allows my feet to work more naturally.Also I like the style.Glenn Rainer
B00DOG55AW Good this is a great shoe, the look and feel can be compared to designer brands however I guess this is the problem with all Puma shoes, the front tends to be a little narrow, but i sill love it.
B00DOG55AW High quality, but very narrow in width even if right size. I love the shoes, but they are certainly of narrow design...I ordered the right size, and they fit nicely as far as length, but the width on these shoes is very small (narrow) so if you have regular / to wide feet, do not even think about it. Quality wise, is very impressive, as the manufacture used very good materials. The design is awesome, and very refreshing.
B00DOJIJMA Too narrow Seemed like a good value for a turf shoe.  I didn't think my feet were too wide but I could not even wear them long enough to try in a game. I normally wear size 9.5 and ordered size 10.I gave them to a team-mate who also wears size 9.5 and they fit him fine.  So maybe my feet are just wider than normal.
B00DOL32BQ very narrow. I bought a size that definitely should fit, but they are so narrow that my foot is squeezed to the end of the shoe.  quality seems ok otherwise.  I'll be returning.
B00DOL3EHI Runs a bit narrow My son likes his new soccer shoes.  He says the length is good but the width is a little narrow.
B00DQYYVAM Fits like.... Fits like a glove! I haven't bought Puma's before, it's hard to find shoes my size that fit without being too narrow or too wide. They're awesome.
B00DS3QSO8 Narrow design At least a half size bigger needed for normal size feet. Very narrow design, my only hope is that it's getting a liitle looser by time and wear.
B00DTZFZCQ Wide feet My son has really wide and fat feet and i always win with this style puma. These are really cute and my son loves them!
B00DU0P368 Fit well, little narrow for wide foot. Got this sneakers for my daughter. Loved it  - shiny surface looks great. As man&#1091; puma shoes this one is a bit narrow for the wide foot, the length is great - as described. Thanks a lot!
B00DU0P368 Great! These are so cute! My daughter loves how much glitter they have and they fit her very well. They are nice and narrow just like we like with pumas.
B00DULXWII great fit size 11 too small, exchanged for size 12. Granddaughter loves them, she has narrow foot and Puma runs narrow, we tried several brands before ordering these.
B00DULYICC overal -ok I have ordered it for my liitle girs. even with wide order it is too narrow.material is ok- up to you
B00DULYICC Great shoes! These shoes are adorable and well made. They fit just right.  My daughter has average width feet, but if her feet were wide at all, I would order a wide show.
B00DY6160A So cute! And comfy! Cute, comfy shoes -- I was afraid they might be too narrow (I have a wide-ish foot), but they fit perfectly.  And they are super cute, AND super comfy!  What's not to like?
B00DY7Q7YY Too snug in the toe box I love the look of these shoes, but I do not have a wide foot and I find them to be snug in the toe box. I ordered a 9 and usually wear a 8.5. i found them tight in In the width. My feet hurt after I wore them all day at an easy going sporting event. I have shoes that are way more comfy and are not running shoes. Maybe I have to break them in. I will post if they become more comfortable. Im disappointed because I own a few pair of pumas and they are all comfy and sturdy.
B00EAH1B8E excellent I bought these for my daughter who loves them big time. Very good quality and not too wide for her narrow foot. I am particularly grateful for the length in centimetres provided alongside the show size - it helps immensely when you're ordering from Australia and really do not want to have to return anything.&#34;The best shoes I've ever had!&#34; says my daughter.
B00EDOMUYI I don't what it is about Pumas but... I ordered my normal size and found these shoes to be about a full size too small.  The toe box is very cramped and I don't even have a wide foot or large toes.  The sole is narrow in both the front as well as the heel. I returned for refund (not an exchange) because I will not risk turning an ankle or developing pain in the pressure points.
B00EDOMUYI Narrow front Overall a nice looking sneaker but as other reviewers said they run very narrow in the front.  Our son ended up taking them, they were a little large on him but sometimes he has trouble with his right foot so these would be a slip on comfortable sneaker to wear.
B00EDOR4L2 My mistake! Sadly, they were too narrow.  I have a wide foot, got 1/2 size bigger, but no go!
B00EDOR4L2 Narrow Toe Box Purchased these while these were on the Deal of the Day. Ordered 1 whole size up from my normal shoe size due to running/walking. I found the toe box to be too narrow. My little piggy's feel like [way too much] sausage stuffed into a casing and they screamed to get out of the shoe!
B00EDOR4L2 For a 40 dollar shoe it is fine Got these on one of the deals of the day, for the price I paid they are fine. They fit okay except the toe box is a bit narrow.  For an everyday sneaker they will be fine, just took them on a museum trip and my feet did okay in them.
B00EDOR4L2 Puma Shoes Nice looking and well made shoes, but they run very small and very narrow!!!  If these were offered in a wide width, maybe they would have fit.  But people would still have to order one whole size bigger than what they normally wear for them to be long enough.
B00EDOR4L2 Great Comfy Shoe and Price The shoes are very comfortable and fit great they are not for a wide foot. They are more for a narrow foot  they are definitely true to size and are a nice neutral color. Love them!
B00EDOR4L2 A bit narrow in the front They fit like I thought they would after reading other reviews but I have another pair of sneakers for the gym so I can alternate.
B00EDOR4L2 Tight Tight  in the toe area , narrow.
B00EDOR4L2 Three Stars A little narrow.
B00EDOR4L2 Need to have a wider size choice Loved the color, style and price of these shoes.  They were much too narrow around the instep. So sad that they had to be sent back :-(
B00EDOR4L2 too small They are very narrow. I ordered a half a size big just in case and they are still very uncomfortable. Plus, they don't look as good in person as they do in the picture. A lot more solver than I expected. I will be returning them.
B00ETHZV2M My Puma's I love the look of the shoes and the price is good. They are kind of narrow but after you break them in you are fine. They look great with jeans! I love them!
B00ETI2NUE Great for walking and Size runs small and narrow.. Great for walking and travel
B00ETI2NUE They are not very comfortable. I found them to be to narrow and ... They were not what I expected. They are not very comfortable. I found them to be to narrow and a little longer than a standard 7.5... I do not like the plastic strip that runs through them... I didn't notice it in the picture. Very disappointing...
B00ETI2NUE PUMA Takala 2 Opulence Sneaker I have a narrow foot and PUMA sneakers always provide a perfect fit.  I couldn't be happier with them and will never buy a sneaker of another brand.
B00FEM4CQC 5 which is what I wear and returned for 12's that I love. Very narrow order at least a 1/2 size ... I ordered 11.5 which is what I wear and returned for 12's that I love. Very narrow order at least a 1/2 size up.
B00FFMEJIC Pretty Good Really like the style of this shoe, but my initial reaction to putting it on was that it was a little tight width wise.  I read some reviews as well as tried some puma shoes on in a store and realized that they run a bit small, so I decided to go up to a 10.  Length wise they fit great, but my feet started hurting after several hours of wearing them because they're narrow.  This might just be the style for shoes designed in Europe because I usually don't encounter this problem.Granted, it's a little early to judge since I've only had them 2 days, but I'm hoping my feet will be able to mold them more.
B00FRU9DBK fit just right I have narrow little boy. But the waist fits well. They long and baggy enough without falling down! That's the goal!
B00FWPX7Y4 It is great! The size is fit ok, but i you have wide feet you need one more size, it is a bit narrow. But it is very nice shoes!!!
B00GOMDIMU Expensive but worth the money These Puma runner socks fit very well and were super soft and comfy. I have very narrow feet and while they felt snug, it was definitely not too tight and never accidentally slipped off. I also loved the different colors they were trimmed with.
B00GOMDIMU Just as expected I love these socks. They always last way longer than other socks and they don't slip down! I have very narrow feet and these always fit wonderfully.
B00GV3GRJI Three Stars shoe for narrow feet
B00I9GTJMM Great golf shoe! I must start out by saying when it comes to any kind of shoe I'm very picky. I have 3 daughters and none of them will even go shoe shopping with me. So for The review..... I was very skeptical about buying shoes online, I know Puma tennis shoes I have tried on on the past were very narrow. These shoes fit me perfect, I do have a wide foot and they do not feel tight at all. I have plenty of room in the toe box. These shoed are very comfortable, so much I was very surprised. These are by far the most comfortable golf shoe I own and I have 8 pair, from Nike,Foot Joy and Adadias. These shoes are water proof and I have had no problems with traction. I play a lot in the morning when the course had dew all over it and I have yet to loose traction. If your a walker you will love these shoes. I walked 18 and felt no discomfort or fatigue in my feet or calves. I purchased the black and white combo and I'm ready to pull the trigger on the white and blue combo. These shoes are a bargain at 60 on amazon!
