B0000722QT 4 Stars These shoes are pretty great. They're very ventilated, very comfortable (the second most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned) and they do their job. They're so cute, too. They're perfect for the summer time because they don't look stupid with skirts or shorts.
B0000749CN best cleat ever One of the best cleats i worn, i wish they would bring it back. I bought the white ones and the black ones as well.
B00009PPHY Love My Boots! I am looking at purchasing my third pair of these boots, I typically get two seasons because I drag my toes. I currently play in a dry climate with harder surfaces. I don't even bother looking at other brands because these conform so nicely to my feet, are very light and give me a great touch on the ball. I first purchased because I'm old school when soccer players wore black and these fit the bill, but to my surprise they were not only solid black but an absolutely comfortable fit. **I Love My Boots**
B0000A61OV SAD SAD SAD..... SAD Puma No Longer Makes These! Puma's Frankenclyde is the best pair of Puma's I have ever owned! I just spent 4 hrs looking for a pair of Black with Blue strip to replace the ones I have had for two years. I tried to find replacements last year and the pair I got sucks! They are too narrow! I just emailed Puma to ask, WHY SO STUPID! I say that because looking online, I am not the only one who misses these shoes. The only place I could find a decent color was on ebay! Wish me luck and I wish you good hunting! If you can find these, they are worth the money.
B0006PR4XK "LOVE THEM" I ONLY WEAR PUMA'S (OWN 15 PAIR) AND THIS IS A CLASSIC VERY WELL MADE!THIS ONE IS A LITTLE HEAVIER THAN THE OTHERS- FEELS LIKE WALKING ON A CLOUD
B0009NN9B0 Almost perfect trail shoe I'm on my second pair of these; they are the best trail shoes I've ever used, offering amazing control and grip on muddy trails and all sorts of terrain.  The water resistant shell makes them ideal for wet trails, but in hotter weather will make your feet sweat.  They are not good on concrete, especially wet, and are not as durable as I would like them to be, but I will not hesitate to buy another pair when the current one need to be replaced.
B0009PQ8XO Fantastic Shoes! I love Puma shoes--especially the Future Cat Low.  Puma is by far the best quality sneaker I've ever had.  The price of their shoes is a bit more than the average, but you get what you pay for.  They are great-looking and are extremely comfortable.  I am so pleased with these shoes that I plan on only purchasing sneakers from Puma from now on.  I've bought four different Future Cats: dark shadow/persimmon orange, black/white/Chinese red, white/black/vapour blue, and black coffee/white/burnt olive.
B0009QCYRW Puma King Soccer shoes feel great BUT... My son loves the fit and feel of these Puma soccer shoes, BUT he's had two pairs and both pair separated along the base of the shoe between the leather and the "platform" after minimal wear.  We thought the first pair were just defective, but the 2nd pair did the exact same thing.  He wore them for outside, grass soccer play and they just did not hold up well at all for that playing surface.  They were light weight, extremely comfortable, and his favorite shoe prior to splitting though.
B0009QCYRW Great shoes Very comfortable, right out of the box. My daughter has tried many other soccer shoes and now that she has worn the Puma King Execs she doesn't wear any other shoes. She is currently playing soccer in her third pair of Puma King Execs.
B0009QGPPO awesome listed as used but they are new. atleast they seem brand new. wow. Love the shoes. The fit is dead on for me.
B0009QGPPO A top class pair of soccer shoes/cleats Puma Men's King Allround TT Soccer Cleat is an excellent pair of shoes. They are very stylish, and more importantly, very comfortable.If someone is shopping for a good pair of turf shoes, I am highly recommending this one.
B0009QGPPO great stuff Love how these shoes mould to your feet. My last pair lasted for several seasons of playing soccer as well as coaching both my son's teams and coaching baseball. Happy that I can still get my hands on them.
B0009QGPPO Puma King Turf Shoes Love the shoes! They are perfect for coaching. They fit just like my soccer cleats from high school. Highly Recommended
B0009QGPPO Not what I ordered A few days ago, I ordered a pair of Puma King Turf shoes to replace a set that I had used for a year.  I loved my old shoes, and I was excited to find a pair for a good price.  The shoes arrived on time and the packaging was secure and appropriate.Unfortunately, when I opened the box, I found a new pair of shoes that said - Puma King - on the side, but were different in a couple of ways.  Most obviously, the shoes were missing the distinctive white flap that goes over the laces.  In addition, the liner in them was different.  I checked the box, and the image on the box was the correct shoe, but it did not match the shoe in the box.  This was obviously a pair of defective shoes placed in the correct box.  Be careful what you orderI had been waiting for the shoes and needed them that day, so I wore them anyway, hoping that they would work out.  While the shoe fit as old old pair had fit, they did not work out.  Without the flap over the laces, the shoes tongue cut into the front of my ankle.  In addition, the tongue would not stay in place, and it kept sliding down into the show causing discomfort when running.  The shoes just felt wrong.  After trying them for a couple of games, I have put in for a replacement.When the correct shoe, the Puma King is excellent.  Sadly, the shoe department at Amazon tried to slide a pair of defective shoes by, instead of shipping the shoes that they had promised.
B000BOCNRI great shoes I love these shoes.  They are extremely comfortable and conform to your foot with minimal break in time.  I used to play in Puma Kings and am glad to see that the quality has continued and been carried into their indoor products.Glad to see an indoor shoe that is still made from leather!
B000C4XHJA Great product Very comfortable I'll definitely recommend it!The material is incredibly. If I had to buy another pair. I'll definitely buy the same ones over again!!...They just are awesome!
B000E1ROW2 Good Tennis Shoes! I disagree with the other review here. I had a pair of 648's which eventually became the 653's. To my feet the fit & performance has not changed very much over the years. This is an excellent hard court tennis shoe with good durability and cushioning. Great for the price, especially if you can find them on sale (I've gotten a pair for as low as $35.00). The only thing these shoes lack is extra mid-foot stabilty, which can be found on models like 822 or 1002.
B000EDN898 Not so good of a product The images of the product did not match with the images of the product listed on Amazon.  I do not paying for something that does not look like the image.  As well as the condition of the shoes.  One of the shoes has some type of indention on the side shoe.  Mind you the condition of the shoe was listed as brand new on Amazon web page.
B000F2SFEQ Cool pair of old school shoes These were *the* shoes to die for when I was in High School....of course that was back when these Pumas first came out and being originally made in Germany. Puma 10's are old school (no air cells or gels); a simple, lightweight sneaker with classic Puma styling. The black suede with the white slash looks as good today as it did back then and this classic Puma style has withstood the test of time. They still have that oh-so-cool look...
B000FPLEOG Great Product I absolutely love Puma shoes, I've owned about 7 pairs over the years and they have always been quality items.  With this pair, what you see is what you get.  Simple black shoe with black rubber band across the top.  They're comfortable for an average day's worth of walking, but I wouldn't wear them for times when I know I will be on my feet for hours.  They're designed more to be casual with a simple/minimalist appearance to them, which is what attracted me to buy the product.  I'm very happy with this purchase and looking forward to buying another pair of Puma shoes in the future.
B000FPLEOG El Rey Pretty much what I expected. A pair of sneakers delivered on time. Thank god. Had the not arrived on time, I would have had to walk to Los Angeles with no shoes.
B000FPLEOG Great casual shoes. The only thing I was dissapointed about was that there was some brown markings on the white sole. It wiped off no problem. But brand new shoes shouldnt have to be wiped off straight out the package. Other then that they are great!
B000FPLEOG Puma Walkers Very happy with the product and also the price and service. Product was an international purchase and arrived in tact.
B000FPLEOG Great Shoes!  Classic, yet modern My husband loves these shoes and has been wearing this style since 2009.  When I found them on Amazon, I was so happy, because he had worn the soles off the last pair.  I would recommend these to anyone!
B000FPLEOG Non-adjustble strap makes these feel more like slippers than shoes. I ordered a size 14 pair of these El Rey Sneakers because I liked the design plus the convenience of not having to worry about getting shoe laces caught in my bike when I head to class. Still, the top strap is non-adjustable, but rather just a rubber band that goes around the top of the shoe.  This makes these sneakers feel more like slippers and they don't give the snug/secure fit laced shoes normally give. I ran two miles in these yesterday just to see if they'd ever fall off in an emergency.  They didn't, and I don't suppose they will.  But they're certainly more loose-fitting than I'd like.Aside from that they're pretty comfortable.  The rubber grip is great for my scooter deck but don't trust them on wet surfaces.
B000GDXNV4 great product This works (for me) I haven't had an outbreak in months! Before I used to get them at least once a month, for years. This is a true life saver, I can't believe this product isn't in the media more.I take one capsule in the morning and one in the evening, it seems to keep the virus at bay. Even when I'm going out drinking heavely or eating arginine rich food.Suppressive Acyclovir treatment made me feel crummy. I haven't experience any side effects from this product. So glad I found this
B000GDXNV4 Helped! No outbreaks have happened for 5 month! Good Product! I've also used Vitamin E, Zink and V-Lysin. No Acyclovir used
B000GPO5CS Puma Contre Slip-on - GREAT It is very confortable and looks great. I recently weent to New York and used it all around.IT was very confortable and fashonable :)!
B000H6EIH8 confortable this pair of shoes are very confortable but i recommend to buy 1/2 size more than you fit!
B000K7EIME Style! comfort!  Mostro has it all. I have been wearing mostro design for 10 years or more.  they are just the best!  I keep a spring in my step with style that goes just about anywhere.  I've had a silver toned pair and look forward to adding to the collection.
B000K7EIME Not to confortable I bought this pair of shoes as a walking one, but they are not completely confortale,  they are nice, but not the one I really one.. I am going to return it
B000K7EIME Second pair. I bought my first pair of these 6 years ago and wore them every winter. They finally got a hole in, so I bought another pair and am glad I did. They are comfortable and sporty, yet also a nice black tennis shoe that you can wear with jeans for casual. I Do not wear them to work out or anything, but they are great to wear to the mall or park or anything else. I love them. They do run a little narrow, so if you have wide feet, these would be a no, no.
B000K7EIME The only place to find this style of Pumas is Amazon.com I have wore this style of sneaker for years.When my last pair wore out I could not find them in Tulsa. I thought Puma had stopped making them so as a last resort I tried Amazon and there they were.Thank you Amazon for making my search a sucess. Oh and by the way my next pair will be a mesh pair. These sneakers look stylish with jeans as well as slacks.Where ever one goes someone will comment on how they like your shoes. The mesh are great for workouts and the leather for dress.
B000K7EIME I dont like the fit will have to sell it as I can not wear it - thought it was like another pair I have but it is not
B000K7EIME Puma Sneaker Bought these for a woman as replacement for her previous pair. She likes them a lot. Not much else I can say.
B000K7EIME Best Pumas I ever owned! I had these Pumas about eight years ago and loved them so much I had to find another pair. I am usually a 7.5, but bought an 8 this time around, because I remember when I first got it, they were a little tight and I had to break them in for a comfortable fit. But the size 8 is slightly loose in the back....something that I can definitely live with though. Love these Pumas so much :-)
B000K7EIME love love love i love these puma's so much i brought them twice once the sole wasted out is when i got the second pair there so comfortable and easy to put on and when i had them i realized half of the waitress were wearing them because there comfortable. They were also great when i was pregnant and had a hard time putting on my shoes haha
B000K7EIME Great shoes I buy a new pair every two years because I wear them out. They are so stylish and comfortable, I try to get away with wearing them at work too. Love these shoes.
B000K7EIME They don't make them like they used to Haven't bought any Puma recently, last couple of years, but don't remember them being so small in length.  I wear 8.5, butwill have to go to a 9.  Oh, one other thing the 'tongue&#34; is too long and hits the top of my foot/leg at the 90 degree angle joint ofleg and foot.  In the past I have purchased many pairs of this style and have not had this problem.  They don't seem to havethe quality of workmanship that they had in the past.
B000NCZNR0 Great Cleats For the Price I got these because I have a pair of Puma walking shoes and I love the way they fit my feet.  Turns out the same goes for the cleats.  After one game they were broken in, and they feel like wearing nothing at all.
B000OL35NO Excellent cleats Minimal break-in, great traction.  Maybe the Puma last just fits my feet better, but I had a pair of Nike R9s that were great for traction, but my toes felt more jammed up (same size).
B000OR2EEE Great shoe for the $$$!!!!!!!!!! These shoes are very comfortable and stylish. I cant wait to buy my next pair!
B000R4XHRC Great deal My son had been bugging us for a pair of Puma tennis shoes forever so when I came across these on Amazon for 25 dollars I bought them. They were actually much nicer than I expected and my son wears them every day. So far they are holding up nicely.
B000R4XHRC *** PERFECT *** I've been looking for this pair of shoes for 5yrs. I found them here!!! Old school clean and to the point....
B000R4XHRC Perfect shoes! I always wanted a pair of this shoes style....like 80's ...awesome fit and look!! i will buy another pair in blue!!
B000R4XHRC Very clean look These are a great pair of sneakers. I love how comfortable they feel and they're probably a shoe for any season.
B000R4XHRC Satisfied Love the shoes and they feel great. The price was an excellent deal as well. I will probably purchase more in the near future.
B000R4XHRC Satisfied customer!! Two pair of Puma GV Special Classic were ordered, the fit was perfect to size and will order again, I recommend these shoes.
B000R4XHRC These sneakers are very comfortable. I am a diabetic and have to be ... These sneakers are very comfortable. I am a diabetic and have to be very careful with my foot wear and I love these. I would recommend them to anyone that wants a very stylish, comfortable pair of shoes. I will definitely order again next time I need another pair of sneakers.
B000R4XHRC old school my 5th pair
B000R4XHRC It's a comfortable sneaker but not good craftsman ship on my pair and I really like pumas This sneaker was not put together well at all.. I've had my pair for about two weeks and already it looks like parts around the sole where it was glued together it looks like it will come apart at any time.,, although they were delivered promptly by e footwear so I didn't bother to return them because I appreciated the fast service.
B000R4XHRC Always Rockin Pumas Timeless classic sneaker. Just might order another pair, just to have on deck. I love this puma sneaker.Great sneaker for the price and great color.
B000R4XHRC Puma GV Nice pair of sneakers! Comfortable too.Reminds me of when I was a kid, thesePuma GV were the sneakers to have !!!
B000R4XHRC Love Them I bought them and couldn't wait till they arrived, I was impressed with the fit and comfort, I love the way they look with a pair of jeans:-) I am very happy with them and will be buying another pair very soon, yes I would recommend them!!!
B000R4XHRC excellent!!!!! I just love them!!!!!!!!  They just take me back in time when I wear them, classic!!!!! Pumas gv werey first pair of sneakers that I ever bought.
B000R4XHRC Puma GV, blue soles Excellent shoe. Very comfortable. Excellent construction. My 14th pair. Many color variations available.I get many complimemnts regarding this pair. Upper materials last a long time when cared for.
B000R4XHRC Feel a little tight and cheap but overall not terrible for price They are ok. Little padding inside and kinda hard feeling. Ok for price . They look ok but are a little on cheap side
B000R4XHRC Great Pair of Kicks I usually buy Nike Shox but they've recently priced themselves out the market. I bought mine from the Warehouse deals savings for $35 and they were still brand new when I received them. I usually buy shoes for style and looks and these look great with a pair of jeans.  Granted I wear a SIZE 9 and they do come slightly on the narrow width side.  To alleviate that problem I broke them in by wearing them around the house for about an hour.  I say disregard other's who say buy a 1/2 size larger.  it's your prerogative!  If your tired of paying $100 for a pair of Nikes try these.  I know young people may say Puma and grimace but trust me your peers will give you compliments.
B000R4XHRC Should have bought two pair Thank you amazon thank u very much for you speed, quality products, and unbeatable prices.. I was vey skeptical at first but I'm a believer now.. I believe that any other future items I buy besides food I'm looking on amazon first .. But if they had food??? Now that's for another review ... I bought a pair of pumas thru amazon and I am very happy... Unbeatable prices, outstanding quality, and shipped to my house ... No more skepticism from now on.. Thank you amazon thanks to the guys that changes the lining in the garbage cans all the way the CEO and Sharemembers thank you.. U at least made one happy person on this planet .. Thanks
B000R4XHRC Good stuff I wear size 15 wide shoes normally, but they only had these in 15 at the time. I needed new running shoes so I ordered them anyways. They were only $38 and they arrived at my house in only three days. They were snug at first, but most new shoes are, they fit fine now and are comfortable to run, walk, and lift in. They look good too. Highly recommend them, I will most likely buy another pair when I need to in the future.
B000R4XHRC classics I  absolutely love these Puma's classic sneakers. I need  the green pair these are ol school sneakers. I recommend people to get a pair for themselves.
B000R4XHRC A True Clasic Really like these sneakers. This is my 3rd pair. The classic look never go out of style. They look grate with jeans or kakies. I imagine I'll get a 4th pair when these whet too old.
B000R4XHRC Most comfortable athletic shoes and great price Other postings had issue with the shoe size, which was not a problem. This is at least 5th pair of GV's, I highly recommend them for comfort and durability.
B000R4XHRC kickin it Black n white and profiled just right. I was looking for a different style puma but this one came really close and satisfies me.
B000R4XHRC Perfect Perfect white sneaker...Fits well...goes with everything... Comfortable...will order another pair for me and my daughter...the price is just right too...
B000R4XHRC My Expectation I had a puma before and I really liked it. On that the basis of my previous experience I purchase this sneaker, it fits, but not like the first one. So I guess it ok but not like the first one.
B000R4XHRC Defective!!!!!! I own several pair of Puma GV Specials and absolutely love the fit and "classic but never outdated style". I received this pair and both shoes stated they were a 14 but one shoe fit like it was a 12 1/2. I was completely disappointed because amazon was the only place online that still had this shoe in stock and in my size. Needless to say, I had to return them. Amazon so graciously sent me a replacement pair before I could even ship the first pair back! Guess what!!!!!!!!! The replacement pair were defective to! Aaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! Imagine the frustration! I purchased other merchandise(hats....) to go with them! Extremely disappointed!
B000R4XHRC "Lovemykicks" I totally love my sneakers I couldn't find my size in no store's but I check on line and Yuppie ! I found them now I want the white pair
B000REX1DW Speedcat: The Classic (and Coolest) Puma Shoe ,,, Ever! I own three pairs of Speedcats and my favorite BY FAR is the black suede w/ white stripe shoe.  I often pair these shoes with a 2-button black suit, crisp white dress shirt with open collar (no tie!) and black t-shirt underneath.  A very, very cool fashion statement that tells people I don't always play by the rules.  I'm definitely NOT a slave to silly fashion trends and always stick to the basics, but my classic Speedcats are a staple for my business and casual wear.  They always look great for any occasion and feel like a glove on my feet.  Besides, women really dig the look -- especially on a more mature man (I'm 57!).  Puma should send me a commission check every month for all the Speedcats I've probably sold for them.
B000REX1DW slipper sneaker I bought these sneakers for my husband who is very particular about his footwear.  He loved the style and found them to be as comfortable as slippers.  He wore them constantly and is now ready for a new pair.  I would recommend these sneakers to anyone seeking a sleek style that does not shout out for attention.
B000REX1DW Next size up worked A lot of people recommend up-sizing on this shoe for a comfortable fit and I did just that; works great.  I wear these everywhere and will be buying another pair if I need to replace them.  Price paid:  $70.  Very pleased.
B000ROFJLO Dont worth it... Well... What Can I Say.I bought these because they are similar to an old version of shoes I had. But, I am very disappointed.First, I have to say that I have not use them in the finest field ever, but also is not one of those crappy fields full of mud or rocks. However, they are already messed up.I bought them last February and I have used them around 8 times... After the 3rd time, the stitch on the right boot got unstitch. I wanted to return them but it is more expensive to send them back than to buy a new pair.They are very uncomfortable and the "leather" sucks... Yesterday I realized that this started to shell from both shoes...The only thing I can say I like is the sole. It is very nice and it works fine in wet fields(I have only used hem once on this condition)...I cannot say more cuz I haven't use them more, otherwise; this comment will be larger...
B000TDAZKI Snazzy Shoes As a student shopping online this seller was very helpful. Not only was the size guide extraordinarily helpful in ordering online, but the shoes themselves arrived in pristine condition and are extremely comfortable. The seller also offered free returns and exchanges as long as they had my size, but it was unnecessary. The color accuracy is much better than on most websites;I needed shoes to go with jeans and that looked casual for around campus and I was able to tell from the picture that these were exactly the shoes I needed. There was one downside to these particular pair of shoes; you had to waterproof them before wearing them. It wasn't stated explicitly that waterproofing was necessary but I went ahead and put on two coats of UGG water proofer and it worked great. It was kind of a hassle to try and figure out what kind of waterproofer would work the best, it would have been nice to know that I needed to waterproof them before I bought the shoes. Another thing to know about these style of shoes is that if they start out a bit snug don't worry they will stretch out and be comfortable in just a few days. These shoes are perfect for my every day needs, the neutral color means I can wear them with almost anything and they are comfortable for my entire day of walking on campus, they haven't rubbed or been uncomfortable since the first few days I bought them.
B000UQY2O4 grrrrrrrowl I absolutely love these shoes -the looks and the style the colors the texture and most of all -they are the most comfortable pair of shoes I own.  I am a pharmacy technician and am on my feet between 8-10 hours a day and these shoes take perfect care of my tired feet.I highly recommend them!  I did so much so -that my hubby wanted a pair of puma's to see if I was telling him the truth.... guess what?  He is now a converted puma wearer.
B000XLM53G great loved these track pants These are excellent. I use them for cricket and they perform well, they are durable and the material breaths well to keep you cool in the heat. I would buy another pair.
B0011SQ8F6 good shoe...stylish...not perfect I really like these shoes, but I just got a pair of North Face sneakers and they have tons more support than these ever did.
B0013THNAW Fits true to size, and washes and dries well I bought this shirt in black, for our son who wears a men's medium.  It fit him well, and the decal looks good too.  I just washed and dried it for the first time today and didn't notice any shrinkage or fading.It's a good deal for $15 and free SuperSaver shipping, and we plan to buy some of the other colors for him.
B0013THNAW Strecthed and faded with the first washing Kind of disappointing Puma is a name associated with top quality, this is definitely a step down for this brand name..
B00160EGW6 bad company I ordered the white and blue speed cats pictured at right. You may not see a picture of them here. But wheFn teh shoes arrived they were navy blue suede with a baby blue swoop. The price was the same 60-70 as you would pay retail. So I thought, rather than ship them back, I would exchange them at the Puma store. There the clerk told me they had no such speed cat in stock and the ones I'd brought in, sold for 40 dollars. Not wanting to drag this process out longer, I traded them in paid the extra 35 to get the navy blue and white speed cats I'd ordered and walked away, 100 dollars lighter, wiser, and wearing a pair of wonderful shoes.
B00160J8B0 Stylish, soft & comfortable I have the same pair of these shoes but in blue. I wanted to get a brown pair and saw that Amazon had them for a lower price, even better than Zappo's price! They got here within the week and I am glad to say that they are sweet. I get so many compliments on them. Theye are soft and flexible, almost like wearing sure-fitted slippers. One thing though is that they do not offer much arch support so if you have bad feet, don't buy them.
B00166RR3K Comfortable, stylish shoes. My favorite PUMAS are the seemingly out-of-production Repli Cat II. This pair is black & grey suede with white-leather side stripes on the outside. There are very low profile, but amazingly comfortable. I use prescription orthodics, and they work fine in these shoes. But like all PUMAS, they tend to run a bit small. I get one size up.
B00169MRR8 PUMA Women Sneaker Sneakers arrived in good condition promptly.  Sneakers are very comfortable.  I wear them daily as a nurse on her feet all day long.  Will buy another pair when these ones wear out.  Pat M.
B001735DH4 Cheap and ugly! I ordered these for my husband for Christmas, and they looked like I bought them from the Dollar Store and put a Puma sticker on the side. They are CHEAP looking, I wouldn't recommend getting these!
B00196D3BW My favorite pair of shoes I love all puma shoes but these are my favorite. I wish I had more pairs of them. Very comfortable!
B0019E8I5U LOVE THEM YEah, Im on my 3rd pair..their soo comfortable and stylish at the same time. It takes some getting use to at first, then its great!
B0019EYMUK Just OK These shades look OK. I was a little disappointed with the cheapish feel to them, however they are keepers. If you are searching for a high-end pair of shades, look elsewhere.
B001AZI82G Puma shoes second pair that I have bought since I get so many compliments on my first pair :). product was in good condition and speedy delivery
B001B4WF7K Great price Love Puma shoes and you will not find them under 75.00 any where but here
B001B4WUVQ Amazing Pumas...I absolutely love them! I bought these shoes in May, and I have worn them every day since.  I didn't get them from amazon.com, but I didn't know what they were called and I am glad I found them because I want a pair to run in! I have worn the cushioning out in them, but if you buy Spenco walking/running inserts (which are also highly recommended by me), your shoes feel even better to walk in. I'm on my feet all day at work and these are amazing...I literally have no pain or discomfort whatsoever. My experience with Puma shoes is that they run VERY SMALL! I wear an 8 (depending on the brand) and I purchased these in a 9.5, just to be sure they wouldn't shrink when I washed them. I worked in food service and they got dirty, and I was relieved to find that they still fit wonderfully when I washed them. Seriously though, order a size up...maybe at least (a girl I work with also has to order her Pumas a few sizes up, she finds). These shoes are fabulous, I cannot say enough good things about them.
B001B508G4 Ducati Shoes Love these so much I got one pair in every color!Very nice, comfortable, excellent styling!Would not recommend for everyday riding as I would ONLY recommend Motorcycle Boots!
B001B516CE Puma shoes These were exactly what my son-in-law wanted.  in fact, it is the third pair I have bought him for the last 3 Christmas'.  He only tells me he wants them because I get the right ones.
B001B516CE Love these sneakers This is my second pair of Speed Cats.  They are very comfortable, and look good.  I'm always a bit self conscious because I have pretty large feet, and some sneakers and shoes make them look even larger.  These sneaker do a nice job look proportional.  Once I wear these out, I'll look for a third pair.
B001B516CE Great shoes These shoes are the best.  My second pair, the first had an unfortunate meeting with our dog.  Shoes are comfortable and a great fit!
B001B516CE Great shoe! I bought a pair of the black/white speedcats almost 5 years ago.  I wore them very frequently and the sole just now started to detach on the right foot.  The only other problem they had were that they were dirty.  5 YEARS of regular use and abuse before they became unwearable!  I'm shopping for my next pair as I write this. Wish I could give more than 5 stars.
B001B516CE bad I buy the black shoes and you send the white ones and i dont live in usa and now i have a product that i dont want!!!!
B001B516CE Durable shoe and easy to keep clean These shoes are very durable and easy to keep clean. I immediately waterproofed these shoes upon arrival which I believe keeps them cleaner. The fit matched other Puma shoes that I have owned. These shoes are form fitting so keep that in mind if you like slightly looser shoes. I ride a motorcycle and have had all shorts of shoes ruined by black marks being left by the shifter but they seem less noticeable on these shoes(I bought the blue pair). So if you want nice, durable, stain resistant and comfortable shoes these will do the job.
B001B516CE love these shoes love these shoes  - big puma fani own a total of like maybe 6 ot 7 over the past 8 or so years - every time i wear a pair out i buy a new pair
B001B51W64 I can't believe I own a pair of Pumas Let me be the first to say that I have never owned a pair of Puma sneakers before and never liked any I had tried on. I found a pair at a local Warehouse retailer that we obviously a new version of these and tried them on. I liked them very much, but did not like the price. While replacing the shoes, I saw this pair and decided to try them on. I like them very much. They do fit a little tight, but they are brand new. They are very supportive. I would not run in these, but for the less than $50 price and comfort level, I imagine these will be my kick around shoes for awhile. My last pair were New Balance. I loved them but when I tried on the newer version they did not fit the same and I did not like them. Anyways, I can now say I would buy these again, and I almost wish I had bought the other Pumas as well.I bought a pair of Asics 2130 for running, as they were on sale and were super comfy in the 20 minutes I tried them on in the store. I will write a review for them later.So to sum it up, I would recommend these shoes for the right price and they are very supportive and comfortable to me.
B001B51W64 Puma Puma shoes are the ones for me. They have outlast all others that I have had in the past. I've been waiting for this voltaic style for quite a while. I had this style shoe in high school but from then on Puma didn't have that style any longer, And it is back. Thank you
B001B52SDK Great Shoes for walking around town Love these shoes, have owned 3 pairs of different colors.  If you can get them in your size, get a pair.  Perfect, comfortable shoes for walking around town.I have slightly wide feet, and thing the toe box works for me.
B001B52SDK Nice! Just thought I'd add a 5star review to these shoes, I just got them and they are very comfortable and light! These are my first Pumas so I didn't know what to expect, so far I am very pleased. When I went to order I saw that they were being sold through macy's, since [...]offers in store returns I went though their site, because of that I won't comment on the shipping which was so-so.If anyone is on the fence about buying shoes online, I will tell you that I've been exclusively buying shoes online for the past year (a pair of Adidas bounce, a pair of Tims, and these). I've never had any problems with sizes etc, and because online prices are usually $20 less than store prices I've saved a bit of cash LOL.As for the shoes I will have to edit the review in a bit, as lasting quality is one of the most important things in a shoe.
B001B52UFG Awesome deal, great shoes! I bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he loves them!  They were such a great deal on Amazon, especially with the free shipping.  They ended up being about 1/2 the price as other competitors online.  He wears them constantly and they look great on!
B001B52UFG The best PUMAS, if you ask me. The Replia Cat II is my favorite casual shoe. They are very low profile with thin soles, but somehow manage to be incredibly comfortable. I tried on a pair of Repli Cat IIIs at my local PUMA store, but they didn't seem as comfortable. The "L" in this shoe's name seems to mean they are leather (no "L" in the name means suede). These shoes came in multiple color combinations, so you should be able to find something to your taste. My favorites are white with orange detailing. The shoes run slightly small, so I order one size up with good results.
B001B52UFG Great Gift! I bought these as a Christmas gift formy boyfriend. He loves them! He had some pumas before that he wore unitl they died and these are his new favorites. Highly advised especially at Amazons unbeatable price!
B001B52VLO love I love my pumas that all I ever wear I bought three of these! and would def buy again best fitting shoes I've ever owned would buy again!
B001B52YSO Ugly pair of sneakers I just received these sneakers today and plan on returning them later. Very cheap sneakers for the cheap price. The leather (or I think they are) tongues are very thin...paper thin! The material is cheap and so are the soles. I would look around before I Buy these.
B001B52YSO I love these shoes but Can we get these in size 10 D (M)US PUMA Men's Roma Perf EXT Sneaker I need these shoes. but I cant find this model anywhere els... Help out.. These shoes are one of my favorites.. I used to buy them two pair at a time.
B001B52YSO Great Buy! These shoes are a steal.  I bought them for my adult nephew and he loves them.  I shopped around at several stores for shoes to send my nephew in Texas.  When I finally looked at the shoes on Amazon.com, there was no comparison in price.  The shoes made a great gift and they were delivered on time at no extra cost to me.  What a deal!
B001B54D9W PUMA shoes Really great shoes.  I bought them for my teenage daughter at a great price and she is very pleased with them.  Would recommend to anyone who likes PUMA.
B001B55JMC great gift for my girl I bought a black pair of these for my girlfriend in vegas and she loved getting them in a second color...shes rough on shoes but they've proven to be cute and durable...great buy...great fit...and she receives constant compliments...
B001B55MZQ basketball shoe Bought these for my physically handicapped son.  They are so easy to put on him.  They are well made and his feet are supported well.
B001B55RN8 Great Puma product. Great shoes with the usual Puma quality.  I have had one pair for over a year and they still look great.  I like them so much, I bought a second pair for when the first wear out.Highly recommend.
B001B57ZN8 Puma Sabadella- what a great price! Very comfortable sneaker ( or ballerina flat I should say), great for summer, perfect alternative to flip flops, true to size, GREAT price of $26 with FREE shipping( mine were on sale)... Love them!!!
B001B8G1W6 LOVE IT I simply LOVE this bag. I bought it about two years ago and use it every weekend when I go away to my house about an hour away. It is sturdy and very cute! I drag it on the subway and it goes back and forth and STILL looks the way it did when i first bought it! I DEF RECOMMEND this product!
B001CHCT4U great shoes! good choice!!! having sucessfully bought dance split soles thru Amazon, I was thrilled to see this pair come up a few weeks later...having to be very carefull since I have a short left hip and leg and needing a really good pair to spell my Converse...and trying not to wear anything that couldn't take an insole...I am very, very happy with the Puma sneakers...I'm a dancer and dance teacher and was beginning to despair...so, thank you!While Puma is in Jamaica, I have trouble with size and trendiness and finding shoes that are first  comfortable, and will last!Alaine Grant, Kingston, Jamaica
B001CHCT4U Cute shoes I have just received my order from Amazon.  I have check everywhere, the price at Amazon just much better then anywhere else.  This is very cute shoes, however, it just for looks.  I tried it on, it felt a little smaller then other brand of the same size.  It's not that comfortable as my Sketcher or other brands of walking and running shoes.  I got a black/white/blue one.  I would not recommend to have it on for a long time, it's not that supported on the heels.  Again, for the price and service you pay at Amazon, you can't complaint too much.  Thanks.
B001CHCT4U Not the best sneakers Amazon just keeps raising the price of these shoes a little by little. It was on sale for about $31 and then when I finally decided to order it, it was $33. Now, it's at $35. Weird! Anyway,After a day of wearing them, these shoes are so-so. They didn't impress me like the Puma Sabadellas. It's not that soft on the inside even though the shoes are cushioned. You kind of feel it in the heel. Maybe the shoes are just wrong for my feet (normal arch and width). It is also not that comfortable around my big toe because my toe nail kind of slants upward. They look okay. It's a little too sporty/soccer-ish to me (I have the black/white/blue lining. I guess I have to get use to them.
B001CHCT4U I love this shoe When I saw the sale price I just couldn't resist.  The shoes arrived very quickly and I love the look.  Great product.
B001CHCTMC Womens Puma Runners All the other runners I own have size 7.5us in them, as i am in Australia I couldn't try these on so it was a bit of a gamble but I bought the 7.5us size & they fitted perfectly. I managed to track down a second pair & bought them as well. LOVE THEM.
B001CHCTMC The perfect everyday shoe I have gone through 2 pairs of these (in 4 years or so) including walking all around the UK, Scotland and France in them. They are perfect. They fit my feet snugly, rarely get dirty, and match almost every outfit. I haven't had a problem with them ever -- except that the heels of the soles get worn out after about 2 years of hard use. I'm getting my third pair tomorrow and would recommend them to anyone and everyone.
B001CHCTMC have had them for 4 years, still love them! I bought these shoes 4 years ago in a department store, and they are the love of my sneaker life. I'm wearing them right now. They're SO comfy and durable. The only thing i recommend doing them is buying them a half size bigger, and putting suede protector on. I never did and wore them to a music festival. However, even with the suede not being in great condition, they look and feel awesome. No other sneaker ever lived up to it!
B001CHCTMC Very cool! - I needed a second pair I purchased this shoe after attending physical therapy for my foot and my trainer wore PUMAs everyday.  She stated that they were so comfortable and that's all she wears.  I checked a few places and the PUMA sneakers were very affordable on Amazon.  They arrived promptly and she was right, they are comfortable.  I wear them nearly every day.  Great buy at a good price, so I bought a second pair.
B001CHCTQI 5 stars! I've bought PUMA for my 12 years old, she likes it a lot. Very happy with this pair.
B001CHEOW0 Great shoes, that have stood the test of time I've had these for over 2 years now, and they are still in good condition. My most comfortable pair of shoes ever. Would definitely replace them with a similar pair, but these are so durable I don't think that will happen anytime soon.Pros:- Nice style- Lightest and most comfortable shoes ever- Durable all around (just had to replace the laces since they had worn out after a year)Cons:- Not really a flaw, but one issue I have with these shoes is that my longer pants/jeans go under my heels (in lack of a better way to describe it) Some other shoes have small tabs that prevent this from happening. I think these being low-profile and non-bulky, and not having the tab is causing this to happen only with these.Overall, strongly recommended. Would buy another pair for sure.
B001CHEPW4 Great all around sneaker Very durable and all around comfortable shoe. I wear them when im out and about or at work. I got them in black so they pair with almost anything. I ordered these in a size 7.5 mens. I am a 9 womens and they fit my feet perfectly. I like Puma brand shoes because they last longer and dont fall apart as fast as some nike brand shoes ive owned.
B001CHEPW4 Puma The Suede shoes This is my son's third pair of these Pumas.  He doesn't want to wear any other shoe; orders new colors.  The fit and look are great, and they are always comfortable.  I appreciate the fact that they are well made and last a long time.  Great shoes!
B001CHEPW4 The Freshest Kicks They arrived within the fortnight,In an undamaged box, the right size and with all the lacesthey were meant to come with. I was made aware of any chargesway before i bought the shoes so i knew exactly what i was getting.Well worth it.
B001CHEPW4 Fab These are the best sneakers. Comfy, like wearing slippers. And fab to look at. Gets lots of "I used to where those" comments. They wear out, I just order a new pair off Amazon.
B001CHEPW4 Blast from my past. These Pumas may not be the most comfortable sneaker out there nowadays, but they bring me back to my childhood. Growing up during my grammar school years, you weren't cool if you didn't have a pair of leather or suede Puma "Clydes". When I saw they were back, I immediately bought them in blue and white suede. As for the shoe itself, I find they run a little small and narrow compared to most modern athletic shoes. Padding and cushioning are at a minimum. The original Pumas were designed as a basketball shoe. Today, these would not be considered a good basketball sneaker. They're best for walking and plain everyday wear. I really like them even if they aren't perfect. Every time I look down at my feet, it takes me back 30+ years.
B001CHEPW4 Comfortable Classic I've owned a pair of these for about 6 years. A single pair. Yes the suede is a little faded but that just adds character. The best pair of shoes I have ever owned!
B001CHEPW4 I LOVE these shoes. This is my 3rd pair of blue Puma suedes since 1995. I love them. Comfy, cool and hold up well.
B001CHEPW4 Expected More I'm pretty sure I had a pair of these shoes when I was younger that lasted me a while. That's certainly not the case for the pair I recently bought.I'll start off the review by explaining that I'm a college student at a state school with a pretty large campus, so I do a fair share of walking everyday. Now perhaps it's my fault for buying a pair of suede shoes in the dead of winter, but I would expect shoes to be able to take some sort of beating. These shoes started showing signs of wear after about a month.I bought these shoes from a Puma store in a mall in about mid-January. It's now April 2nd and a) the suede on these shoes is frayed and looks worn b) the little bit of treading that these shoe had in the first place is starting to smooth away and c) the worst part is the soles are deteriorating! I can push in on the sole and almost poke my heel. This, of course, is starting to make my feet hurt when I walk, which is the whole reason I bought new shoes in January!Bottom line, I gave these shoes 3 stars because I think these shoes look nice, and they're comfy, so that's good. But if you do moderate/heavy walking (which I'd expect most people to...) they probably won't last. They WERE only $60, but I thought Puma was a good name. I guess I'm in the market for shoes again!
B001CHER90 a super product at best available price this was a dream sneaker that i longed to have. i got it on Amazon at the most competetive price. i am happy for this purchase.
B001CHER90 Looks nice but not comfortable I purchased this over a year ago and is my least favorite pair of Pumas I own.  It looks very nice, but is not comfortable to walk around in and especially not suitable for basketball.Things I like:1.)Great looking pair of sneakers.2.)Good qualityThings I don't like:1.)Uncomfortable to wear for extraneous use.  Needs better padding and cushioning.2.)Low cut for basketball...but good for regular use.There are better choices out there and I would suggest trying these on before you purchase them online.  Not all pumas are comfortable.
B001CHER90 exactly what i want I've purchased the same pair over and over. Love them. Durable, clean and exactly what I want. I buy the white on white BC I'm in the carpet business and they hold up while not leaving marks on the carpet.
B001CHER90 Nice I ordered these shoes because I like the retro look they have. Once I received them I was pleased as to how they fit. They are snug and well padded. I pimped around the house with them on and remembered the good old days. Right now these are my favorite sneakers and I have around 25 pairs. I wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair at all.
B001CHER90 I want this product again !!!! I had a apartment fire and lost these great pair of sneaks. I LOVED THEM !!!! They were comfortable and just had some great outfits with them .  I am okay , unscathed and unhurt ( Thank God ) , but i do miss these pair.
B001CHER90 what a great deal more then half off store prices I keep geting complaments and then buy a pair for the person for xmas it also comes in great colers
B001CHF4GK Love these shoes These shoes are a very cute sporty flat. I ordered a half size smaller and it is a snug but good fit. On the first day my heal was a little raw. That is my only real complaint. I love these shoes and would like a pair in every color. They look great with jeans. I got many compliments on these shoes. I would recommend!
B001CHF4GK awesome shoes!! These shoes are the best sporty little flats -I wear a 9 in most shoes-actually wore an 8.5 in these- little breaking in required, very comfortable for walking. I actually bought my first pair at a PUMA store in grey. I found the brown on amazon, and had to have another pair!
B001CHG1YY Only get the Pumas Any brand i have ever bought has not held up for more than a year. Pumas will last you as long as 2.5  years as my last pair did. these ones get very comfortable when you break them in and look good. I wear them to work, school, and anywhere else i end up. Great shoe for the price.
B001CHG1YY Comfy! Great materials! Well worth the money. I have small wide feet and they fit me perfect. I want at least three more pair lol
B001CHG1YY Awesome Puma.  Love it.  This blue is EXACTLY what I wanted...true to picture (but prettier in person).  They come with fat white laces as well as the blue ones.  The puma mark is cream.  LOVE LOVE LOVE.  They fit as expected...I wear a 9 women, so ordered a 7.5 men... most of them on amazon are marked as both...if not, order 1 1/2 sizes down to get a women's size and with Puma that normally works.  These are good quality. I want more LOL
B001CHG1YY Swaged Economical and stylish . What more can i say these shoes are awesome, i also have these in black and white.
B001CHG1YY Great buy i liked the product, i received what i expected. Very pleased in the order. Also sends an additional pair of laces, which is pretty cool.
B001CHG1YY Great Sneaker I bought a pair of these over a week ago and decided to wait before I ordered a second pair as to the fit. Love these sneakers, inexpensive, nice and fit according to size.
B001CHG1YY Could not find anything like these at a store Never had a pair of Puma. Needed to replace my Vans. Love them. Came with option of black or white laces. Comfortable and cool!
B001CHG1YY Perfect skateboard shoe! Fabulous. Bought them for my 13 year old son to skate in. They are perfect. I even now want a pair!!
B001CHG1YY Hubby needed shoes! My husband is a very picky person when it comes to cloths and shoes. It really is hit or miss when getting him a gift! So he needed a new pair of casual shoes, and I thought these would be great. I checked 2 of his other pairs for the size, and got him one size too big! Exchanging them was EXTREMELY easy and within two days he had his perfect fitting shoes and loves them! They even come with another pair of dark shoe laces. Overall a great choice and he says they are rather comfy too!
B001CHG1YY Just as described The shoes arrived promptly. I was nervous about ordering shoes online but thought I'd take the chance to save some money. The shoes fit perfectly and are super comfy. I'm thinking about ordering another pair!
B001CHG1YY Really love it! :) Haven't bought puma for the longest time...like 7 years to be exact! This was the redeeming pair for me!!! I love it! Love the color. Love the fact that it has 2 laces - one red and one maroon! Puma's got me now again. :)
B001CHG1YY Best pumas ever I never had a pair of puma before now couldn't buy these kind of name brand you know I had starex,buddy are us,or dollar store variety kicks. When I was a youngster you wear what's givin and dill with it,but that's old school any way first time I seen them I like from the get go, know your size no problems,there smooth and comfortable on the feet walking,standing what ever.I'd buy one more pair but I love my Filas have to have them.Amazon great job man ya do good  work thanks.
B001CHG1YY My favorate pair of shoes I bought these to wear to work on casual Fridays, now I just wear them everywhere. I wear a 10.5 and that's what I ordered. They seem to run true to size. Very comfortable. They came with two sets of laces, one to match the shoe color and another much thicker orange pair to match the orange accent.
B001CHG1YY Love Love Love these. These are quite easily the most comfortable shoes I have ever put on my feet. After I got this pair of Gray/White I followed it up with a pair of Gray/Gray, a pair of Red/White, and a pair of Black/White.
B001CHG1YY Love them Favorite shoes. On my second pair in 5 years. These last awhile if you take decent care of them, even with nearly daily wear. Only complaint is jeans can rub off on the white stripes on the sides, discoloring them a bit, but should come out with some suede cleaner. Will order again in a few years when my current pair wears out! :)
B001CHG1YY nice work is as expected. A pair of sneakers super strong, hardy and beautiful at the same time. Only good ones from amazon.
B001CHG1YY Am returning them Inside seam on left shoe was rough and not finished on the inside. Also the pair sent was marked wrong in the paperwork. Shoes sent were 7.5 instead of womens 9.Rating 2
B001CHG1YY Love these shoes This is my third pair of Puma Suede, the second black one. I love these shoes. Really comfortable and cool. Thanks!
B001CHG1YY Love these shoes Timeless, comfortable, great look. What more to say. They looked good on me 20 years ago and still do now! 2 lace options white and blue.
B001CHG1YY Classic I wore these 40 years ago in high school.  Still a great shoe and if memory serves, the price is about the same as 40 years ago!
B001CHG1YY PUMA Unisex Suede Classic Sneaker,Black/White,7 M US Women's/5.5 PUMA Unisex Suede Classic Sneaker,Black/White,7 M US Women's/5.5  it is great !Thank you very much for the item and quick shippment
B001CHG1YY I got tired of going to the Puma store I've had these shoes in the past and got tired of running to the store ( I hate malls) so I got them online.  It's a great shoe and it arrived very quickly.  I'll order the again from here when these wear out.  Pumas are typically a flatter insole so if you have a high arch these may not be the best for you.  For skateboarding they are great.
B001CHG1YY Fun Sneakers I love the look of these sneakers.  They look really nice with a pair of jeans and great for running around on the weekend.  They also came with black and white laces so you can choose your own style.
B001CHG1YY Classic sneakers They fit just like I did in high school! I just wanted to treat myself to a pair. After all I deserve to, once in a while!
B001CHG1YY i love this the material is really good. when i wear this pair of shoes i feel really soft. the bottom of this pair of shoes is really good.
B001CHG1YY PUMA SHOES: TOO COOL! Puma shoes have always been a favourite of mine due to their comfort and fit and this pair are to Puma's usual excellent standard.The colour's are way cool too!
B001CHG1YY SICK! I love my Blue Suede shoes!  And you can't beat the price I paid with Amazon.  A+I'll be back for more soon.
B001CHG1YY Love the classics! I'm a sucker for all things nostalgic and these sneakers are all of that. Simple, good looking, and comfy like an old pair of jeans. Love the colour.Enjoy, a great deal.&#8203;
B001CHG1YY excellent pair Comfortable like always, definitely getting another pair in the future. Puma hasn't let me down yet. Two enthusiastic  thumbs up
B001CHG1YY Love them They look and feel way cooler than I thought my self. Several commented that would pick up a pair for themselves
B001CHG1YY Classic PUMA I had a pair of Pumas in the classic suede style years ago and loved them. When I saw these on sale for $30 with promo code, I jumped on them. The colors are really nice, a little brighter than shown in the pictures. They fit as advertised compared to other Pumas and Nikes.
B001CHG1YY Puma suede sneakers I love these shoes and they were a great price.  I've got them in several colors and everyone thinks they are cool.
B001CHG1YY Still look well made for the price I used to love these sneakers. As I hadn't been able to find them locally, I bought a pair when I saw them on Amazon. As they were only available in D width I was a little concerned. I was right to be concerned, and while the construction seemed to be the same, my feet have apparently spread out. So while I was able to get them on they were a little snug. That being said, they probably would have streched out, as they are made of suede. So I sent them back. Some things you just have to go to the store for
B001CHG1YY Cool Stuff! I really love the shoe and plan on getting another pair. They are a little small but I hope they stretch out a bit.
B001CHG1YY Awesome shoe, Great style I love these shoes.  Very well made.  Quality workmanship.  I would definitely recommend these to others looking for a great retro sneaker.
B001CHG1YY Buying again I purchased these for my husband a few years ago. They were worn almost every day for two+ years. The suede exterior holds up very well and allows enough stretch for a wider instep to fit comfortably without the whole shoe being extra wide. It is now time to buy new shoes and he just wants another pair of these.
B001CHG1YY I love my PUMA Suede Classic This is like my 3rd pair and they are great.  I have wide feet and in a wheelchair.  So because the shoes run small, I usually wear a size 12, I buy 14's and they are perfect for me.  In fact I'm getting ready to buy another pair soon, they are fun.  Lou
B001CHG1YY very comfy, nice everyday shoes Color is exactly how I hoped it would be( forest night lux). The shoes have a firm feel with skater style padding on the sides. Only took an afternoon or two to get a feel for them. The shoes breathe quite well. Not sure why people are ordering wrong sizes for? These are my first pair of pumas and I ordered the size I always have and they fit great.Actually these fit so nice that ive purchased another pair but different style of pumas and Im considering ordering more once summer hits.
B001CHG1YY Great shoe at a great price When I found this shoe, with such a great price and selection, I figured I'd take a shot at buying a pair of shoes online (something I'd never do) knowing with Amazon's excellent customer service I could send them back if there was a problem. Not only did they fit perfect, they were great quality and look really good.
B001CHG1YY love them I have always loved black and red together, plus they are suede, this is just one awesome shoe. Thank you
B001CHG1YY Great casual shoe More comfortable than a pair of Chucks & every bit as good as a suede pair of Addidas. Great color combination - the Orange and Grey look awesome.  I wouldn't play basketball in them...although you could skate in them.  Happy I made the purchase!
B001CHG1YY NICE I really love this pair. Fits very well for me. Recommended to everyone who love PUMA. This is a good quality.
B001CHG1YY great These are exactly the same as my last pair. Perfect fit, even came with both sets of laces. Very happy customer
B001CHG1YY puma sude just wanna say i love these shoes for dancing,and when i got them they looked perfect and i received them fast as well...i will be buying my next pair form here,,,thanks
B001CHG1YY Im happy :) Never purchased footwear online before but was satisfied with the purchase. Pumas were a little narrow but believe will stretch in time. I had not found or wore a pair of Pumas since my high school years, 40 years ago!!! Thanks Amazon.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes quick I absolutely love these shoes and they showed up in a very timely manner I wear them to work everyday and all my co workers want a pair just like them because they match our uniforms
B001CHG1YY Product better than in picture I received it in quick time and fits perfect, haven't worn it as yet and got 3 complements already. will be getting another pair.
B001CHG1YY I love these shoes. I love these shoes. As comfortable as a pair of house slippers.  I cant wait to order some more.
B001CHG1YY Super comfortable! This is my first ever pair of Pumas and I can honestly say it wont be my last. They look great, fit great, and are super comfortable! Good price, too!
B001CHG1YY I ordered 2 more pairs of these.  Best shoe ever ! I searched high & low for these shoes !  Finally found them on AMAZON !!!!  THANK YOU !!!!!!!  These Puma's are like walking on marshmallows !!!
B001CHG1YY puma My son loves them he won't another pair he want a black and white pair and black and red pair
B001CHG1YY old school Love them. had a pair when i was younger and did appreciate them. i do now. a lot of the fellas were asking nice kicks! alot of folks just look down at my feet and smiled!!
B001CHG1YY Classic puma I had a pair of these back in high school. They are just like I remember. Fit is good I am happy with the purchase.
B001CHG1YY Perfect...great service Fast shipping...just what I wanted....the best shoes ever one could ask for in this lifetime...everyone is jealous of my old school Pumas
B001CHG1YY The nicest pair of Pumas I've owned to date!! The Suede Olympic Blue pair of Pumas are dope ! I love the color in person , plus they came with a fat pair of white laces !!! Pretty cool ! Thank you again Amazon for the great customer service !! Sincerely , Troy !!!
B001CHG1YY More compliments with this shoe than any others EVER! My wife hates these shoes.  She thinks I'm going through a second childhood.  I never left my first one though.  Anyway, I've had more compliments on these shoes than I've ever had with any shoes in my life.  Seriously!  They're a little 1979 retro.  I'll buy more.
B001CHG1YY Great Find At a Great Price! I have worn this style of PUMA for quite a few years. I was searching for this same shoe for the last two years and finally found it at a GREAT price.
B001CHG1YY To the Puma fans Very pleased I was worried the sizing would ruin my hopes of returning to my styling of puma days .....I grew up watching Clyde Frazier and wore I them in HS in 70's, they are very classy and a  dressy for a sneaker ....I ended up buying 3 pair Black Suede, and new Earth Brown and a White mesh style, very comfy so far but haven't wore them enough to offer a full review...
B001CHG1YY Neat! I like this pair of shoes especially by the white stripe, they are very confortable, try them!, they are trully recommended
B001CHG1YY Throwback Buying this pair of sneakers takes me back to the 80's and makes me smile whenever I put them on.  They fit well and I act like I did in the 80's, I do not wear them in the rain and I have a brush for them.  These are exactly what I was looking for.
B001CHG1YY Good shoes and require good care I love the bright red color and the comfort of the shoes; however, the extra white laces provided are extremely wide making then useless to me and the suede material is prone to nearly permanent staining and damage if not cared for very well. In general, I would recommend these to anyone who isn't planning on anything too athletic and seeks a lighter colored shoe with reasonable comfort.
B001CHGJBY puma 917 i bought these pair for a friend and he just love it!!!! in fact i like the old school style it has!!
B001DVP10E Great for artificial and grass (dry weather) I love these shoes and I hope they don't stop making them.  There are lots more and slightly shorter cleats than on regular soccer shoes which makes them perfect for artificial turf fields as well as dry weather, short grass fields.  I don't have to buy more than one pair of shoes.
B001E1EJ1U Very nice shoes My nephew loved these shoe. He has barely taken them off since they arrived.They arrived very quickly.The shoes fit perfect to size.I will probably be buying another pair. Highly recommended .
B001E1EJ1U Loving the Old School!! Had a pair a long time ago and thought it would be cool to have it again!! Loving the old school!
B001E1EJ1U Good memories Very nice shoe takes me back 2 when I was in high school 19yr. ago good memories great times @ Aggie high
B001E1EJ1U Happy feet I love these shoes.  They have been around since I was in high school.  I recommend these shoes to everyone.
B001E1EJ1U ALL WHITE JUST RIGHT! I SO LOVE PUMA'S NOT A BIG FAN OF ALL WHITE SNEAKERS BUT THESE WAS A MUST HAVE FOR SPRING/SUMMER!
B001E1EJ1U GVS'in Love this sneaker for little boys! My kids are 7 and 6 and these are the freshest white sneakers for them! They even ask for GVS  now!
B001FA1RGU They stay on! I love these little kicks... They go on quickly which is essential when outfitting a squirmy little one.  I like the faux laces which make them appear a little more "grown-up".  My son has them in yellow and all the other mommies at the park pay him compliments on his jazzy little sneaks... They also stay on his chubby little piggies which I cannot say so much for his red Chucks (the back of those are just too low - plus they lace which I don't recommend even though they are adorable... I digress...)These Pumas also wash well - threw them right in the washing machine in one of those little "delicates" bags so that the Velcro would not highjack one of my knits and they came out like new...These are fantastic for your little love bug that is just on the verge of walking - highly recommend!!
B001GPM42K Very Comfotable..! Great Sneakers..!  Love the design and the lightness of these.. plus they were at a great price..! what more can you ask for..!
B001H0EV7K I LOVE these flip flops! I bought these in New York City 6 years ago while on vacation (since the shoes I brought were killing me).  They didn't need any "breaking in".. they were comfortable the moment I put them on.. and they have finally worn completely out!  So, I m buying another pair here.  I have bought other flip flops, but nothing compares.  I will put on the worn out Pumas before my newer, "other" flip flops every time!  They are by far the most comfortable flip flops I have ever owned!  I would DEFINITELY recommend them to anyone!!!
B001H0EV7K Had a long time I've had these sandals for over 3 years and living in texas they get a work-out considering its summer here 8 months of the year. Im so happy with them i just purchased a second pair. Just in case my originals get destroyed. Which they haven't.
B001H0EW0Q PUMA MENS BASKET BRIGHTS SNEAKERS BOUGHT A PAIR FOR MY HUSBAND HE LOVES IT, THE ONLY THING IS THAT IT NEEDS A LITTLE BREAKING IN THEN ITS FINE, ALSO PUMA IS HIS FAVORITE BRAND NEXT TO ADIDAS, HE GREW UP 60'S AND 70'S MY HUSBAND IS OG FOR LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THANKS AGAIN AMAZON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B001H0EY2C retro kicks for the new millennium These shoes are incredibly comfortably, and look awesome. I was skeptical at first, but ever since I have received my pair of Red/White/Blue, I have not found a single flaw. These shoes will bring the old school back into your life and then some. Get a couple pairs of these things and wear a different color each day!
B001H0EY2C Hip, yet comfy Hey, I won't lie. I like hip shoes. However, my feet don't have the best arches. And while these shoes look like your average hipster lowtops, they provide much more support, arch, and comfort that something like an adidas shell-toe or Converses.I've got a pair of black-reds, and received complements on them.Just bought a pair of "elephant" colored ones, and they fit great.I was suprised to see that there are far more colors available here than at the Puma store on Market St. in San Francisco.
B001H0EY5E love it! order was delivered promtly, sneakers are great(that's my second pair already), style is universal,you can wear those with jeans or yoga pants, capris or shorts!reason I gave 4 stars is the sizing!1 to 1.5  of your size off(usually +)! So, be carefool there!
B001H0F0Q6 Great all around shoes! I'm very active and use these pumas for everything from just walking to playing basketball to anything else that comes up. Durable, low to the ground and simple. My old pair is just dirty but never broken. I want a new pair.
B001H0F42Q Completely Satisfied I had been looking for this particular style of PUMA shoes online for about 2 months. I finally found it & in the right size, on Amazon & promptly picked it up.I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that they delivered the product well before the estimated time of delivery, I think almost 2 days in advance.The shoes were also in great condition & just they way they were pictured on the site. I also received a coupon from the trader / dealer for an off season sale on other shoe brands.Overall, I am completely satisfied with this purchase.
B001H0F42Q Look better in photos, heel rubbed badly I purchased these for alternative work shoes as they looked dressy enough for my business casual atmosphere. I was excited when they arrived although they looked much better in the photos. When I put them on, one felt somewhat loose but you can attribute that to the single crossing Velcro in place of laces. I wore them to work and noticed immediately in the parking lot that one of them rubbed against my Achilles tendon. It was unbearable as I could not leave my office for most of the night, and I have a job that requires me to check on staff periodically. Its really too bad as these shoes are pretty fancy. Perhaps I just had a bad pair since only one rubbed. Shoemania has been great in offering an exchange or refund, without incurring additional shipping costs.
B001H0FFQG Shoemania Rocks Puma's! My wife ordered a pair of Speed Cats for me for Christmas and I just love them!! They came quickly and in pristeen condition! They have become my "Every day shoe" and are perfect!!Thanks Shoemania!Marty M.
B001H0FGWY Awesome Shoes! I've finally found a pair of pumas that would be both functional and stylish. Delivery was quick too :)
B001H0FGWY Another great pair of Pumas I have 3 other pairs of Pumas that I love and this pair just adds to that...sporty looking, durable and very comfortable I'd recommend these to anyone.  Another fantastic Puma shoe.
B001H0FHEG Simply one of the most comfortable shoes! I ordered this item on March 24 and received them on my birthday (the 30th). This is also after I selected the free shipping with the 7-10 business days, and they were shipped two days after I placed the order! They were almost instantly broken in and are simply one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned! I was in physical therapy for knee surgery up until a few days ago and I ordered these shoes for that occasion as well. I wore them the next day and every appointment following and constantly received compliments on them (I own the beet purple). My family also comment on them all the time as well. I couldn't have asked for a better shoe and better service. THANK YOU!!!
B001H0FMAK It Fits! Its Comfortable! Excellent Customer Service Finally, good shoes that fit my size 14 feet. They arevery comfortable and extremely easy to slip on and off. Unfortunately,i've only worn them for a week and it does seem that a small piece on theupper portion of the lip of my shoe is beginning to peel.After leaving this review on Eastbay's website, I was contacted by customer service within 24hrs apologizing for my 'defective' shoe and they then gave me the option to return it for another pair. EXCELLENT Customer service :-)UPDATE- I bought another pair in white/black, these shoes are comfortable :-)
B001H0FMQE Great Shoes! these shoes are wonderful!  they're super light and comfortable.  this is the first pair of shoes i've ever bought w/o trying them on first, and the fit was perfect - so true to size.  i highly recommend!
B001H0FMQE The best Im writing almost 4 years after the purchase but i want to say im still having this shoes and they are so comftable that i want another one love them
B001H0FW9G Nice! Bought these recently in dark blue, which is really a midnight blue. They are well made and nice, and they are a snug fit like they are a pair of indoor track shoes. The sale price was reasonable, too.
B001H317U6 Nice looking and design Wear it everyday since last summer. I know it's time to get a pair of new shoes, just loved it too much!
B001H31B3E Not bad. These shoes can take brutal punishment! For any B-Boy, we know that shoes don't last very long when they are on our feet. However, I've had the steppers for almost 1 1/2 years and they have stood the test of time. Especially when they are exposed to the elements such as rain (The great northwest of america). Unfortunately, they did rip after 1 1/2 years of hell. I would literally dance, run in the rain, walk on mud, etc all in one day. but they still kept strong until today. There is no doubt in my mind that Puma makes quality products . But anyways, i am for sure getting another fresh pair! Once they get my size back in stock! I give them 4 solid stars. I just wished they could have lasted for half a year more!P.S They are up to par with puma suedes in terms of b-boy shoes.
B001HX37RC Love it - but it is a lil too big I really love the bag,i bought it for college and at the beginning i felt like it was too big.. but after a few days i got used to it.. and i really love it, it is perfect.i can carry my books and my 13" Laptop and it looks sporty with style..i definitely Recommend it.. but if u're a short person u might think about it first 'cause u  may look awkward with it.. it's a lil bit big.
B001HX37RC Awkward bag... Although the color and material is good ,it's Way too big and looks awkward.I decided to buy it as a gift for a friend,first when I looked at the pic it was great and the price was reasonable but when I received it ,I was disappointed with the style,I'm wondering these stupid designers at Puma don't think about the stuff they design ,its too thin and almost two feet long ,rectangular shape that the only thing you can put in is paper or 20 inch laptop (if someone has one).I only recommend this if you are a mail man!!
B001KRYBZM Classic Style with Puma Flavor This is one of my favorite pair of sneakers. It looks great and they tend to catch people's attention while not being flashy. Very comfortable as well.  I highly recommend these.
B001M4G0ES For the price they're great! I bought my first pair of pumas 4 years ago for almost $80 those are sturdier and have more padding along the inside than these do. The laces on these are cheap compared to my other pair, so I'll probably get new laces. I also got them in a size 9 like my old pair but they seem a bit bigger. I think they may have changed their sizing over the years a bit, but it still works! I read some comments about them being a slim fit which if you even looked at the pictures you should have known this! I love more slim fit shoes like these and they go with just about everything!  Puma brand isn't cheap so being $30 less than my other pair I still think these are very nice and I got what I paid for!
B001M4G0ES $75 WASTE!! We gave it 2 stars only becuase they appeal to the eyes. I bought a pair for my fiance...she wore them once and haven't wore them since. They are not comfortable at all they dug into the back of her ankles, leaving a permanent scar.
B001OOMTJ6 Most comfortable shoes! I love these sneakers! They are so comfortable that I got them in both black and white. I have been wearing them all summer long and I never tire.
B001OOMW20 Nice shoes Let me begin by saying I LOVE Puma shoes. However, their sizing is the worst I have ever encountered. I wear a 9 1/2 in their repli cats and these were a 9 and almost too big. Also, I ordered the black/grey ballerinas as well and there were sizing differences between the 2 colors!!! These shoes flare out a little on the top/side and any more flaring would resemble a clown shoe, so these are borderline too wide on the top. However, they are very comfy and stylish so I like them!! Watch your sizes though!
B001OOMWIO Amazingly comfortable JSYK, I am not really a runner so I am not qualified to judge these shoes in that capacity.  I walk and walk/jog daily, plus I need rubber or non-slip shoes for work, so I wanted shoes that would function for both activities.These shoes look great, and are extremely comfortable.  The "tongue" is actually part of the inside cushioning, so it can't move out of place or bunch up.  I bought these at a puma store and tried on the all white ones and the blue ones, as well as this silver/grey/pink model (note, there is no navy blue -- look closely at the pictures).  Because I have huge feet (9.5 women) I found this one was the most complementary. While I was there I also bought some wheelspin models [...] that look fantastic.
B001OOMXTW excelent shoes I have owned several pairs of these puma benny sneakers. They are very comfortable and have a very supportive built in arch. If you are used to shoes that do not have arch support and are completely flat inside the arch may seem too high but as you get used to having support you will find that it is just right. These pumas last just as long as any other tennis shoes I have owned (own one pair, wear them every day until they are worn out then buy new shoes).
B001OOMXTW Cool, Comfortable, Durable Puma Bennys are possibly the most comfortable sneakers on the planet.  I have trouble finding shoes that are comfortable and decently good looking.  I had my last pair for about a year and bought a new pair to replace them recently.  They did start to get a little uncomfortrable, but I wore them all the time.  I can wear them all day and walk for miles in the city without any discomfort.
B001OOMYA0 Just came in yesterday They came in yesterday and I bboyed in them all night. They didn't hurt my feet which is a plus and I will be updating as I continue to use them. :]] So far they are a pair of sexy shoes
B001OON40E Save your money for something better I bought these sneakers (first and probably the last Puma shoes)at local Puma retail store for 80$ and within 3 months of moderate use, the upper clothing portion near the ankle starting ripping off slowly on both sides on left as well as right pair. This makes me question the quality of the material used. I don't know if I can get them returned or exchanged or probably just send mail to Puma directly complaining them about the quality.
B001OONCOW Killer Shoes Looked everywhere for these shoes!!!Puma Store Puma Outlet and everywhere online Zappos to the China Boarder. Amazon not only had them in my size I received 20 off of my order.PERFECT!!!!!These shoes are fire engine red and very loud..I love them with black workout pants or dark jeans. Like dont look good with shorts at all.The shoe is very comfortable and very stylish.
B001OONCOW Best Puma Shoe Ever I probably own at 12 pairs of Puma's, but these are the best pair I own, just ordered two more pair. Unlike the rest of the Puma line, these shoes are sturdy and give you plenty of support. They are very stylish and I can wear them to work on casual day with a nice pair of slacks. I would recoomend this shoes to anyone, however make sure you buy at leaset 1/2 size bigger than your regular size.
B001QDEV1E Lookout for defective products Nobody expects a defect from a giant sports company like PUMA to sell. The track pant I received was left unstitch about 2 inches and it was after going to gym for workout I realized the defect. It was very embarrassing.
B001QXC7R4 The Whole Man My husband has this suite by puma and also gotten the sneaker to match.  He look so handsome in them.  He has become a puma man away with the Nike brand he used to wear.
B001RMHPG2 Inexpensive Quality! I'm a former professional soccer player and college soccer coach.  I have 3 children who all play soccer and each has his/her preference in shoes.  My oldest daughter has gravitated to Nike, my 12 year old son likes Puma Kings but my youngest daughter is locked on this shoe.  I've offered her the option of trying more expensive ones and even ordered a pair for her.  She wore them for one practice and asked me if I could get her these again.  She's had a few color combinations but absolutely loves these Pumas.  Puma V5.08 SL I FG Soccer Cleat Kids  I love the price-tag!
B001TDDL8A These shoes are awesome By and far the best pair of shoes I have ever worn. I first ran in the Tenos Vs a few years ago and while looking for another pair found that they are now making the VI. It my look a little different but they still feel the same. I think the treads wearout a tittle faster than other running shoes but the feel more than makes up for it.
B001UQ6VYW great as part of a gift I bought this for my little nephew as part of his Christmas gift - perfect for the price!
B001VH70GS Sneaker art I am strictly an Adidas man, but I could see the brilliance in the silver, red, and black.  Puma has created sneaker art in this cool shoe.  Very light shoe, so good for any occasion.  I prefer to use these as formal shoes, but they would work for athletics too.  I am considering getting the black and blue ones, I like them that much.  Cheapest and one of the coolest sneakers I own.
B001VH736K It's a pair of very comfortable shoes I've been quite "cheap" on shopping. I've never bought any kind of shoes worth more than 80 dollars. This pair of running shoes is the best deal I've ever got under 80 bucks. They are light, pretty, and comfortable. White and blue have always been my favorite colors, so it's perfect for me. The cushioning design is very good I must say. I've been wearing it alot since I got.
B001VH7FA4 AWESOME! I am a big work out junkie and have never owned a pair of pumas.  I usually go for shox for comfort at the gym but I think I have a new favorite.  I got a pair for christmas and I love them.  They are light in weight(a plus if you are a runner) and really really comfortable, like a pair of shoes that are already broken in. The solid cover still allows your feet to breathe so they don't get hot and they will stay white longer(for those who love white shoes but get dirty easily).  I recommend these shoes for gym goers or just plan runners! Also I get a lot of compliments on them too. Good job puma for putting new colors on your shoes. Comfort+style+functionality PERFECT!
B001VH7Q5S Favorites bought these shoes years ago, were some of my favorite pairs ive ever used. Thinking about possibly buying some again. Very comfortable.
B001VH7QS0 PUMA Women's Etoile Cat Sneaker,Black/White,8.5 B I had to find black shoes for work. This is my second pair of Puma's and I'm addicted to them. I do a lot of walking at my job and these shoes are unbelievably comfortable! I'm debating on getting a second pair for outside of work!
B001VH7QS0 Great for Zumba! I bought these for Zumba and they are fabulous. The shoes have the "pivot-ball" on the bottom and a sole that provides enough traction that you don't slide all over the dance floor, but not so much that you'd hurt your joints. I found them to be more comfortable, flexible, and lightweight than the other brands I tried on (for example: Nike). They were very reasonably priced and it didn't hurt that the black pair matched my Zumba pants. Love the shoes!
B001VH7RWA Always wanted a pair I always wanted a pair of these type of shoes.  I finally have them and I love them.  I have really bad feet and have a hard time finding shoes that I can wear with out my orthodics, I finally found a pair.  I have extremely high arched feet and this pair of Puma's are the only shoe I have ever bought that has amazing support.  I wore them all weekend and never got a blister (often happens with new shoes) and my feet didn't hurt one bit, I was so surprised as I have a hard time breaking in shoes.  Love the color brown and love the feel of the suede.  Not a shoe to go puddle jumping or hiking in, great for errands a night on the town etc....I love them and WILL buy more.....
B001VH7YBE rainbow sneakers I love my sneakers. The colors are so pretty. They are very light and comfortable. The price was also amazing.
B001VH81NO Stylish shoes.. Good shoes. Great price. They really grab people attention. But in my experience people either love them or hate em'. They also come with two sets of shoelaces. For the orange pair they come also with green laces. The one problem i have is that the inside is really plasticy. So you could get blisters if you wore them alot.
B001VH81PM OMG................:-) I bought this as a gift for my girl friend for her B-day i was a lil unsure at first but when i got it,it looked Great....OMG so good that i had to reorder 2 for her sisters as well an they all love them....... and there a steal at this price
B001VH832I Perfect Great shoe for weight lifting.  Snug at first, then stretches and are amazingly light and comfortable.  Like a fine leather glove.  Very reasonable price as well.  All of the puma shoes are great.
B001VH8968 LOOKS GOOD BUT FITS BAD I always loved to own a pair of PUMA branded shoes and this one was my first buy. It looks exactly the same, as in the picture but they were very slender for my feet. Anyways, I tried it on, but it left my feet with bruises every time I wore them. This shoe is definitely not for women with slightly board feet. My friends loved its look and that is the reason why I give a rating 3 else it would have been 1/2 star.Advice: Be double sure about your feet size before you buy this 'little' black flats.
B001VH8GRA Great Shoe - Comfortable and Great Looking!! This is one of the best looking shoes that I bought for my long time gf, who absolutely loved them.  In fact, I bought this shoe, the stone/yellow combo and off-white chucks for her this past Christmas (not "Holiday" season but Christmas is what it's called).  She loved the look of this one best of all three, and though she wears them all she really gravitates to this pair - Hortensia/Light Blue combo.  On top of that, I have the boy version of this type of shoe (different color combos - Black/Gold = Saints fan shoes, and the Dark Gray, Yellow and White combo), and they are the most comfortable shoes that we both own.  They are super comfortable right out of the box!!  Get these shoes asap, you will NOT regret the purchase!
B001VH8GRA i love these shoes! These shoes are so comfy that I bought them a few days after I had already bought new shoes. The colors are great, the fit is perfect for my narrow-ish feet, and the feeling of walking on the tread is just so cool. Seriously, the micro-villi like tread is awesome. It moves a little when you walk, so it takes some getting used to, but it doesn't slide or anything.These shoes will get you compliments and you will love to wear them. The only downsides are that if you kick them off without untying the laces, there is no way you can put them back on without untying and then retying the laces. Maybe it's lazy, but it's a daily occurrence. Other people have mentioned small rocks and stuff getting caught in the tread... that does happen, but not nearly as often as people made it sound. It's not that bad- but when it does happen, it feels really weird to walk.Overall, I LOVE these shoes!
B001VKXF6Y Puma, Baby, Puma Puma has become my new favorite brand of sneakers.  I love the comfort and quality of this product.  From here on out, I will always buy Puma brand.  These sneakers look great and feel amazing.  I have tried many athletic shoes in the past, but Puma brand, by far, has been the best!
B001VKXFTG For girls who want to look good The first puma sneakers I got was the Puma Sequin, the sibling of this Key N Sneaker. I like the sequin a little bit more, but both models look similar and I have to say I love them. Even if people think I'm lame, I buy the similarly looking sneakers. That's how much I love them. I'm quite picky about shoes and sneakers. I promise that you will look good when you put on these sneakers.I've been purchasing three pairs of sneakers from Puma and the brand is in my comfort shopping zone, just like how you love The North Face jackets. The shoe soles are comfy. Try their socks too. And I'm a buyer, not one of Puma's employees who want to endorse the brand.
B001VKXHP8 Gift for mom I have these shoes myself in the pink and grey.  Bought them for my mother as she walks a lot and needed new sneakers.. she now swears by these shoes.Also, seller was great. Fast shipment and easy transaction.
B001VKXHP8 My second pair... This is my second pair of PUMA Voltaic II. I am a nurse and have found this shoe to be comfortable and supportive, even after12 hours on my feet.
B001VKXHP8 SUPER CUTE AND COMFY SHOES!!!!! Love the sneakers!!!!I bought the pink and black and it's super cute,my husband was impressed with the quality and design and told me that this is a good purchase and he  might buy the mens version of the voltaic II.It has good arch support and very comfortable no problems using it to workout and walk.Bought the size i usually wear(have the speed cat in 6.5)and it fits perfectly.Im really happy with these shoes and planning on getting more in different colors.I highly recommend these shoes to everyone specially to picky shoppers like me,plus you can't beat the price you'll pay ordering on this website....THANK YOU AMAZON!!!!!!!
B001VKXHP8 Pumas are my new fav Love these shoes and plan to buy another pair.  I used them on vacation, to walk on the treadmill, and every day wear.  Very comfortable, and I've gotten lots of compliments.  I would say they aren't made for people with wide feet and the first time I wore them I was wondering if I shouldn't have ordered a 1/2 size larger, but they are perfectly fine after the first couple times I wore them.
B001VKXJGA One of the bset shoes I ever owned Like the title says.  I'm only sorry my size is not available or else I would buy another pair.  My current one is too worn out since I literally worn them everywhere, every season.  I received plenty of compliments with these shoes.  They're great for going out on the town. Casual and comfortable enough to walking around and hanging out and also "fancy" enough for more strict venues/clubs.
B001VKXJGA good deal i got these shoes used & they were in perfect condition.these are not expensive shoes but nice to have in the wordrobe.at regular price I would not have purchased them. Ronn
B001VKXPIM Shoes great This is a pair of nice looking sneakers which I think I have not seen anyone with it before in my country. Feels great to be the only one wearing it.
B001VKXX20 wonderful, comfortable shoes These shoes were worth every penny! I would buy this store again, service was great!
B001VKXX20 Love Them Great pair of shoes! Love Puma and this product is no different! Feel great and runs true in terms of sizing! I go to IU, so the red and white was an obvious choice :P
B001VKXX20 Pleasantly suprised! I bought these a few days ago and I love them! They are the most comf pair of shoes I have ever purchased. They have a nice roll when you step so they dont feel stiff. I have had so many girls compliment me on my shoes! These are my first pair of Puma's and could not be more happy. I will be buying another pair in black, the white that I bought get dirty and I cant wear them onto the ball field when I am out coaching my little league team.When I got them there was some sticky stuff on the side but it came right off! So no complaints from me on these. I would recommend them to anyone, just as I have already.
B001VKXX20 puma voltaic II mens blk/slv These shoes would have been great if I had not recieved a pair that had previously been worn and returned!!! These shoes had white scuff marks all over the toe end and there was dirt in the treads. I can't believe they sent me USED shoes!!! I have shopped with amazon for years and have never gotten this kind of poor product. I was very disappointed as this was a b-day gift for my husband.Will probably start looking into a new shopping site since the quality seems to be going down and reaching a PERSON for customer support is impossible!!
B0023NUJUI Super Cool My son would exclaim, "super cool," so I know I hit the mark with these.  Even when he outgrew them, he would try to keep wearing them.  I opted for another pair of Pumas since the brand seems reliable and durable -- both very important with a stylish yet VERY active son.
B0028Y4QHO Excellent quality-have lasted years! I can't even remember when I bought my first pair of these pants - it has been several years (and I wear them a LOT) - yet they still look like the day I got them!  I have big thighs/hips and a small waist with a short inseam (I'm so lucky, right? hah) and they fit very well in the thigh whether I lose a few lbs or gain a few and the length is just right with athletic shoes.  I have been rough on them and always put them in the dryer and they haven't even balled up or anything!  Smooth and great looking.
B0028Y4QJ2 um, awesome. I have this pair in two colors so I knew what I was getting myself into.  These shorts rock, there's really no need to say anything else.  The size fits me perfect and the length is just as shown.  So far it's been a great pair for walking, bike-riding, and gardening.
B0029NYZ8E fantastic this bag is quality, especially when getting it at such a good price like i did during one of amazon's sales. I bought it for a christmas gift, and when it arrived i was so tempted to keep it for myself! :)
B002ACPJ8Y Awesome shoes These are my wife's favorite shoes ever...She wanted another pair for when she wears these out. They are super light and super comfortable.
B002C4JWLU Love them.... This is my 2nd pair of Puma's and I love them - great fit,cool look, very comfortable - I will continue to buy Puma brand.
B002C4K3GS Colorful sneakers! I bought these shoes in the peach/white/hollyhock color.  They are very colorful and well made.  When I wear them I get lots of compliments on them!!
B002C4KAIY Love These Love These. They are cheap, the look great and these sneakers go either way. For Running or wear em casual your choice. Great sneakers.
B002C4KANY My, my, my These are sooo much better than I thought they would be.  I have been trying to find a flat I could wear with jeans, a skirt or a dress... that would be comfortable all day long.  I found the shoe!  They are true to size, and though I thought they might be a little loose at first, they are working out great.  I am thinking about buying a second pair so that when these wear out, I can just bust out the new pair!  They have nice cushioning.  I wore them to work, walked several blocks for lunch, and did my rounds in the office, all in comfort.  I'm kind of a Puma nut so it's no surprise that I think these are super cute. The purple looks great against the black and the toe sparkles just enough to give it some intrigue.  There is a small section of rubber going up the heel that is light grey, like the sole. It's the only thing that lets on to its tennis shoe status.  They are unique and I'd have to say that I absolutely love them!
B002C4KCYG Awesome! I'm not a fan of flat shoes, in fact this is the first pair I've ever owned (apart from runners/winter boots).  I'm getting old now and get tired from being on heels all day so I figured it was time to get a pair of flats.  These are perfect!  They fit well, don't slip off, have some padding for the heel, and look...well, as good as flat shoes can look.  They are actually quite shiny, which may not be evident in the photo
B002C4KFH0 Great Cat. My first pair of Puma's. I do believe I picked the right one! Outstanding piece, both stylish and comfortable. Lots of complements from friends wanting to get a pair. Two friends already have!
B002C4KFKM Puma never disappoints I have never gotten a bad pair of Pumas in the past and these were no different. I love Pumas style they are always comfortable and they will get you tons of compliments. Don't hesitate to pick up a pair.
B002C4KG42 PUMA SNEAKS THE Shoes were awesome..in very good condition. They were supposed to be used but I didnt really find anything used on them. Now all my friends wanna buy them!
B002CATS0O Do yourself a favor and buy a target brand instead Do not buy these socks, I have purchased a pair from Target and they are way better.Also the Adidas brand is pretty excellent. The elastic band on these Pumas does not work at all,I have to pull up these socksevery five minutes. Not happy at all with this product.
B002CATS0O Comfortable but not durable I used it for 3 months before having to get a new pair. Keep in mind I wash it @ least twice a week. It's not really durable just because its really thin. Works fine if ur shoes size run small and u don't want a thick socks. The elastic lasted for about 2 months. The design is pretty cool and looks good
B002CVV7UW My favorite pumas For shoes of this urban style, these kicks have great arch support and soft soles! Can't say that for any Chuck Taylor's I've come across -.-Another thing is, because my feet flatten when I stand, shoes of this kind usually burst out the sides and look terrible. This pair was roomy enough without being considered 'wide.'Highly recommended, wish it were in stock on Amazon.
B002D3IO3M Cheaply made even compared to the classic SpeedCat While I am not too thrilled with the materials used in the original SpeedCat (such as the cardboard insole, imagine what happens if the shoe gets wet), this one is even worse.  Instead of a nice textile lining (I am not even hoping for calfskin) the inside lining which extends from the little padded cuff you see going around the back of the heel is fake leather..feels like you are wearing cheap plastic shoes...this level of quality is acceptable in dollar-store shoes, but I guess here all the money went into advertising
B002D7D2US Best shoes for my wide feet I bought these shoes as my feet are on the wide side.I normally have to try all pairs of shoes in a store before I can find a pair that fits the width of my feet. I have know that Puma carries a wider type of shoe for a while and was waiting for my old shoes to become worthless to try a pair.I tried a cheaper Puma model and it was still too tight so I ordered these online. Although when I first put them they were tight, to the point where I considered returning them, I took into account that the K-leather would stretch and wore them for a while around the house. After a while the shoe width adjusted and the following day the fit was much better.I am looking forward to play in them, unfortunately I got injured before trying them and will have to wait for a while now.Update:After less than a year of moderate use - I play soccer once or twice a week and have two pairs of cleats - the upper started separating from the sole at the outside front of my kicking foot. This is typically the shoe that suffers less stress from rotations and dragging on the ground.It is very unfortunate, the shoe fits like a glove, but I cannot afford to buy a pair of shoes that does not last one year of moderate use. My last pair of copa mundial (which I had to stop wearing because my foot widened) lasted five years and could probably go for five more years.I contacted customer services at Puma and while their initial response was encouraging, I have not heard from them after I submitted the information requested which include pictures of the shoe problem.I have contacted customer services several more times but I am yet to receive a reply.New update:After many attempts to contact costumer service I sent an e-mail to several departments of Puma's organization and got a coupon for the value of $75.00... or so I thought. When I tried to make a purchase using the coupon I was told it had already been redeemed. So it seems that they gave me a used coupon.I cannot believe this. Isn't Puma one of the biggest sport brands in the world?
B002ECFBUQ 3rd pair i hope they make this slip on shoe for the next several seasons!  yes change it up a bit,  but the fact that its slip on is the BEST!  my mom,  and sister loved the other two pairs i own so much the bought some too.
B002ECFBUQ Completely satisfied Overall, I'm completely satisfied with the shoes. They are pretty true to size (at least for me). The toes were a little stiff at first, but they're wearing in well.
B002ECFBUQ Puma shoe My daughter loves her new shoes and this was the best price we could find.
B002ECFRGO What I expected The shoes were fine, didn't last quite as long as I would have liked.A Good value for the price.
B002ECFSEK luis Excelent puma sneakers...  there are a great shoes.A pluss&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;  :)
B002ECFTNA Good Shoe with Some Flaws This is my second pair of this particular shoe.  I am pretty hard on shoes, as I wear these all day at work and run in them as well.  They are extremely comfortable and break in quickly, which is great.  The main problem I had with the Voltaic 2 was that the sole started coming off within weeks of purchasing them.  They were so comfortable that I gave them a second chance and this pair is wearing much better than the first.  I am 37 and have arthritis in my feet, so it is hard to find a good pair of shoes that feel comfortable at work and at play.  The Voltaic 2 is filling that need for me pretty well right now.
B002ECFTNA Great Shoe This is my 2nd pair of PUMA Voltaic's.  Extremely light and comfortable shoe....love the styling as well.  I am already thinking about purchasing another pair!  Shipping was easy and fast as well!
B002ECFTNA Puma's Hard to find locally as most stores only buy one pair or 10.5 wide shoes.  Ordered off Amazon vendor, same price as locally, shoe fits like a glove and weight about a feather but has great cush in the heel.
B002EENB6A Love these sandals! These sandals are awesome and so hard to find usually.  They are so comfortable, I wore my last pair out until they were paper thin.  Definitely worth the purchase.
B002EENB6A Cheap, light & durable flip-flops I love this flip-flops. I've bought this model as my second pair and I'll continue to buy them for as long as Puma makes them. I really enjoy the looks of it and how lightweight it is. The material they're made of is really lighweight, but still pretty durable. It took me over a year to wear one of this flip-flops out. Another thing I enjoy is that their shape will slowly start adapting to your feet as you wear them.However, they can get quite smelly if you don't wash them regularly (once a fortnight). Otherwise, great product!
B002EENBOW Very Confortable ... I would spent 8 hours straight wearing this pair of shoe that it would steel feel as confortable as the first minute. Great buy, very nice pair of shoe.
B002EENBOW The shoes were damaged fast The shoes were damaged fast. The seams of the right shoe is very rapid damage. The shoes were damaged fast. The seams of the right shoe is very rapid damage.
B002EENE3K Awesome design. Well first of all, when I got the package it was already opened . . . Then when I tried on the shoes one shoe lace wasn't as long as the other and so I started looking closer to the laces and noticed they are two totally different ones; Both black but different ones. Other than having to go the the store and buying new laces they shoes are freakin' awesome.
B002EENFC0 Nice Pair! These looked very nice when I put them on. The size is true to fit and very comfortable. The fabric doesn't attract dust and the white sole on the side can be easily wiped clean with a rag and water. I have worn them numerous times and no crease has developed, the original shape is holding very well.
B002EENFC0 Stylish and comfortable This plain and elegant looking pair of shoes is a nice contrast to the overly designed, busy looking, and bulky athletic shoes that most people wear as sneakers.The sole is thin, and it looks thinner, thanks to smart use of two colors. I love the simple design which makes the shoe look rather elegant. It is very comfortable, one of the few shoes I had that did not require a break-in period.In addition, for those who are old enough to remember, it is a subtle blast from the 80s.
B002EENFC0 No other tennis shoe needed I've had these shoes for 4 years and they've just worn out after a game of basketball. I've gotten compliments on them even when they were in their later years. I am definitely repurchasing these!
B002EENHFU Puma Mid's striking the right balance I grew up wearing Puma's when they were symbol of "cool" worn by Walt "Clyde" Frazier. Clyde and Joe Namath were star athletes and babe magnets back in the day. I digress; I bought these shoes for my 12-yr old son. Whereas other kids are wearing Nike, this son of mine has always been different. This is not his first pair of Puma's. I have bought him the suede's too but at his age, they get destroyed very quickly. He likes these shoes because of the styling not for their athletic stability. I own a pair of the low-tops in white. Really good looking too. The thing about Puma is they run a half-size small.  This has been consistent issue for the past 2-years. So my son who has a normal 9-shoe; is in a 9.5 in this shoe. That is my big caution; plus it up about a half size and get your cool on! As for that last line; that's just between us; my son is already embarrassed enough by my attempts at retro-cool....
B002EENI40 Sweet I got the black leather, comfy shoes I have white ones also but those won't get you into clubs all the time these are no problem.  Real talk. bet.
B002EENI40 great shoes these are pretty awesome shoes..I had ones that were very similar and found these which were in leather rather then canvas like my old onesawesome styleawesome fitgreat shoesgood price
B002EENI40 Great basic for most casual outfits. I bought 3 pairs of these for the last 4 years. I get more compliments on these shoes then I do on my more expensive high-end leather shoes. They feel great and secure (Will not fit wide feet). They mold to your foot and feel amazing once you break them in like a good shoe should do. Wear them with dark denim or black fitted pants.
B002EENI40 My Shoe of Shoes I'm the type of guy who hates having to tie his shoes. In fact, I used to wear slippers everywhere I went because they were so comfortable and convenient I didn't care what other people thought. Then I think the girlfriend and some others felt it was time for an intervention of sorts.So a couple of years ago we went around town looking for the perfect lace-less shoe and it was very difficult to find. Almost none of the huge department stores carried any. Then we went to the mall and found these for about 3X the price in some alternative shoe shop and bought them.I have worn these shoes every day for the last two years and finally the side seam started to give out. I was so happy when I was able to find this same shoe on Amazon especially at this price.I love these shoes because they have style, but also because the are quick to slip on and comfortable. I have wide feet and these shoes are wide enough. They lasted two years of abuse that includes long walks, camping, fishing, lawn mowing and BBQ's.
B002EENI40 Satisfied!!! I have tried many online stores (those that we can trust), and apparently most of them are all out of stock for this color.  I am really glad to find them here.  The shipping was amazingly quick (about 3-4 days), and the pair of shoes has some minor marks on the black band that can probably be clean off easily.  It fits well and comfortably.  I guess I will start wearing them once the snow is gone.
B002EENI40 AWESOME shoes Aside from being extremely comfortable, these shoes are very well made and match GREAT with all types of clothes. I bought the black pair and am definitely going to buy the white pair too. AWESOME!
B002EENI40 Great Shoe for a great price!!! The shoe itself looks great with just about anything, it is cutting in the back of my heel but that seems to be wearing off over time and I've only had them for 1 week so the shoes seem like they'll do fine in the future, it is also definitely not for people with a wide foot, on the plus side the shoe is very simple and very easy to clean, and it's been holding up better than most of my shoes within one week, I just wear them whenever possible and they're becoming more comfortable each time I put them on. I was rather skeptical about buying online as this is my first online purchase of anything but the shoes did get here fine and on time, this is definitely not the last pair of I'll be buying.
B002EENI40 Bad ass Bought these for my husband as a xmas present so wont know what he thinks till then but overall i love them and im pretty sure he will too. Bought them in black leather with the grey strap and these shoes will look hot on anybody, their tight. Cant beat the price and good quality shoe.
B002EENI40 My sixth pair in seven years These are my favorite everyday pair of kicks.  I get a new pair every year, even though I'll wear the previous pair until they're absolutely worn out!!  Love em!
B002EENI40 Great pair of sneakers My son loves puma brand and when im shopping for him I get him two pairs at a time very comfortable suitable for all ages..
B002EENI40 Perfect shoe for every man Bought them for my disabled son, wanted comfort, sturdy, EZ and smart.  This PUMA has it all. . . . .GREAT PURCHASE, all leather.  I highly recommend.  Got them on time, price was GREAT!  We're happy, his feet are happy. . .
B002EENI40 Great Sneakers!!!!!!! The Puma El Rey Cross are a great pair of sneakers.  The fit is just right(not to big or small) and very comfortable to walk in on any surfaces.  I also like the leather exterior for increase durability.  Puma makes a great pair of sneakers and include the EL Rey in that long line of great sneakers.
B002EENI40 Second pair! I love these shoes more than any other shoes I have ever bought! I wore my first pair constantly for 3 years before they started to get pretty banged up! Now i'm so excited to be able to start wearing these new ones again! They are comfy, stylish, and durable!
B002EENI40 My favourite pair of shoes. I place a lot of importance on shoes - since I don't own more than a few pairs at a time, I wear them frequently. As a result, I have to make sure each pair is great (unlike t-shirts, where if I have a couple of ugly ones it's no biggie since I wear them once a month at most).The Puma El Reys are terrific. They look real stylish, and you will get compliments. The black band across the top gives them flair and "uniqueness", without looking overly designer-douchey - important to me, since although I like looking good, I'm not a fashion dandy-type and don't want to appear as if I'm trying too hard. In white w/ the black band (the ones I got), they'll fit all casual outfits (I imagine the black/black or black/grey ones will do the job when trying to class things up a bit; some of the suede ones look not even a step down from a designer (e.g. Gucci) sneaker, despite being a tenth of the price).This is my second pair; the other ones lasted two years (but that was with constant wear). They were out of my rotation for a year, but having got these again they look just as good. It's the first time I've bought a second pair of a particular shoe.They're definitely comfortable, and the fit's great. As other reviewers have mentioned, they run a tad (say just under half-a-size) small.  This didn't affect me, as I bought my first pair in-store and so knew exactly which size I needed when ordering online. One note: I guess if you have pretty wide feet, the two sides of the upper will spread wide under the band, which may not look so stylish (this is in regards to the M width).The other minor gripe: the "+" shaped perforations on the front half of the upper can look a bit beat up after some time, especially at the part where a shoe creases (i.e. where you bend your toes as your foot lifts off to take a step). Nevertheless, it's not something that'll make me take even a half-star off this review.
B002EENI40 Best PUMA! What can I say except these are the best sneakers I have ever owned.  I have had one pair for two years and they are still holding up great.
B002EENI40 2nd pair - most comfortable shoes ever Got a pair in cofee color a few months back, most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! Slip on and off easy. Been discontinued by Puma, grabbed this black pair before they disappeared for ever.
B002EENI40 Love it!!! I had a white one about 6 months now. Its still look like it's new and it easy to clean. I clean it everytime I see a little dirt on it. It fitted, very comfortable and match with most of my casual-wear. I wore it to a wedding and it look very nice. It don't have shoes-lace but yet doesn't slip out when I walk or run. Earlier today, I ordered the black one for 45$! That's cheap! Can't wait to get it!
B002EENI40 My third pair of El Reys This is my third pair of El Reys in Cross Perf Leather. After about a month of use, the shoes feel just about the same in comfort as my older pairs. There is only one small difference as the mouth of the shoe feels a little bit looser below the ankle. It is definitely not a deal breaker though.
B002EENIYA Big Mistakes with this Roma I have to agree with the reviews. I am a HUGE Roma fan. I have had pairs last me as long as FOUR years. I recently purchased these despite the poor reviews. I could not resist the blue pair. Well, they look amazing, but the build quality and the comfort are NOT Roma-like at all (perhaps because this is a throw-back style from 68). The material on over half of the shoe is very thin, the inside sole cannot compare to the quality of standard Roma's, and finally, the worst part, you guessed it....the ankle. The curve looks great, but after only 7 hours of wear with no-show socks, I had blisters. My socks actually completely cover my ankle, so no skin-to-shoe contact happens, but they are not thick socks. Still, I loved my Roma's because of their comfort. I wore them over any other pair of shoes. The heel on these is terrible. I will think of something because I love the look of the shoe, but one shouldn't have to fix a $75 pair of shoes because they blister.
B002EL3EOC sneakers I love my puma sneakers they fits perfect and I have no problem what so ever, I recommend this product.
B002EL3FXW shoozies! I actually bought these shoes for my daughters best friend for her first birthday and when they came I fell in love so I got a second pair for my own daughter! They're twins now. Lovely item. Very interested in other puma items for ages 12-18 month sizes. Shes a 5 now.
B002EL3KQE Repeat Buyer We just bought our son his second pair of these shoes.  He's 4 1/2 and his first pair lasted for a year and a half until he outgrew them.  The light up part of the shoes quit working after about 16 months, but my little guy didn't mind at all.These shoes are adorable.  We get lots of comments when he wears them and he loves them!
B002EL3KQE i love this light up sneaker it's difficult to find a cool light up sneaker. Puma has done a great job. I bought a pair for each of my 3 little boys. On one pair, the lights didn't work, but puma replaced them right away. Puma has great customer service!
B002EL3KQE Puma illum alum My 3 year old son loves this shoe. This is his third pair (different colors of course) and Puma has been making them for at least two years. I fits true to size. Puma will still illuminate after washings. Lots of compliments. Love IT!!!
B002EL3KQE Cute, but poorly made I bought 2 pairs of these for my 2 daughters.  One pair all but disintegrated within a 2 month window.  The glue on the sole apparently was not very uniformly applied, allowing the tread to easily pull away.  The Velcro straps also frayed very quickly making them difficult to remove without damaging the strap further.  In contrast the other pair did hold up much better, but still a frustrating purchase.
B002EL3KQE Son loves them Theses shoes are very nice and I did not mind the price at all. They look very nice on him and they are very easy to put on and off as well.  I was not aware that the Puma lights up on some of his steps...i do not like cartoon shoes or shoes that light up but this pair is not over the top and actually looks cool.  My son loves them.  I definitely recommend this pair of shoes.
B002EL3KQE Lights stopped working after a short while I loved this sneaker so much I ordered a pink pair for my daughter.  Last week however I noticed my son's sneakers stopped lighting up.  Not sure if there is a battery that can be replaced but def disappointed that the feature I bought the sneakers for quit on me so quickly.
B002EL3KQE Good buy My three year old loves these shoes!!  He specifically remembers the first pair he had that were when he was 18 mos that were blue and white.  He picked these put on his own and we are happy with how they have held up.
B002EL3KQE Great Shoes!  Stylish, light-up a hit, flexible - well loved! Since my 5 y.o. received these shoes in February, it has become his everyday pair of choice!  He of course loves the velcro, the look, and the light-up skeleton puma action!  I as a Mom and Chiropractor love that the shoes are not only well-made, but fairly flexible.  Of course, the white is no longer 'white', but pretty mud-stained!  A darker pair would probably hide the inevitable dirt that a 5 y.o. is likely to find!  But if they could be kept a little cleaner, the white would have been a 5-star!
B002EL3KQE Cool! We love these shoes. The light-up Puma skeleton is awesome. They do run a little short. The insole has a great sizing pattern. We returned and got a bigger size with no problem at all. Shipping was prompt. Only thing, we've had them for a few months and one of the Pumas has already stopped lighting. I will contact the company to see what they say about it.
B002EL3KQE Love these shoes! I bought 2 pairs, one for my 2yo and one for my 4yo. They both love them and tell me they are comfortable. They look really cute and durable (they have gotten wet numerous times and are holding up great). The kids love that they lights up. I am really happy with this purchase.
B002EL3KQE attention catchers i bought 2 pair for my toddler, 1 for daycare and the other pair for when we go out.  everyone that see them love them!!!!!!
B002EL3KQE Cool shoe! This is beyond what I expected when I ordered the pair of shoes.  The colors are vibrant and my daughter loved them!  Thanks!
B002EL3KQE Nice Fit, Quality and Fashion I originally saw my sister had Puma sneaker for her toddler girl. she loved them so I wanted to buy for my toddler son. I found these cute light up Pumas here in Amazon so I didn't hesitate buying two pairs. One I bought so that he could wear right away and the other a size larger.  So far we have used both sizes and they are easy to put on and look amazingly well made. I didn't have a problem washing them and the batteries haven't gone bad during washing. There is no place to replace the battery so if you plan on keeping them as a &#34;hand me down&#34; then probably the batteries will not last that long. So far the batteries have lasted for  my toddlers growth. what I like about this design is that its more slim side. I don't like the chunky sneakers out there, and all the licensed figures on the sneakers. These ones feel more like the slimmer European designs. I am coming back to amazon to purchase my pair because they have more color choices. I checked at my local Nordstrom and they carry only one color. That shows you how happy I am with these sneakers.
B002EL3KQE Very Pretty These sneakers are so adorable. The first pair was a bit too snug so I returned it for a larger size. I received the replacement in two days before I even send the old pair.
B002EL3KQE My 3 year old loves the lighted shoes... ..and I love the urban style. I bought his first pair PUMAs last year from a department store. I liked how they held up under toddler abuse so his next pair was via amazon. They fit securely. The sole inserts slip out to help you verify sizing- I think they run a tad small, but not by a whole half size.  The shoes light up the pumas with his stomps as expected.
B002EL3KQE Cutest Shoes for Kids Ever! My grandson is almost 3, he loves his new shows....he could not wait to put them on and loves running in them. I love the vibrant colors and the Puma lights up , he is so proud of his new shoes!
B002EL3KQE Excellent Shoes I have been looking for a cool pair of Puma's with straps for a VERY long time. I'm so happy that I found this shoe for my son.  The design is adorable!
B002EL3KQE Be careful of the material choice My son loved these shoes. But after only 4 hours of wearing them to preschool the orange on the toes starting to crack and splinter. I returned them and bought another pair with a suede toe instead and they are holding up much better! He wears them all the time. Unfortunately the material on the orange and black ones was not very good quality.
B002EL3KQE Cute sneaks but... My son loves these sneaks but this is our 3rd part in a month. The first I ordered straight from Puma and one arrived with a faulty light up shoe. I called and they said I could return it but they didn't have his size anymore. Since he loved them, I ordered a pair off Amazon. We had them 1 week and one of the shoes stopped lighting up. I complained to Puma and they gave me credit to their store--pretty nice customer service considering I didn't order them directly!! I returned them to Amazon and ordered this pair. So far, both shoes light up so I have a happy 5 year old! Third times a charm perhaps?? Oh and they run a half size small.
B002EL3KQE Super cute shoe, but made HORRIBLY! I bought these shoes for my older son (4 years old) and my younger son was very jealous and wanted his own pair.  I purchased my younger son a pair (2 years old) and it's like the manufacturing on the younger shoes is not the same.  The thread from the straps came unraveled and within one month, the straps completely broke off and are no longer functioning shoes.  I tried to return them, but it was too late.  Maybe that's on me as I did not read the return policy, but just know that the product is amazingly cute, but poorly manufactured.  My older sons illuminescent shoes are still intact and he loves them, as do his friends.  Highly recommend them for an older child, but not for a toddler.  I was very shocked that I did not have the chance to return them after both straps completely fell off.
B002EL3KQE My son and I love these shoes!! This is the second pair we bought! :)My four year old fell in love with them last April, when we saw them at a big store. The Pumas light up blue with each step, so of course they are very cool! Good leather, nice look! Unfortunately he could only wear them for about 4 weeks, then it got too warm and all you could wear were sandals. He was so sad when he found out in late September that he grew out of them. So when I saw they were on sale I bought him a new pair! Can't wait to see his face when he sees them! :)
B002EL3KQE we love them! i ordered these last year because I wanted a light up shoe but wanted durability and I love puma for myself. I listened to the other reviews and ordered one size up and they fit him great and he absolutely loves them! since they were a bit pricey for the brand I wanted them to be strictly school shoes but it was hard to get him in any other shoe he loves them so much, but even using them as play and school shoes they have held up great! he is not easy on his shoes and clothes so that says a lot. I am now ordering him a second pair for the new school year in a darker color so they don't show as much dirt since I know he will live in these too :)
B002EL3KQE Our favorite! These pumas definitely run at least 1 size too small. Our daughter has slender feet and these fit perfectly, although I am sure they would fit a regular foot well too. Our first pair was all scratched up in about 3-4 months and the pumas didn't light up after a month, but our girl is rough on them and they were still our favorite. Now I sized up 2 sizes and they are awesome and our tree climber is watching them a bit more, so they will last longer :)
B002EL3KQE very happy with these! My daughter always wanted a pair of light up shoes but the ones I've seen look like they'd give some one a seizure, they light up so much! So I got her these and I love them & so does she! I've ALWAYS liked Puma anyways but she's gotten many compliments on these, mostly from adults.
B002EL3KQE Nicer than expected, check the PIC my son loves it and it lights up :) I love pumas and this is my sons 2nd pair and I will be buying him puma shoes in the future.
B002EL3KQE My son love them! For the past two years I bought this sneaker for my boy! Already in my 3rd pair, he just love them!
B002EL3KQE My son loves these shoes These shoes fit perfectly and are comfortable for his wide foot. He calls them his fast runners and is on his 2nd pair of these because of growing out of the first pair.
B002EL3KQE Love! Our 4 year old LOVES these shoes. I wanted him to be able to have light up shoes without them being the tacky, cheap ones you see in big box stores. My husband was skeptical, but when they arrived, our little one loved them so much he slept with them! We have only had them a week, but for now, definitely awesome!
B002EL3KQE Fine for the cost I didn't rank these higher because they are very &#34;stiff&#34; and I have had trouble getting them on my little one.  Also, note that I failed to read the product details...these light up!  I know some people would like this, but for me it was a surprise and had I known, I would have chosen a different pair of shoes.  The last pair I purchased were saucony and, in retrospect, I would have purchased those again in a larger size.
B002EL3KQE Too cute Extremely cute and comfortable and durable, even in winter. I'm just bummed that my daughter outgrew this pair too quickly, but my son fits into this pair now :) Money well spent.
B002EL3KQE Wonderful shoes for my 6 year old. The fit was perfect.  Thank you to reviewers that suggested getting one size bigger.  The puma lights up to show the cat's skeleton.  Very cool.  She can run and jump for joy in her Puma shoes.  I found coupons and eBates offers and I felt the price was very fair.
B002EL3KQE Adorable lil boy shoes!!! He loves them...!  He has blue and white also and those seem more flexible to him then the black...but it may just be him...anyway they are a classic shoe and are easy to put on and go!  very durable!
B002EL3KQE love gotta buy more shoes for my son from this place gave me a better price than any other store online or on the streets love them
B002EL3KQE Second pair for my growing boy This is my second pair of the Speeder Puma's. My son loves the light up Puma when he stomps or kicks his feet. They are easy to get on and off, durable and don't get very dirty. This is the second pair I've bought for him since I really like this shoe!
B002EL3KQE Love these shoes My Grandson just loves these shoes. This is his second pair. He wouldn't give up the old ones that were too small until the new ones came.
B002EL3KQE Order one size up These are the fifth pair of Puma's I've ordered for my four year old. They always look clean and last until she outgrows them. Great for children with flat feet.
B002EL3KQE My twins love these! This is the first pair of &#34;big boy&#34; shoes that boys have had and we bought them as a birthday present for them. They love them!
B002EL3KQE Mommy 'Got it right'... My 3 year old son loves these sneakers and I have had numerous questions about where we got them from. The initial pair I bought were too small as the shoe does run VERY small so I returned them and bought a size up and they are perfect. They have been worn every day since they arrived and I have been told 'Mommy, you got it right!' (which is a first) He loves that the cats light up and that they are so comfortable. Would highly recommend!
B002EL3KQE Great shoe for a little boy! We are on our 5th pair of these shoes (size 4T, 5T, 6T, and 8T). They have all fit very well. Our son asks to put them on in the morning and he is always receiving complements when we are out in public. There haven't been any issues with durability and the top side of the shoes stays bright and clean for a long time. When they light up, the skeleton of the cat is revealed; a really cool effect. I wish they made these in Men's 10.5.
B002EL3KQE sneakers exactly what I expected.I loved the lighting on the sneakerwould recommend to others it is a great pair of sneakers.
B002EL3LZE Puma Turn cat shoes. MY GRAND SON loves them. It was a great Christmas present. She goes through shoes so fast. But they are the ones that are purchased at target (not to say their bad, but they are what they are. affordable) thank you!
B002EL3LZE love love love these are the cutest PUMAS ever!!  friends have asked where I bought them-- they are so worth the price that I payed
B002EL3MCQ comfy! We bought this pair for our 5yr old daughter to wear on PE days. These are very cute shoes and true to size. She loves them so much that she wears them everyday!
B002EL3MCQ Love these shoes My son (3 years old) got these as a Christmas gift.  He looked so styl'n in them.  They fit great and the compliments he got were constant.  I would get another pair with no hesitation.
B002EL3MCQ GREAT Finally, a pair of sneakers my girl will wear and not destroy in a matter of weeks. We'll be ordering these again.
B002EL3MCQ Love them and so did my daughter.. The price was right.  Nice style. One of the only shoes mny 2 year keeps on her feet. Shipped as indicated
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Shoes fit perfectly. My daughter wears them everyday.  Shows them to everyone in the family when she sees them....Now I have to get a pair for my son.
B002EL3MCQ I love these Puma's! I bought these for my 5 year old because I wanted a pair of shoes that he could put on by himself with ease. These are great shoes! They are easy to put on, durable, flexible, and very easy to clean. I am very satisfied and will definatley be buying another pair when he wears these ones out.
B002EL3MCQ Second pair These shoes lasted so well and looked great, that I bought them in the next size, my son loves them too
B002EL3MCQ Very Good Have had these before for my daughter and always buy a new pair as she grows. I like that they can match most anything she's wearing and I like that they are flexible.
B002EL3MCQ excellent These are my son's and daughters second pair each, they fit perfectly and are super comfortable for running and playing.  They love the velcro straps as well.
B002EL3MCQ I always forget not to order white shoes for a little boy Great shoes; very cute but very white! I always forget that little boys will get these shoes so dirty! But I cannot stress enough how durable Puma shoes are. They are very useful, practical and as far as I can tell comfortable. Every pair of Puma shoes I have bought my son for many yrs. now, seem to work out great and we love the brand overall.
B002EL3MCQ Awesome shoes These are the 3rd pair of pumas I have purchased and I love them!! They fit great and look so cute on my little boy!!!
B002EL3MCQ pumas rock This is our fifth pair. My son loves them. We love the way they fit, wouldn't want any other brand.
B002EL3MCQ good and functional Have had these before for my daughter and always buy a new pair as she grows. I like that they can match most anything she's wearing and I like that they are flexible.
B002EL3MCQ Perfect little shoe! This is the THIRD pair of these shoes my 2 year old grandson has owned.  He LOVES them and never wants to take them off.  Previous to finding these, we bought and consequently threw out several EXPENSIVE pairs of shoes.  They would bother him, or they were too clunky or not supportive enough and he fell ALL THE TIME, or they would not stay on.  These shoes stay on, feel comfortable, wear well, look good and are easy to get on and off.  We will continue to buy them.
B002EL3MCQ Love Pumas While I love Nike, Jordans and now Reebok sneakers, I used them for sports/ sports activities.  Pumas are my going out sneakers for my son, they do not look bulky, they have that tailored prep look.  A button front shirt, long jeans and these.. CUTE. Have you seen those future cat remix,gosh I have those, I LOVE those too.  Bearing all that in mind Pumas tend to run small , go up a size.
B002EL3MCQ the way to go i bought this for my 1 year old he love it and my 11 year love it too i will get a pair for him soon
B002EL3MCQ Fussy Feet Very comfortable pair of sneakers according to my two year old who would not take them off. She wears them everywhere and I like the sporty look.
B002EL3MCQ BEST DEAL EVER!!!!! My 6 years old boy LOVES this shoes, and so do I, and since he says "there are so comfy" I bought my self a pair, and he is right, sooo comfy. Thanks Amazon for having such of great deals.
B002EZZQBM Meh Very cute shoes, but they make my feet really sweaty and aren't all that comfy for such a pricy pair of flats.
B002EZZRW0 Comfortable Puma's I had bought a pair of Puma's in Turkey a few years ago and I love them so I ordered this pair online. They were comfortable but they were made differently then the ones I bought abroad. This pair was not made as well as the original pair although they are comfortable and time will tell if they will last as long. Also I ordered a size 6 but should have ordered a 5 1/2 which is a little weird b/c I also ordered the Puma clog in a 6 and it fit perfect. Over all, the shoe is a little different then what I expected but is still a nice looking show and a good fit.
B002EZZWKW Puma game point snear i love these shoes. i bought them as a gift for my sister about 2 years ago and she still has them and they are in great shape! :)
B002F000L2 comfortable and tough Bought these shoes just days before I left for a high mountain camping trip in Colorado. They arrived just in time to be packed and then on a plane. Very easy to break in, had great traction as I hiked up a 14er and lasted through the first snow storm of the year. Highly recommend!
B002F0011G Love them, Love them! I had been looking to buy a pair of my first Puma's for awhile now so when I seen these I did not think much about passing on them. Even though they were not exactly the one's I was looking for (seen some in a Puma store I had my mind set on) they were in a size 10 1/2 & that sold me!! I don't find many in between sizes so I was happy they had this size; being that I heard Puma's run small. Was so excited to try them on ~ the moment I did I loved them. I think I am only going to buy Puma's from now on. So comfy & just enough room. Not a heavy tennis shoes. Casual, great colors! I could not be happier with this purchase.
B002F0053U most comfortable sneaker ever these are my daughters favorite sneaker.  i have bought her 2 pairs and looking to get her a third.  she is very picky about shoe comfort and these are the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn.  i don't know about "performance" but as a casual sneaker they are wonderful.  also love the tongue-free design.
B002HEWZUU Confusing They don't come with laces and it appears that the holes are too small to fit laces in. Very confusing, I assumed I had a defective pair but just read another review that said the same thing so I guess that is just the way they come? It is not safe for a four year to be wearing these shoes without laces.
B002IVUZWW The heel gets dirty It's a great shoe design-wise, but don't wear it if you intend to walk a lot as your feet will hurt after a couple of hours.Also the white heel tends to get dirty and I haven't found a way to clean it.If there is a black heel version, I would suggest to get that one instead.
B002KAOH4S Great Looking Shoes Shipping was timely. Correct Size. They look great. The high-tops are pretty high but that's a good thing. They're also pretty comfortable. You really don't even have to tie the shoes because of the velcro straps at the top.
B002KAOHX4 BULL NOSE GOOD LOOKING sneaker! (from the side) FITS great! BULL NOSE design! Normally Puma's are quite sleak towards the front, and from the side these sneakers look GREAT. Simplistic even! I'm content! I had seen they were thicker towards the front even before I purchased them. And still, I went with them anyway. Two months later I search for another pair. If you love puma's designs as much as I do, you understand. Just my thoughts & a heads up!
B002KAOKQS Nice!!! These are my favorite pair of shoes... I love them... Very comfortable and best of all they are easy to keep clean.
B002KAOKQS Excellent Product was in perfect, brand new condition. Shipping was super fast (2 days from order to door step). Shoes were incorrect size but that is not the fault of Amazon. Returning the item was easy and I received a full refund including cost of return shipping. Becasue of this experience I have ordered since and will continue to do so.
B002KAOLGC Very comfortable shoes These shoes are extremely comfortable, and It was at a great price. I want to buy them again if the price is low.
B002KAOLGC Exactly what I ordered This shoe is comfortable and versatile. I had ordered these shoes in the past but my rescue tore up the last pair, so it was easy to find and order again.
B002KAOLGC Cheap, stylish, and comfortable. I wear these shoes almost every day since the price wasn't too bad. The white part at the bottom gets a little bit dirty, but it can be cleaned.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes The White/Moroccan Blue are great. I bought a pair of black laceless ones and these and wasn't satisfied with these in the winter. However, now that it's summer, I am very happy I bought these shoes. Great summer shoe.
B002KAOLGC Love puma I recently bought  a jogging suit in black and I could not find the right sneakers until I saw this pair it fits true to size very comfortable to wear
B002KAOLGC As expected the person who received these pair of shoes said me that they are great and really comfortable. he really likes its desing and its better that a thousand of shoes for him
B002KAOLGC Son's second pair We bought this style last year in white for my son and he absolutely loves it. He used it throughout the school year and it still looks great.
B002KAOLGC Durable shoe I wore this shoe nearly everyday for two years. Since the sole is vulcanized, I was afraid that the sole would come apart in a matter of months as my other vulcanized shoes did the same. The sole did great in the most rigorous tasks. I was also afraid that the white lining will start to tear at where the toebox would crease, but the shoe kept soldiering on. These pair of shoes have stepped in countless puddles, been at a concert with wet mud, and kicked/been kicked by many objects. It was still great until just five months ago, my heels started hurting as the cushioning had worn out. I finally replaced these shoes with another brand two months ago but regardless I would buy these again in a heartbeat.
B002KAOLGC Perfect If you are getting the El Ace puma 'dark shadow/ black' realize that the dark shadow is more so dark grey than black. The product was received exactly as advertised and arrived on the first day of the estimated 5 day arrival window. I ordered this shoe after i wore my other pair out. These fit me better than most other shoes all in all I'm very satisfied
B002KAOLGC Love Pumas This is prob my 4th pair of this style of puma's and for a casual comfortable stylish shoe for the price it doesn't get any better they arrived on time fit like any other pair I bought in a store and have 0 complaints
B002KAOLGC gr8 buy Haven't gotten around to wearing it yet but its definitely a great looking shoe Its the first puma sneakers that I ever bought n I intend to buy more
B002KAOLGC Nice footwear, I recommend them I think these are very cool, comfortable and stylish shoes by Puma. The colour combination on the shoes is wicked. The navy blue, white, red and grey work exceptionally well together. I have one minor complaint though. I found little specks of white on red part of the shoe sole. I blotted out the specks with a red-ink pen and that solved the problem.
B002KAOLGC Fast service ecxelent product I love this item, low price better then other places, fast service and I love it the product I defenitibly would by with them next time.
B002KAOLGC Comfortable and great looking I was surprised with how comfortable these shoes are.  I typically where fully padded sneakers, and these are a lot thinner than what I'm used to.  I wear a lot of Adidas shoes, but these are light and your feet move really well in them.I've worn them in cold weather as well, and haven't noticed my feet getting cold.The black shoe with the white sole looks really sharp as well.  These shoes go with pretty much anything.  Love em
B002KAOLGC Puma shoes I bought these for my husband and he loves them very nice shoe and arrived fast, reasonable price as well
B002KAOLGC Good fit with room to spare. I got these shoes within two days of ordering them on Amazon Prime. The box these came in was a typical Puma shoe box with the red sleeve which is a plus. I typically like to leave a little less than an inch for my feet in case they grow on me and the size 10 I ordered fit absolutely perfect. The shoe itself also came halfway laced up already, so lacing them wasn't a problem.I wore them to a little party with some friends and got them a little bit dirty right off the bat, but it was surprisingly easy to clean them. I just used a paper towel with water and the dirt spots were gone. The shoes almost shine because they're so white, so it might be a hassle late to keep them relatively clean and spotless.As of right now, the tongue of the shoe is staying in place (I typically don't like the tongue slipping down to the outside of my foot). I've only worn them for a week so far so it might be a problem later, but it seems fine at the moment.Overall, for the price and the look of these shoes, I would most definitely recommend them. However, I would not recommend these as an everyday pair of shoes to wear. Since they are sparkling white, they will most certainly get dirty in a short amount of time. Unless you don't care about your brand new white shoes getting dirty, then feel free to wear them every day, but they seem better to wear a few days a week, or a night out or something.
B002KAOLGC love these shoes I bought my first pair about a month ago and this is my 8th pair since then.  They are comfortable and they arrive very quickly.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes First time I have ever bought shoes from Amazon but man these shoes are great! I get compliments all the time on them and work well with jeans or shorts. Don't hesitate you know you want these shoes.
B002L4UWCY Shoes very uncomfortable don't let the high price tag fool you, this is not one of puma's best shoes. I bought a pair and they are very uncomfortable. They have no cushioning (the cell part doesn't work), and they have started to fall apart only a couple months after I first used them. I would suggest another shoe because this shoe isn't worth $50, let alone $100+.
B002LH4RMM Awesome! I bought those in white a year ago, now I bought it black for my mom. We both love it, they last long and are very comfortable. For wider feet, I would recommend a size up. Other than that, lovely!!!!
B002LH4RMM Great Puma's I really like these shoes. They are so comfortable. I am thinking of getting another pair in black as i tend to get the white ones too dirty. It's a great shoe and the size was just right for me.
B002LH4SF8 AWESOME SHOES WHEN I FISRT SAW THESE PUMA'S I WAS LIKE I HAVE TO GET THEM, THEY WERE CONSIDERED A WANT BUT IT HAS TURNED INTO A NEED~!!! LUV EM AND I THINK I NEED ANOTHER PAIR BUT DIFFERENT COLOR MAYBE BLACK.
B002LQJSJ0 Not like the others the color is nice, Wisteria/white and a turquoise side sole. I own 2 other pairs of Easy Rider III, which I like alot and wear often. This pair seems very stiff unlike the other 2 pairs. I have not worn them yet but if this is what all the Easy Rider III are like I would not order again.
B002LVUXNK Dog ate his shoes New puppy ate my husbands shoes, so I ordered the exact pair and had them back in the closet before he even noticed.  I hope the dog does not make a habit of this!
B002LVV0WI Excellent for a workout or jog Although these shoes are a little expensive, they are worth it.  The offer a wide area near the front of the shoe; but also provide great side and heel support.I wear one pair to the gym and I have another pair to run/walk outside.  I like the fact that they have a bright reflective area on the side for night time walks.In the past, I did not think it was necessary to buy a more expensive athletic shoe, but I can really feel a difference with this pair.
B002ODEYE4 Excellent Product I bought this for my son when it was on sale and I have to say that it was a great deal. It looks so nice on him and fits well. It is now his favorite jacket. I am going to have to get him another one.
B002QHW56M Great buy, cool sneaker. Was trying I find a pair of  classic kicks to wear around. A bit harder to find than expected. Thanks to Amazon and LabeLust I was able to get what I was looking for without paying extra. Will return next time for a pair I running sneakers.
B002QHW850 Item was clearly used I ordered these shoes to give to my daughter as a Christmas gift.  When we opened them this Christmas morning, I was shocked to find they were not new, but used!  I bought this as a new item.  Then, when I processed my return, I found that I have to pay for the shipping back to Amazon.  As with the previous reviewer, I found a more reputable place to order a NEW pair.
B002QHW850 USED PRODUCT When I ordered these shoes I had done a lot of looking around for the best price.. and I found it here. However, I was only saving on shipping rather than a price cut on the actual product. So when my 2yr old daughter and I opened the box I was very shocked that these shoes were USED. CLEARLY USED! Both shoes had creases and wrinkles on the toes showing the wear and tear. Also, there were balls of sock fuzz inside the shoe.. as well as the worn price sticker on the insole of the shoe. Needless to say my daughter was very disappointed that she wasn't able to wear her new shoes.. and that same day I ordered a BRAND NEW pair from a reliable retail store and the only price difference was in the shipping fee. They were returned. Thank you Amazon for a huge disappointment for my daughter and myself.
B002RFQJD8 Great Turf Cleats!!! Great cleats!!! I love them so much that I actually bought a second one after playing two game with the first one, so I can keep for later. I am 31 and I play lots of soccer. 3 to 4 times per week.The shoes fit small though. I am a 12, so I purchase a 13. It feels so comfortable on turf and harder surfaces. Its material allows you to control the ball better. One thing I didn't like was the laces. They are really slim, so I purchase some red one bigger ones for $2, and they are better.
B002RFQLMM Not long-lasting Bought this for my husband because he is an avid soccer player.  They looked great and arrived on time but they are just not durable.  After two months they already started tearing from the yellow side part of the cleat.
B002RFQLU4 great this shoe was bought for my nephew he was soo excited when it arrived in the mail, he wanted a great pair of flashy soccer shoes
B002RFXH88 Puma Men's soccer cleat I bought these for my grand son as a Christmas gift after he had asked me for a $200 pair of which I thought was ridiculous to pay for a pair of shoes. He loved these which I believe were around $50 when I bought them!
B002RLBC8E PUMA All my expectations were acomplished with this excellent purchase of puma's men's and women's 3 pair invisible sneaker socks black
B002SSUUN4 Best shoes ever! Puma speeders are seriously the best shoes I have ever owned. This is my second pair and they are just as comfortable as the first.
B002SSUUN4 Puma Women's Speeder M Running Shoe Unlike the pair of Puma's I ordered after this pair ( Women's Soleil Leather Fashion Sneaker), these were terrific. They were better than I expected in fit, color and style. Super comfortable!
B002SSUUN4 3rd Pair This is my third pair of Speeder Pumas in 10 years.  I can't say enough good things about them. Thankfully, the quality and fit have not diminished over the years.  Puma has other casual sneakers that look similar in style to this one, but I really favor what the Speeder is made of.  I love how light and flexible the materials that it's constructed of are.  I owned my first two pairs while living in NYC - I wore them daily, where I easily walked at least a few miles in them everyday.  They proved to be super comfortable and pretty durable too.  GREAT shoe, highly recommend it.
B002SSUUN4 Just Okay These looked super cute online, so I decided to give them a try. I personally found them to be very stiff and flat. After wearing them around my living room for about 5 minutes, I could see that they weren't going to work for me. I returned my pair. The return was quick and easy, no complaints. I then ordered a pair of Puma Anjan, which were much more comfortable/padded. I would not recommend Puma Speeders.
B002SVRNP4 love em one of a kind, to me anyways lol. got minds in all white with the reptile stripe, good shoes. word
B002U0KKXK Best Underwear I've ever owned Got these last week and I couldn't be more pleased.  Hands down the best pair of underwear I've ever owned.  I will buy 6 more so that I can wear a pair every day of the week.
B002U0KL0C Just love em I was lucky enough to find these at a discount store at a Great savings. (who in the ---- would ever pay $24 a pair for underware) But I must say they are the best shorts I've ever owned. (I buy a lot of undies, kind of a collecter LOL) Would highly recommend IF the price is right.
B002U0KL7A garbage This item tore on the very first wearing! Wore it while riding my bike, so it certainly wasn't a real workout. This must be a licensed product since i've always had good results with Puma sneakers. This was kinda my stupidity since I had recently bought boxer briefs under this name and were so uncomfortable, I only wore one par and the second brand new pair went to the back of the drawer. The fit on this item was fine and true, and comfortable, but little good that does since it ripped first time out!
B002U0KL7A White and Navy I purchased the red and black pair first, and actually liked them. So I decided to purchase the White and navy pair second. Now after having both pair the red and black pair is starting to fall apart, with the thread and the material. I dont understand why though. Now the white and navy pair has more support, its thicker and so far the material is far more greater. If you purchase these although I think the red & black looks better, get the white and navy the quality is much better.
B002U0KL9I Great for Working Out Let me just say that you will rarely find me working out in any type of athletic underwear besides these. Absolutely wonderful light mesh material for a majority of the item, and a silky performance material where it matters. The side pocket fits my iPod snugly for running or just so its not flopping around in my pocket. An also stylish look completes this great pair of undies. Would recommend for anyone to purchase! If you're even considering buying these, BUY THEM!
B002US8MGY Puma Men's Soccer Shoes The shoes are light weight and are holding up great for my son.  He says they have been the best wearing pair he has owned.
B002VGQ4OC Racing heritage The commercial merging of Puma and Ferrari for this most luxurious line of slippers is just nothing short of amazing. The all rubber sole along with the stream line design of the shoe indeed it was design to be worn inside a Formula one indy race car. How many people wear red shoes outside of the gym or race track anyway? Not many, however I get many complements for people about how cool these shoes look. If you want to be notice among a sea of look alikes then look no more and get you a pair, I tell you, you will not be dissapointed and your ego will love you for it LOL...
B002WC7Y9Y Excellent shoes! These easy rider puma shoes are fantastic! I bought these shoes for my first time almost 5 years ago. Today I received my second pair and I am very satisfied. I am a soccer player, a walking person and an adventurer who found very helpful the "easy rider puma" when climbing the mountains of South America. No words can describe the quality of these shoes. Try these shoes and no other shoes will be match for the easy rider ones.
B002WC7Z4I Nice! I ordered them for a friend & they were very happy with these sneakers.  The price was very reasonable also.
B002WC7ZZC PUMA Sky II Hi Neo Sneaker Love these shoes. I have had these for a few months now and every time I go out people complement the shoes. The color is great. Shoe size was on point and the comfort level is amazing. A great buy for the price as well.
B002WC82KY PUMA TENNIS SNEAKER - Simple- Classic- ComfortableA great pair of shoes for playing tennis.
B002WC8740 Great Shoes! A must buy. This pair od shoes is awesome all the way around. Love them! if you are thinking about getting a pair, DO!!!
B002WC87O0 PUMA Mens' Kosmos Sneaker The PUMA Kosmos are a good all-purpose athletic shoe.  These are NOT fashion sneakers.  The flat bottom makes them great for weight lifting as well as running.  I bought them to substitute my Vibram's as the "Five's" make one's feet very cold when running in the winter.  The Kosmos worked great, they are able to force a front foot strike during runs and provided good ground reception to the foot nerves.  I ran a 23km trail race in Tokyo with them for my first real test of their performance and am still using them.  If you are serious about fitness and running, stay away from the "pillows" those other companies claim provide "support" and get a pair of these, Highly recommended, especially at their price point.
B002YD8KIK Super comfortable These are more then worth the price.My boyfriend is super picky about shoes and he always insists on pumas or nikes these he wears all the time, he says they are super comfortable and very durable.He goes through a pair of shoes every couple months these are 2 months old and still just as amazing as when he first got them.
B002YX0XHQ My second pair I love these shoes so much, I wore out one pair, then I searched for another pair and bought them.
B002Z12RU8 My daughter purchased these shoes for herself My daughter purchased two pair of the same shoes, but in different colors.  I guess she likes them.  She wears then often.
B002Z12RU8 Meh These are my first Puma shoes,  but they aren't exactly the best purchase I've ever made. They look pretty nice at first (I chose the white/peacock color), but the shoelaces are thin and cheap-looking: it seems like they're going to snap after a few uses. The arches are pretty high and not exactly comfortable, but hopefully that will change once I wear them a bit more. My shoes don't fit too well- I am almost always an 8.5, but these are a little too long and only fit once I crank on the shoelaces. If you like Pumas maybe you'll like these, but I would check them in-store instead of ordering them if I were you.
B002Z12SV6 Puma Sabadella This is one of the most comfy yet stylish shoes I have ever worn. I couldn't believe how light it was. Yet it holds your feet and you can walk around in them all day. We have a strict 'business casual' policy at work but these shoes are no problem. Bought two pairs in different colors, and love them both.
B002Z12SV6 Walked all over New York in These I went to New York over the summer and wanted to buy a pair of flats.  My cousin had these in the lavender color and I loved them so much I bought a pair in the black.  My feet were in heaven.  I was wearing gladiator sandals all over town and needed a break...these were perfect.  They are very light weight, matched with most of my outfits casual and sporty.  The bottom soles have a great grip as well.  Walking at least 7 miles a day...my feet were not mad at me because I had these shoes!  Highly recommend!
B002Z12VYU I love Puma I love puma shoes and these are as good as any other pair I have purchased in the past. .
B0030BFBUK best sneakers I've ever owned! Lightest, most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned!  These shoes are extremely light and breathable.  I use them at the gym and running errands.  I've had them for 4 months and they have held up well.  I love them!  I'm ordering another pair!
B0030BFBUK Light, durable,fasionable This is a good pair of shoes that I have looking for a long time. I use them to chase my young kids. I like them a lot. These shoes are good looking and light weight.
B00336EYTG So Comfortable OMG!  I bought the black pair for me to go with my tricot track suit and the white/pink pair for my daughter for my daughter to go with her velour track suit..... they are so comfortable, stylish and made our outfits a hit, I Love Them!
B0036ED91E So far, so great I received this quickly from the seller and put on and played within a week of receiving. Let me tell you, these puppies are comfortable and they work well. I participated in our state's over 30 men's soccer tournament this weekend and these babies helped take home the gold. Of course, I like to think I had a little something to do with it too. I didn't even have to break these in. I wore around the house one night and played in them 2 days later. For the price, style and so far, construction of these shoes, you cannot go wrong. We'll see how long they last, but my last several pair of sneakers have been Puma's also and as a former Adidas shoe wearer, I'm beginning to become sold on running with the Puma.
B0036FT8WM Bought these in 2010 and still in excellent condition I have very high arches and can never find comfort shoes that actually look good. I am a florist and on my feet 8 + hours a day and wanted something cute and stylish, I tried euro shoes; ugly, boxy and tight and uncomfortable in the toe box, ( due to my very high arches) I saw these on sale and not only loved the color but the style. Fast forward to 2013 still wearing these shoes and still look good!! I washed them in a bucket of water with baking soda and dawn detergent. I let them soak to get the white part white again and they are as good as new. Love these shoes!!!
B0036FT8WM Looking great! I bought these to replace the exact same pair that were worn out after 2 years.  Love them!!  Shipper was super fast and product was exactly as described
B0036FT9VW Puma sneakers These shoes are extremely comfortable and very stylish. I've never owned a pair of Puma's and was a little worried about ordering the shoes since I had never tried a pair on. Definitely a good buy.
B0037KMNAU Loved these shoes... I loved the style of these but unfortunately my instep/arch was too large for them, plus the perforations started ripping pretty much after only a couple of wears. I have a friend that has a pair and he's had no problems, but his feet are flatter than mine.
B0037KMPVW Love it love it love it! It's worth every penny! But make sure that you choose the right size because I once read a review that she didn't like the shoes at all. She had bruises everywhere. And when I used it for my shopping a while ago, it came to my mind that maybe that woman just picked the wrong size for her. It's light, fashionable and great for walking. I bought these shoes for my oncoming vacation and I think these are great for traveling especially for the airport security. And the socks that you use for ballet shoes like these, it doesn't show up that much. I would highly recommend it for you! I promised myself to give a review when I get these shoes because it took me a lot of researching just to make sure I'm buying the right shoes. And so, I hope this helps!
B0038QP3C8 1980'S STYLE I was looking for his kind of shoes for a very long time, where I was born and race (Central America) everyone wanted those shoes back on the 80's. Something I remember is that this style had a thin black sole other than the completely white.although those shoes are very nice and comfortable. I am almost 45 year old parson and still wearing things like this I love them.
B003AU4XFK Great shoes! The shoes are terrific!! They fit very nice and are very soft! My 3yr old grand-daughters love them.  I bought all three of them a pair!
B003BNY8W4 My sister just loves it! She's had it for a year and has no complaints. I even got the black and white one version of this for her this Christmas! Can't wait for her to get her new one this year.
B003EE49MY Nice shoe This was my first pair of sneakers that I ever owned. I normally athletic or running shoes but these were very comfortable! I went online and looked for cool lacing ideas and it makes my shoes look different than everyone else. I'm happy with my Pumas they're comfortable and stylish.
B003EE49MY Love them. These shoes are fantastic for the price I paid here on amazon which was $32. I never owned a pair of PUMA shoes until recently and now I own several pairs. These Comp Star sneakers are roomy all around the foot yet snug at the ankle. Meanwhile they're easy to slip on and off if you're one of those people that like to keep shoes tied permanently to save time. As far as I can tell they don't easily trap dirt on the bottom. They breathe pretty well and I forgot to mention that they look really sharp! (I own the dark navy ones).
B003EE49VA Very comfortable! This is my second pair of these shoes. I bought these as a replacement for when my current pair wears out. They are one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. They do run small though. I purchased a half size larger than I normally wear. I have been wearing these for over 2 years and they are still in good shape. I highly recommend these and get compliments on the looks of them all of the time. Mine are the black ones.
B003EE49VA Not a good buy This is my 8th pair of Puma's.  WOULD NOT recommend these.  They are cheaply made they run a size smaller.  I would NOT buy another pair of these in this style.  THEY ARE UGLY~!
B003EE6E0Y RUN DMC LoVe these shoe style from puma! Amazing. Slim cool zippered look. Originally i bought the neon yellow with a medium bright purple in the puma store when they were on sale back then. Then i found them again online after months probably a year of searching and tadaa i found them. At first i was like black, red, and white? aww man why? but then i was like watevs ill just get em cuz my other ones are ripped. Wen i got them i was sooo surprised look better in person.
B003EE6F6C great shoes for my kid It was very durable and beauty sport shoes my kid used, I will buy Pumas shoes again for my childrens i feel very satisfied
B003EE6F6C Haven't met a pair of Pumas I did't like Pumas are the best sneakers for kids feet. These are soft, flexible and light weight. I have purchased these for my son since he was a baby and they were are great then as they are now and he is 5. The velcro is an plus, east on easy off.
B003EE7NMW Fancy look, but poor quality I've really liked this ferrari labeled shoes when first saw it, but when I put them on I've got a Pair of shoes with right one smaller than the left one & both of them smaller than size on label about half a point!! Plus they very tiny & not very comfortable to wear:( Never own Puma sneakers before that & that one really done them for me. Not recommended!!!
B003EE7NMW Great purchase I am very happy with the purchase I made. The price was great, very fast delivery and good product. I'm going to buy another pair soon.
B003EE7SSQ Wonderful I love them but keep in mindTHEY RUN SMALLI am usually a 7 to 7 1/2 and I had to return the first pair I bought (7 1/2) because they were way too small. The 8 was still very snug at first but after wearing them a few times they fit like a dream.
B003EE7SSQ Great sneakers! Love my Puma sneakers! They are very well made and I love the retro vibe of them!  No problems with them at all.  I would recommnend these sneakers.
B003EE7TEE Nice style - but flimsy These sneakers have a fun look, and are very lightweight since part of the upper and the tongue are nylon. That made for an interesting feel and I think these would work well in warm weather and/or without socks. However these are a low-end Puma, without any support or much cushioning (like other casual sneakers that Puma makes) and I didn't think they would last more than a year - overall, flimsy. I returned my pair and will spend a bit extra to get a nicer style.
B003EE7TEE Great sneaker Very light...great sneaker. I was wearing them all summer. I would recommend them to everyone. Also, I bought one for my sister and she loves them too.
B003EE7TSU GREAT shoes These are my second pair of casual driving shoes. The first pair i got were the DC Chicane driving shoes. After wearing those just once and having done so for the last 9 months, i can no longer drive with shoes that weren't designed for driving. So be warned, you will be spoiled.This brings us to this pair of PUMAs. I absolutely love them. fantastic to drive with and a great shoe for going out in. Do note though, as with all driving shoes, they are designed to be tight fitting, so i suggest buying a 0.5 - 1 size larger than you would normally. I got a 0.5 size larger and they fit perfectly
B003EE7TSU I doubt if it's real I don't know if it's just because of different model or this is a forged one. But it feels much cheaper than my las pair of Puma Sneakers. The sole rubber is hard, the buffed leather feels thin and cheap, and the upper leather is not so soft. It still looks fine. But the ones I bought at Puma store were far better, though different model.
B003EE7XGS Great casual sneakers for kids. I'be owned three pair in my life and love these shoes. I was surprised to see them for kids had to get them.
B003EE7XGS Nice pair of sneaker! I bought it for my 5 years old son, he needed those for school. Great shoes and great price. I'm very happy!
B003EE7XGS Great Kids shoe I've been buying Pumas for my kids for the last 6 years, no more paying full price!! Great deal and amazing shoes. Got them quicker than advertised too!!!
B003EE9GYU killer kicks These shoes are awesome.  Never got more compliments on a pair of shoes in my life.  The ONLY negative thing (and it's my fault cause I walk a lot is that the back of the heels wore down quicker than I wanted them to but I'll buy a new pair soon anyhow.  GET THESE SHOES!
B003EE9GYU great walk-around shoes item was on sale (40% off regular, even at mall price), too good to pass on. last pair left, so quickly bought it.comfortable to wear even on long walks, very nice color and nice contrast when wearing blue jeans. be sure to order half size or 1 full size bigger depending on how wide your foot is. delivery was on time even during the christmas holidays. came with the puma box. looking forward to my next puma purchase at amazon.
B003EE9GYU They're Grrrrreat!!! The shoes are very comfortable, I say that up front because that is more important to me than the look, and these are the most comfortable sneakers I have owned. But the LOOK! They are awesome. I get compliments all the time, mostly because they are bold and stand out. They are RED, really red, as Red as can be even more red than they appear in the pictures! I have always been a fan of non-traditionally colored sneakers, I prefer blues and reds and tans to simple black or white.Another boon for me is I have yet to see anyone else with them, and I prefer that to the most popular brands and/or colors. They are simply distinct.They are very durable, granted I do not wear these everyday, and do not use them for sports or running, but I have owned them for months and they still look brand new. One note, I had to return the ones I ordered because they were a little small, so go a half size bigger on them.Great product from a great company, you won't be disapponted with these!
B003EE9O4W Son loves these! My 3 year old son loved his first pair (that ended up getting lost) so much that I bought him a second pair. He seems to think they are super comfortable and make him run fast. This is coming from a boy that previously only wanted to wear crocs. Would highly recommend this shoe!
B003EE9O4W Gender Can I buy this pair of green/yellow pumas for my 4 yr old son? Amazon doesn't specify the gender in the products. So I get confused. Is this for a boy or girl?
B003EE9O4W shoes very nice and my great grandaughter loves them. I will remember you when I need another pair.  Thank you kindley
B003EE9O4W A good looking pair of sneakers Very simple and brightly colored sneakers.  They are quite comfy too as per my boy.  I liked the valcro too.  So much easier to put on and take off.
B003EE9O4W Great Little Kicks LOVE these... My son started walking recently so he needed a sturdy pair of sneakers for when we are out and about...He is 13 months old now and has been wearing these for about a month.  They are easy to get on and off and provide the support that his little tootsies need... Also, the color combination is surprisingly neutral enough to work with most of his outfits.
B003EE9O4W Love these shoes These are my 2 year old son's favorite &#34;fast shoes.&#34; This is his second pair. The first pair he wore everyday and they still looked great - he simply grew out of them. He was so excited I was able to find him the same shoes in a bigger size
B003EE9O4W love it Absolutely gorgeous sneaker for 2,2 years old girl. A luxurious colors, comfortable shoes. it's also second pair of PUMA Sneaker, another one was in purple.Highly recommend.
B003EE9O4W Kids were very happy with these shoes The shoes fit great. My kids love the different colors. We'll definitely consider getting bigger sizes in the future. Price wasn't too bad either.
B003EE9O4W Great Tennis Shoe No complaints from toddler son on these tennis shoes, true to size & clean up great when they get dirty. His last pair of puma tennis shoes lasted great (looked like new still) & were passed on to little brother, so came back for another pair!
B003EE9P14 I love these shoes. I had a pair of Pumas for 6 years and wore them out after wearing them almost everyday. I chose to make these my new pair, and I love them. They are very stylist, and comfy. When I first started wearing them, they were really stiff, but once I broke them in they were fine. They do tend to run a half size larger than they say they are, but I usually put inserts into my shoes anyway and they take up the extra space.
B003EEBB16 Great pair of shoes I love Puma. They make a quality product. Though they tend to be on the expensive side, they are worth it. The past 2 pairs of shoes I have owned are Puma. The first pair I have had for approximately 3 years now and are still in good shape. I bought the Rio Racer to replace those. I liked the casual look and knew that they would last a long time. When they arrived, I didn't much care for the semi-glossy like strip on the side. I could not decipher that on the site, but it has grown on me. When I tried them on, they were just a bit snug, as you might expect with a new pair of shoes. They quickly loosened up and are insanely comfortable. I walk around all day on campus, and they give plenty of support. They also look amazing. I like to wear them with jeans and a nice hoodie or dress or button-up shirt; a real confidence builder. Shoes play a larger part in first impressions than one would think. I tuck the laces inside because I don't like the look of tied shoes, and they stay on fine. I'm thinking about replacing them with dark purple laces; just my personal preference. I do tend to sweat a bit, but I don't think that has much to do with the shoe so much as the activeness of my glands and perhaps the socks I wear. Overall, I would definitely buy these again. They provide comfort, style, confidence, and all at a great price. I was debating between this shoe and an Adidas shoe. The determining factors were experience with Puma and price. The adidas were going to be about $20 more expensive after shipping. Being less expensive and knowing that the Pumas would last years, I decided to go with them. I definitely recommend you try this shoe or any Puma product.
B003EEBCQA Very city cool Fit spot on amd are very comfortable.  Excellent quality for the pricce and comes with white and black lace options in the box.  Love these shoes.  I get compliments every time I am kicking with them.
B003EEBFI0 Flexible for little feet I love puma shoes for my little ones. We purchased the pink for our girls. Super cute. This will be the 4th pair of pumas we have gotten them. Each has always worn very well for our oldest, and has been passed down to our youngest, still in great condition. The flexible, yet supportive and protective soles seem to be the best thing for little awkward feet gaining momentum. We have 2 kids wear each pair, so the prices on Amazon have been very effective for us given the durability and adorable design. I will keep buying pumas for my girls from Amazon.
B003EEBFI0 Real shoes for kids who move fast Some kids just aren't movers, they can wear the frankenstien shoes from the department store. Some are like mine, the week she started to walk, she was trying to learn to run. We got these shoes as hand me downs, soon after she began to walk real well. They Helped Her Walk Better. Not an empty exaggeration. They fit naturally, flex, and have the tapered front and back. Where she was stumbling without shoes, she walked smoother and quicker with these right away. She outgrew that pair and we found these that were the exact style as the originals, just looked a little different. At 18 months these are her Forest Gump shoes, where ever she goes.. she is run ning. She will have them destroyed, but they get miles and they serve her well. People think you get them just to look cool, that we spoil her on fancy shoes. But we would be the last to do that, the money spent on such little tyke shoes was justified because they work.
B003EEBGQQ Great shoe! My husband was looking for an new pair of Puma's to replace his old ones.  These aren't exactly like his other ones, but very close and he loves them.  He wears them all the time, very comfortable and can be worn as tennis shoes or with a little dressier outfit (polo, nice jeans).
B003EEBGQQ great shoes for the gym I already have 1 pair of these PUMA TURIN PERF  shoes and this is my second pair soon to be delivered , I love these shoes for the gym they give me awesome support , are very comfortable and look great. The first pair I bought are grey/blck and they look very cool. I had in the past tried on very expensive weightlifting shoes and find these PUMA TURINS comparable to weightlifting shoes and highly recommend them to all serious weightlifters/bodybuilders. Hard to beleive how inexpensive these shoes are for the satisfaction that you will receive in wearing them and using them for serious weightlifting and other uses as well.
B003EEBGS4 Stylish gym shoes I love these shoes!  I already had them in navy blue, and decided to buy another pair in black.  They are comfortable, and nice looking with jeans or long pants.  I have a wide foot, but the mediums are cut wide enough.  They also have a nice arch in them, which is important to me!
B003EEBGS4 Puma Women's I bought these Pumas for my daughter and hesitated buying them on line, because we could spend a whole hour trying different models, but she insisted that the last pair of pumas she had were incredibly comfortable. Well she is just as satisfied, they fit perfectly! She highly recommends them!
B003EEBGS4 For me! I love to order new black/white puma shoes. I will wear them later. I have my puma clothes to match to puma shoes.
B003EECZVG Puma Ducati I found and purchased this product after seeing in Europe but unable to buy in my size.The shoes arrived before they said they would and the fitting was great.The price and service was excellent.Only took six days from USA to New Zealand.
B003EED8VM Outstanding Shoe!!! I purchased these for my son because he considers them the best.  Their are a little more expensive than other shoes in this class; however, well worth the price because they last so much longer and are much more comfortable.  Highly recommended!!
B003EEF1CQ Big feet as well At first I thought they looked a little awkward(from me looking down). I have big/wide feet. But after looking in a mirror I got used to them and decided they looked pretty nice. Within a few days I had gotten numerous compliments on them(I hardly ever get compliments on my shoes). They are extremely comfortable, considering buying these again. One note is the picture makes them look dark grey, they are straight up black with a grey puma swooshy thing.
B003EEH6QK Excellent product Excellent product I recomemded to every one and i suggest to buy one or more. fit as I was expected.
B003EEH7NM Puma shoes I bought this shoes before but I think the price was less I came to buy another one but the price differentPlease tell me why it came more??
B003EEH7NM Great shoes We bought these for our 3-year old daughter. They fit perfectly for the size and they are very comfortable. She had a pair of this model before and they lasted for a long time. They seem very durable so they are worth the price.
B003EEH7NM Great Value! My 3-year old Grandson is between sizes, so I wanted to get him a pair of &#34;now&#34; shoes.  He is very active, and growing fast and these shoes are perfect!  They are well-made and I am very happy with this choice.
B003EEH7NM On my second pair I love all the puma selections. These are the secondpair that I have ordered for my son. I get the best complimentson his shoes. He wears them till he grows out of them and they last.He is two years old so he plays hard.
B003EEH7NM Cute Second pair for my son.  He had one when he was 3yrs old.  Easy to put on, durable, looks good with everything.
B003EEH7NM great shoe These shoes are easy for a little boy to put on himself.  They go great with everything.  They are sold a a great price point.
B003EEHAHA Stay at Home Mom I love puma sneakers but this pair looks alot different in person than online. I was going to return them but decided  save myself the hassle and have my son wear them in the back yard during the summer when we have more activities back there instead......
B003FZ9DXW Just as wonderful as it looks This is my 4th pair of flat pumas ( I own 11 pairs of pumas) and these are probably my favorite pair. Really good quality, I do recommend waterproofing the suede though. Super comfortable and very fashionable.
B003FZ9TYA Fantastic Driving Shoe i bought these to drive in, and there fantastic, makes heal toe shifting etc really easy. i love them they are comfortable and so far have lasted a bit, only down fall is the flat bottom with little grip provides issues when it rains, but thats a small complaint. would buy another pair.
B003FZGOC0 Best Sneakers I've Ever Owned!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! True to size and SO comfortable.  I've always bought Nikes in the past but after my last pair started to come apart, I bought Pumas instead.  I didn't have to break mine in at all.  They came three days earlier than expected.  I can honestly say that I'll buy Puma from now on because I LOVE these sneakers.  I can't wait to go jogging in them!
B003FZGOC0 woman Puma shoes These are the best puma shoes they have even came out with I love them when I bought my first pair that has been a year ago and still in good shape so when I seen these I had to buy them:) so please send me info on them when you have a sale on them ... Thanks
B003FZGOC0 Puma shoes I found these shoes for my daughter for school, we had looked everywhere and could not find what she was looking for.  She got on the internet and there they were.  Free shipping was an added bonus!
B003FZGOC0 Just ordered my second pair I love this shoe! My other pair lasted 5 years, definitely a great investment. They're very comfortable and easy to wear all day.
B003FZJWW4 Small but cool These shoes definitely fit a lot smaller than all other shoes I have worn. I had to send my first pair back to get a bigger size. Make sure you know this when you order. Also, after only a few days, a rip started to develop at the toe of the shoes. I was very gentle with them and was very surprised when I saw the rip. Aside from those things, I am pleased with the shoe, it looks great. The black is great for hiding stains in wear. Also, be aware that these may look like jordan's to most people at first glance because of the way they are colored. I give the shoe a 7/10
B003FZJWW4 Great pair of trainers! The shoes were as I expected - stylish and comfortable. As other reviewers have noted, Puma's sizes run small so I opted for a half size bigger than what I would ordinarily get. The shoe fits almost perfectly, and I have certainly enjoyed wearing a pair of shoes that fit well and are stylish too. They practically go with anything and are great for anything from walking the dog to being a casual pair of trainers for a night out.
B003FZJWW4 Love my Pumas This was my first pair of Pumas, and I have to say that I am a huge fan.  I drive a lot, and these are easily the best driving shoe I have ever owned.  Look good around the office too.
B003FZKU5W Love these shoes! I love love love these shoes!  I was nervous to order them online since I had previously ordered a pair of Pumas that I didn't like.  But these are awesome!  Comfortable and super cute!  I get so many compliments on them.  Great buy..I'm happy!
B003FZL4YS Great shoes!!!! I ordered these as a Christmas gift for my mother-in-law. I have a similar pair and I LOVE them! They are so comfortable. I really love the sleek design and low profile. They are less bulky than typical athletic shoes. They can be worn casual with blue jeans or shorts but still be worn working out. I use them for Zumba and they are great!
B003GPXR0Q the best sneakers I got the sneakers today and i went for a run for 2 hours, these PUMA running sneakers are socomfortable. I have a bad knee but with these sneakers i did not feel any pain at all.they are miracle, i did not expect to be this good:)And the price is awesome too.I am very glad I ordered the sneakers and I highly recommend them ladies.
B003GQ6QW6 Puma sneakers I bought these shoes for my kid and he abused them. He runs with them, he skates with them, he rides his scooter with them and I got to say, these Puma shoes are holding its ground. So far, they have been a great buy.
B003LJXZ5O Nice set of sweats I was pleased with this purchase.  I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another pair of these when the time comes.  I've only worn them for a month so don't know how durable they will be but I don't anticipate a problem.
B003LY4NK0 Great value and looks! I ordered these shoes and a pair of Adidas shoes (same price) with the objective of keeping only one pair as a Christmas gift for my husband. After comparing them I decided to keep the Puma shoes, as they look bolder and more original.
B003LY4OGS About to order my 2nd pair I have owned this pair of shoes for 2 or 3 years now (it's been so long I don't remember exactly). They are very comfortable, very easy, they go with EVERYTHING, and I have nothing bad to say about them. The Puma stripe or whatever you want to call it is just starting to come off on the very edges, but I have been wearing this pair of shoes almost exclusively for 2-3 years. I'm glad Amazon has them...I'm ordering my 2nd pair now!
B003LY4TG8 Disappointment Comes in Pretty Colors This is my first & last pair of Pumas. Was initially attracted to these because they advertised all the features I was looking for in a trail shoe. The fact that they have a Vibram tread for my runs was a plus. Got them about 2 wks ago & the first time I wore them I noticed they were unexpectedly snug around the sides, particularly where the pinky toes are (& yes, I even went up a size when I ordered these after reading the other reviews). I tried going for a short 15 min. walk & for the first 10 mins didn't feel anything out of the ordinary but after that I was noticing that these sneakers weren't allowing my feet to spread out properly, they didn't have enough arch support, & there wasn't enough cushioning in the balls of the footbed for me. The next day, I had trouble walking due to a sudden nasty case of tendonitis in my feet & ankles after wearing these sneakers! I was horrified, esp since I have NEVER had any issues with such before, so I knew it had to be due to the aforementioned problems I experienced with these sneakers.Gave them to someone else who didn't have the problems I did with them & they love them.The only good things I can say about these sneakers is that the gripping action of the Vibram treads is truly impressive & the reflective accents around the shoe offer an excellent degree of visibility at night. They're very pretty & from examining their features I can tell they'd probably make an excellent trail shoe for someone with a more narrow foot but unfortunately these don't work for me :(. What a disappointment!
B003LY4TG8 The best trail shoe yet! I have a pair of these that I got a few months back and am buying a second pair as a Christmas gift to myself! They are so comfortable, improve stability, great traction, I can't say enough about them. I wear them everywhere!
B003LY4WGA I love these shoes I love these shoes! I don't actually use them for soccer, but they are super comfy once you break them in and have quickly become my preferred pair of shoes.
B003LY4XLY Best cheap pair of boots Almost two years of use and these cleats are soooooo comfy. break in period is short. great cleats. I wear size 10 shoes normally, I went with 9.5 for a snug fit.
B003LY50N4 You won't be disappointed! I love myPUMA Men's Cell Cerano Sneaker. In fact, they are the best pair of running shoes I have ever owned. They are lightweight, reasonably priced, and even somewhat comfortable.
B003LY50N4 good for price handsome shoes. not cheap feeling, comfortable.theyre not my all time favorite pair, but they are still great.especially for the asking price. they are light weight and good for summer and indoor use.
B003MAJTAM Looked good but defective This shoe looked really cool and fit well but one of the holes to tread the laces through ripped and they had stitched it back together. I noticed this when took it out of the box and figured that it was not too big of a deal till the stitching ripped two weeks later...disappointing...
B003MAJWCW Puma Lover is disappointment I am obsessed with Pumas and never owned a pair I didnt love. I dont love these and actually dont like them. They have a weird bottom that caused me to feel like I was walking funny while wearing them. I havent wore them but one time.
B003MAJWCW Cant find the right fit Puma shoes must just run completely irregular.  I have a fav pair that are a womens 7.5.  They fit great.  I bought these and they are wayyy too big.  I have recently purchased another pair of puma's.  The size 7's were huge.  So I returned those and ordered 6 1/2 big kids.  Also too big.  What the heck lol.  It doesnt even make sense!  I love how the shoes are so light weight and low cut, but finding a fitting pair has become a challenge.
B003MAJWCW Kickboxing This model of Puma is perfect for kickboxing, yoga or indoor mat use. I had a previous pair that lasted for 8 months when I used them 6 days a week. I love the bright orange and magenta! The bottom is very important with the turn spot on the ball of the foot, keeps balance when kicking. Our local stores dont have nearly the different colors offered here (white, black and gray). The size is very true as well, I usually wear a 8 to 8.5. Definatley a good buy for money and come on, it's not like you can go wrong with Puma!
B003MAJWCW Wife Love's these shoes...however... I ordered the white with Silver Pumas for my wife.  When items arrived, i checked the box and the description fit what I had ordered.  Well, comee Christmas Morning, the wife opened up and turns out that what was in the box didn't match what I ordered nor what was on the box.  She got a pair of BLACK and SILVER Pumas and not WHITE and SILVER.  Seeing since i am a lazy guy and don't want to mess with shipping back and all that jazz, i told her that They'll look good with jeans and had to sell her on the black ones.  My recommendation, check what's in the box before you ship.  Other than that, the shoes are the size ordered and she is happy with them.  The fifth star should go to me for my lightning fast sales skills. But seriously folks, check the box before you ship.
B003MAJWCW Puma I love this sneaker, my problem is I have lived in Florida for 12 years and always have worn sandles, so trying to put on a real shoe just wasn't going to happen.
B003MAJWCW Snap,crackle,pop Purchased these after previous pair (same style) started making a popping sound coming from the arch area.  Now, these are doing the same thing.  What's up with that????
B003MAJWCW puma women's I enjoy the shoes however had to get new laces because the ones sent were cheap looking and feeling. Other than the laces im completely satisfied
B003MAJWCW Love my Pumas! I'll start by saying I like shoes that make a statement, and I've always wanted a pair of Pumas. These have lived up to everything I thought they would be. Durable (for a mom on the go), lightweight, versatile, yet make a statement. Will definitely buy again!
B003MAJWCW Puma tennis shoes They are exactly what I was looking for.  They arrived early brand new in the box.  I love these shoes.
B003MAJWCW Sneakers - Worth it!!! Cute Pair of Sneakers. I am really happy with this product. My daughter looks cute with them on. They are sturdy and made well.
B003MAJWCW My second pair!! Love them! They are a fantastic pair of sneakers to wear around town. Especially with a pair of pants that's to short for a shoes with a higher sole!
B003MAJWCW Love them! I just L-O-V-E white sneakers in the summertime.  I have received many compliments on these sneakers.  They reel extremely light on your feet.
B003MAJWCW Love my new shoes I bought these and I wasn't sure about them at first but after a couple days of wearing them I love them!
B003MAJWCW Puma Sneakers When I received the shoes, the shoe string on one of the shoes was "yellowed" I took a picture and sent it in, but I never received a response.
B003MAJWCW Great for the Price Was looking for a replacement pair of pumas without having to pay the same amount. These were perfect and I love the color!
B003MAJWCW A little big but I loves them The shoes are a little to big but I love them an I don't want to send them back for a smaller pair
B003MAJWCW I am an RN I am on my feet all day, and NEVER thought these shoes would be comfortable. I was so wrong.  Thinking you needed a &#34;cushy&#34; sole to stand on all day, I have always worn Asics and Dansko's.  I find that these shoes give me the proper amount of comfort in the heel and the ball of my foot.  May have something to do with the support piece they use (that you can see in the shot of the bottoms).  In fact, when I come home, I used to kick my shoes off first thing. I can continue to wear these for several hours after I get off shift. My foot tends to run a little wide across the bridge, and I take a solid 10 1/2.  The 11's fit perfectly.  So that being said, you may consider ordering a 1/2 size larger if you have a little wider foot.  I also discovered the letter &#34;P&#34; in the description indicates &#34;patent&#34; leather, and I now own a pair of comfortable, if not shiny, pair that are great in the rain.  In fact, I have 3 pair of the Soleil style, and am always searching for a great deal on another pair.  I think you could consider these feel like being barefoot, but with support.
B003MAJWCW rjbg84 Bought these for my girlfriend, and she absolutely loved them!!! Great price for a great product. No issues here!!! The shoes have been, her opinion, flawless. She wanted black because it gets less dirty than white or suede ones.
B003MAJWCW Great! This shoe arrived before the marked time frame. All original packaging, and exactly as expected from a new pair of shoes. Its exactly as order for a reasonable price.
B003MAJWCW perfect! Awesome, 3rd pair for me and will be my next pair as well. Clean easy, and have a narrower fit. I wear a size 10 so most shoes look like clod hoppers. Not these.
B003MAJWCW Very Satisfied I bought these for my daughter as an Easter gift and she absolutely loves them!!  These are her second pair of Pumas and I believe she is hooked.  Buying her another pair to put away for school next yr.
B003MAJWWW Very comfy This is the first pair of Pumas that I've owned since high school.I was worried about buying them online, having not tried on Pumas in 15 years, but I found they are true to size.I'm not in love with the silver of these shoes, but they reflect in headlights when I'm walking my dog at night, so at least that's a bonus.They are very cushy and comfortable. Took a day or two to break them in, but after that, they fit perfectly.
B003MAJYTS Problems at first I purchased these shoes and within two days where the lace holes are attached to the shoe had completely came unstitched from the leather. I emailed amazon and they sent me a new pair before I could even get the old pair back in the mail. The new pair are very comfortable and no problem so far.
B003MSMI2K Look and feel great! I'm stylin' on the course now with these shoes.  Very comfortable and nice grip.  Get yourself a pair of these now!
B003MSMI2K Great quality, great looks Love the looks, quality and stability of this shoe. Also available in 'wide' fit.Just bought my second pair for a discount price!
B003MSMI2K Great product, great price!! My boyfriend golfs a lot and he has a blak pair already but wanted a white pair. We've had a really hard time finding a nice white pair and these were perfect!! We couldn't find them anywhere else and this was also a great price!
B003MSMI2K Best golf shoes I've ever worn I was shopping shoes for awhile, and when they went on sale on Amazon, I jumped on it.  This being my first pair of Puma golf shoes, I had high hopes but had no experience.  A few rounds in, these are easily the most comfortable golf shoes I've ever worn.  Highly recommended.
B003MZ0KUK Sad....just sad. I saw the grey version of this bag and immediately fell in love. Amazon said they only had 1 left in stock. And so I rushed and paid for it.When I received my item at home, I immediately opened it and found a black mesh cheap bookbag in the plastic. I immediately called Amazon and they informed me that in fact they didn't have any in stock. So the only thing for me to do was return the item for a refund.Not a happy transaction but Amazon at least has good customer service reps that sympathized with me. A human touch never hurts.
B003PJ7J5C awesome These are the most comfortable shoes I have owned.  I purchased these shoes back in 2010.  The still fit,feel and look great.  These also have lasted the longest.  I am so glad I was able to fond another pair so I ordered them again!!! If u can find them they are definitely worth the money!!
B003R4ZMYK Cut 30+ secs off my mile - walking! I simply love these shoes! I've had 5 back surgeries so running is not an option. To keep my endorphins up and sanity intact, I walk 4-5 miles every other day (if said back allows). My last two pairs were some decent Nike's and an earlier version of Puma's. My 1st day in these was an OMG experience. The push/bounce off your stride was immediately noticeable - almost to where I was slowing for balance. I typically do a 14' 30" mile walking. My 1st outing with these dropped that into the 13's. Even after ~200 miles, I've got plenty of tread and plenty of bounce (14' 15"/mile). Amazing what a difference a shoe can make in your speed and feel. And a bargain to boot. This will be my next pair.
B003R4ZVCI Best goddamn indoor shoes I've ever had. This is a late review. I've used this pair for years (I only play occasionally now) and they're still the best I've ever had. I wish I had discovered these earlier when I was more competitive.
B003R4ZVWI Great indoor soccer shoes, my first pair This is my first pair of indoor soccer shoes. I just got into indoor soccer and since my feet are huge i had to get a size 13. The grip on the bottom is good. The shoe is very comfortable. I had to break them in and for the first time playing soccer in them they kind of hurt my feet on the edges by my toes. but once broken in feel fine.The reason why i give these shoes a 4 star review is because of how much stretching i had to do to one of the shoes. My feet are pretty wide and these shoes are kind of narrow so i had to stretch them out a lot. But other than that they are a great pair of indoor soccer shoes. i recommend them to anyone.
B003S9VJU0 Awesome I received them and I thought "mmm they don't look as I thought". I tried at home they didn't fit well also. I was thinking in return them, but I decided to wait and try them in a real game. I was a little nervious and uncomfortable wearing my new puma soccer shoes first time. Anyway I jumped into the field and when I was in my possition (middle up), the defense of the opossite team rejected a ball and I kicked back to the goal with my left foot before it reached the ground. It was a perfect score, kind of Ronaldo's scores. After that I get used to my new soccer shoes and I can't wait to wear them again every week.Perfect fit, leather make them soft, light and firm at the same time. The possition of the shoe laces help to a precise kick. I feel like a profesional. You definitively should try them.
B003S9VJU0 Fantastic Cleats, Good Value Comfortable, well padded, great stability, good traction even on wet grass, predictable ball control.  What more can you ask for? The discount price on the older model makes it great value.  Get 1/2 size larger than your usual shoes.  I've always used Adidas within the same price range, and these are better.  Nike falls way behind: worst stability and ball control.
B003S9VJU0 Great cleat This is our second pair of Puma 2.10s and we are very pleased with the quality and fit of the cleat.
B003S9VJU0 Great Value for Ruggers My son needed new rugby boots delivered to him at school right away, so we needed a product eligible for Amazon Prime.  His first choice were much more costly and I rejected it.  Then poring through the listings we found this pair.  Two days later they were on his feet at practice, and he wore tham that weekend for a game.  He reported to me that the fit was good, that hardly any break in was needed, and that he loves these boots.  We'll see how they wear over time.  These have hard grounds studs, which is more versatile if you only have a limited budget for rugby boots.
B003U6ZTK2 Great shoes, durable for my preschooler! I initially bought this style shoe last year after a winning night in Vegas - the only way I can justify spending $35 on kids shoes. Best purchase I made. The shoes were great in all weather, all seasons and lasted well over a year. Once she grew out of them we immediately bought a new pair. She gets complimented on her shoes almost every time she wears them and I get asked where I found them. This is a great product!!
B003U892HG LOVE LOVE these pumas! sooo cute :) we got these for my son (after having him try on similar pairs and styles at the puma store to be sure of sizing) he ended up needing a 1/2 size larger than i thought, in order to leave room for a years growth. we bought these and a white pair with the straps and he loves them! he gets soo many compliments on them, i even love them, i bought a bigger pair in my size (hope they fit!!) seriously cute shoes and can't beat the price and super super fast shipping!!!
B003U892HG Great Shoe for Little Tike We got our son a pair of these Pumas several months ago and he has loved them from the start.  They have held up very well with his scraping and scuffing.  His eyes light up everytime we pull them out to put them on him.  About to order our second pair, as he's now outgrown the ones he has.  Quality and workmanship were remarkable for a little dude's shoes and they are apparently very comfortable, as he never complains for a second about wearing his "kitty cat shoes."  The velcro fasteners are awesome as well!
B003UBTQJW LOVE LOVE LOVE Exactly what I wanted. These shoes are great for an infant with a high instep or wider feet. They are stylish and comfy for my little guy.
B003V5WUUE Got what I paid for. I got this backpack as something to hold my workout clothes. That consists of solely a pair of sneakers, a shirt, a pair of shorts and wrist wraps. This backpack holds all those things pretty well. However, after I change and put my day clothes in instead (consists of sneakers, jeans and a shirt) the backpack get's really snug and most of the time I don't even know if it will zip. This is probably great for a few notebooks, but nothing heavy. It's great looking but definitely not build quality for the long haul, and shoulder straps are not comfortable at all.
B003V5WUWM Not so good Puma! Thought the material was better than what I received... I am not into the term used for every material, I just know which material is better when I see one.  And this Puma is not worth what I paid for! But since it was just a gift, I did not return it. Had I been the one to use this, oh no, I won't. It also has no compartment for small things, which is rather rare for a bag. All in all, it was not what I expected, but had to accept it anyway.
B003VDV2T6 Good company This company has been great to work with. I ordered a pair of the cleats , received them within days and had to return them because of sizing. Their customer service was friendly, professional and good communicating to the customer. They gave me the instructions to get the shoes returned. I then ordered the correct size and again had it in days, The return on the first pair was done quickly and the credit to my account also only took a few days. I have not had such a good experience with a company when ordering direct from them and not in a store situation.
B003ZJCEXO Stylish, comfortable, good for running Well let me just stay I bought this for style, you know get that "athletic" look going.I ordered the Black/Rio Red and they look even better we you see it for yourself. Th inside is nothing special. It actually feels like microfiber cloths you use to wipe your screen yet feels higher quality. The outside does a great job breaking the wind. It's perfect to wear for those warm yet coldish days. And above all they look sexy to wear. The red strips and zipper look very nice along with a puma logo zipper piece. Two outside pockets that are pretty deep and two inside pockets that are like pouches almost.I ordered a large and the sleeves were a little longer then I wanted but nothing to fret over. I'm 6ft so everything else was find along the torso.So rather if you buy for looks or for exercise, I think you'll like it.Also I got this for 37.00 dollars with amazon prime so it was a steal. They said one left in stock. I come back here to write this review they jack up the price to 50.00 again saying one left in stock. Kinda weird, don't you think?Have any questions ill answer them the best I can
B003ZJCEXO Very Nice! this is so far one my best buy here in amazon really like the jacket and the materials used for it. i ordered a medium and it fitted me so well.
B003ZJCEXO Excellent durability and should last forever I don't have this exact shown color of the jacket, mine has a black zipper instead of the white. I've been wearing one that I bought in 2005 and use it every winter very frequently. It still pretty much looks as if it were new and feels the same as when I bought it over 7 years ago. I can't even read what's on the inside label because it's been washed so many times. Now that shows they know how to make a quality product.
B003ZJCEXO I like it I wish if I bought one size smoller however the Jacket is well made and looks very good for the price.
B003ZW2FJO junk! They are giant & all the Puma stuff was pealing off or already completely off. Not satisfied with this product in the least!
B003ZW2FJO Love this company Love this brand. Great product for less than the other big names with just as great of quality. My only reason for four stars was that this line feels a little smaller than their other lines mostly in the butt and thighs. I returned my regular size and got a size larger and they are great. Good product. Good customer service. Good product.
B003ZW2FJO Puma sweatpants I was trying to get a pair exactly like some he loves but this was different.  Will keep trying.  The quality of Puma is outstanding!
B003ZYW0CO Great watch but not as advertised The picture in the Amazon ad shows the dial to be white numbers on a black background, the rim to be white letters on black, the function buttons to be black, and the puma logo to be red.  Instead the dial is black on white, the rim is black on white, the buttons white, and the puma white.  It changes the design from being stealthy and understated to being kind of garish.  I think the main reason many people buy Puma watches is for the style, and one should expect to get what is pictured.  If I thought I could get it exchanged for one like the picture, I would return it.  But Puma probably changed the style and Amazon did not update their ad.  Otherwise it is a great watch for the price.
B003ZYW0CO Wristband on the black Puma Loop Watch is chalky and not actually black. Yuck. The wristband is made a of a super cheap rubber. Almost like a tire's rubber.And it's not black, but just a worn out gray that's chalky and unattractive.The blue/orange one is teriffic (I own that one, too), but this one isn't worth a buck. I'm returning it.
B003ZYW0CO Price fits quality Feels cheap, was cheap so makes sense.  White gets dirty easily.  Feels good on the wrist.  Works for me.  Recommended for the price.
B00416BRUQ Loved it... We loved this shoe, my daughter thought they were very comfortable!  We hoped to find another pair like them this year, but so far we have not been successful.
B00416BTKE great! these are the best shoes which i ever bought to my daughter, she loves them,wearing on all occasions,great great shoes anyway!
B00416BUK8 Kids Puma Future Cat Remix Lo V Sneaker I bought these shoes in pink for my 7-year old daughter and she absolutely loves them.  They are a very soft and flexible leather shoe with a nice cushiony padding on the inside--it almost feels like they have a gel-type padding.  She says they are very comfortable and the velcro closure is so convenient.  Aside from being comfortable, they look great.  These shoes look so much better in person than on your computer screen--definitely exceeded my expectations.  The shipping was fast also.  I would definitely recommend them, and intend to buy another pair--now my daughter wants the blue pair :0)
B0041D8KDQ Great and very practical This wristlet is great, and the price is fantastic. The only thing is that it is more of a gray than black.
B0042AN2K4 I just wish I have had bought this shoes earlier! I never really have had bought a pair of puma shoes before, and during black friday I was looking for a new one just to add my new style. And I found this Future Cat Remix Puma sneaker -- black leather with the red strip on it. I knew just when I looked at this shoes that it was gonna look great on me, and it is! The design of the shoe gave a very slick, casual, and sport look that I could wear it for most occasions. The black leather part gave a sheeny but not-so-shiny look, and when that combined with the slick design of shoelaces (which is moved to the side of the front foot rather than in the center), and the contrast red strip of puma cat, this shoe turned out to be the best casual shoe that I liked the most so far. Very comfortable to take off. The inside part is embedded by soft synthetic material which yet makes me feel very comfortable to wear. Definitely recommended!
B0042AN4C0 Awesome price! I bought this for my husband!!! he loves them! at the store they are about 100 bucks so i saved around 40 buying them here! love them
B0042ANAQA Well-made, comfy footwear, but a far cry from boring These are very cool. Retro and gorgeous. My husband loves this suede pair and says they are very comfortable compared to a pair of leather Pumas he owns, which are too stiff and narrow. Package arrived extremely quickly and item was exactly as described. Price was very reasonable, too. We took a lot of time to find just the perfect pair, and I'm very glad we ended up with these.  They are very sylish and look great!
B0042ANHUE Disappointed I had a pair of Easy Riders many moons ago and loved them as a trainer.  They may have been heavy for some but if you had cranky knees, they were great.  The bottoms absorbed a lot of shock and they lasted forever.  Had to be on the lookout for doggie doo because they were a a pain to clean.  I took a chance on these sneax and I am sorry I did.  They are a cheap knockoff of the originals with flimsy construction, and they are HOT on your feet.  They also seemed to fit fine on one side and tight on the other.  Save your money, unless you can find them for 25 bucks....not worth it
B0042ANHUE Some sole-full sneaks. There's only one reason you're lookin' at these kicks; it's the soles on them. Okay, maybe it's 'cause you had a pair when they first came out back in the late *seventies* ...but that's what attracted you the first time around; the soles. I had a pair back then.Up top ...pretty retro-classic running shoe lines with a mix of (mostly) nylon and some suede leather with classic "Puma" logos and wave swoosh. The insoles remind you of how much running shoe technology has evolved in the last 30(!) years; they are comfortable as casual kicks but not the ticket for a modern marathon. Overall a minimal, lightweight and comfortable shoe ...consider these the "speedier" little brother to the Puma EasyRiders. In fact, the FastRider was marketed to lighter runners while the EasyRider tuned more for heavier runners (and this was back before obesity became a national pass time).But then there's those awesome looking soles covered, from heel to toe, with scads of cone-like cleats; anyway you view them they just look cool. Like the EasyRiders, Puma used a "cone" type of tread (they were competing against Nike's iconic "waffle" soles) only with the FastRider they used smaller cones and mounted them in a V-shaped arrangement; two tread cones are joined at their bases and splayed at an angle as they protrude from the bottom of the shoe. The "science" back then was the splay of the cones would offer greater cushioning (vs. the straight up cone tread of the EasyRiders) by flexing as weight was placed on them. The flex-y tread also gives the soles the ability to conform to uneven terrain providing excellent traction on just about any surface, hard or soft. The cushy foam midsole was part of the system and the shoe "works' as good today as I remember it 30 years ago. As sweet as these vintage treads are to wear today, they also retain their biggest drawback; all that flex-y comfort, cush and traction comes at the price of durability. The soles will wear quickly in the heels since there are no designed-in heel strike areas ...again you're dealing with old shoe technology ...and the sole will be long gone before the uppers are anywhere near worn through; the price one pays for "cool-ness". That's about the only drawback I've experienced. They fit true to size and are comfortably snug on your feet. In addition to just casual wear these shoes, IMHO, make an excellent choice as a very lightweight trail shoe ...perfect for the short day hike on established or improved trails or on more urban all-weather gravel. And be prepared, once you get back to "civilization", to check your feet; the grippy soles *will* pickup and hold small rocks, trail debris and mud.If you fell in love with these shoes thirty years ago, here's your chance to get re-aquainted. If you were just a gleam in your daddy's eye  when these shoes first hit the market, well, check out what was cutting edge 30 years ago. Their mission this time around is casual and light trail duty. Either way these are some sole-full shoes; the look is retro-minimal, the comfort is still there and then ...there are those soles.
B0042ANJJ8 GOOD Excellent shoes, I wear to work, go out there, from here to there and have gone very well, this line of Puma is phenomenal, with a traction foot makes you feel with freshness and flexibility, very good shoes, very good pair!
B0042ANLVE Style These shoes are stylin' and pretty cheap. I wore them around the house and they fit nice, oh and no one has these, so that's cool.
B0042ANR18 237 of 365. Thank's to Amazon.com's always accurate and speedy delivery, I have Pair-of-Sneakers #237 in my quest for 365 pairs of sneakers, one or more for absolutely every single day of the year. Amazon is my always-the-right-price for always-the-right-sneaker source, delivered with faster-than-lightening accuracy. Thank you Amazon! We've only got 128 pairs of sneakers to go!
B0042ANT48 Amazing buy and beauty shoes, Happy!!! This is a excellent order that I did in this year 2012, It is really good and fit, also I like the style. This shoes was my first order made in amazon and I feel satisfied with amazon and my buy. I recommend it. :)
B00439GBOS Helluva nice shoe! I bought these for my husband (I really liked them, wished they were mine!) for his birthday.  The fit was perfect, and they're an incredibly cool looking shoe!  He also says they're very comfortable.  Throw the great price into the mix, and it's a perfect combination!  Try a pair, but don't buy up all the 9 1/2's -- I want to buy him another pair!  = :-)
B00439GBOS Now a believer! I bought these for my husband as a gift because I have the same shoe in the women's version and love them. He only buys another brand usually and I've been trying to get him to try these for quite awhile. Now that he has these, he's bought a second pair to wear to the gym and wears the original ones for work. I love Pumas, and these shoes are super comfortable in the men's or the women's!
B00439GBOS Great shoes by puma Another terrific pair of shoes by Puma.  Great for cross-training and very comfortable.  These tend to run a little small so select a size 1/2 larger than usual.  I went for a 12 rather than my normal 11 1/2.  Otherwise, all around great shoes at a fantastic price.
B00439GBOS Worth up to $50 for this pair! This shoe is very comfortable, even for indoor soccer and a large amount of running which I have put them through! My friends also seem to think they are very attractive shoes and have asked where they can get their own on several occasions.
B00439GBOS Great Bought these shoes and came in a pretty fast timeframe (1 week).Came in a big box as well as the shoebox inside the big box. Thes shoes as well as the shoe box was in pristine condition.Would buy shoes again on Amazon.
B00439GBOS Loved these shoes The shoes are excellent. Been wearing them for almost 2 years and just bought a second pair because they are getting old and going out of stock. Would definitely reccomend.
B00439GBOS Puma Vetara Just ordered my 4th pair of Puma Cell Vetara shoes.  I absolutely love them.  I bought my first pair a while back on a whim because I had 40% off so I figured what the heck, why not.  The shoe is great.  It is comfortable, stays true to the size, and looks good.  I wouldn't have purchased 4 pairs if I didn't like them.  I recommend them to anyone and everyone!
B00439GCEM Love them, but they didn't last =\ Bought these shoes as work shoes as I walk around A LOT throughout my work day and I don't want to ruin my feet in heels.  The inside felt really fluffy, but didn't cover the entire inside of the shoe so my feet would actually slip to the side of the shoe off the inside cushion, which was a little obnoxious.  Nothing I couldn't deal with.  What I can't deal with is after 3 months of wearing them pretty much every day for work, the sole at the heel started to wear and squeak everytime I took a step.  Sigh, it gets really annoying as I can't take a step without that squeaking.  I love these shoes though so I may buy another pair to see if maybe I got an anomaly?
B00439GCEM shoe comparison i purchased two pairs, one black and one brown.  black does not fit as well as brown.  what's up with that.  I plan tostretch them.
B00439GCEM What a great deal for great shoes! Even though I recently found out Puma was involved in animal testing, I still love these darn shoes! They're cute, comfortable and I wear mine almost every day just doing every day tasks. However, I will not purchase another pair due to the animal testing.
B00439GCEM 2nd pair These are just as comfortable as the 1st pair of Puma shoes that I have.  I like the slim style and look and they hold up well.
B00439GCEM Love this sneaker This is my second pair of Puma Soleil Suede sneakers.  The first pair was black.  I find them extremely comfortable.  I usually take a 9 in sneakers, but found 9 1/2 was a better fit.  Would recommend these to anyone who wants sneakers for walking, yoga, dancing or working out in a gym.
B00439GCEM Great! I've worn pumas for several years.  My new pair has lived up to my expectations.  The description provided online was accurate.
B00439GCEM Best Sneakers Ever I absoluely hate wearing shoes. I prefer the freedom of sandals or flip flops. There are time sin life that call for a good pair of shoes though. I have always hated every pair of real shoes that I had ever had/worn for many reasons. These shoes were so amazingly light and comfortable I found myself finding excuses and outfits to wear them with when I didnt have to. I will likely be a Puma customer for life now. I'm very pleased with the quality and the stylish but low-key feel of these particular shoes. They fit true to size for me.
B00439GCEM faded One of the shoes looked new the other one looked used the one shoe is super faded. Then they weren't the pair I wanted. To much of a Hassel to send back k and wait another week.
B00439GCEM Great Shoes I love the shoes. They fit great and the bottom is slightly padded which is nice, they took some getting used to after the puma's I used to wear that had no padding.
B00439GCEM Puma's fit me like a glove This is my second pair (one in gray and one in black). I love the cushion ball on the bottom of the sneaker that helps with softening the pressure on the ball of my foot.  They fit well. I would buy another pair in a heartbeat!!
B00439GCEM Great product, great price. The product got here right on time! And for the price of under 40 bucks, it's an EXCELLENT buy. It was packaged nicely, and the shoes look better in person!And the plus is the bag it comes in; it's reusable!
B00439GCEM Love them! Love these shoes! Very comfortable... Nicely padded, true to size. Best pair of pumas that I own! I could honestly walk all day in them.... I would definitely reccomend these to anyone looking for a comfy stylish pair of sneakers!
B00439GCEM In love These my first pair of Puma shoes ever! I was always more of a Nike fan! Now I have added Puma! They are comfortable and look amazing!
B00439GCEM Comfy sneaker I bought this shoe in black after wearing the grey for a couple months.The sneaker snugly hugs your foot and is complemented by a cushioned gel insole.  My pumas have always lasted a long time, my previous pair I wore for around 6 years before I got holes in the sole assuming these will be the same.Highly recommend!
B00439GCEM shoe love I have had the black pair for about a month now and I wear them everyday. I am desperate to buy them in brown but they aren't available in my size. These shoes are so comfy and sleek.
B00439GCEM Love these shoes Very comfortable and I love the look of these shoes. Have worn them for errands as well as working out. Would definitely order another pair again!
B00439GCEM Great shoe if you can get a pair that doesn't have defects I ordered 2 pair of these from Amazon. Both pair had defects such as glue or noticeably defective stiching so I sent them back. Then I ordered 2 pair from Zappos. Both pair of those had defects as well. I ended up taking a left shoe from 1 box, and a right shoe from the other to get a decent set (still a few minor defects). I was willing to accept these defects because the shoes are sooooooo comfortable. My opinion...Don't order online. Find a Famous Footwear or somewhere that you can actually see the shoes.
B00439GCEM I've never been a big puma fan but these tennis shoes are great! This is the first pair of Pumas I've ever bought and I'm so glad I did. They are comfy and look great on your foot. I'm definetly a Puma fan now!
B00439GCEM Confortables I never used this brand before. These fixed very well and  are very comfortable. I hope to buy more shoes Puma.
B00439GCEM Looks Good! Love my fashion Puma's. The coffee bean is a true rich brown.  I usually wear a 9 or 9.5 and the 9.5 fits great.  I wouldn't walk any marathons in them.  There is not much support.  I bought a pair of Dr. Scholl's inserts and now they feel great!
B00439GCEM Beautiful shoe PUMA made another great shoe.  Problem is they run a little small.  For the experience of trying them on, I paid $8.00 to have them shipped to me and another $9.50 to ship them back through the USPS.Not fun.  Next time I will go to the PUMA store.  Didn't realize it would be so expensive to try on a pair of sneakers.
B00439GCEM Poor quality I purchased these to replace my current pair of Pumas.  I usually really like their products.  The shipment came very quickly, and with a cute shoe bag as an extra.  However, there was obvious loose stitching on one of the shoes that I immediately noticed.  There was also some beading on the suede and an imperfection on one of the side vinyl wave things.  I wouldn't have sent them back if they were like $25/$30, but for $60 I want them to be spot on.  I returned them the next day.  Guess I will have to go to the Puma store to make sure the quality is what I expect.
B00439GCEM Great pair of fashion sneakers to wear them occasionally! What I noticed first was that the color is darker than in the pictures... Anyway it looks very nice!The other thing what called my attention at a first glance was the laces... Their texture is a bit strange, I don't know which material are their made of but it seems to be something synthetic... Also these laces are not as long as my other shoe laces... Anyway none of this things is a problem, they keep tied without any problems!Another thing that called my attention was that the sole is very thin but at least up to now that's not seem to be a problem!I always wear 8 or 8,5 so I ordered a 8,5 and the fit was perfect!After using them for a couple of weeks I can tell that:-They were a bit noisy at first but then the noise disappear (it was a bit annoying)-They are very comfortable but I don't recommend them for daily use or if you have to do long walks... One day I walked almost 4 kilometers and I got a blister on my foot (above my little toe) because of the friction with the shoe...-They are a bit narrow but it's ok!In summary I think that these are a great pair of fashion sneakers to wear them occasionally!
B00439GCEM Comfy I love the wider width and the option of having a material other than only leather.I could probably have gone with a half size smaller with the extra width. I love this pair of sneakers.
B00439GCEM Great! I love these shoes. They are very comfortable, even for my wide feet. I have a gray pair also and I wear them almost every day!
B00439GCEM Love them!! First I bought a brown pair because of all the good reviews and I liked the looks of them. I wanted the dark shadow but they were out in my size so I bought the brown ones. The reviews didn't lie, these are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. I went back and ordered the  gray ones, so now I own both the brown and gray and am so happy to have them.
B00439GCEM LOVE THESE These shoes are so comfy.  I work retail so I am on my feet A LOT and the high arch in these are wonderful.  My back has less pain as well as my feet.  Saving my moolah to get a pair in brown as well....If you have high arches, this is the brand for you.  My feet feel soooo great in these and they are so light weight and my feet don't get all sweaty because the fabric breathes.  I wear these shoes almost every day now.
B00439GCEM women's ;puma sneakers Sneakers arrived in a timely fashion and in good shape.  They feel awesome.  I purchased a pair over 6 years ago and should have purchased some before now but &#34;life got in the way&#34;.  I wore them for the first time today and did not want to take them off.
B00439GG8Y Comfy First time I've purchased shoes online and I am satisfied with the process and the product. These are very nice looking comfortable shoes.
B0043SD9BM NOT IN STOCK I was very disappointed that they no longer had this item in stock. I had ordered another pair along with these and the selling company was very accomodating with offering discount on another item or processing a return for me.
B0046ZRCR4 Great shoe This is the second pair of PUMA Hawaii XT sneakers we have purchased.  My son, a preschooler, wore the previous pair until they were too small, but they were far from worn out.  Great quality and materials.
B0049J57OM fit well and very light as always, this pair of puma shoes is very light and comfortable.  I have not used it much since it is winter here, but I believe I will wear it quite off in Spring.
B0049J57OM Love amazon Not only do I love these shoes but the price was awesome. Shipping overseas came quickly and I have been extremely happy with my purchase....
B004C05KNG My son loves them Nice sneakers.  Well made & lasted a long time.  Bummed that size 14 is no longer available.  His are starting to wear out and he wanted the same pair.
B004DKPPR6 great shoe for the price I purchased this for my daughter to use for track season.  Her first year running in junior high and they work just fine.
B004DKQKFC Nice Item delivered on time. I must say this shoes feel great. this are smooth.If i need another pair, I definitely would buy again.
B004DN6GHQ THE BEST SHOE I EVER BOUGHT I was having a hard time deciding between these and a pair of Nikes.  My boyfriend was getting these and suggested I do the same so we "match" (we got different colors, don't judge :-).  It only took wearing them once to know I was in love.  I didn't want to take them off in the house they were so comfy....almost like a slipper!  It helps that I can just slide my foot in and the tongue doesn't get in the way as well.  The next day he wore his and later emailed me to say that they were like slippers (EXACTLY what I said the night before).  We both want to get another pair...heck, I want to get several so that I have each color and when its time for new shoes I wont have to worry about whether they still sale these!!!!!!
B004DPKEJA Bought, exchanged, got another, returned that one too I bought both the white and black one.  The white one is very nice.  Great fit and I kept.  The black one I had a major problem with 2 times.  The colors are black but have a white/tan striped underpart.  That white underneath on one color showed from the front making the shirt look not make well and so I returned the first one hoping it was just a problem with one.  When I received the second one upon exchanging it via Amazon Prime I noticed the same problem as the first one.  I returned but this time just asked for a refund which I received.  I recommend the white one but not the black one.
B004DSNSQS Perfect gift to my brother I bought these for my brothers B-day, who tured 19, risking a lot since he is really specific when it comes to clothing (including shoes). But as soon as he saw them it was love at first sight! The perfect white, green neon puma and lace, overall style and comfort makes them his favorite. Now its all he wears!
B004DSPKL4 Love Pumas I purchased these shoes for running/jogging over a year ago and they are still going strong.  Great support, cushioning and durability and I would never hesitate to buy another pair of these shoes....which i will be doing in a few months.  One of the best shoe purchases I ever made.
B004EU33RE Love it I just love it. I had the other one before and my brother liked it and I gifted that to him and bought it again.
B004GB0S6U Pleasantly Surprised I walk/run with the outside of my foot hitting the ground first (supinate) plus I have a high arch. What I found out is that most manufacterers don't address this problem like they do people that pronate, so shoes selection is limited. I had just returned two pair of Adidas shoes that did not address this problem and was walking out of the mall when I saw the Puma store. i figured what I got to loose. When the sales person showed me the Nightfoxes I almost passed on them, but figured what have I got to looose. As soon as I put them on I knew that I was taking them home. They are very supportive and very comfortable. Now I want one in every color and I like the "fashion statement" colors. They work for me!
B004GB0S6U gift for my boyfriend I bought these shoes as a gift for my boyfriend. They arrived in the time they said they would and they were in great condition. I was nervous that the size may be off a little because it seems that every brand is a tad bit different, but they were right on. They fit great and the quality is great!
B004GB0SNS Pretty happy with these I've been in love with this general style of shoe (the slimmer, low-profile type) for the past 4 years, and have been very happy with this pair.  They fit a bit snug, which is common for these styles.  If you are into this style, you'll probably love them.
B004GB0T7S Descent shoe I first ordered the shoes and had to send them back because they were to small, I strongly suggest getting one size bigger than usual. Luckily they promptly returned them back in a week.  I bought these shoes for casual use, but have also ran and played basketball in them and they work fine. On the plus side they are comfortable, and look great.  I also really like that they're made of leather...makes for easy cleaning. Overall a descent shoe.
B004GB0TMI Amazing!!! The best pair of shoes I have ever owned. They're comfortible and fit perfectly. This is the first pair I've shoes I got that didn't start falling apart in the first week.
B004GB0TMI Great Shoe My husband has really bad feet and these shoes are great!  They are super soft and super comfy!  We will be buying another pair!
B004GB0U6S good I swear I never liked any of my shoes like this one - it feels so comfortable and delivers an excellent fashion statement. Great great buy. I used to be a loyal Nike fan, but this one made me change my party. My next shoe purchase, very high chances will be another Puma
B004GB0U6S Very stylish! I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and stylish. I bought the one in black and pink - these are classic!
B004GB0V3A Very comfortable and stylish! These shoes are super comfortable.  They are also very stylish.  I like that I can wear them to work on casual day, even though I probably shouldn't wear tennis shoes.  But I got black ones with a tan accent, so I wear them anyway.  At least they aren't huge white clodhopper tennies.  Also, I travel a lot.  So when I wear these in Europe, I think I probably don't stand out as an obvious American, like I would with the big white trainers.The grippers on the sole improve traction, but they collect a lot of mud, dirt, and snow.  Then they deposit it on the floors of your house if you're not careful.  That's the only negative thing I have to say about that.  I am actually looking for a replacement pair at a reasonable price ($30-$35).  Let me know if you come across any black ones at that price.  Thanks!
B004GB0WBQ Not for WIDE feet! I ordered a size 11 in women's for this pair of shoe. When I received them and tried them on the were very tight on the sides. I felt like I was going to lose circulation in my foot! Being stubborn I figured they would stretch being that they were partially leather. They did and now I wear them all the time. PUMA shoes are the most durable shoes I have ever owned. This pair was my second pair of PUMAS and I will continue to be a customer for years to come!
B004GB0WFC Enjoyed! Purchased for gift for daughter in law and she loved them. She loves to run and these were and are used almost daily.
B004GB0XVA Like Slippers One of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have worn.  I have had other pairs of Pumas before, but these are the most comfortable, by far.  They feel like a pair of slippers on your feet.  I also like the coffee colour.  It goes well with casual wear.
B004GB11O8 USED PRODUCT, can't believe it !!! I have been a loyal customer and have spent over $5,000usd since I started buying from Amazon and this is the first time that I've felt disrespected and disappointed in buying a product. When I opened the package containing the sneakers, I instantly realized that the sneakers were used probably once or twice. The sneakers had a jean stain on the back, the laces were off white, not crystal while like always when bought new.  Under the sneakers I found dirt and on the tip of the one of the sneakers it's been chipped (black).  I recently just got back from vacation and was planing on returning them but the 30 day policy had already expired.  I have pictures to prove that the sneakers were used and if so I would like to send them to an email where Amazon.com can take actions.
B004GB11O8 Puma sneakers These seakers were purchased for my husband&he says they are comfortable and good walking shoes. The sneakers are also a soft leather.
B004GB11O8 Classic style yet something different I've been looking for a pair of shoes that are more for grown men yet are comfortable,affordable & look good with everything. Really liked the style of these. Bought the grey ones. They look so clean! You can wear them with jeans, shorts and even slacks. They are so universal. I changed the laces though cuz the grey one looked too bland. I put black ones in and they look so much better in my opinion. Very happy with my purchase and they shipped pretty fast. Got them in 2 days!
B004GB11O8 Wrong item sent. I like the product, but the shoes were not what they said on the box.  Supposed to be white/blueprint but were all white.  Don't know what to do now.
B004GB11O8 Unimpressed Not the best pair of Pumas I've bought - and I've had many many pairs throughout the years. They were a bit wider than I would expect from Puma and the top part in front of the laces crinkled way too easily. Usually you can expect that after a couple months, but this happened right away. Now they look more worn than they should for their age.The overall design is nice, though, and is a pretty good shoe to wear casually. If you're thinking of getting these, I would recommend the red, blue, or green on white.
B004GB11O8 Looks good, feels better I bought these shoes for my wife who has arch issues and needs the support. She has nothing but high praise for them. That prompted me to buy a pair as well for myself and I love them too!
B004GB11O8 Cool Shoes I love the casual styling with the contrast of crimson red and white. I've gotten  a lot of compliment in the first week.
B004GB11O8 Classic I love the classic look of this Puma sneaker, and everyone comments on them and asks where they can get a pair.
B004GB11O8 Love these pumas Love these pumas and will be purchasing something similar really soon!!  The sole part that is white does start to peel off but these are my husbands only shoes so he wears them a lot.
B004GB11O8 is that it? look some what cool. Not the most comfortable shoes I've owned. I probably will not be getting another one. These are the first Pumas that I have own and I'm not very impressed.
B004GB11O8 it's ok the shoes are the best in comfort and style. I'm so happy with this shoes. It's the best gift too The boy's that found de comfort.
B004GB11O8 I love these sneakers. I've always enjoyed PUMA products and this pair of sneakers are my favorite.I recommend these old school sneakers to everyone.
B004GB11O8 Great shoes! Just what I was looking for.  Unfortunately, they do not stock the white/navy L2s at the Puma store near me so I went hunting online.  Of course Amazon had them and at less than full price so I jumped on these.  Just what I was looking for.  Great shoe to wear with jeans or shorts for the summer.
B004GB11O8 Pumas These felt kind of small on my feet. Maybe they feel like this because they are new because they are the same size as my other sneakers. Maybe I have to break them in first, these were pretty cheap as well
B004GB11O8 So good I bought a second pair. These are some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. I liked them so much I bought a second pair because I wore the first ones out. May even buy them again when this pair wears out.
B004GB11O8 It's Puma!!!! Nice looking pair of shoes. I love Puma so I'm satisfied with these shoes. Comfortable and stylish and draws compliments wherever I wear them.
B004GB11Z2 Best Sneaker I think this product deserves a fair review. This sneaker does not only offers style but also comfort due to its cushy midsole (not that many sneakers have this). I tried it on in Macy's and I fall in love with it instantly. Unfortunately they did not have the color that I want, so I ordered it from Amazon. The one I bought is black and red. The size (of 9) is perfect, and I am very well satisfied.
B004GB11Z2 Kid loves Pumas So have bought several pair.  always a hit.  the ease of getting them on and off is great.  If your kid is a skater boarder thought this may not be the best pair.  They will tear easy if dragged on the ground.
B004GB11Z2 Awsome its just what the title says awsome great shoes, the color is great the fit is perfect and its a great pair of shoes im already buying the black and green ones !!!
B004GB11Z2 I love these shoes! This pair is to replace another that I wore into the ground! They're actually very comfortable, and I LOVE that I can just pop them on to walk the dogs. I find that pumas run a bit small. I wear a women's 8.5, usually in men's I wear a 7 but definitely need a 7.5 in this one.
B004GB11Z2 Best Of All Cordless Puma's I have bought this same pair different colors a few times because my bf loves them, he says they're so comfortable and also they look very good. Can be used for almost every occasion. Easy to put on, good price and comfortable.
B004GB1242 Best shoes ever This is the third pair of Puma Whirlwinds that I've purchased, and for good reason. They are by far the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I purchased one pair about a year and a half ago and they were great, but after living in England for 6 months and walking 5-7 miles a day, the soles wore away pretty thoroughly. I bought another pair of black and as soon as I put them on I remembered why I loved them so much. A few days later I bought these to have a bit more variety in colors, and they've been fantastic so far. Hard to keep clean, but that's what you get when you buy white shoes I suppose.
B004GB1242 So light and comfortable I love these shoes... I bought them on a lightning deal and I wish I had bought another pair in a different color. They have already become my favorite pair of shoes. They are so light and comfortable. I can wear them all day and not have any discomfort.
B004GB1242 Good for feet, not for socks I recently purchased the navy/white/red Puma Whirlwind Classic sneakers.  Great shoes with one major flaw.Pros-They look great. I received multiple complements the first day I wore them.-The low cut is cool. These are lower cut than most low cut which I like.-The are comfortable (if you don't have wide feet)Cons-Not for the wide foot. If you got wide feet don't get these shoes.-They seem to run a little small. I would suggest getting a half size up from what you normally wear.***THIS IS THE MAJOR FLAW*** After three days of wearing the shoes I noticed my sock were turning red. Not just a little red but a lot.  The insole of this shoe has PUMA printed in red on them.  After three days I would say these shoes have not even had normal use yet the ink from the insole is bleeding on to my socks. If you live in a neighborhood where 99% of people request you take off your shoes when entering their house (like I do) this could be a problem. For a name brand like PUMA I would expect more.  I am not sure if all the Whirlwind style shoes have red ink on the insoles so if you get these shoes and they have a different color on the insole write a review to let us know if your socks survive.
B004GB1242 My third pair of Puma classic sneaker I'm very happy with my purchase.  This is a very nice and good quality pair of sneaker and they are very comfortable.  They arrived on time.  Amazon service was good.
B004GB1242 Great shoes I've gotten more "cool shoes" and "where did you get those from?" comments than any other pair of shoes I own.  The blue and maroon colors look great together, and I only paid $40 for them!
B004GB1242 packaging the package was too big so my courier charge me too much for just a pair of sneakers. The sneakers as good as always
B004GB1242 Great shoe, but... The positives: They are extremely light, they fit true to size, look great, and the pair I purchased were quite affordable.The negatives: They require certain conditions to wear, as they are made of suede and if you get them even slightly wet, the color on the stripe bleeds into the nylon, whatever socks you are wearing, and even your skin. To be fair though, a little once-over with a bleach pen removes the ink in the nylon (for the white and blue pair only) and dirt cleans out relatively easily.These were my first pair of nylon shoes so I wasn't quite sure how to take care of them, but learned very quickly after having blue feet for a while.
B004GB1242 This is my second pair and not because the first wore out! Comfy, retro and stylish. Everything I want from a shoe. That's why I bought a second pair for backup.The only thing not to like in my opinion, is having to go up a full size to get a pair to fit my feet. But apart from that I'd recommend.
B004GB1242 My puma addiction Great style. Runs a half size bigger than previous styles. Loving them so far.The mesh-like material is cooler than what I'm used to with suede pumas but still a great fit
B004GB1242 Comfortable and Stylish Great shoe only bad thing is they're hard to clean if you have a pair of light colored ones word
B004GB1242 Super comfortable This is the first pair of pumas ive ever owned, and I must say these are some of the most comfortable shoes Ive owned. The only reason I didn't give the product 5 stars (Is due to my own fault) is That I thought the toe and heal of the Shoe was Black, but in actuality they are actually Dark brown, But luckily enough I like brown too :)
B004GB1242 NIce foot This was a replacement pair of shoes for another B&W set of PUMAs.  Like their predecessors, they're perfect - comfortable, stylish and good for every day.
B004GB1242 Super comfy This sneakers are the most comfortable sneakers I ever owned.  For years, I searched for sneakers that didn't hurt my feet after wearing them all day.  Most sneakers have stiff rubber soles that don't flex much causing foot pain after a full day.  I bought a pair of these puppies about 6 months ago and I'm in love.  So much that I'm buying 2 more pairs in different colors.  Foot support is not one size fits all and I do suggest trying before buying at a local store.  Once you fall in love, try Amazon.com.  They do have the best prices.  LOVE, LOVE this shoes!!  New Puma fan.
B004GB1242 Comfort first I am very happy with these sneakers. They came as advertised. Color is great. Price was right on.  2 day shipping made this order well worth it.  I have been buying Puma for years and have always been happy with their quality.
B004GB1242 Love these shoes I wear a 13 and these fit perfect. Like custom slippers. They are quiet and comfy and I love the retro look. My wife does too. Want to get another pair and for $31 I probably will.
B004GB1242 thx u the product fit ,got to me on the date low price fed ex on time once again thx you amazon
B004GB1242 Puma Whirlwind black/steel shoe review Puma shoes are excellent products.  My recent order Puma Whirlwind black/steel is true to fit better than expected, price for product is acceptable but always better to get it cheapter.  Will purchase more styles and colors, this marks my 3rd shoe order on Amazon for Puma shoes. I love this product and site.  Shipping was extremely fast to Guam one week which is very rare, it usually takes 2 weeks or more for anything to get to Guam.I am 110% satisfied.
B004GB1242 I love these shoes! This is my second pair of whirlwinds. My last ones were had the black suede on the white. I wore the heck out of them and they are insanely comfortable. If you get colored suede it will bleed a bit, but I think it creates a good look. They look worn but not dirty. If you manage not to sweat too much in them or not get them wet, they probably won't bleed as much. I'll still wear the other ones, but this way I'll have a new clean pair too. I'll probably keep getting these shoes while rotating the colors around.I'm a little disappointed though that the suede isn't so much grey as a light tan. I'm still happy with them though since they go with pretty much anything.
B004GB1242 Who says they just don't build 'em like they used to??? Back in the day I owned a pair of these that had to be basically RIPPED off of my feet.Imagine my surprise in finding not only does Puma make these again but they actually both feel and look EVEN BETTER!
B004GB1242 worth it Looks good for the price. Better than a lot of other sneakers I have tried in the past.Goes well with a pair of jeans.
B004GB1242 bright red, great shoes got allot of compliments at work, look great, extremely comfortable and light. wanted a pair of red shoes and on feet all day and they lasted
B004GB1242 A great pair of shoes I had a pair of the whirlwinds before i ordered these that i bought at the mall because i enjoyed them so much. the ones i had were blue so i ordered another pair of them here. although i noticed the ones i bought before were alittle darker blue then the ones here and has white cushioning and a clear or whatever you call it sole. but i love these the same. i hope they always keep these shoes because i could wear this same shoe for a long time. get these shoes if your interested they are great.
B004GB1242 Poor traction on wet surfaces I bought a pair of black Puma Whirlwind sneakers, liking how they looked and felt. But then we had a rainy day and I found myself nearly slipping several times, much more so than with any other pair of shoes I have owned. So there seems to be a design/quality issue with the outer sole of the shoe. For this reason, I would strongly advise against purchase. Worst of all, I posted a negative review along these lines on puma.com, only to receive a notice that my review had violated their guidelines.
B004GB1242 Favorite casual sneaker I've had a pair of Whirlwind's for the last year or so (the now-discontinued dark gray-orange combo) and they are probably the most comfortable sneakers I've owned. Very flexible material, doesn't constrict my feet, works fine with my arches, and is very light and breathable. And of course the style is timeless with that 70's era inspiration. I've owned a lot of Adidas, Puma, Nike and Diadora sneakers over the years and these are by far the most comfortable. My only complaint would be the white strip that runs along the bottom of the shoe gets dirty very quickly. I find myself cleaning them by hand every couple of weeks to keep them looking new, which in turns stresses the material and eventually causes tears. But it's a small price to pay. I like the Whirlwinds so much I just bought a second pair (dark denim blue) to replace my originals that are on their way out.BTW like most guys my size (6', 160lb) I wear a size 11, and that's exactly what I order these in and they fit perfectly.
B004GB1242 RUN SMALL! First thing is that they are a tad small for the listed size. Now my sizing is as follows: I am 9.5 in most everything (Adidas, DC, new balance, bowling shoes) and 9 in chucks. So, pumas being a narrow shoe I went with 9.5s. Wearing socks, my toes rest against the front, not entirely uncomfortable but not ideal either. If it was any worse I'd have ordered the 10s and returned my current pair.Okay, these are great. The build is high quality and symmetrical between the two shoes. The laces feel a bit too thin for my preference, and a bit short. I have to tie them slower to avoid redoing the process. The right tongue has a tendency to slip right while tying but once set it doesn't shift anymore. I have not experienced any bleeding yet, but they haven't broken in either, likely no miracle there.Unlike a traditional leather/rubber shoe, the closest comparison in the overall feel is like wearing a snug winter down jacket (I call them puffy coats, not sure of the real name, but they are the ones that have diamond stitching).
B004GB1242 Comfy These are great shoes, so great that they're not my first pair! Very comfortable and the sole has a little bit more spring in it than other sneakers I've owned in the past. On that note because the nobby bits have a lower surface area than a "solid" sole these shoes will wear out quickly if you have a habit of scuffing your feet when walking.
B004GB12U6 Comfortable and stylish! I was really surprised by how comfortable this pair of Pumas is!  Great feel when I walk in them.May consider purchasing another pair in the future!
B004GB13IM My thoughts: It's titled unisex shoes so I was unsure what size to get. I knew I was 4.5 in men and 5.5 in women. I decided to just go with a 5 to be sure. I realize after I purchased it that there was a "heel to toe" measurement chart, but basically it runs in men sizes. Though I got a 1/2 size larger, they were a good fit. The bottoms were really squeaky, I don't know why. Probably because the material was cheap. I figured eventually after some wear they'll stop. I bought the green and white ones and they came with an extra pair of laces, though the extra laces was a green that was much darker then the green on the shoes so I probably won't use them, but it was nice of them. Overall, they seem like good shoes but keep in mind I bought theses knowing they weren't going to be my main (using all the time) shoes. They're nice spare shoes.
B004GB140Y Solid shoe, but... I got this for my first indoor soccer season three years ago, and I have used it ever since.  They have decent touches on the ball, and it is easy to get used to using them.  I love these shoes, and they have served me well and put up with a lot of abuse.  I would recommend this shoe to anyone who's just starting out playing indoor soccer.  However I did find three main problems with them.  First, I think the lace placement on the shoe could be better.  This makes it easy to angle or curve your shot accidentally when you strike the ball.  A good player can easily compensate for this in a game, but when you're just starting out it makes it hard to take a quick shot.  The second problem with they shoes is that they don't have much of an arch.  If you're flat footed like I am you are definitely going to need to add an insert.  They're fine with the insert. but it can make the shoe a little bit tight.  Lastly, my shoes have recently started causing blisters on both my feet right below the pad of my big toes, and on the outside of my pinky toes. Even though I have owned these shoes for three years, I think this is caused by the fundamental design of the shoe and not wear on it.  The problem emerged when I started playing 2+ hours in the shoes.  I love these shoes, and i think that they are great if you are playing one hour to an hour and a half, but time over that has the potential to give you some nasty, painful blisters.I know it sounds mainly like I'm trashing these shoes, but believe me when I say that they are terrific.  I've played on them inside, outside, and in the rain, mud, and snow.  They are more durable then any pair of cleats that I've owned, and they are pretty comfortable.  To parents out there, I'd say get your kid this shoe.  They can't break it unless they try, and if they lose it they're relatively inexpensive.  Also, I think that they look pretty cool
B004GB14HM Indoor Soccer I couldn't beat the price on this for my teenager who's feet are constantly growing.  They were great for the indoor soccer season and afterwards he wore them to school.  Like most canvas sneakers they wore through quickly, but all in all a great shoe.  And it fits true to size.
B004GB14HM PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White, PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,PUMA Unisex Esito Vulcanized Sala Soccer Sneaker,Black/Black/White,
B004GB14HM Definetly not for soccer, they only look great. These are not for play soccer at all. They have plenty of traction but they have almost nothing of cushion for the ball impact in sala soccer. This is not a problem for me because I dont want this sneaker to play soccer. They really look great, I love this pair of shoes, they are really lightweight and comfortable, definetly worth the price.
B004GB14HM The best!!! Just the best shoes that I`ve ever had. Comfy and stylish. Awesome...I have a problem with sneakers and I need a pair of new shoes every week. These shoes I wear almost every day and I love them.
B004GB14HM So light I am delighted This is my first purchase of Puma Shoes. Initially, I bought it for the affordable price, but I was more amazed by how comfortable and light it is. Also, they look terrific. Great shoes!!!
B004GB14HM Great Casual Shoe These shoes are great!  I found them at a retail store, but they were not in my size.  I checked Amazon, and found my size for $5 cheaper and with free super saver shipping!  I now wear these shoes almost daily.  They were comfortable right out of the box.  My one complaint is the white rubber at the toe does get dirty quickly - so just be ready to clean these occasionally.
B004GB18FK pretty much confortable I bought this pair of shoes thinking abouth the ones to use for long time walking from one place to another acording to my job, so fAR have no complaint about them at all; except that at the begining were quiet tight on the sides but after 3 days using them they match perfectly ( just adjust) I also received them faster than expected from this seller ; wont hesitate to get them again from them in the future.
B004GB18FK I love them, but there's a trick to know... First of all - these shoes are awesome. Seriously. I only have 2 bits of advice to those considering purchasing them.1) As the other reviews state, I agree that they come a tad small. I would recommend buying a half size larger.2) Be careful putting them on and taking them off. Put your finger down along the inside of the heel when you slide your foot in. The inside heels wear out FAST.I bought these shoes to wear every day. And I do. I liked them because I could wear them anywhere and never feel unprepared. I can go to the gym, walk to school, go to work, and never feel uncomfortable. However, I don't have a car, so I walk absolutely everywhere. Therefore, these shoes have probably seen more wear than expected. But it was frustrating when after only one month, the fabric on the inside heels began to develop holes. It felt silly to be buying heel backers for a pair of shoes I had only worn 5 weeks. So that's my major complaint. I started being more careful about how I put them on and took them off (the finger trick) and the holes haven't appeared to get any worse (4 months later). It probably won't affect many people to the extent that it impacted me, but it is still a downfall to an otherwise perfect pair of shoes.
B004GB195E Super comfy! Love these shoes!  I bought them to do with Zumba.  I haven't started yet but had to try them on.  They are so lightweight and form fitting.  I Love these shoes!
B004GB19WW Great shoe for Martial Arts I've broken my toes several times over my lifetime so my range of motion is not the best with them.  Because of this, my first day of Krav Maga, I performed a front kick and proceeded to roll my big toe under and it broke.  Now with shoes, I don't have that concern.  Additionally, I'm training in martial arts not to be used in tournaments or competitions, but rather for everyday life (the street).  My assumption is that, other than sleeping, I'm always wearing shoes, so it would only make sense to train with shoes on.  These have held up very well and they provide good feel through the thin articulating sole.  The Velcro is as strong now as it was on the first day (which was an initial concern for me).  I've been very happy with this purchase and several people I train with have inquired about them.  Many of them have injured their feet in training and are now seeking the protection of a shoe.They are pricey and run a bit small.I usually wear a size 10.5 US.  I ordered these in an 11.5 and they fit great.  The leather has also stretched and fitted to my foot more precisely over time.Very happy with them.
B004GB1CN8 Love these sneakers! This is the second pair of these sneakers I purchased (the first pair I got at a Puma store). I loved them so much and they fit so well that I thought I should grab up a second pair before Puma changes the design.Some people would complain that these lack support, but I have had issues in the past with more structured sneakers making my toes go numb after 15 minutes of exercise. These shoes have just enough structure for my feet, great tread on the bottom and a springy foot bed. I would recommend these shoes for walking, gym exercise or daily wear for someone with narrow or normal width foot.
B004GB1CN8 FABULOUS sneakers! I am in LOVE with these shoes!  I'd run through a long line of cheap, crappy tennis shoes on my treadmill and finally decided to treat myself to a pair of "real" shoes.  I was worried about sizing, since some Pumas I'd previously owned ran small, but the sizing was dead-on accurate.These are very light shoes, it almost feels like you're wearing air, with tons of cushioning on the balls of your feet.  After three miles (about where my old, crappy shoes would start to pinch) my feet still felt great.  I've only had them a week, so I don't know how well they'll hold up, but so far these have me wanting to buy a backup pair!
B004GB1CN8 BEST WALKING SHOES EVER I've tried a lot of different sneakers, and these are the best by far.  When I got my first pair the look of the design took a little getting used to, but as I used them to walk, both outside and on the treadmill, I fell in love with them.  They are sooooooooo light weight and really conform to your feet.  This style is true to size for me and that's great because I hate it when I have guess my size in any shoe.  I'm not a runner or a serious cardio person, but my first pair held up really well.  I didn't have foot burn or shin issues with theses, ever though their listed as "fashion."  For me, they're functional fashion, as I get compliments when I wear them.  I'm thinking of ordering another pair as a spare and in case these are discontinued or "new and improved" later.
B004GB1E7C So nice sneakers For its price, one of the best pairs of sneakers I bought.The fit was perfect and unique look. Buy it!
B004GEATZ2 Great shoes, superprice!!! Great looking shoes at bargain price, I bought them for my little kidI loved the shoes fast shipment, very cool looking
B004GEATZ2 Nice shoes, but too small for my little one. This is really nice sneaker for my little king. He loved it, but I underestimated his size since he and his mother are currently out of the country in Indonesia. I could not sent it back because I had already shipped it via post overseas. I will try purchasing a second pair in the future. Thanks.
B004GEATZ2 So freakin' cute! I've been a supporter of Puma footwear for many years.  When we had our first child, I knew that I would eventually put her in some Pumas.  That day finally came and this was the first pair we purchased.  We initially bought size 8.  Unfortunately, they were a little too small and would not have left much room for growing into them.  For those kids right on the border, I would recommend going up a size.  Which is what we did.  We bought size 9 and the fit is perfect!  Thanks Amazon for your amazing return policy and thanks to Puma for yet another quality pair of shoes!
B004GEAUYC Cheap looking Not well made, sizing is off as well. Not even my 5 year old liked them. I liked the velcro, but def not worth the price.
B004GEAXO4 Great shoes These shoes really are great. They are very easy to slip on and off of because the Velcro top opens up all the way to the side of the shoe. The bottoms of the shoes are not very firm which is also what I liked so it made it easier for my little one to walk in with out tripping over her feet. We got about 2 or 3 months of use out of them with the sides and bottoms starting to wear out plus they were getting to small. I do wish they could be a little less in cost seeing how they only are used for such a short period of time but I think the pros out weigh the cost in making them worth the money. Plus they also look very cute.
B004GEAXY4 My son loves them Great shoe, already have a pair but my son has outgrown them and only wants these ones so I have to order them since I can't find them in the stores around here.  Super easy for him to put on and take off.
B004GNQIOE These shoes last to long These shoes are one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.I'm likely to get another pair just because of that.but, the pair I have now have lasted me 2 years so far, and will likely make it to the end of the year before I need new ones.Thanks Puma, I can't get any new shoes until these ones die.
B004GNQIOE Great! Great shoes .  I used them every weekend and i m so happy .  I recommend these PUMA ! Looks great and amazing !
B004GNQIOE Comfort and looks These shoes are very nice, comfortable, very nice-looking and quite resilient. I live in a very hard metropolis so I feared they wouldn't stand the harshness of the streets, but they're doing just fine and their quality is evidenced time and again. Great choice! Definitely in for another pair of PUMA soon! D.R.
B004I6C730 Sexy Beast These shoes run small! Get a size bigger. Other than that these shoes have turned me into the biggest wanna be golf poser on the planet. I lost 8 balls on the first nine but I looked like a MONSTER golfer! And my tootsies felt amazing the whole time. You get what you pay for, so don't be cheap and buy a good golf shoe like this...
B004IEOCNA Best Shoes EVER! These shoes are amazing.  The first time out I could wear them for a whole game, very little break-in time.  They are very comfortable and well made.  I love Puma Kings and have been a fan for many years.  They run a little small, but I think Puma does in general.  I would recomend these shoes to anyone that is looking for a quality shoe that will last for years.
B004IETKWS The picture is one thing and delivering is another. Buy this product but in the photo as you look pimples on the ground and when I got the shoes were the type of shoe without pimples to play indoor soccer. And no football on grass. So it's not what they sell. Bad seller.Change the pictures, do not buy are mitiendo. It says nothing anywhere that those are not pimples.
B004IETLOA Using bad reviews to buy a great product. I'm no different then anyone else when buying a product from Amazon. I search for the specific brand or style I want and above all, I look at the product reviews. Often times, if you're paying attention, you can find a hidden gem; like these Puma cleats. If you read most of the reviews for these shoes you can't help but notice that most of the negativity has nothing to do with the shoes actual durability and comfortness?, no comfortability?, whatever, you know what I'm trying to say. What the reviews mention most is sizing issues. Now, I know how much it sucks to buy something online only to discover upon delivery that it doesn't fit. Trying to exchange or return it is usually not worth the hassle. But the misfortune of others doesn't have to be your own. Having read the reviews, and adjusted the size I ordered these shoes in, helped get me an awsome pair of cleats. They look great, took no breaking in, and the rugged soles grip the artificial turf like glue, but most importantly, I can wear thick soccer socks without my toes being cramped at all. I guess what I'm trying to say is be smart about your sizing, adjust accordingly, and buy this great cleat.(BTW, I forgot to mention. I usually wear size 9 1/2 to 10, so I bought these Puma cleats in a size 11. Hope this helps.)
B004IZLG74 So comfortable!! I bought a pair of these a year ago & was so excited to find them again!  You kind of feel like you're wearing boxers & they are a bit see-through, but that's the joy!  I may just have to order a couple more:-)
B004IZLG74 Best Shorts! These shorts are super thin and light, making them extremely comfortable.  They are by far my favorite athletic shorts I have ever owned!  They are definitely durable and have a drawstring in the front.  The HUGE downside (and why they are not 5 stars) is that they are missing the much needed pockets :(  Perhaps Puma will create a similar pair soon with pockets and they will be my new favorite.
B004J4X4OM Worn for two soccer seasons I bought the red/white pair for my son last spring before soccer season.  He wore them during the 2012 spring season and just finished the fall soccer season with the same pair of shoes.  He says they are comfortable, and they are still holding up well.  Barring a huge growth spurt on his part he will hopefully wear them again in the 2013 spring season. Very happy with this purchase and if he does outgrow them I will come back for another pair in his size.
B004J4X4TW the right shoe I was extremely disappointed with this product, wrong size but the right box. Double checked my invoice and my information was correct but they goofed up, when I tried to swap for the correct pair they were sold out. I really felt cheated and don&#8217;t think that I will order from this company again.The shoes looked great and wish that I could have kept them; I ended up selling them to a friend at a loss.
B004J4X4TW great indoors Only $3~ best indoor I have seen, have had for over 2 years and has NEVER been slippery. my friends that have adidas and Nike start to slide after a few months. No rips yet, some very durable shoes. I have worn them everywhere (through mud, dirt, sand) and they just clean right up and keep their stick highly recommend
B004J4X5WS new to working out LOVE these shoes bought them to wear for fun and then stared to wear to workout in. Thought they might be to light and fall a part fast but 2 mnths in and still intact and look like new. Mind you I only wear in the gym 5 days a week not outside on cement.
B004J4X5WS The right minimal shoes for myself I would consider myself an intermediate experienced runner. I have ran a couple marathons and one 50k in my year and a half of running as a hobby. I average about 30-35 miles a week currently. I have size 13 feet with large toes, and need a shoe with a wide toe-box. About 9 months ago I started purchasing and testing various "minimal" shoes as I started to move from a heel/mid-foot-strike style of running to a forefoot-strike style of running. The second pair I purchased were a pair of Faas 250's, and I really liked them. I put about 250 miles on my first pair before moving to a pair of Nike Lunarracer shoes that ended up not having a long enough toe-box. I also tried the NB Minimus road, Nike Free 3.0, Nike Free-run+ but I eventually settled on the Faas 250 because I could run the longest in them with the least discomfort. They have an 8mm forefoot-to-heel rise with a very small amount of arch support which is nice when you get into long distances and your feet start to become fatigued and your stride gets sloppy, but it's not enough that it gets in the way of landing fore-foot first. They shoe is very light weight, and I have had no problems with tearing of the light-weight upper material. The only thing I don't like about the shoe is the shoe laces that come with the shoe are heavy and come untied easy, I always change them out with a better set of laces when I get a new pair. The sole does wear out quickly, and I get about 250-300 miles out of mine before I start to notice a bit of joint discomfort, which is when I purchase a new pair.I love these shoes, and until they completely discontinue them I will continue to run in them as they are cheap, very lightweight, and work perfectly for my foot and running style. Everyone is different, these shoes may not work for some but they work great for me.
B004J4X5WS Puma This is my second pair and was a little disappointed. The pair I received runs a little big. Dont know why since the first pair was perfect. Oh well next time I know better than to order shoes on line without trying on.
B004J4X5WS This is my third pair of these shoes As long as Amazon keeps carrying them, I will keep buying them. Used primarily for the gym, they are very light, have a flat sole and surprising amount of cushion that my heels do not get sore even when I do attempt to go running.
B004J4X6LI Love them!!! I just love these sneakers! super comfortable, light weigh perfect to run! i bought them 4 year ago and I'm still using them! just bought another pair 'cause i really like this model.
B004J4X6LI very light weight shoe I ordered these shoes for running and cross training at the gym, and also a little biking to and from.  I had been wearing the reebok runtones & just wanted to try something a little more light weight.  These shoes worked out perfectly for me, they are mesh & see thru and almost weightless.  I can wear them all day after a workout and my feet feel great.  Extremely comfortable.  I love the price, as I'm used to spending 2X the price for workout shoes.
B004J4X6LI Love, my "ole' faithful" I purchased these shoes 3 years ago and they are STILL going strong. I run half marathons and roughly 25-30 miles a week. These shoes have not only improved my posture, gate and speed but they have strengthened my calves. Having said that, if you are not an experienced runner or if you do not to strength training in your legs at all. Don't run in these puppies. They do not have any cushion, which is the idea. I am 60&#34; weigh 118 pounds and leg press 300+ pounds. And these shoes are my favorites. As long as you take care of your joints and eat your amino acids, protein and fats you'll be good to go in minimalist shoes.Sadly, while you can purchase these shoes on amazon, puma no longer carries them they have updated the version to the FAAS 100 which are awful. I just bought them in hopes that they would be equal to their ancestors, and my sock was soaked in blood after a mile because the back of the shoe wore a nice gash into my ankle.
B004J4XI3Y Great Shoes! Theses are great shoes! This is the second pair I've owned and they are super comfortable. They also arrived quickly, which I always appreciate!
B004J4XMJ4 Love' Love' LOVE Em! These are the cutest flats ever, I love the color and they are surprisely very comfortable. Something that's kinda hard to find with these kind of shoes, I would never think you could get a pair of Puma's for such a great price, believe me when I say Amazon will become my one stop shop.
B004J4XMM6 LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these shoes!! These shoes are amazing, they are so cute and SUPER comfortable. I wear these shoes every day, they are so easy to slip on, and I love wearing them. They seem to fit true to size (I typically wear an 8, and the 8 fits me well, but only because I do not wear a sock with these). If I were to wear socks with these I would want to go up a half size. When I first got these, I was not sure how I was going to like them because they seemed to rub the back of my heal (I actually had blisters for the first 2 or 3 times I wore them), but then they stretched out a bit and formed perfectly to my feet. I wear them now literally every day without socks and they feel amazing and no longer rub on my heel or anywhere on my foot at all. The inside fabric is actually a bit satin like feeling, so they are really soft. I LOVE them and am going to be buying another pair very soon!
B004J4XMM6 Loving these Sneakerina Sneakers I absolutely love these sneakers.  I wear them everywhere.  They are so comfortable that you don't feel like you have shoes on.  I am going to order another pair.  I think they are perfect.
B004J4XMM6 2nd pair won't be the last !! I wore my first pair to death, washed a good few times in with the laundry.... just my all time fave sneaker.Perfect if you have a &#34;slim&#34; foot.And I will most deff. be getting a 3rd pair.
B004J4XMM6 Love love love these shoes Believe it or not, I go hiking in these shoes.  They are very comfortable while sturdy and durable.  Great traction as well.  And.... pretty and feminine at the same time.  I have a second paid in pink and white.
B004J4XMM6 Great shoe, great fit! At first, I was about to throw out the shoes or sell it one of my friends as they severely hurt my feet and gave me quite a few blisters.  After a week or so of wearing it and stretching it out to mold my foot size, I couldn't be happier! i want this show in all different colours! I do a lot of walking and this is great for that.  They are light-weight, durable, funky, and definitely wearable with all different types of clothing.  I seriously want another pair in say a pink/purple color and I'd be happy to ditch my other shoes.
B004J4XMM6 Easy comfort I have purchased PUMA sneakers before and love how comfortable they are. This pair is no different. I purchased this pair for an upcoming trip to Asia. The elastic across adds flexibility as needed for swelling feet in the heat and humidity. The mesh areas add to comfort and venting. I do wear a light nylon footie sock to absorb moisture. I typically wear size 7.5 in a flat shoe and found the 7.5 perfect. I wore them a full day right away and found them to be comfortable all day.
B004J4XMM6 Cute Sneakers I ordered these because I liked the way they look in the picture here.  They arrived and look really good.  I had to exchange them for another pair, though, because the padded liner inside was falling off in one shoe.  The replacement pair had the same problem in one shoe, so I guess it is just an issue with some of them.  Unfortunately, the second pair is in worse shape-they have some discoloration along the inner edges.  Not sure if these were returns or what, but they are going back.  I'm keeping the original pair and fixed the lining.  They are fine now.The shoes are comfortable and cute.  They are a little snug, and I'm going to try a half size larger to see if they are more comfortable.They're good shoes, just had some issues I had to sort out first.
B004J4XMM6 Stylin' sneaks I have this in the Shocking Pink, in a size 9. These actually run a bit long on my medium width foot, nothing an insole won't cure and it would add some extra cushioning as well. That's my only complaint with it, love the sleek Puma styling, tho the band's not that shocking a pink and goes well with it's almost greyed white color.For the price I got it for, was on sale of course, thanks Amazon!, it's sleek sporty styling makes this a winner so far. Have not worn it around yet so will update later for comfort issues if any.
B004J4XNNO don't buy online You can get the same pair @ COSTCO for $29.99!!!Just got a pair couple days ago in Chicago..great value.
B004J4XNNO Most comfortable shoes I own THis is my second pair and I live in them. Super comfy and I can wear them with just about anything and still look stylish
B004J4XNNO comfy The shoes are very comfy for work, travel, fit true size, i will buy them again anytime. I used the shoes in the spring, summer and fall, except in the rainy days.I own 3 pairs: grey, black on black and white on black
B004J4XNNO Review of women's Puma shoe Most comfortable pair I own and wear. Offers good support. Plus they go with most everything. Style is excellent. Great value for the money.
B004J4XNNO love these!! I love these shoes!! This is my 4th pair/ I can wear these all day long and my feet are not tired!! Great cushion and pretty good support. Many of my friends have bought them too after seeing my colors!!Would recommend them to all..............enjoy
B004J4XNNO Puma casual shoes I bought a pair at Macys. Loved them and wanted a second pair in patent.The shoes were as described and on time. They fit exactly as the pair I bought at the store.They were on sale so I am very happy.
B004J4XNNO Very nice Very nice and confortable shoes, my wife was very happy with her new black shoes in her birthday. Puma is a great kind.
B004J4XNNO love love love These are the best work shoes ever! I'm on my 3rd pair. They are comfortable and work appropriate. Order a half size up as puma terms to run a little small
B004J4XNNO These are awesome shoes! I bought my first pair for a trip to Europe. They were perfect for walking around all day on the cobble stone streets. They were very stylish and did not look at all like I was wearing tennis shoes.  When I got home, I immediately ordered a second pair in black. I work for an accounting firm where the dress is business casual. On casual fridays, I wear these with a skirt or dress and they look just like I am wearing ballet flats. Some of the reviews say that the heel rubbed. I have not encountered this. If I could wear these every day....I would!
B004J4XNNO Amazing flats! The most comfortable pair I've ever owned Amazing flats! The most comfortable pair I've ever owned. The last a long time too. Great quality. Mine have seen a lot of wear & don't look any different than when I bought them. I wear without socks & have thrown them in the washer before when the weather gets really warm. They come out clean & new. I lay them out to dry. They are very breathable. Will buy again.
B004J4XNNO Great comfy shoes! I bought these shoes off of Amazon after seeing them in a store (and finding them cheaper on Amazon). I bought the silver birch color thinking they're pretty neutral.  For PUMA shoes I've found that I have to size up have a size so I ordered a 9 instead of my usual 8.5.I bought these shoes with the intent of taking them on an 18 day trip to Europe for an alternative to bulky (and unfashionable) tennis shoes. I am SO glad I did!  I wore these shoes the majority of the trip (and still felt liked I could pull them off as flats with a blazer for a nice outfit, etc).  I never had issues with rubbing or blisters and after 10+ hours of being on my feet all day, my feet were tired, but the shoes were still comfortable.I am planning on buying a second pair for my daily walking commute!
B004J4XNNO Yay! I've only worn these shoes a few times, but I love them.  They fit well, despite having two different sized feet. There is ample cushion, which can be difficult to find in flats. Although I chose the light grey, I was hesitent about getting them dirty.  Thus far, I've managed to step and drive carefully.  As long as they don't stretch too much, I may have to purchase another pair.
B004J4XNNO Gift she loved Bought this as a gift for a friend.  she loved them (bought a pair).  I would highly recommend purchasing.thanks
B004J4XNNO Puma Zandy Ballet slipper I have received so many compliments on this shoe. These are my favorite pair of pumas! I don't normally wear flats because they make my back and feet hurt but these are comfortable. I love them!
B004J4XNNO My 3rd pair; absolutely comfy. Size fits well. Have bought different clrs of the same model. The only complaint is the insole cushion wears out easily.
B004J4XNNO LOVE, LOVE THESE SHOES! These are very cute and suipremely comfortable.  They are my second pair of black Zandies, this time with patent trim.I did have to exchange them for a pair one-half size larger than my other Pumas.  Amazon makes tthis chore effortless, so I have no complaints.Many thanks, Amazon!
B004J4XNNO Great shoes I love these shoes and I get compliments on them all the time. They are super comfortable and look cool. I put them through the washer and they didn't fall apart. I plan to buy another pair.
B004J4XNNO Second pair of Zandys I love these shoes.  I purchased a pair of Zandys about 3 years ago (black with pink &#34;Puma&#34;) and wear them at the gym and for running errands.  Dozens of women have complemented me on them and several have later told me that they bought a pair after seeing mine.  The old ones still fit well and are attractive.  The new all black pair are for a trip to Asia where I wanted walking, touring shoes without the sneaker look.
B004J4XNNO PUMA Women's Zandy Ballet Flat,Black/Steel Gray,5.5 B US very comfortable shoes to fit, beautiful, but did not come in a box appropriate to its size and the shipping cost me much.used a ridiculously large box.
B004J4XQL8 Awsome shoes especially in dance floor I love this pair of shoe its perfect in shape n size awsome shoes especially in dance floor. Delivery was ontime also... I love it
B004J4XQL8 Great shoes, too yellow! I ordered this shoes, two pairs in different colors, and while I use the other one on a daily basis, the yellow one just shines too much...Very comfortable, really nice looking, it's just too extravagant.
B004J4XQL8 bought it a while ago... still perfect!!! I bought this ones a while ago but still one of my favorites.The foot support, fabric, fit and style still updated and in perfect shape.Very easy to get dirt, but also very easy to clean them... So far, one of the 2 best puma's I ever bought.
B004J4XQL8 Great Price and Nice Shoes!! Fast shipping, comfortable and very nice pair off puma shoes, im thinking of buying one pair for my self, the color matchs is great and look fine.
B004J4XQW2 Great Stylish shoes! Received these shows on a timely manner. When I received them I immediately tried them on. Great pair of sneakers!
B004J4XQW2 Great Pair of shoes. I Bought this shoes for my boyfriend, hes blown away by them. They look very nice and he loves using them everyday. He said that these pair of shoes are really comfortable and maybe the best shoes he has ever owned, and its only a week since i gave them to him!. He gets a lot of compliments for them. Im very happy he liked these shoes so much.
B004J4XQW2 Puma Sneakers These shoes arrived in a very timely manner to the Northern Territory Australia in brnad new condition as indicated in the product description.Will recommend to other shoppers.Thanks Amazon!
B004J4XQW2 My best pair of shoes ever Loved it!!Looks awesome and comfy but it took some time for shoes to loosen up to adjust my leg widthnot a good choice for ppl large width (broad) legs or whos commute involves slippery surfaces
B004J4XRJ4 I want another pair! These shoes must be kept in stock (black/black) . I bought a pair a few months ago, but I wear them every day and now they are beat to death. I need a new pair and my size, 8D, is not in stock! It would be great to receive an alert when they are. These shoes are very comfortable and match almost any pants. I wish they had black/black with gum soles; that would be even more awesome.
B004J4XRJ4 Just got my third pair. I bought my first pair of Puma Suede three years ago. I dont think ill ever buy another pair of shoes again. They will last longer then a year and i wear them every day for school. They are vintage and look great and are great quality. None of them have fallin apart torn and the soles still have plenty of life after a year. The problem is my feet keep growing so i dont know how long they really last.anyways its a great pair of shoes
B004J4XSVG Nice!!!! They arrive on time!!!!! Nice and confortable for a good price I have 2 pairs!!!! I bough hue first ones on black and red and I liked them q lot so I bought the gray and green too!!!
B004J4XTC4 Shoes is great for running, hiking, biking & going out. I love Puma! Puma is one great shoe company, always thinking outside the box with its new and very innovative designs. This particular shoe has proved to be another added to my collection that has been great for doing everything from day to evening activities. I could start my day jogging then go to the beach or on a hike through dirt paths then on home and with a quick rinse I'm fashionably ready hanging out at the local coffee shop with my friends. A+
B004J4XTC4 Confort I bought them because of the price, they looked great and now I'm very happy to use them... They're really really comfy!!!
B004JF5R1Y Little Pumas that could I got these for my niece in her starting weeks of walking. She loves them so much she refuses to take them off. She went from unsteady walking to running in a pretty incredible amount of time. They are nice and slim so they fit well unlike most shoes for toddlers that are too wide. And the grip from the bottom gives her good traction. These are the second pair I've got (also a boy's pair for my nephew) and they both are doing great.
B004JF5R1Y Very Happy!!! My gift arrived on time for Christmas and it fits perfectly on my 2 years old daughter.Good quality and great design, just love it, gotta find a pair for mommy!!
B004JF5RPA Nice soccer cleats I ordered these last minute for my son.  They arrived on time and the day before his first game.  It's a very high quality soccer cleat.  I've been buying cleats for my older boys for years and this one is much nicer, for it's price range, than some of the other brands out there.  Highly recommended.  Ran true to size.
B004JF5WMI Great Soccer Cleats My daughter plays soccer and she really needed a pair of cleats so she got onto Amazon and after just a few minutes she came to me and said that she found the pair she wanted. "How much are they," I asked her. " They're on sale for 16 bucks," she answered. I had her show me and I said those were really nice and asked her if she was sure those were the ones she wanted and she said yes so I ordered them. She couldn't wait till they came and when they did she took them right out of the box and put them straight on she loves them. She cleans them after every game because. She said she likes them so much she wants to keep them nice and new. They are great quality. So I would recommend these cleats.
B004K00GLE Great for the price Bought these for ultimate frisbee. Like others have said the fight snugly but that is to be expected. Played my first game and was really pleased with the performance of these boots for the price.
B004K00GLE Simply Fantastic! This particular pair of soccer shoes from PUMA is simply fantastic! It is not only light, but also comfortable. I'm already thinking about getting another pair in a different color.
B004K00GTG score my daughter wears womens size 7. this is her second pair of puma powercats. the first one we bought in Germany and it lasted her 1.5 years. she had not really out grown it but it finally started coming apart.
B004K00GTG Cool looking...but My daughter really wanted a pair of cleats in a &#34;cooler&#34; color than the nice black kangaroo leather ones that I had been buying for her.  Well, these are a lovely bright blue, but after the first time she wore them the blue started to rub off.  Now after 4 games there is no blue left  in the toe area or the outside of the foot.  Basically any place that you would come into contact with the ball or the ground.  You also have to go up a whole size bigger than you would usually buy.  She wears a 7 1/2 shoe, but usually a 7 cleat.  In these I had to get an 8.
B004K00GTG Has been a great shoe My girls loved this style cleat and when i saw the price, I ordered a pair for both of my soccer stars.  A couple reviews said the stitching was coming out or paint was fading from the shoes, but we have not had those problems.  My girls play in tough outside Michigan conditions, rain, snow, and heat and these have been a great cleat for them!
B004K02OC8 Great Service, great cleat! After contacting the company, Nau Products, about my Puma Powercats, they responded within two hours. My product was ordered and shipped in two hours on a Thursday and I received it on Monday. The condition of the cleats were as explained and expected.Any soccer player looking to purchase a durable pair of cleats, these are a pair that will last! I am a collegiate player and have worn these cleats each fall, spring, and summer seasons. They will rip like any other pair of cleats after being worn in the rain, mud, and snow. One of the best things about these cleats is the reinforced inner toe. Very comfortable and durable.This is my third pair of these cleats in four years, but like I said, they have been worn for three plus season every year.
B004KP726G puma i give this 5 stars cuz there the best shoes i have ever put on my feet i love them
B004KP73OC Very Satisfied These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! I don't even need my shoe inserts with them. My arthritis rarely bothers me when I'm wearing these shoes. I'm already considering purchasing another pair!!
B004KP73OC Bought in 2011 & STILL have them! I have had these shoes for three whole years now. They have been through countless hours of walking, ellipticalling, aerobic exercise and much more. Their cushioning is still in tact after all of these years. With a quick wash using dishwashing liquid, they look brand new. These are very well made and were definitely worth every penny. I have tried several pairs of running shoes after and have not found a replacement that is as comfortable or holds up as well. I just hope I can find them online after they finally wear out. I hope Puma keeps making these. If you're considering whether or not to buy these against another pair...get these, they're worth it!
B004KP73OC Best out of Nike, New Balance, and Asics!!! I'm in college and I ran track for 8 seasons and cross country for two, having gone through nike (cross trainers, air max), new balance, and asics (which are assumed to be the best), these sneakers are by far the best and they make you feel like you're walking on clouds.I have flat feet, and these sneakers really help. My feet used to hurt all the time after running and now they don't really anymore.They're not bulky (super light), and they're great for sprinting and long distance. These sneakers are very high quality (I've run in rain, mud, grass, gravel and they still look like they're practically new). I would recommend these sneakers to anyone and everyone. I don't think I'm ever going to go to a different pair sneakers again. (I've had these sneakers for 5 months now).
B004KP73OC Why wouldn't you buy Puma? I've bought Nike, I've bought New Balance... New Balance always feel tight and make my feet sweat... in 100+ degree weather summers, if your feet aren't getting air, you're going to have a problem. Nike always rubs and gives me blisters, and generally don't provide nearly as much cushion and support as Puma. Also, Nike always felt like they were 'pressing' down and out when I ran, instead of up and down, straight.Puma are far more comfortable, airy, light with the right movement (no out! Why would you go out?!), and are the only shoe I ever buy anymore for use... Why waste my hard earned money on a shoe less than serviceable when I can buy cute, functional, GREAT shoes that fit right (true to size, and the measuring/sizing chart they provide is accurate if you're uncertain), last forever (I still have my first pair I bought 9 years ago... they still fit, feel great. Look a little used, but still fantastic!). In 9 years... I've only had to buy 3 pairs (and still keep and use my old ones!). That alone should tell you what kind of quality you get when you buy Puma.They ARE expensive in stores, but on Amazon you get some pretty good deals, I suggest shopping for them here. Know your size, but buy here.
B004KPA8IK MAN, I LOVE PUMA! This is my 3rd recent pair of Puma shoes, and a 4th pair is on the way. I used to wear Puma many years ago (late 70s),and loved 'em then too.I have two pair of Faas 550, and I love them.  I bought this pair of Faas 500 on a hunch that I would like them too, and I was right.  They are super light weight.  Cushioning is like running on air!  Midsole is soft.  Puma has it right.  Other shoes tend to have too hard of a midsole.  Like my other Pumas, these have little to no arch support, and that doesn't bother me.  I am a neutral fit, normal arch.  There is no heel support in the back of the shoe, and that feels great.  Right out of the box I could fold the heel down into the shoe.  Very little (minimal) support on the sides.  I am not an expert on categorizing shoes, but these have to be somewhere in the minimalist category... and that's what I wanted.  I ran 5 miles on the treadmill as soon as I opened them.  These, and my Faas 550s are so good, that I had the confidence to order a pair of Bolt Faas 400s. (they are on the way)I usually wear size 8 1/2 shoes, and I wear size 9s to run.  Based on that, I would say that these run true to size.  I haven't tried any Puma in 8 1/2, because I ordered online and got 9s on the first try.  As runners know, your feet swell when you run, so you should run in shoes that are slightly big on you when your feet are cold.  It's possible that I could run in a 9 1/2 in some shoes (such as Asics), but Puma 9s are perfect for me when running.I bought this pair on clearance.  The color wasn't my first choice at all, but it turned out that I love the color too.  I can't imagine how much I would love these shoes if I bought my first choice colors!  It would be off the charts!UPDATE - I wore them outside on day 2, for a 10 mile street run in cold, wet weather, the shoes got dirty, and spots from gross road dirt (who knows what was in the dirt - oil??)  I cleaned my shoes by hand, then sprayed and presoaked, and finally put in the washing machine. The spots and streaks on the inside of the mesh above the toes still did not come out completely.  Moral of the story, don't wear these (or any other light colored shoes) in wet dirty (street dirt) conditions. I still love the shoes.
B004LC3UIW Great looking but equally uncomfortable When I saw these golf shoes I knew I had to have them. I'm not a fan of the old school saddle shoes and these will not get confused with those. They kind of resemble skate shoes with golf cleats on them. When I received them I was as happy as I was the first time I saw them. However, when I wore them my smile turned to a frown. I played a short 9 hole course to break them in a bit and I played about 7 holes too many. By the 2nd hole my ankles started to hurt. The pain became worse over the next couple of holes and then leveled off. I'm guessing my body decided to help me block it out. When I was done I took my shoes off and both socks had Curt Schilling blood stains on them. Both ankles had developed giant blisters that eventually popped and all I was left with was two raw ankles that took forever to heal because they kept drying and cracking every time I walked for the next few days. I even attempted to buy cushions meant for high heels to put a buffer between me and the shoe. I used a cart this time, thank God, and my ankles were still sore by hole 7. Thanks to the cart it wasn't nearly as bad as the first time but I have not worn these shoes since. A great looking shoe that I've used twice due to comfort issues. Not a good buy in my opinion.
B004LC3UIW Puma shoes rock This is yet another pair of puma shoes in my sons &#34;I Like Ricky Fowler&#34; collection of puma products.  Everything Puma we have bought has been great quality and we get great wear out of it.
B004MF8ITO Not Happy I am very disappointed.  I was so excited to get these golf shoes put them on and when tying them the lace loop broke.  To return them we had to go to a Dick's store they sent them back and except for the manager at Dick's who is trying to get answers we have had NO RESPONSE...paid for these shoes and I still DON'T HAVE MY REPLACEMENT pair!!!!!!!!  Not happy!!!
B004MF8ITO Major construction flaw These golf shoes are super cute, but the shoestring holders don't stay sewn in.  Luckily both pair I purchased broke when I tried them on at home, so I was able to return them.  Two of the shoestring holders broke on the second pair I tried. They are not sewn in well and just a little tugging when you tie your shoe breaks the stitching and makes them unwearable.
B004MF8KW4 GREAT SHOES! This is my first pair of golf shoes so I can't compare them to any other brands. They are VERY comfortable, more so than I expected. It was hard to tell exactly how they would look when they came but it was a nice surprise. They seem to be very high quality. Ive played 7-8 rounds with these and the shoe has held up great so far. The only thing I could complain about is one of the spikes has torn slightly and I suspect it will only make it a round or two before it comes completely off. Then I will probably just have to get a pair of pliers to remove it, but again im not sure if thats normal or not because this is my first pair of golf shoes.They look great and seem to be very high quality.
B004MF8KW4 Orange Pants, Orange Shirt, Orange Shoes Yes...its a bit over the top but it was for an annual golf outing up north.  Love the shoes and bought another pair in a different color.  Puma is doing a good job with their apparel and performance lines.
B004MF8KW4 Fantastic Golf shoes These are fantastic golf shoes feel great out on the course. Highly recommend them to anyone looking for a pair of golf shoes.
B004NR8RZ6 Pretty good shoe These shoes I bought cuz they were on sale. The orange is kind of random paired with the grey. They fit well and feel pretty good, and price was good only 25 with shipping.
B004NTQ52G like people complimenting your shoes? i'm a big fan of cool shoe design. living in L.A. i need to wear lighter casual stuff that looks great with jeans, which is what i'm in all the time. i realized puma had some of the best casual/sport shoe design out there and have been wearing them for years now. i always get compliments, from sketcher-wearing bmx and skateboarders to people in the industry (entertainment).so when i needed a new pair i looked all over the web and found these. superb design. of course, amazon had the best price i could find, so, voila. and, i've had numerous compliments on them from a variety of people...compliments on your shoes are not something 40something guys expect.only issue is that these are made for narrow feet...if you're a normal D size width they will be fine, but nothing wider.but if you get, and even tho you are a guy, be prepared for people to stop you and say they like your shoes.
B004NTQ52G So so shoe but fast shipping This is now the 3rd pair of Puma shoes I've purchased and all 3 of them have the same issue.............The shoe rubs my achilles on my foot untils it hurts. I had to put a Dr Scholl pad in these to wear them. I wont buy another pair od Puma shoes
B004OP42TC Good I bought these in 10 1/2 but the felt tighter than my 10 Nike Flights.  Over all they arrived before the expected date and comes with both a blue and black pair of laces.
B004OY3B86 Not as shown I am sorry but this item was not as depicted in the picture. I am somewhat disappointed but went ahead and kept the item. I will be more careful in the future and will look for other pictures of the item before purchasing another pair online.
B004OY3B86 Pumas not my nicest pair Hey,This is all and all a really nice pair of Ferrari pumas however it's not the best. I own six other pairs of ferrari pumas and although these are not my favorite my fit nice and good good.My only concern is that once you wear the shoes repeditly they look very wrinkled other than that, I love em
B004RLOXA6 2 times send them wrong bad service, was confuss every time, thx any way. was a bad service at all. but thx, bad service at all
B004RQ30QE rad shoe! I love this pair of shoes, the blue is incredible, and the laces are really nice, surprized me! I will be buying many more pairs of these shoes.
B004S08HE4 Good Fit My son really likes these pants.  They are comfortable and fit rather nicely on him.  However, I had also bought another pair (a blue pair).  Same exact size, however, the 2nd pair were like floods on him.  Length was way too short and I had to send them back. That would be the reason I won't rate this 5 stars.
B004S6WDDO super stylish! This pair of tennishoes is also a must have! If you are into looking good you need to get a pair,too! Shipping  and handling is also very fast on this item.
B004S6WF64 Puma shoes I looked for some baby puma shoes every where n my town and then decided to look online and found the pair that I liked so I bought them and was so happy when I received them and they're exactly wat I wanted..thanks love them!!
B004SGQ1F0 Fantastic Shoes I bought these for my 6 year old daughter for her school tennis shoes.  They are even prettier in person and the pink suede is just so cute. She loves the purple touches on the inside and the emblem too. She currently wears a 12 in most shoes and we bought a 12.5 in these. She has some room to grow but they fit her foot just fine and we can lace them tighter to keep them secure. The only complaint I have is a minor one...she has just mastered tying her own shoes and the skinny round laces are more difficult for her to tie. They also slide out of a tie and won't stay tied unless you double knot them. Very minor complaint but worth knowing when I watch her struggle to tie the skinny laces. All in all we love these shoes and would buy them again!
B004SGU4VM Great Pair of Everyday Shoes! I bought this for my 15 month old son and he wears these everyday to daycare.  They are comfy and easy to slip on his little feet.  I am done with sneakers with laces until he can put his shoes on himself!  The design is great and I've gotten many compliments.
B004SKQTGW Love Pumas, but these have two problems This our second pair of toddler Pumas. I like them a lot and my daughter loves them. They're cute & flexible plus I love the little measuring insert. This pair has two problems- first I find them a little hard to get on. That velcro strap at the top is the only adjustment so the opening to put your foot in is not large enough (and my daughter has tiny narrow feet). There is no give at all so you either squish the padded collar in back or push the tongue down and have to wriggle it out. Not a deal breaker, just trickier than our last pair. The toe has also scuffed more that her last pair. But she's a toddler, so I can't expect them to stay pristine. We have gotten tons of compliments on them!
B004SKQTGW Love Pumas for toddlers I have bought Puma brand sneakers for my daughter since she started to walk. I love the quality of the sneakers. The sole is very flexible and comfortable, and the velcro strap makes them a breeze to slip on. They also wipe clean very easily. My daughter wears them to daycare every day and they are in great condition. I would totally recommend these sneakers.
B004SUANZU Classic sneaker. I got the Denim/white pair. Love the color. Great style. Really comfortable. Get a 1/2 size bigger cause the front is a lil narrow. I will definitely be getting these in other colors. If you love the classic look don't look any further. these liga's are a great buy. better than the nike sweet classic's.
B004SUANZU Amazing shoe! I wear nothing but puma's and now have 2 pairs of these in different colors. THESE SHOES ARE AMAZING! I wear 10 1/2 in puma's shoes, I was kinda a little skeptical about people saying that they had to go up a size and what not. Blah blah blah. That's only if you normally don't wear puma's!!! Go to a store first and try some puma's on to get a feel first on what sizes fit best. Then buy online! I had bought first pair of these shoes at a store, 2nd pair on amazon, and didn't have to go up a size or anything. Stuck to my 10 1/2 instincts and fits like a charm! I love the style of these shoes and will buy in future!
B004SUANZU Awesome shoes You gotta rock the pumas. What a great pair of shoes, this is my 5th pair and I am never let down with them.  Same great quality.
B004SUANZU Been put through the worst of conditions... I just purchased my second pair of these, with the first pair bought in 2012. In that time as a full time skydiving instructor I have put around 2,000 skydives as well as other walking duties in these shoes. Comfortable, breathes great but also holds in heat with the right socks. I am getting a new pair as that much abuse combined with sweat will ruin any shoe... I recommend these shoes totally.
B004SUANZU Puma Liga is my Favorite Shoe Liked this shoe from the first time I wore it. Has a thick natural rubber sole that is soft on your bones in the legs. The impact is less because of the thick natural rubber soles. I use it when I play Wallyball(a variant of Volleyball) and I jump a lot. The insides are also comfortable, because I think it is slightly broader. I went for a long walk wearing these shoes the other day and I enjoyed the walk a lot. Would definitely buy another one after a few years when this one wears out.
B004SUANZU Not the most supportive shoe... I ordered 3 pairs of shoes at the same time; these, a different pair of Puma shoes and some Ecco sneakers.  When trying them all on in one sitting it's painfully obvious that these are a lot less "cushy" (for lack of a better word).  They cost less but they also felt a lot less comfortable and supportive.  It's too bad because out of the 3 they were definitely the cutest.  I guess if you're only wearing them for short periods of time it would probably be fine.  The size/fit seemed spot on.
B004SUANZU Sweet. I had a pair of these in red when I was a kid. The quality is much better. They fit well.I get alot of compiments on them Can't wait till St. Patricks Day.
B004SUANZU Classic style Was very happy to get these classic sneakers.  I owned a pair 40 years ago during college days.  They go great with my Red Sox and Blackawks apparel.
B004SUANZU Great pair of shoes ! I never in my life thought this pair of shoes could be so comfortable, just fantastic. Now the whole family wants to own a pair !
B004SUANZU My son's second pair This is my son's second pair, which he uses both for everyday use and for indoor soccer. He wore his first pair until we noticed they were way too small. He had liked them so much he did not say anything.
B004SUANZU Great shoes nice price! I purchased a pair of these for biking and playing soccer.  Once I tried them they were so nice I purchased a second pair.  Both are great and the price was excellent.  A+++++
B004SUANZU Great shoe! My son loves these Puma's.  This is his 4th pair.  He loves the style and the colors offered. This one was a great price too.
B004T3M57K love em, will buy a 2nd pair, but definitely got issues these shoes just look awesome. they are simple, black, and therefore could probably go with a lot of casual-styled clothing.however, there are a couple issues- don't know how much quality there is in the sole, but it doesn't seem to be a lot of foot support since the shoe is so thin. puma shoes are usually really comfortable. in that regard, these are meh.- there is no rear arch support. it's a flimsy piece of fabric looking thing. naturally that means if you need to chase anyone (or flee) for whatever reason, be prepared to do it barefoot as these shoes will definitely fall off.- mine faded... a LOT and FAST. I've owned my pair for about 6 months and they're pretty much done. they were REAL nice when I first got them, gathering a compliment and/or inquiry here and there. as a disclaimer, I do work at a restaurant and almost started wearing these exclusively at work (2-3 times a week) but I really don't know if that would make a difference or not. they practically went from black to faded black, to some weird brown/maroonishy color now. contrasted with the laces which have remained a perfect black, I really notice the difference. the soles are pretty much gone too.conclusion:so basically... for looks, these shoes are 5/5 stars. for everything else, they suck. they are not uncomfortable, but they are certainly not comfortable either. if you have to stand a lot or walk somewhere far, these shoes aren't for you - your feet will get sore. they will also wear out easily. since there is no rear arch support,  you definitely have to order true to size
B004T3M57K Stylish, yet comfortable For this price, these shoes can't be beaten with a nice pair of dark jeans. They are a little 'squeaky' at first but quickly goes away. I say YES!
B004T3M57K Cinderella Called They felt like socks dipped in rubber upon wearing. Only pair of Pumas I've ever returned. Instead of paying shipping, I received store credit from a direct retailer and bought a different pair, happy ending without the shameful eye contact.
B004T3M57K LOVE these shoes I absolutely love these shoes!! Great price, durable, comfortable, and best of all LIGHT. So light it feels like a thick sock on your foot. Absolutely no arch support if that is a problem for you.Durability: Wore one small hole after 8+ months of daily use. Can pop them in the washer with the rest of your clothes and they come out looking clean and new.Best Part: THEY ARE SO LIGHT!! I've had sandals heavier then these things. Also can wear them as slippers just push your foot in and crush the heel, its canvas so it doesn't matter.PICK UP A PAIR TODAY
B004T3M57K Cheap Luxury I'm speechless with how amazing Tekkies are!! I bought the white ones and let me be clear with this... 3/4 Shorts + long sleeve sweater + a good pair of Tekkies = YEEEEAH BUDDY!!!
B004T9A8IC ok but poorl;y made very cheap leather was used to make this shoe, the stitching has come loose a month into ownership.  The adhesive used is worse than Elmers School Glue.  Save your money buy Adidas Racer type.  Puma shoes are Garbage!!!!
B004T9HRAY nice i have to say that the first day i used them they felt quite uncomfortable but after the first day they now fit well and are comfortable. plus they look nice.  one think to notice is that this shoes can get very slippery when wet
B004TAAWIM Andy Boy I was stoked to find another pair of puma sandals, since my 6 year old pair need the graveyard....I forgot how much padding they have when brand new, how comfortable they are, and they ladies know you be stylin! Tragically they do not make these anymore..
B004TAAWIM Nice but not functional I've owned a pair of all rubber puma flip flops for a couple of years. They are awesome! very comfy and duarble. It was time to get a new pair. So I ordered this pair.While it looked great and the color was fantastic, the cloth straps were too lose and it was constantly falling off my feet. After tripping a couple of times, I decided to return it.I had no problem returning it and was issued an imeediate refund.
B004TAB650 3rd times a charm This is the third pair of this exact shoe that I have bought from Puma. My first pair was the gray color and I LOVED them! They went with everything I wore and were very comfortable. They lasted a long while but they did eventually rip. I have a wide foot and these shoes (knowingly) didn't support me as well as other brands. I didn't care and was surprised at how long they lasted. After they ripped I wanted to buy another pair (same color... gray).Annoyingly, Puma did not carry that color at the time. They rotate their colors and I had to wait for gray to come out again. When if finally did I bought that pair. I have to honestly say I was a bit disappointed. The California didn't fit as well as before and it took a while to break the shoe in. I bought them anyway since I loved my first pair. Regardless, the shoes ripped a little over a year later...... Which finally brings me to this pair. I noticed the shoe was a California 2. I saw the color and was debating between the burgundy and blue pair. I went with burgundy and took a shot buying them online. I have never been happier! The California 2 fit MUCH better than my second pair. It reminds me of my first pair that I was so happy with. I also LOVE the burgundy color. I got them more to try something different and it's been awesome. They go perfectly with regular jeans and black jeans. They stand out with khaki pants, but go perfect with khaki shorts.I'm most pleasantly surprised that buying shoes online worked for me. I don't think I would have done it if it were a new shoe altogether. They fit perfectly, had no other issues, and look great!
B004TLAF9W My third pair of these shoes I am a bartender and I've spent 16 hour days in these shows, climbed mountains, and hikes miles and miles in these shoes, they are great if your going to get them wet as they dry quickly and do not blister your feet. Mine finally wore out with a small hole in the toe, but we had some amazing journeys together and I would highly recommend these shoes.
B004TLAF9W Jazzercise! Looking for the perfect aerobic shoe? This is the one! I love these Pumas! I keep buying the same ones in different colors when I need a new pair.  They're perfect for any step aerobic, Jazzercise, Zumba, or other aerobic class.
B004TLBAI2 awful job the shoes were defective. in the right pair the red part is worn out.  Also the frontal left side in the right pair becomes wrinkly when I wear it. I want to return this product.
B004TPGSTY Puma womans tennis shors the size fit perfect. excellent price. even with shipping, they were cheaper than Super Shoes! I love them. they looked exactly as their picture on Amazon
B004V7HVPA Great Puma has done it again.  Love this sweatshirt.  Love it so much, that I have bought it twice.  When my son outgrew the first one, I bought another in a larger size.
B004VQYK4G Great shoes! I got these for my brother for Christmas.  He lives in India and had been looking for this exact pair for quite some time and could not find them anywhere.  I didn't even know this when I picked out these shoes!  He LOVES them and was SO excited that I had gotten them for him.  I got him the black/white/purple pair.  Perfect present and high quality.  They looked even better in person.  You can't see how rich and vibrant the suede back of shoe is.  And he mentioned that they are very comfortable.  You can dress them up or down.  He has eclectic taste shoes and these shoes delivered.  A couture looking shoe!
B004VR2ZWY Most comfortable shoe ever! I bought the blue one's first.  I loved them so much I bought the red/black one's!  Luckily the red/black one's were on sale for $48!  That's $72 off!  Thanks Amazon!
B004VR2ZWY Very good I bouth this shoes for exccersise, but I when on a Cruise, and bingo, I Used it to walk around the City that We visited and it was fine, so I dicided to keep on using it as a leisure shoes.
B004VRIA5A Nice design, good air exchange, anchored tongue, but did not last I bought these shoes for the fact that they were aesthetically pleasing, but thankfully, the canvas material also allows your feet to breathe. The tongue for the shoe is anchored on both sides so you don't get the tongue falling off to one side or the other. The main drawback for this - and it's a big one - is durability. The shoes started to rip pretty fast along the parts of the shoes that received the most creasing. Also, if your feet sweat, as mine do, the creased areas will build up this white stuff (salt? urea?). Once that happened, the shoes looked terrible - especially because of the color. Lasted about 6 months, which is pretty sad for sneakers you wear twice a week, in my opinion.
B004VW5BOI MY NEW FAVORITE SHOES These ones are awesome, i got the black ones and they are gorgeous! love the! they fit perfect, too soft inside. They will be my new favorites for this incoming year. The package was a little weak, the box was not in good conditions.
B004VW5QT8 Good! I bought them just to try out some new stuff. I usually buy running shoes so kind of trying out with sneakers. I liked them as a comfortable pair shoes. Also they have a nice out-of-box look. Only one thing that disappointed me is the leather. Product image shown is kind of tricky which shows it to have a nice pure leather look however in a reality they are much more synthetic looking. Apart from that shoes are stylish, light weight a good semi casual pair. can be used on work! I would say if you are looking for a stylish pair which isn't too flamboyant to wear at work. This is a best bet!
B004VW5QT8 Puma Drift Cat 3 Ferrari NM Fashion Sneaker Black/White Great Pair of shoes! Got them at a great price of $64.00 :D Very happy with my purchase.These Drift cats look and feel great! They hug your feet nicely. Im breaking them in now and they are feeling better and better! The real leather is a nice touch. (personally I also feel that the leather drift cats are alot better than the suede drift cats).
B004W2ZZKM first wash, color fades out. the yellow part has decolored at first wash. soft soap applied and bad materials quality. 5 or 6 times used. not recommended.
B004W355TM Great shoes! Puma Easy Rider III has become my favorite pair of shoes. I wore a different pair of these shoes last year during a trip to Europe -- they were the only shoes I brought for the entire trip, which consisted of me backpacking from Germany to Hungary to Croatia to England. These are pretty much the best shoes ever. Tough as hell and the most comfortable things you can put on your feet. Buy them with confidence.
B004WLDTNI Did not receive My shoes were delivered to the delivery address but they were stolen by a staff member at the Hilton Costa Mesa.He has since been sacked for steeling but I never received my shoes (x2 pair size 12 Black Puma Clyde - Suede).
B004WLEF6S Bboying shoes I was looking for a fresh pair of bboying shoes and I bought these. Took a little time to break them in, but now they are perfect and extremely comfortable
B004WLEF6S Great Sneakers! I've been wearing (and wearing out) Pumas for years.  An although they take a little time to break in, once done, they're like wearing slippers.  Very comfortable and they look great.  The classic designs are the best!  Espcially love when they do re-issues, like the Clyde.  I'm at the point I buy two pair at a time so when one old pair eventually bites the dust (I really do wear them out), I have another ready to go.
B004WLEF6S Good ole Clyde Great as I rembered in '68!  Lay offa my blue suede shoes. Thank ya thanka very much! Highly recommend.  Also bought a second pair for my kid too. Can't go wrong with Puma.
B004WLEF6S Great pair of shoes! I've always loved Puma for a reason, style and durability. Mostly style. Puma's are usually pretty expensive, and when I found these I was super excited. I got the blue and white ones, great with blue jeans. All leather shoe! Comfort and quality.
B004WLEF6S first time I ever got a complament on my sneakers great fit everyone loves them i bought 3 pairs one for me 2 for gifts it comes in great colers
B004WLEF6S Old School Pumas are the Bomb I had bought these shoes for a friend of mine for Christmas and when they arrived I loved the look and had to order me a pair of Clyde Script by Puma.i ordered mine in blue and just love the look and comfort of these shoes.designed in 1968 for the great Walt &#34;Clyde&#34; Frazier.they just don't make shoes like these anymore.i would order a pair of these in every color if I couldS.ParkPhx,Az.
B004WLEF6S Cheap and nice! If you are finding a pair of sneaker that looks great while cheap and comfortable, this is the pair for you~
B004WLEF6S Love them except... They rubbed my heel raw the first time I wore them. Probably just need to break them in. Thank you!
B004WLEF6S Great retro shoes. Great price This is an excellent shoe. Fits great and looks great right out of the box. Recommend for everyday casual wear. Hard to find especially at the great price I found!
B004WLEF6S Great Product! What can I say? It's a pair of Pumas. Love these sneakers. Very comfortable for daily wear. Would highly recommend them.
B004WLEF6S Awesome After one day of wearing these I can tell they will last for a while. For the price, these shoes are really great. They come in a lot of colors so there is a color for everyone. Don't buy these if you have arched feet, these shoes are really flat. As long as your feet aren't extremely arched they are really comfortable.Pros:- Style, I got black, for me you can't wrong with black shoes. These aren't just black shoes though, they have something more to them.- Comfort. These are pretty comfortable. It didn't take long to break them in for me. The insole has nice padding so your feet won't hurt after wearing them for extended periods of time.- They look like they do online as they do in real life.- Puma is a trustworthy company. They aren't going to make some pairs good pairs and other pairs crap. Every single pair meet the standard. As you see there is only one negative review, the only bad pair out of hundreds of pairs.Cons:None. Great shoes. Buy these if you want them, you are going to get what you expect.
B004YKRM1W Classic Puma I was nervous to order off line without knowing if the fit would be the same as my first pair over 20 years ago....with so many athletic and comfort types of foot sneakers especially made for different sport special types , running, Hoops, etc. Pumas always were always a stylish athletic design of footwear...YES just as Clyde Frazier styled back in the day. My 4 pair different colors did not disappoint. Recommended. They fit my foot to my true USA size.
B004Z0G6QS love them! They are super comfy and lightweight. They breath nicely too. Would buy another pair in a heartbeat! If your on your feet a lot I would highly recommend a pair if these babies.
B004ZGD840 Fashion and Function I love these shoes!  The Imani sneaker is not only fashionable but functional.  By that I mean  they not only look good...they feel good!  When I wear these Pumas, I get tons of compliments from everyone...men and women alike.  They are well-made and have more than enough comfort and support to be worn all day.  In fact, I will probably purchase another pair in a different color.  One word of advice...Puma seems to run about a half-size small for me.  I wear an 8, but buy 8.5 in Pumas.
B004ZIP4U4 The real deal I have read and used reviews on Amazon to inform my own purchases. But I never found a product worthy of my sitting down and writing one.These shoes blow me away! The fit is awesome. The comfort is like the feeling you got from your very first pair of running shoes (way back when for some of us). The support is outstanding!Simply put, these are the best gym / running shoes I have ever bought! Period!
B004ZIP4U4 Sooooo comfy! and good lookin I  have owned 2 pairs of Pumas the first pair were the Tazon IV's and I loved them, they were one of the most comfortable running shoes I have ever owned, and most good looking I might add. Then I bought me the speed cats, which are also awesome in looks and feel! So I was pretty confident about this buy. And I once again have another awesome pair of pumas added to my collection! These are probably the most comfortable pumas out of the three I own, and that's saying a lot! When I first put one of them on, my foot went to heaven! It was so soft and nice! It has extreme pading on the insides, my feet feel like they're on pillows... Which is good for me, since I work in retail and am walking almost all day everyday. They feel great to run in, and the material is well done, and good quality, (I've had shoes that fell apart after 2 weeks before). The tongue of the shoe is connected all around, so instead of it moving separately it is just part of the whole opening, which I haven't seen on a shoe before. I wasn't sure what I would think of it, but it works really well, I actually prefer it! It makes slipping them on real simple. I bought the goldish, and black ones, and they look real nice! I normally wear just black or white shoes, but I figured I'd branch out, and I also didn't think the black Voltaic's looked very appealing. However these gold and black mix ones look really sharp! they have a nice pop to them. They look better than in the picture, I was afraid they might be too yellow or even too orange, but the gold is really stunning. I wore them the night after pulling them out of the mailbox, and got complements on how snazzy they looked that night! "Oh man those shoes are really cool..." So anyway awesome shoes, they make me happy. All three pumas I where I had to buy a size bigger than I normally do. I'm not sure if that applies for the women's sizes too, but it does for the mens. I normally where 12's, but in Pumas I where 13's, and they fit perfect, not too big not too small. Well hope my opinion was useful!
B004ZIP5GW Puma Voltaic This is my 3rd set of Puma Voltaic shoes and they are just a nice as the first pair I bought.  Great quality, perfect fit, nice and light.
B004ZIP5GW nice shoes Love the color fit and everything about them except the laces which seems to be with every pair of the voltaic the lace is a little slippery so you have to make sure to double knot or else they will come undone.Still this is like my 7th pair of them so laces a small price to pay when it comes to comfort.
B004ZIP5GW My first Pumas! Bought these as a best deal since the price was great! Have always wanted a pair of Pumas and am extremely satisfied with this shoe. They do fit snug but once you wear them a time or two they become more comfortable. I wore them on a recent trip and they slip on and off easily, which was nice at the airport. Plus, all my friends and a few strangers complimented me on them! Worth paying regular price!
B004ZIP5GW Best athletic shoe for big feet  (15) Seriously, this is the best fitting athletic shoe for my big(ish) feet that I have found to date...and I am no spring chicken....well I have my moments but you know what I mean. I used to buy Nike but the size and fit seemed to desert them about 4 years ago. A thought echoed by my petite footed wife. She now goes for Fila but I have just bought her a pair of these too because they are so &#34;together&#34;. I then started buying New Balance. (Beleive it or not the first pair I bought had one shoe made in USA and the other made in China). Anyway they make a narrow fitting and they are kind of OK but truly the fit rate was 3 in 5 pairs so I started to look further afield and Voila, saw these...bought these and now I have a new brand.So to sum up: Comfortable and well made.
B004ZIP5GW Very comfortable and priced right I owned a pair of these sneakers for a few years, but could not find them again.  Then I saw them on the deal of the day for under $50 and jumped at the chance to get them.  I wore them today for the first time and they're as good as a sneaker can get.  They're stylish, comfortable, and you can not just run, but play most sports with them (I speak from experience with my older pair here).  Mostly I will use them as a &#34;walkaround&#34; shoe - my favorite feature is the tongue is attached to the sneaker.  A nice touch for me.  Anyway, I'm going to get another pair in a different color now.
B004ZIP5GW Very Comfortable I love puma so I am probably a bit biased, but these shoes are probably the most comfortable pair I have ever had.
B004ZIP5GW beautiful to look at AND to wear. My uniform Polo Shirt is Blue and my logo is orange so I was looking for a pair of sneakers to compliment the uniform...and I found it! I bought a pair for each member of my team.  We are constantly on our feet and the cushioning is perfect...
B004ZIP5GW Great Pumas! These are a gift for my husband for his birthday, I thought they were great when they arrived.  He has had many pairs of Pumas over the years, so it's hard to choose a new pair- this pair was a great choice though!
B004ZIP5GW be careful while these  sneakers were my size, i was unable to get them on without extreme effort. the problem, for me , they don't have a tongue, making entry of a somewhat wide foot next to impossible.  also of particular note , i thought they were of lesser quality than i expected.  i returned them with no difficulty.  one reason i prefer to shop Amazon
B004ZIP5GW Love These My husband loves these. He actually wanted another pair. If you are a runner these are for you! They are well cushioned and very comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW Comfort and Style I dont own many Puma shoes despite them being an awesome brand.  I ordered these on a lightning deal knowing they have an excellent reputation.  As soon as I put them on, I almost didnt want to take them off.  Not only do they look great, but they are one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes I own.  Plus, they are very light.  I would recommend to anyone that was even semi interested.  They can be worn for running or even for a casual day out.  Will definitely be returning to these when I need new ones.
B004ZIP5GW awesome sneakers these sneakers are the most comfortable ones i have ever wore and bought a nother pair since i got this 1
B004ZIP5GW PUMA comfort! I am a long time customer of PUMA shoes and like the fit and styles they offer. I suggest trying a pair.
B004ZIP5GW Puma review The shoe itself is fine, no problem there; but I purposely purchsed the shoe shown in this picture blue with yellow  highlights because those are the colors occasionally worn by the Milwaukee Brewer baseball team.  The pair I received has orange where the yellow is indicated.  I have not worn these at all, as baseball season is a month away.  If you have them with yellow as indicated in the picture, thaqt is what I would prefer.
B004ZIP5GW Great sneaker One of the most comfortable sneakers I've owned. This is my second pair.  I don't wear them for running or working out but for normal everyday use they have held up well.
B004ZIP5GW Strange fit. These shoes are cool looking, but they feel like they'd give you heel blisters. Ran with them the first time yesterday, and luckily I brought an extra pair because I wanted to change them half way thru. They work fine for walking.
B004ZIP5GW Good running shoe alternative I've used New Balance for 15 years, I guess, but these were on sale.  Not as much enclosing the foot at the top (lower cut), and you could be fooled into thinking there is less support.  I think it's just getting used to something new.  They run well; I will have to wait to evaluate long-term performance.  Good value.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome shoes for the price Great lightweight shoes (not as light as I thought but still light), with great color schemes (I bought 3 dif ones) and I love the no tongue style. The size was true, I am 12 on the other Nike and Adidas I have and yup, these 12s were exactly on spot, great fit. I think they were a total bargain (got them with the chest price of $45each). Truly recommended! They are really comfortable to walk in!
B004ZIP5GW Nice Deal Very nice pair of sneakers for the price. Looking for a second pair now for the Spring and Summer months
B004ZIP5GW great shoe, great price Love these shoes,  this is my sons 3rd pair and wont be the last. They are very durable and love that I can throw them in the wash when they get dirty!
B004ZIP5GW Great Deal I haven't purchase a pair of running shows in years and was happen at how comfortable the shoe is for the price. I also workout at gym and go bike riding as well I found these shoes to be very comfortable well worth the money
B004ZIP5GW i have 4 pair of these shoes... love em i totally recommend these shoes to anyone, and hope that amazon puts some more colors on sale so i can gear up
B004ZIP5GW damn good shoes Shoes fit perfectly, which I didn't think they we're going to because of my large 14 feet. Very comfortable and didn't need much to break in. Not like my other pumas which still fit a little funny after a couple of months of wearing them. the red is really bright I little to bright for me but got loads of compliments when I first got them. I think there one of the best pair if shoes I've had in a long while. A total good buy can't go wrong.
B004ZIP5GW Pumas are Awesome They both look good and feel good; it is like putting on a pair of socks and great exercise shoes.  The price was also right..very affordable, not endorsed by some 50 year old, and in-turn bought by tweens that never played nor ever will play basketball in their life @ 3-4 times the price.
B004ZIP5GW Best shoes i have ever owned! These shoes are amazing. I found a black pair in a store and fell in love but of course they didn't have my size. Then searched at least five other stores and none had my size.  Then i stumbled upon this pair on amazon a few wks ago and fell in love.  I have always had to wear insoles due to my flat feet and put insoles in these but actually found it to make the shoes fit too tight which made my feet hurt so after two days with insoles i took them out.  Just to find that I didn't need them any way. These shoes have the right support, at least for my feet.  They are comfortable enough to wear at work standing for eight hours at a cash register or walking around my college campus for hours.  Not to mention how colorful they are, you will be getting so many compliments on their color alone.  Had several coworkers compliment me on them, one girl even saying &#34;Man, those look comfortable!&#34; There is only one itsy bitsy thing that bothers my feet about these shoes.  My left foot is slightly bigger and wider than my right foot.  And not often but sometimes the side of the shoe irritates my pinky toe and the side of my foot. But I do have rather wide feet and up until now have always worn skater shoes to accommodate my feet. This doesn't happen often or enough to make me stop wearing or return these wonderful shoes. They are quality shoes.  I wear them ever day that I can.  My only other heartache with these shoes was the trouble to find my size.  God forbid anything happens to this pair and I can't find another. The new Puma Voltaic 4's I tried on were way too bright, too many neon colors mixed, not as comfortable and not as well put together.  I have no need to do any more shoe shopping any time soon. Thank You Puma Voltaic 3!
B004ZIP5GW Comfy and stylish with only one little flaw I love Pumas, and I was thrilled when I tried on these babies. They have great support and I feel as light on my feet as a gazelle galloping through wherever it is gazelles hang out. My only problem is that which I have with every pair of Pumas I own and that is the sole of the shoe doesn't wrap up around the foot far enough, so if it's raining get ready for a case of soggy socks. This is something I know about Pumas and don't care (notice the 5 stars) because the style and comfort really overcomes that. I just wear different shoes when the risk of puddles are high.
B004ZIP5GW Voltaics are some of the best shoes! This is my third pair of Puma Voltaic shoes in the last 2.5 years. I wish i could find more sneakers with no tongue like these. I LOVE THAT FEATURE!! I have found these shoes incredible durable too. I often break out the sides after months of wear, but none of the voltiacs have yet (still have my first pair that are about 2.5 yrs old!). I wear these to work at the office almost every day and then come home and will wear them around the farm for basic chores. The only down side i have found is if it is wet outside - the fabric on the side of the shoes wicks a lot of moisture and my toes get wet and will stay wet for a long time.I know it is usually not recommended for shoes, but I have put these shoes in the washer and it cleans them up very nicely. I then put them on my SHOE dryer (not in the clothes dryer). They come out smelling great (especially when I use a little bit of fabric softner), and they come out looking much better then most other shoes I have washed!
B004ZIP5GW Even better in person I will admit that the price is why I told my 13-year old son to check these out. Whenever we go to the local sporting goods store, he is drawn to the sneaker wall, particularly the $80-150 models. He's all about Puma this year, and plans on running track this spring, so this deal seemed too good to be true. They are better looking in person, fit him well, and are staying new-looking despite the fact that he is wearing them daily through an Upstate New York winter. Also, we chose the free super-saver shipping since there was no urgency and they arrived in five days!! A great deal on a great product. My only regret is not getting a pair for my daughter, too.
B004ZIPGOS He loves them! I got these for my husband who found them.  He already had a pair that he loved.  He is very happy with them.
B004ZIPPEO very comfortable This product is very comfortable, I love to walk with this shoes all the time. I received a product better than expected since this is the first time that I buy shoes on internet
B004ZIPVIE A+ great shoe it is a cheaper version of pumas V1.11, I wear 11 , bought these in 11.5 , fitts great , little tight at first but it breaks in after one game , if you cant buy v1.11 these are great alternative, and a lot cheaper.
B004ZIPVIE it's definitely worth the price it's definitely worth the price. I've been using it for a long time and it's a very good one. I always go with Puma when it comes to soccer shoes.
B004ZIT63U love these(: Love these shoes! They dont need to be broken in and are extremely comfortable. The colors really work together. Great for the price since you normally have to pay a whole bunch for pumas
B004ZIT63U Although it Advertizes them as Big Kid, Girl Colors are Shorter than Boy Colors I bought the neon green/blue pair in the boys' department at a local sporting goods store and absolutely loved them.  They were purchased for doing aerobics because they are light weight and have a cushioned heel.  Those shoes are really comfortable but the soles are wearing out after over a year and carrying a lot of weight.  I usually wear a women's size 6W to 6WW.  I purchased the Big Kid size 6 and they were perfect.  I checked Amazon to buy a new pair and was ecstatic to find a pair with my two favorite colors--hot pink and aqua.  When the new shoes arrived, I held them up against the old green/blue pair.  The girly color scheme shoes were about 1/2 inch shorter than the boyish color shoes.  Fortunately for me, as a 40-something adult, there was still ample room for my toes and the shoes are every bit as comfortable as the green/blue pair.  I just want to warn parents of growing children so they know what to expect.  I did receive the Puma bag with these shoes as I did with my B&M purchase, but these were a better price and I didn't have to suffer the embarrassment of shopping in the boys' dept. at my age :)
B004ZIT63U very cool PUMA never fails. My loves the pair and I think they are cool. True to size fit, too :) Happy
B004ZIT63U perfect instyle shoes My daughter loved loved loved these shoes when they arrive ed. She received so many compliments at school. They were perfect. Not too bright, yet completely on trend. Great shoe, great price.
B004ZIT63U Great kids' shoe! My son loves these shoes!  I love all the fun colors they come in, but we had to go with black to comply with school dress code.  They do run a bit small (about a half size).  I think that has been the case with every pair of pumas we've purchased for my son. A bit pricey for kids' shoes, but extremely well constructed.
B004ZIT63U A Great Shoe! Great shoes!! I read some reviews and ppl were saying the shoes were a bit to small so my 13yr old son last pair of shoes were a 5.5 so I ordered these in a 6.5 and they fit great with a lil room to grow! Great color too!  I will be ordering another pair!
B004ZIT63U Puma snickers I bought this running shoes for my sun. First of all they have different sizing chart - all sizes are 1/2 smaller. Second, the shoes are extremely uncomfortable. Even a kid who loved the way they looked couldn't get used to them and he did try very hard as they are "cool". I would not recommend this product. I will have to try to work it out with Amazon (where i bought them) as they were $60 and we can't use them.
B004ZIT63U PRETTY IN RED I  WOULD LIKE TO CONSIDER MYSELF A &#34;SNEAKER OFFICIATE&#34; I ALWAYS HAVE MORE THEN TWENTY PAIRS IN MY CLOSET AT ANY GIVEN TIME SINCE I WAS 15, I HAVE A HIGH INSTEP AND I FIND THAT ONLY RUNNNING SHOES OFFER ANY REAL SUPPORT. THESE PARTICULAR PUMAS I HAVE WORN  OUT ONLY ONCE SO FAR  (BECAUSE I JUST RECEIVED THEM) AND I GOT FOUR COMPLIMENTS ON THEM ALREADY, TWO OF THEM ASKED ME WHERE I PURCHASED THEM  . THEY ARE EVN BETTER LOOKING IN PERSON THE RED IS SO VIBRANT THEY REMIND ME OF A FIRE ENGINE . THE MATERIAL IS REALLY THICK AND APPEARS DURABLE THE SOLE IS CUSHY THEY PUT A LITTLE BOUNCE IN YOUR STEP.  THEY DO FIT A BIT SNUG IN THE TOE BUT IM HOPING THEY WILL GIVE A LITTLE. IF NOT I'LL HAVE TO SWAP THE INSOLE FOR A THINNER ONE ...BUT THESE SNEAKERS ARE SO EYE CATCHING AND THE PRICE IS SO RIGHT I LOVE THEM ANYWAY.
B004ZIT63U Pumas These shoes are great.  My son loves them.  This is his second pair.  The first were the velcro ones of the same style.  They lasted a long time and we are hoping these do too.  They run a little smaller as most who have worn pumas before know. He said they are really comfortable and he has only had them a week.
B004ZIT63U Classic look and comfort For those with young girls who are active, this is a good product. These can be worn in gymnastics, volleyball, even in yogalates! I wouldn't recommend for running long distances as they don't possess the sole for it, but overall these shoes can be used when being active. Also, best to have some good inserts to help with comfort.
B004ZIT63U more than I expected I bought this pair of shoes as a gift for my nephew. they're more beautiful than the picture, lightweight and good quality. if your looking for quality and  good price this pair of shoes are the perfect choice and your kids will love them.
B004ZIT63U hate these shoes! The inside of the shoe is really small. My child did not like them at all! He will not wear them so I bought them for nothing.. this was a Christmas gift and when I received them I threw away all receipts.  So now im stuck with a pair of shoes that made my child cry just trying them on!
B004ZIT63U Bought these for my 8 yr old Son I am on my second pair of Pumas.  I love them so much I bought a pair for my son.  He raves about his new red shoes.  Very comfortable.
B004ZIT63U One of the most durable we've bought That might be a strong statement since we haven't purchased tons of other shoes but these blow Sketchers, Nike, and Stride Rite out of the water when it comes to long lasting.  My son is 9 and very active.  These have held up very nicely.  The front toe is where we have the most trouble and other shows end up chewing up the cheep rubber very quickly.  The other shoes treat also doesn't last too long at all.  These seem to hold up much longer.  I can't figure out why because they are made of similar rubber material.  These are our second pair and I hope they don't go off the market because we'll be back for a third when these go out.  In terms of comfort we did have to go up at least one half or full size up.  They are a tad narrow for my kid.  My son also pronates and he doesn't have any complaints.
B004ZITHZC love these This is the third pair my daughter has gotten in the past two years. Not because they aren't good.but because she grows out of them she is seven. They are very well made and with stand all the abuse a child puts her/his shoes through.once they get dirty. I throw them in the washer and they're good as new. She has had both Velcro and ties,  no problems with either. I would be happy buying them every year for her. She thinks they're a little tight at first just as any new shoe is. No complaints. Will probably get the adult pair for myself :-) love them
B004ZITHZC Might be worth it at half the price I shopped for my 5 year old for a pair of shoes that are somewhat neutral-colored and highly-rated.  Not an easy combination.  I ignored the low-rated reviews of shoes that said they weren't well-made.  Received them, was happy enough, although they ran a little small and were too tight on the tops of my daughter's normal-width feet.  A week later, the stitching holding the end of the hook-and-loop strap came completely undone.  My mother-in-law redid it by hand to make it work, but I wasn't going to live it with it for what I paid for these.  Thankfully Amazon was understanding and made an exception to their return policy, letting me return them even after being worn.  This is our first and last Puma purchase.  Back to Skechers we go.
B004ZITHZC Great pair of fun sneakers! I got these sneakers for my 18 month old and she loves them. They're bright, fun, and allow her to run like the wind.This is her second pair of pumas and their quality is worth the price. They last and don't give her blisters or cut into her foot.The adjustable Velcro is nice since she has a more narrow foot.I highly recommend these!
B004ZITHZC Snug instep My son picked these out himself. They are little boy versions of his older cousins shoes. I wished I had read reviews more closely and ordered a size up. I thought I didn't need to because he has such slender feet and I was afraid the larger size would be too long for him. Unfortunately, due to these being elastic band closure, they have made these very snug in the instep. My daughter and I both own a pair of Pumas and they are also snug in the instep. He continues to wear them because we can't afford another new pair right now and by the end of the day they do seem to stretch out a little.Another problem is that after a month of wearing not only are they not really stretching out very much, the reflective silver accents on the shoe are wearing off and the white underneath is showing in spots. Looks terrible!! Especially on a practically brand new pair of shoes!
B004ZITHZC Didn't like how they were shipped I received these shoes today and the shipping time was great, they were even delivered a few days early. I purchased these as a Christmas gift so when I received them in a plain box I was very surprised. It just makes it look like I found a new pair of shoes at a flea market and gave them as a gift and I would never do that. Very disappointed in that right off the bat. I'm not sure about the quality, I've read mixed reviews about Puma and this is the first time I've purchased Puma so the quality is yet to be seen.
B004ZITHZC Awesome this one are really awesome, i bought them as a gift for my cousin and he never get tired of using them, i think that i'll buy antoher pair.
B004ZITHZC loved them! I loved the shoes!  But even better my son did too. He's a picky one so definitely glad he liked them!!! Do as everyone says, order a aize up. My son is currently a 13 but I ordered a 1.5. They fit perfect! Definitely ordering another pair soon!
B004ZITHZC Puma kids shoes-great purchase Sturdy-easy on, comfortable shoes.  My daughter loved the intense blue color.  So happy with the purchase that I just bought another pair for my other daughter!
B004ZITHZC Great purchase! I bought these for my two year old. They are ADORABLE! This is his fourth or fifth pair of puma shoes in his lifetime...i just can't resist the styling and he always gets compliments on his shoes. These seemed to run a little small compared to other pumas I've purchased, but i think they're breaking in nicely as i can hardly get them off him. He wants to wear them everyday, so they must be comfortable! :) Very happy with this purchase!
B004ZITHZC Toe Comes off QUICK I would like to think that my three year old is average ... as far as how hard he is on a pair of shoes.  He runs and jumps around like all the other kids his age.  Spending $50+ on a pair of shoes was a little much but I figured they were Puma and should hold up for a few months.  NOPE They were done after two days!  The rubber on the toe peeled off, then racked.  Supper glued them back together and off it came again.  My son is so upset!  WOULD NEVER BUY them again.  TWO DAYS!
B004ZITHZC Runs narrower comparing to other Puma shoes for Toddler My twins have been wearing puma shoes since they were walking. This pair particularly runs a lot narrower comparing to other shoes from Puma.The Velcro strap was a bit short and overall it just does not look comfortable to me, BUT,  for some reason my twin boys just love them at first sight, so I am keeping them.
B004ZITHZC I love these. these are my second pair for my son, yes son, he liked the bright yellow and pink. But he has beaten the beans out of these and I throw them in the washer and they are like new.
B004ZITHZC Love it Love these shoes so much that I want another pair for when my son's feet grow!! It's so hard to find cute sneakers for boys....
B004ZITHZC Nice but not great 2nd pair of Puma. First were great, hence second purchase. These were not as good and son not so keen on them. Still look new and hold up well.
B004ZITHZC Loved the shoes My grandson loved the shoes. They were a great pair I will buy again. Since my grandson is growing fast.
B004ZITHZC Okay.... its very pricey for what I received. Its light weight no doubt. Runs half  size small i think. I cant see my son use this for another year. Maybe 6 months. I couldnt return it because my son was so excited to see it, he wore them and ran out before I could stop him. Splashed in puddles and made a mess. I have two boys so I will use it for my younger one too and get my moneys worth. But i recommend buying some other puma shoe.About the shoe itself: Its light, looks durable, feet gets wet very quickly because its got that mesh like looking material on top. Doesnt keep much water out. I know they are not rain boots. I expect it wont protect from cold either. It will let air in.Update:After a fun filled summer, i found that these shoes absorb dirt "very well" to a point that despite scrubbing the shoes till my hands could not handle it any more.. i have not been able to make this pair of shoe look remotely white. The mesh area is a very dull grey pretty much all the time. I have handwashed it and dumped it in the washing machine for a more detailed water rinse too. No help.I wouldnt care much, its just shoes but this one particularly look bad. We are so used to the grey look now i convince myself i bought them in that color. :) This updated review is more those who care that it looks white and bright.
B004ZITHZC great shoes, but run too small Bought this pair for my almost 6 years old, very active son. He needed some snickers that would not be so wide and don't fall off his feet when running. These hug his feet nicely, love the Velcro, that makes it very easy to put on or take off... I bought size 2, he is 1and 1/2, and they are just a bit snug, especially when wearing sport socks ... would recommend to go up one full size.
B004ZIWJL6 Wow! What a shoes! When I saw this shoes, I said to myself, I want a pair for me!. These are shoes for everything... I recomend them a lot +++
B004ZIXBAY .. Puma shoes have always been my favorite shoes.These are very nice looking shoes.They run a little small.But, seeing you cant get NON neon shoes anymore, these are great.I had another pair of these for 3 years,and then they got a hole in them, ive had these a year and still going strong!
B004ZIXBAY Nice sneakers I just wore these yesterday for an hour at the gym. They were very comfortable and light. I just need to get used to the look, as they seem to fit wide and therefore, look kind of bulky to my eye. However, I have to say, no blisters or soreness.. I have my trusty Asics for heavy duty cardio and these will be my 2nd pair for strength/cardio combos.
B004ZIXPOQ Great shoes and quick shipping! Ordered these for my daughter and she loves them! Shipping was quick for us to receive them and no problems with product. Fits well and happy with item.
B004ZIYSME so comfy I was kinda if-y about buying these. they were adorable but i had bought a pair of nikes from amazon in the past(not this specific seller) that were two different shoes and scared this would happen with these. but nope... they came fast and were perfect... accurate sizing... love them and use them on my treadmill daily and twice to the zoo and once to the fair... very comfy!
B00502ZXR8 Love these shoes These little puma's are so adorable, light weight, very soft and my daughter barely notices that she is wearing them.  I actually am going to buy a 2nd pair for when she grows out of the one's she has. If your thinking about buying them you should they are a wonderful pair of crib shoes and you can't beat the current sales price either.
B0050302Z0 Bought as a present. I thought the shoes were great and the little girl we purchased them for loved them.  The lacing on this side makes the outside of the shoes look nice, however the inside was a little plain.
B0050304VW COOL SHOES!! Cool shoes. Very comfortable. Excellent price. We love the fact that they have velcro instead of shoelaces (a very important issue when trying to put them on a little kid).
B0050308XG Excellent Shoes Great pair of shoes! As my child grew out of her previous pair, I had to order the same shoes again because they were so great. You can get them on with one hand, they stay on and seem comfortable. Puma's tend to be a size smaller than other shoes, but I knew this before ordering. Very please with these shoes.
B0050U20NU Cute shoes but defective One shoe doesn't light up. I had this same problem with the last pair.  It's probably a factory defect.  They are still cute shoes and good for wide width feet.
B0050U20U8 Awesome kicks! I bought these for my 3 year old, and they are great kid shoes!  I am actually searching for another pair in her size, and have had no luck.  They are durable, light weight, they are fabric, so they breathe, and they are really cute!  They are much sparklier in person than in the pic.  They should really stock more of these!  I can't find another pair that is as simple, with no cartoon characters & other non sense.  My daughter really liked them too, but her feet have grown & I will have to move on.  Sigh...
B0050U399O Great shoes I bought both my granddaughters a pair of these shoes and they worked great.  They got too small for them before they were worn out and now they are not available.  I would buy them again if they were available.
B0050U7C8I a awesome shoe. gotta get me a pair or two My girl love these shoes.cute on her feet.I will be buying some more.I will recommend thee for any sneaker lover.
B0050U7C8I My son likes these This is the 2nd pair of Puma's (in red) that I've purchased for 7 y/o son.  He wears them more than any other shoe.  Stylish and good-looking.  Would recommend.
B0050U7C8I My picky little boy loved these immediately. When we put these shoes on our son, age 4, he just ran and took off.  They are super comfortable and fast running.  We were very worried when we were purchasing these that he would scream about not being able to wear his Cars sneakers. But he wears these everyday.  These lasted though many mud puddles and many washes.  We are now going to buy him another pair one size larger.
B0050UGDJC My Son Loves it My Little Boy loves this pair as the little lion blinks when he walk and jump,just hope this pair of shoes can be more affordable, it is pretty expensive as price wise
B00517MAKK Back to school shoes Needed a pair of shoes to match the few outfits my daughter has that is not pink.  Cute and comfortable with an afforadable price!
B00517N9DW Love the shoes! I bought these shoes for my daughter after she lost her first pair of Puma's at the mall on Black Friday.  The shoes are great, durable, and comfortable.
B00517N9DW Puma Cell Tolero Good pair of sneakers, the insole looks durable. Until now it has resisted my kid's passion for soccer. I hope it last until the end of this year.
B00517NOTQ Excellent My son is very happy with these sneakers. Good quality,true size, excellent price. He was sceptic at the beginning because of the black color, he always had white before these. But he told me from now on, he wants only black sneakers.
B0051MR2SU Purchased as a gift I bought this shirt for my cousin for his first birthday.  His parents were thrilled as they are big soccer fans and also like the Puma brand.  Unfortunately they can't get his Puma shoes to go with it since his feet are too wide.  Very pleased.
B0051MR4BU Another gift This pair of pants were to go with the Puma shirt that I bought for my cousin's first birthday party.  His parents loved the outfit, so I would say for sure this was a great purchase.  I am glad that I got something that they enjoyed.
B0051TJZTM Gray - not white & shows dirt excessively I agree with the other reviewers that the photo does not match the product.  It is not white, it is light gray - which I saw before ordering and was ok with.  My issue is that these shoes show dirt more than any other shoe I've seen.  My kindergartener wears these, and after just 3 or 4 days at school, they looked filthy.  They do not clean up well either.  I'm a big fan of Puma shoes in general, and especially for children; however, the fabric in this pair missed the mark by a long shot.
B0051TJZTM Photo doesn't match the description The snickers on the photo have stitches on the front and that one that I received - don't! Plus the photo shows white snickers and not gray as mentioned in the product description.Very cheap trick to sell low quality shoes.Very  disappointing.
B0051TJZTM This sneaker (black with blue) is great for an active pre-schooler I saw this shoe online and honestly didn't pay much attention to it initially. I had seen more attractive, presumably strong sneakers but as the saying goes, you snooze you lose. Anyway, my decision came down to this or a pair of Baby Phat sneakers but concluded that the Baby Phat's were a bit too colourful to wear to pre-school and the Puma's looked stronger too. I wasn't 100% fond of buying a pair of sneakers with blue in it for my daughter but given the fact that she ruins Mary-Janes in no time I decided that I wasn't going to spend a fortune knowing her track record. I went with a size 10M as little feet grow in spurts and she was wearing a 9 at the time. She has narrow feet and with thick socks (not very thick but not thin either), this was a good fit, roomy but not falling off. I was a bit concerned that it would be troublesome to clean as it is a (faux) suede type shoe.  However, she wore these to school and came back with them surprisingly clean. Plus she hasn't managed to "kick out" the front of the shoes as she usually does with Mary Janes, or get scuffs in them- which I really like. Additionally, even though it is sized as a M shoe, the make of the shoe looks very neat on her feet (hey that rhymes, lol) so thumbs up for these sneakers. She's been wearing them since August by the way.
B0053A2M3A Finally! I bought my first pair back in 2004, 2005? and these guys still feel great. They're light, comfortable and looks great with my work and casual outfits. I'm so happy I can still find them! Can't wait to get them, but I'll still keep my old pair, just in case.
B0053A2M3A Great comfortable, lightweight shoe I got these shoes as a gift for my boyfriend, and he can't stop raving about how wonderful they are! He had a pair of H-street shoes several years ago that endured 3-4 years of heavy use, and he was so disappointed when they finally ripped during a soccer match. The price and the quality of these shoes are so much better than anything we could find in Turkey. He loves that they're lightweight and breathable, and are perfect for daily use or for kicking a soccer ball around with friends. The shoes look great, and are exactly what I was hoping for.
B0053A2M3A Minimalist Shoe indeed I love the light weight and the shoes are not designed nor intended to be used for sports such as soccer or tennis. I use them for gym and they offer almost a barefoot type feel. Just what I wanted. I thought they were black and white. I did not realize the stripe was silver until they arrived. It ok though.
B0053A2M3A Best pair of exercise shoes I've been wearing a pair of Puma H-street shoes since 2006 or 7 and I still have my original pair that I used to take to take before I got these.  If you like the feeling of Vibram Five Fingers or shoes will no support these shoes are very light, flexible, and breathable.  Luckily these H-streets are way more fashionable, cheaper, more comfortable, and provide better protection for your foot against outdoor elements.The only problem for some people is that they're narrow and it can make balancing on one foot tricky.  Based on my prior pair, these shoes should last a years in the gym.
B0053A2M3A Great light-weight athletic shoes I love these shoes, I bought one pair a little over a year ago. I used them for trail running and mainly at the gym. The trail use wore the sole too much so I ended up buying a second pair just recently before they were sold out. These shoes fit amazingly well, light-weight and perfect for indoor gym use. NOT for trail running, but great for non-rugged use such as running, rowing etc. Flexible and non-bulky.
B0053A2M3A low quality I determined this product was getting returned immediately after recieving it. I think these would have lasted maybe an hour.
B0053A2M3A product arrived damaged The sneaker arrived with the sole separated from the bottom of the shoe in the back. The side of one sneaker was also damaged.
B0053VMJ28 very nice Just arrived, Well worth the price paid for might buy the red one now. Very nice product would buy again.
B0053VMJ28 Disappointed to say the least... VERY CHEAP LOOKING!!!  Don't bother with this one, I've returned mine... Very surprised the Ferrari brand would produce such an item.
B0053YAX28 Best shoes ever. The best shoes I have ever had.  Now my second pair.  I have wide feet but thin ankles so these shoes fit perfectly.  The first shoe I bought that doesn't rub my ankles/Achilles's raw.  The first pair lasted over a year, and now I wear the old ones outside.  The mesh around the outside is starting to fall apart, but that's because I am super tough on them.Ordered them through Prime on a Monday, had them by Tuesday.
B0053YB0NO Great Shoe! I have had these shoes for a little over two years now and have worn them just about every single day. I love them! Super cute, comfy, and durable. They fit well and have lasted well. I have been surprised how well they have lasted since I wore them at my housekeeping job everyday. Great traction on the bottom too.
B0053YB0NO Comfortable and cute Love these shoes! They are our school colors, all in one shoe! They are lightweight and super comfortable. The sole is well-cushioned. They are not my only pair of tennies, but they have lasted over two years now, and I teach PE!
B0053YB0NO my first puma athletic shoes and I love them! I have never tried Puma before, usualy get New Balance, Nike. These are sooo comfy, they are softly cushioned and they fit great. i wear them for long walks with my dog, and my feet feel great in them. they are plenty wide, and hold up really well on long walks. The bright colors are fun, and they are well made shoes.
B0053YB0NO couldnt be happier love them ! super comphy and holding together great wear them almost every day and when the time comes to replace i may just get another pair lol
B0053Z996I cute, comfy Totally love all Puma's that are transitional from season to season. I had a pair in black and a pair in white and wore them to death!
B00541TQOG Look cheap I know it's cheap, but it doesn't mean it should look cheap, I returned this one for a refund.I don't suggest buying this item, there are bunch of similar backpacks look much better.
B00541TS3U Alright for the price I wasn't expecting a whole lot simply because of the price, but there is one complaint I wasn't expecting. The way the velcro is positioned, you can't completely close the flap at all. I mean, I realize this wasn't going to be some super insulated lunch bag in the first place, but I would like to at least be able to fully close it....
B00541TURE teenager loveable for school. I purchased 4 bags 2 for each child and I must say they have more enjoyment with this rather than a the 5 backpacks I purchased. The price was outstanding and wish I would have purchased some more for Christmas gifts.
B00542WL9W Fits great the first time only I really liked these shorts right out of the box and when I first put them on. However, after the first time wearing them the waistband is twisted and tangled so it bulges out and rolls over. I now only wear them around the house and not that often. I love Puma quality, but these shorts are lacking.
B005437PAG Puma Women's V1.11 IFG Soccer Cleats Great product at a great price my 13 year old daughter says best cleat yet all around easy to clean and no more trying to tie shoes during the game they stay tied and laces are covered recomended to several players on teams.
B005438OCY great shoes I was hesitant to buy these to run in, but I have run in Pumas before and I thought for the price, I could try them. They are the best shoes I have run in, in several years.they are minimalistic in design and mesh so they don't weigh you feet down at all.I am by no means what you would call "small" and was worried how they would hold up over time, I bought them in May, go running at least 3 times a week and have no issues so far.When the time comes to buy another pair of shoes I will definitely be buying these.
B0054D25JM Funny looking, but great shoes I'm on my second pair of this exact same pair of shoes. They fit very well, much like the other Pumas that I have owned. I'd buy them again in a heartbeat.
B0054KWWQG basically good socks Mostly satisfied with these socks.  Comfortable and seem to wash well.  However, one pair had a rip in the toebox that I didn't notice until already wearing several pair - I don't normally check out every pair of socks in a package but for this product seems like a good idea.  Also, if you are a true size 13, as I am, be aware that the socks are essentially "no-show" rather than simply low cut - there will be no "wiggle room".
B0054XVFH0 Great Bag Bought this for my son.  Great tote and works as a day pack for camp and hiking..He used it all summer for various trips and camps and it has held up very well.Love the great colors!
B005543Z5S Stylish, comfy!!! This is my 2nd pair of Pumas and I must say this pair will definitely keep Pumas in my good books. Light on my feet and stylish too. A great buy!
B005543ZHQ very comfortable... Received on time i bought this pair of tennis for everyday use and i am very pleased with my purchase. Those shoes are really comfortables ...I love it!! Shipped on time.
B005543ZHQ very comfortable and stylish look I spend a lot of time on my feet at work during a 12 hour shift so these shoes were perfect for me.  They are extremely comfortable, light weight, and look good.  I had to get the white pair for my job but I would not recommend getting the white ones because, like any white shoe, they stain easy.  If comfort is a major issue, then I would definitely recommend these shoes.
B005543ZHQ PUMA Cross Trainers Item arrived as promised on Dec. 22.  It is a Christmas present for our son-in-law and the item was the only shoes in this particular style and had run out of stock on previous order.  Thanks Amazon for getting more and getting them there before Christmas.  Great service!!!!
B005543ZHQ Complete low quality junk Where do I start with these pieces of junk.Well first compared to Nike or Adidas most puma's are junk and inferior.Please not this is nothing against amazon but against puma.I bought these directly from puma earlier this month , and now are on my 4th pair.I have to keep sending them back because of poor workmanship.They are put together with chowing gum.First pair toe cap wasn't properly glued.Sound pair sole wasn't proper glued, and shoe are talking on the side,because not enough glue was used.Third pair way too much glue was used where the color sole meet's the shoe had super glue drip.Forth pair insole was not glue in the shoe properly, The front of the insole was glued too far back.So the back of the sole sits too high, so the shoe doesn't sit the heel properly.And puma.com has the rudest customer service if you need help.I see why all the puma stores are all closing down.The shoes they sell are very poor quality.Also these DO NOT run true to size, my pair ran a half size big.This will be my first and last order from puma EVER, should of paid more and got Nike+.Oh well.
B005543ZHQ Puma Osuran Best pair of cross training shoes I've ever worn.  Comfortable and lightweight.  This is my second pair and I love both.
B005543ZHQ Nice looking shoe, that's about it. This could totally be my misshapen feet, but when i ran in these my knees killed.  So bad that I took a week off.  Tried them again yesterday to the effect of immediate pain.  It seems they distribute shock directly up the leg.  Could just be my foot shape doesn't match this shoe.  Selling my pair on ebay to whoever buys...used...shoes......want some shoes?
B005544T94 Puma Voltaic 3 Brite Pack Red Shoes I met a tourist from Cornwall (UK) in downtown Baltimore who was wearing a pair of these Pumas which he naturally got in Germany on a visit. I liked them, and since I like Puma shoes in general, I set my mind to order a pair. Nothing could have been easier that to find them at amazon, and at a very good price, as well. Even though I always order Pumas at one size larger than I think I take, this pair is a bit of a snug fit. They are actually "slippers," for in place of a tongue, the shoe surrounds the foot, so they slip on and off. The laces seem to me to have no use other than cosmetic. But I like the shoes, and they sure make me visible when I jay-walk, which every one does in Baltimore.
B005544T94 Great comfy shoes Definitely one of the most comfortable shoes i ever have, great colour and lightweight also. The size that i ordered also just nice for me and the packet reach me very fast since i placed my order.  Highly recommended
B0055523LE Nice shoes These a a nice pair of street shoes, that I wear on a regular basis. They're well made, and have held up fairly well so far.Not a whole lot of cushion (compared to a tennis shoe), but way more comfy than that chucks I've been wearing for the past few years.
B0055523V4 Low quality junk I bought these direct from puma's website.Had to get multiple replacements on this shoe like I did on the puma osuran's due to shoes keepshowing up defective.I had to get 3 replacements of this shoe due to them coming discolored.Instead of them being green and grey like the picture they come dirty looking on one shoe,and this was two pairs so fair.I will stay away from puma and try Nike,Adidas, or New Balance runner as puma shoesare poor quality these days.The puma osuran's I ordered from puma directly came in worst shape.You Have Been Warned.
B0055523WS My Puma California's did not last one week The soles of the sneakers disintegrated after only 30 hours of use . I have never seen anything like it they were leaving chunks of the soles everywhere I went. Since these were a gift and I did not start wearing them for almost a year, I contacted Puma directly. Puma customer service was no help. They offered me 20 percent off on a new pair of Pumas. I sent them photos and even offered to ship them the barely used sneakers. Puma was once a good company they have gone downhill.
B0055523WS Puma california 2 Shoes are of lesser quality than the original Pumas. The seem really cheap. I am not sure I would buy another pair.
B005552422 Very comfortable Love these shoes. This is the second pair I've bought. They are very comfortable and look nice with shorts or jeans.
B005552422 Amazing! These shoes are absolutely amazing! They are so comfy and they look incredible with skinny jeans! Definitely one of the best pairs of shoes that I have ever owned!
B005552422 Super clean The sneakers are very clean and arrived faster than expected. I bought these to replace a pair that I wore everyday for a couple of years. The fit is great and they are very comfortable for casually walking around.
B005552422 Nice shoes... Excellent customer service! Update 3/20/12:Just as promised, Amazon shipped the replacement the very day I requested a return.  The replacement had no damage and is as exactly how I saw it in-store.  Thanks Amazon!Ok... this is an update to my previous review. I was getting ready to wear these shoes for a party but noticed that there were tiny tears around where the laces goes into.  I am returning this pair and hopefully Amazon doesn't give me a hard time then I may update the review back to 5 stars.On one Saturday, I was in one of the Puma stores with a friend who bought this same pair but of a different color.  He paid $60+tax and got to wear it the following day.  I was able to look at this color personally and really liked it; so that same day my friend was shopping at the store, I was shopping Amazon.  Ordered the same shoe but of this color (black/white red) for $48, no tax and was eligible for Prime.  It was suppose to be delivered by Tuesday but I was happy when I got it on Monday, a day earlier.  Wait a day to save always $20, hey why not.The shoe looks exactly like the one in store. Duh, it is the same brand and model.  This is really a nice looking pair of shoe and looks good with anything you wear.  The inside feels comfortable as well.  Great buy.
B005552422 A little large, but good price They were a little larger than most Puma shoes I have. Other than that, great style and nice price for these shoes.
B005552422 Reject item The shoe I received was obviously a reject pair, there was a huge white tag under the mess webbing which isn't supposed to be there and you can't get at it unless you cut into it.
B005552422 Great deal on Puma casual shoe Great price. Quick shipping. Fit exact as my other pair of Pumas...which generally run a little short. Very pleased with the product.
B005552422 very satisfied These shoes not only look great but they are very comfortable as well. Well worth the price and I'm considering ordering an additional pair in a different color cause they are really a gear pair of shoes
B0055528IM Great shoe for the price! Bought these for $25 around Christmas.  Fantastic feel and fit.  You can wear them in Business Casual situations.  Buy them!
B0055528IM A great classic Amongst the many sneaker 'remakes' and 'revivals' this is the one I was really looking forward to. Had a pair at school as a teen and as a sneaker fan I've been waiting for Puma to bring them back. A true performance running shoe when introduced in 1985, today is a great a easy going option. Great service by Amazon as always !
B0055BZJGY Great shoes! Very cute sneakers. The design is beautiful and eye catching. I got the black/fuschia/purple and they look stylish and trendy. They feel extremely lightweight and they're very confortable. Great for power walks. Easy to put on and take off. I also love the velcro strap for easy closure. I find they're true to size. Great quality. These are my first PUMA sneakers and I'm very happy with my purchase. I would definitely recommend.
B0055PMH74 Cool The style is very nice , and the price is fear also you don't see those and any store you has to go online and get it
B0055QR480 Nylon eyelets BREAK I really like the look and fit of this shoe. However, and this is a big HOWEVER, it has nylon strap-loop eyelets on one side that easily break. I only had this shoes for a few months before one broke, and I didn't even wear them everyday. It's hard to tell from the pictures what I am talking about. The eyelets on the outer side are the standard leather-punched holes. On the inner side, all but the last two eyelets are actually thin strips of corrugated nylon stitched in a loop. This lets the laces tuck under the leather to not block the large PUMA logo on that side. The nylon (or maybe the stitching) is not strong enough to handle normal lacing when you put on your shoe.I gave it 2 starts since they did an outstanding job when it comes to aesthetics. It's not enough to make up for poor product testing, though. There's no point in buying these shoes ever again if they are just going to break.
B0055QRPFM The Item Never Arrived This is a very deplorable customer service; I bought the Puma Sneaker and as a Prime subscriber believed the item will arrived on time, 10 days after I bought the item I receive and email that is out of stock; for me is unbelievable that they promote products that clearly state that they are available and later they decide that "Ohh We're sorry but we don't have it anymore". In the first place as a merchant you have to publish an accurate inventory status so customer can be served with the requested product.I am very sorry to deal with such an inefficient customer Service; hope that no other customer has to expirience the frustration I have now, and I'm trying to keep the argument civilized because my guts tell me to respond in more visceral manner.Joel
B0055QRPFM Nice and eye catching Grab one of these before they disappear from the market; they are nicer than the new model with velcro. Now I own 2 of them, the red and the black. I might get a white one as well:)Make sure you get at least 1/2 a size larger.
B0055QRPFM Puma sneakers Ferrari Fashion If you want some shoes that stand out and say wow! These are the shoes.  The size is right on, and they are really nice looking.  These are for fashion, and at this price I wouldnt wear them them every day so that they last longer.  I got the white, and they look great with everything.
B0055QV4G8 Great Sneaker for the Price! The old saying goes "you get what you pay for." However, the price of these leather sneakers are great. Sort of styled after Adidas Samba leather indoor turf sneakers, these sneakers have a low-cut sole that is great for motorsports and recreational sports alike. Comfortable and stylish nonetheless, these Pumas have a newly-designed lace cover up section so that the sides of the laces don't protrude or get in the way of outside objects, this also gives the sneaker a clean and sleek appeal.I would try and find your size before supplies run out as I had some difficulty over the course of three weeks trying to get a size 9. Overall, a good to great sneaker. Other similar footwear can only be worn so long before your feet become sore or blistered, these are not one of those sneakers. I found that even wearing them without ankle socks is efficient. I would recommend this for an extended period of time however, as feet can often play in the eventual destruction of the interior of the footwear.Great, worth the money!
B0055X9OO0 Retro 80's fashion with a twist Speeder sneaker tends to run 1/2 size smaller than usual.  I normally wear an 8 and the 8.5 pair had the best fit.  This style of sneaker also tends to run narrow as compared to other brands.  If you plan on washing them, use cold water/gentle wash.  I used warm water and ended up with a shrunken set of shoes.  All the more reason to replenish my Speeder supply!
B0055X9OO0 My Favorite Shoes Ever I bought these shoes a few years ago and Amazon asked that I write an opinion. I still love them! They still look like new and I get compliments on them every time I wear them. Great shoes!
B0055XBD80 LOVE These are perfect shoes. Hopefully one day they will make them AGAIN!!! =) I have five pairs in different colors. I even stuck suede on the bottom to make one pair dance shoes. =)
B0055XBD80 Awesome! Super comfy! Easy slip-on! Love these! I have the green and yellow ones too! Only drawback was this pair was not all suede...the solid blue part is leather, which is better. I just expected them to be the same as my green and yellow ones...all suede. Oh well! I still love them and they're super comfy! Perfect season apparel for Brewers season!
B0055XCS3Y Great fashion shoes This pair of fashion shoes is great for a long walks. Very soft and fresh shoes, 100% confortable. Great purchase!
B0055XCS3Y comfy and lightweight This is my first pair of pumas. They are absolutely soft, comfy,and lightweight. They are so light  weight that it doesn't seem like your wearing shoes at all.
B00569GP2M just amazing these shoes are exactly what I wanted and well worth the price. in stores they go for around 100- 125 cdn. fantastic find on amazon.com
B0056PKEMI sneakers i would tell everyone to get a pair. real comfy had no trouble wearing them. keep it up give the best.
B0056PKEMI perfect condition just what I wanted. Do not regret buying these pair of shoes very excited to give this as a gift.
B0056X0DO4 puma cross training Very comfortable.  My second pair.  Love them.  True to size. Good service from Amazon too.  Good cushioning.  Variety of colors.
B0056YH1PW Great buy I have been looking for shoes that would help me exercise without strain on my knees, and bought many models. These shoes are amazing. I have started again regular exercise without the modifications to accommodate my knee pain, and I feel great so far. The colors are nice too and this pair is turning to my favorite. It was delivered fast. The shoes had a little defect but the company took care of that, which makes me more comfortable buying from this seller again. I would recommend them, and am even thinking of getting another pair.
B0056YP5VE Love these indoor court shoes! Great pair of shoes for indoor court games - indoor soccer, floor hockey, indoor volleyball, indoor lacrosse, etc.  The soles won't scuff up an indoor court, and the bottom is flat (unlike running shoes) so you can move in all directions.  I had previously tried a pair of running shoes, and paid for it with giant blisters on the soles of my feet - not a problem with this pair of shoes, they are great!They are Pumas, so of course they are nicely stylin' - I got the black with touches of yellow, and adore the look.  They design is really unisex - cool design for a guy, but not too manly for a woman.  Not too bulky, it's got that nice streamlined look you expect of Pumas.  I had previously gone to Walmart to buy a cheap pair of indoor shoes, and ended up back at Amazon because the price was comparable but the quality was not even 1/4 as good.Definitely recommend this pair of Pumas!
B0056YR3N2 perfect There was a small scratch , and the company offered all assistance immediately and replaced what is necessary.It is a great shoe, I can buy one more whenever same one will be back to the marketI can recommend to all players!
B0056YRCTW Great classic reasonably priced cleat So I'm what most consider to be an old school soccer guy at this point.  I remember playing league soccer before shingards were mandatory.  Anyway I really like this pair of boots.  So much so that this is the second pairs that I've bought over the past six years.  They really hold up and comfortably mold to your foot.  My one recommendation is to be sure to treat this or any cleat with some mink oil when you first buy them.  It helps break them in and the added waterproofing really helps a shoe to last.I like the length of the studs on the bottom as they are long enough for any grass field condition and yet can still be played on a turf field in a pinch.  Quality shoe at a reasonable price.  I would definitely buy them again!
B0057DPSQG Very disappointed I like Puma.  Always been my go to soccer boot.  Love their casual shoes as well.  Got a quality pair or two of socks as well as some shirts also.  Felt they would be good quality briefs also.  Way wrong.  I'm a 3: waist, right in the wheelhouse for the medium size.  They are not very snug at the waist and do not gather at all on my thighs.  I do not have the legs of a bird and every brand I have ever bought fit my thigh very well.  These are awful!  And the fabric is very, very thin.  Wish I could return them.
B0057DPSQG Either their fabric or Sizing has changed I've worn the medium Puma boxer brief for years, but then I recently got some mediums they were almost falling off, so I switched to the smalls, which are still kind of surprisingly loose.Either they've tweaked their sizing, or the fabric isn't holding it's cling like it used to.
B0057DPSQG Great Underwear! These boxer briefs fit well and are stylish. I have several pair of Pumas and will continue to buy them in the future. I used to wear Banana Republic or Ralph Lauren, but now I wear these instead. Recommend this product.
B0057DPSQG PUMA-WEAR Never write a review too soon. I'm gonna see if I can get a refund on these shorts. You would think since Puma has been in business for a long time they would have a quality garment, but what do you expect from a bunch of 'Out Sourcing', we need to have more items made in the U.S.A. with pride. If's a damn shame we have to support every other damn country but our own. Get the damn 'liberals' out of the way and put sweat shops back in the U.S.A. so the 3rd world immagrants can make a living here.Well, this was my initial review for the Puma shorts: "These are great shorts for a terrific price. They fit good, stay in place and don't bind while keeping your personals in the right area and they are cool and breath well." However, after the third (3rd) washing the waste band is loosing it's elasticity and the shorts do not stay in place as I previously stated. If Puma can not make shorts that will withstand 3 washes then don't sell them; have some pride !!
B0057DPSQG Hubby loves it! So do I! My other half used to wear those rough boxer briefs from this famous fruity brand. I always hated the fabric, and they were a little tight around his (strong) thighs.I took it upon myself to buy those Puma. When I asked him about these new boxers he stopped what he was doing and the first words out of his mouth were: &#34;Oh My God!&#34;. They are soft to the touch and fit him just right! What more can you ask for?I am buying more...
B0057DPSQG Holes after one washing One pair of the three had two holes near the seam after one washing. They fit well and feel comfortable, but I'm quite disappointed the one has holes already.
B0057DPSQG Not boxer briefs These are essentially boxers made out of the material traditionally used for boxer briefs but not as strong. They stretch quickly and become loose while wearing. They return to their original shape and fit when washed. They aren't uncomfortable but I won't be buying more.
B0057DPSQG Love it I love it i had a hard time finding the black and red puma boxer brief for a good price
B0057DPSQG For My Husband I bought these for my husband who wears compression underwear... they were not what he wanted. However, they are very, very soft and he says they are comfortable. I figure 20 for three is a way better price than the 20 a pair I usually pay!
B0057DPSQG Stay Away I purchased this along with 2 other named brand boxer briefs(Kenneth Coles and Reebok brands). I would wear a pair to the gym about 2-3 times a week. These boxers lost elasticity and their fit within the first 4 weeks. By the 6th week they began to tear at the waist. I have NEVER seen this happen before with any of my other name brand boxers. Shocked at the deplorable quality of this product, I contacted Puma and here is the response from their customer service:&#34;We are sorry to hear that you are dissatisfied with your products. After further review we have determined that the issue you are seeing with your products is not a result of any defect in the material or workmanship.&#34;It is one thing to make such a poor quality product. I am VERY disappointed that PUMA will not take responsibility. None of the other named brand Boxers I bought about the same time have given way and I still use those when I am working out-4 months later they are still a perfect fit. All 3 Puma briefs in this pack are going to the trash now. Stay away.
B0057DPSQG Wore them once and threw them in the trash These are made of subpar fabric and did not fit.  I am a Medium in every other brand and these are not sized properly.  I would suggest sizing down if you are interested in these underwear or just get a different brand.
B0057DPSQG droopy put a pair on and thought ......these should be snug fitting not loose boxers. anyone buying these.....if the size graph tells you to buy medium , trust me , buy small.
B0057DPSQG These are great! I dont know why so many people say they dont fit or wear out This is the 4th pack Ive bought and I absolutely love them. I first bought these when I was looking for boxer briefs that would be comfortable for day to day wearing as well as for workouts. These fit exactly as they say, in my case large. Im only starting to buy some new ones after many months of wearing the ones I first bought. The elastic didnt start wearing down until a years time give or take but even then theyre totally manageable but like all things sooner or later you have to replace them. Thats my 2 cents.
B0057DPSQG Inexpensive and great product for the price My finance liked the look of the boxers and the price was great for me but they did not fit so we had to send them back.  I would re-order because they came fast.
B0057DPSQG Still great. One gripe though. I've been buying and wearing these for years. My go-to choice for boxer briefs. I'm an average sized person and the small is loose on me. One gripe though: beware that they replaced the tag (which you used to be able to cut or rip off) with one of those silkscreen images printed directly onto the fabric. This lands right at the base of my back and tends to stick to my skin when I sweat. I find myself constantly having to pull it off my skin while I'm exercising or working in the yard and it looks remarkably like I'm pulling out a wedgie.
B0057DPSQG Husband's favorite boxers I only bought one pack for my husband and after he wore one pair, I had to go and order another pack!  He says they are super comfortable and are his favorite brand!
B0057DPSQG Don't waste your time These are very disappointing.  I should have heeded that reviews.  It's not that they relax a little and you should order a size smaller, its that they are such terrible quality the material stretches out after one wear and has NO elasticity.  They should sell these as loose boxers not boxer briefs.  Plus the material pills up and sloughs off even after one time wearing them.I'm going to send back a few pair of these dirty undies.
B0057DPSQG Cheap construction One of the three pairs arrived with a hole (more like missing stitching) around the waistband. If you're looking for good underwear, get some made in America, by people who know what quality means. Go check out Flint and Tinder. They make me want to burn the other 2 pair in this 3-pack.
B0057DPSQG Disappointing from PUMA These were way to big for a size medium.  Not worth the cost, since the fabric loosens up too quickly too.  I was surprised that PUMA didn't sell underwear on their own site.  Now it makes sense.  They must be allowing some third party to do this, hence why the poor quality.
B0057DPSQG One pair was in a bad condition. I purchased the same product with different color (black) from Marshalls and liked it so I decided to purchase another set here eon amazon.Well, the red ones don't look as cool as the black ones. Just be aware of that.The problem with this purchase was that one pair came in a bad condition. When I tried the pair on, and found that the thigh areas have been expanded (most likely by some external force) so didn't fit my thighs. They were just too big. And that pair had some dust stains on the front part. It seems like they are either defective or poorly packed in the process.I don't know how I can be compensated for this.The rest two pairs are good, just as I wanted except that the textures are not as good as I expected.The black ones that I purchased from Marshalls are of a better quality even though they seemed to be them same before I actually compared them.So I'm not satisfied with this product, but still, I like the design.
B0058XE0GY Nice Very comfortable shoe and a great value for the price. Haven't used for soccer yet so I'm hoping they hold up.
B0058XE0GY Great shoes. This is my second pair of these shoes. Super comfortable and the outsides will last forever. The insides get worn down (after many months), but you can always fix it.
B0058XE0GY still going strong i think this is a solid sneaker. I bought it for futsal but ended up wearing it everyday since the first game. I was able to break it in during the first game. I've worn it almost every day to work, indoor-soccer, out-and-about, and it's still running strong. Gotta love PUMA.
B0058XE0GY Starting to dismount after 4 months I purchased that soccer shoes on Oct 2012 and used it around 5 times between Oct and Dec. I just get them to use (Feb 2013) and I already noticed the front of the shoes (rubber) losing its glue and getting apart from the shoes.I do not recommend this product.Update: I sent a e-mail to Puma asking about warranty. They asked me to send to information (what was the defect, when I bought the shoes,...) and after a few days they provided me with a gift card of the same value of the shoe to be used on their website.
B0058XE0GY Quality Shoes First off, this shoe is very good looking. I nice smooth and soft leather upper; as well as a grippe rubber gum sole. I myself purchased the black and white combo, and it was a good choice indeed. Every time I put them on i like them more and more. They may not seem very comfortable out of the box, but after you break them in, they really conform to your feet. The shoes are about as comfortable as a new sofa. Not as comfortable as your old sagging easy chair, but comfortable with support, unlike a super cushy shoe.
B0058XE334 Live it Very nice shoes, confortable. Exactly what I expected. I recommend. Looking to bye it in another colors, they come in black, white and grey.
B0058XEE88 Good fit The spikes fit my daughter well, and they went great with her school track uniform. Would purchase another pair. She was pleased.
B0058XEE88 My sister used them for track My sister bought these for track and field. She got some good wear and tear out of the shoes and they fit her well.
B0058XEE88 Great sneaker. My daughter loved them Great sneaker.  My daughter loved them.  She won 8 medals including at the Penn Relays. Well purchase another pair.
B0058XEE88 Happy customer!! Great shoe & awesome price!  Fast shipper.  Completely happy.  I bought these shoes for my granddaughter and she is really happy with them.  She uses them for track.
B0058XEREO Favorite shoes ... Price great (half of what I paid at store).  Would buy more if had my size.  I wish Puma would not get rid of their models as quickly or show their product replacement lines so easier to follow what replaced what.
B0058XEVXQ Nice shoe Purchased for a cousin and was well received. Puma remains a classic brand from the old school. Will recommend to others.
B0058XF1V2 Dirty shoes These shoes where dirty and worn. when they arrived.  Other than that they are ok. but they were advertised as new not used.
B0058XF1V2 super cool love em! great pair of shoes! look nice! buy them love the leather. smells so good. its a great addition to my puma collection
B0058XF1V2 Uhm I love them Con Amazon took 19 hours to delivery themPros right sizeSnug fit with the right roomGreat driving shoe great feel on my clutch3 second break in periodGreat pair shoes good job big cat
B0058XF1V2 clean shoe I had a pair of these i bought a few years back and could never find this pair of shoe until i searched amazon.  I bought a pair in white this time and plan on buying a back up black pair in black.  Great fit and comfy i use these as a daily shoe and they have held up very well.  perfect shoe for casual dress or light gym use not good for running tho.
B0058XF1V2 Puma shoes The shoes fit great, they are light and seem to be made really well. This is the first pair of non skate shoes I've bought in over ten years and I am glad I made the change.
B0058XF1V2 Wrong sizing. Ordered 14D, received a really tight pair of shoes. The strap won't close, the shoes are too small. Nice look but not worth the hassle. I think sizing also depends on the product styles. Disappointing purchase.
B0058XF1V2 Love these kicks! Bought these shoes because I like the whole look.  After reading reviews I bought a half size larger(normally wear a ten but bought 10 1/2).  Have had them for about one month and they are my go to shoe.  Way comfortable and feel like wearing a glove for my feet.  I among a bit concerned about the Velcro strap as I am afraid it will lose its grip after multiple uses but so far so good.  Very comfortable to wear when driving long distances or traveling.I will definitely get another pair when these wear out assuming they hold up adequately.
B0058XF1V2 I love my new pair of sneakers They fit perfectly for a pair I could only see a picture on the webpage. Very comfortable, very light and elegant. I recommend these!
B0058XF60I Great shoe for winter and wet grass. I live in the Northeast where snow and black ice is common early in the morning, I was looking for a winter running shoe with grip for ice and at the same time insulated for running on snow and stay dry. My friend recommended these pair of Puma orange complete, for running very early in the morning with 30* cold weather, the stability of the shoe on ice is good. Great too for wet grass, the grip is excellent. I still own the Itana from Puma for spring and summer and love them but not for extreme weather like these pair of Complete Trailfox.
B0058XF6Q2 Perfect shoes! I used to wear nothing but RepliCat 3's until they were discontinued. I found these Fast Cats, and there like a carbon copy of them. I was visibly excited when I got them in the mail 2 days after I pushed the order button. I LOVE these shoes, and pretty much the entire PUMA brand.
B0058XF6Q2 Great shoes These are the second pair I have purchased for my son. he got them in grey too. He has worn them out and does not want any other shoes.  Hard to find as they keep changing the name.
B0058XF6Q2 Great shoes - Could not get locally I love these shoes.  Puma fits me perfectly, like an extension to my foot.  I'm so glad I could find a new pair online, as I couldn't find them anywhere locally.
B0058XF6Q2 Very comfortable get black though I would have rather gotten the black version of this shoe but all together it is one of the most combfortable sneakers I've ever worn and there great for running and stay tight on your feet. They arrived very fast and they came with a really cool carrying bag.
B0058XF6Q2 good product The product is exactly like pictures,I don't have problems with shoes, shoes are brand new, I'm happy for buy it.
B0058XF6Q2 Awsome I Have To Say These Are The Best Shoes I Have Owned In A Long Time I Get Compliments On How Awsome They look And How Comfortable they look And How Comfortable They Are I Even Got My Grandma To Buy A Pair Of Pumas AWSOME PAIR OF SHOES
B0058XF6Q2 great price These shoes fit my 13 yr old great. Look great too!!  His second pair, this was the best price by far.Quick shipping. Thank You
B0058XFAJU Decent pair of sneaks These are a good, comfortable and somewhat durable shoe. Although, in my opinion they are a little over-priced, but they look great, they are made out of high quality material, and feel great on your feet even after a long day. I would recommend these to any of my friends.
B0058XFAMC Puma PUMA Drift Cat 4 SF Ferrari Fashion Sneaker,Rosso Corsa/White/Black... .. good product, i have recommended every product from Puma there are authentic made-up
B0058XFAMC Great Deal It is a great product conffortable since the first minute i try it on and the service is really good
B0058XFAOK Excellent Second shoes I got from puma, I didn't like the first one, but I gotta love it this time. This shoes is perfect, comfortable, smooth, and the design it great!
B0058XFHKC Awesome shoes I've always loved the classic suede Pumas These arrived in perfect brand new condition with the eco friendly bag. Now I just need to find a pair of the powder blue ones.
B0058XFJTQ Great! Great product! I love Puma shoes! They feel amazing from the first time I put them on. No breaking them in. True to size as well. Only gave 4 stars this time because there was an eyelet that came loose before I even wore them, but it does not effect their performance or quality in any other way. I love these shoes!
B0058XFJTQ these work for me! I cannot be on my feet without wearing my HUGE custom-built orthodics which makes it difficult to find shoes that accommodate.  Wide shoes are often too wide.  These are awesome!  this is my second pair.  THe first pair still looks good enough, but the support has broken down.  (Took about 8 months of steady wear) Plenty of room in the toe boxand helps prevent pronating. plus my daughter says they're cool.
B0058XFP4A Not in perfect condition, returning and ordering new pair Shoes are nice looking shoes- BUT they are NOT in perfect condition, as expected for a new pair of $80 PUMAS. There are several places on the leather parts of the shoe that look like smeared glue. I have requested a refund and am ordering a new pair- hopefully the next pair are in acceptable condition! =D Five stars for the actual shoe, 0 stars for condition. Arrived on time and packed well.
B0058XFP4A Good Pair Shoes It is my first purchase of pair Puma's Cell Turin. At first felt kind small and tough to walk or run with them. But as I wear them started to stretch and feel more confortable. The price is Ok for the shoes but I was specting a little more confort out this part. Overall Good Looking Shoes.
B0058XFP86 It's alright Pros:Looks coolReally lightFlexibleEasy to put on/offCons:Rubber flap on front peels off easilyLoose strings come out of the sidesFoam mesh on the side of the shoe become wrinkly and compressedI would not buy these shoes again for $79.95, they are not worth it for that price.
B0058XFP86 The most comfortable sneakers I've ever worn When it comes to PUMA sneakers I can rest assured that I don't need to try them on to know they will be comfortable. I bought my first pair five years ago, and they recently deteriorated(I jog 2-3/week), so I decided to buy this new model and it did not disappoint. They are very unique and stylish, I love the Velcro because I'm not a fan of having to stop to tie my laces. The inside is super comfortable although I got them half a size bigger (I'm a 9, got a 9.5), because my toes tend to go forward when jogging. The price is reasonable, but since I had a gift certificate, I only had to pay about a third of the value. The shipping was super fast (Thank you amazon prime!) and overall I am one happy client! :)
B0058XFP86 puma shoes This puma fits quite comfortably. It's very light and soft as well. I am used to wearing a heavy steel toe shoe 5days of the week so this puma suits me just fine. Great shoes
B0058XFP86 Shoes you can use I bought these for my boyfriend. He already had a pair he loved, and I thought it would be smart to get him another pair before Puma discontinued them or changed the design. People literally stop him on the street to ask him about his cool shoes.
B0058XFP86 Simply the best sneakers ever Nothing else to say.  Super comfortable.  Great looking.  Cool colors.  No laces.This is my third pair and I'm getting a fourth.  People on the street complement them/me.NOTE:  They run 1.5 sizes larger than normal.
B0058XFP86 Good shoe, great price I have been a Nike wearer for many years. My daughter bought me a pair of Pumas not too long ago. I really was impressed with their light weight and comfort. Saw this pair on line and decided to try them. Glad I did. Fit is my normal size unlike some other reviewers and I have a fat foot. Comfort is outstanding and the velco closures actually work and are comfortable. Very impressed with Puma! I wore their soccer shoes in my youth and if they keep up the quality and comfort, I will continue with the brand. I would and have highly recommend.
B0058XFP86 Awesome Running Shoe This is thus far the best pair of running shoes that i bought. They are very light and dynamic and fits very well.. Love these... will definitely get another pair again...
B0058XFP86 Best shoe's ever !!! Stylish, comfortable price is great. but its the comfort and style that matter's, and these are it. I bought my first pair, I loved them so much, that I had to get a another pair.
B0058XFP86 Nice Works!! Extremely good pair of shoes. USe them for running everyday in evening. Would recommend for sure. Worth the price. Nice!
B0058XFP86 Held up almost a year. I bought these shoes to wear at work. I work in the backroom of a Wal-Mart doing inventory related things. I'm on my feet and walking around for nearly the full eight hours I'm there, I'm only sitting on breaks or lunch breaks. I'm thoroughly satisfied with these shoes as they have held up to me wearing them all day at least five times a week. They're finally starting to show some wear (the rubber bit at the end is coming undone, but probably could be fixed with some super glue, and the white part lining the bottom has started to wrinkle and crack a bit, but they're still more than wearable, I'm just a tad superficial about my shoes looking nice) and I am going to replace them with another pair of Puma Osu shoes. I would recommend these to anyone who has to be on there feet all day and want a pair of shoes that will last a long time under pressure.
B0058XFP86 Best shoes for running I bought a pair 4 year ago. Always used it for jogging for walking and so on. But several years ago they were broken. I was looking for them about a year something like this and found one in India but they do not deliver to Russia. And now i found and bought another one pair here. Life is beautifull. For example in Russia this shoes around $120 ;(
B0058XFP86 Yes! Yes! Yes! This shoe is absolutely the best. Comfy as hell and people cant stop saying how cool they are! I have the black ones and just ordered a pair of red ones! SUPER HAPPY!!!
B0058XFP86 writing titles is the hardest part of a review My son loves these.  When a pair get too small, he wants the same thing to replace them.  They hold up well; we just replace them because he needs a larger size.
B0058XFP86 Awesome Shoes I wanted to buy a pair of running sneakers for a long time, and I had been really happy with some &#34;Tergament&#34;  casual shoes I bought from Puma, because they were really light, comfortable and looked pretty cool, until time damaged them off. . I usually buy sport footwear  for basketball and use them for almost eveything. I've been running for a while now, and I needed a lighter shoe, one that  could be used for a long time without my feet getting tired. I chose this product, and I'm pretty satisfied. Not only they are light and comfy,they also look amazing.
B0058XFPLS Comfy! I cant speak to the durability as I have only had them a few weeks, but the comfort and appearance are great.  I hadn't bought a new pair ff shoes in like 10 years, so I was long overdue.  Very happy so far!!!
B0058XFPLS Bought to match the pair for women Comfortable and well made. Better made than puma shoes @ outlet. I love the style. Because they are white, it is easy to get them dirty.
B0058XFPLS Puma Haven't received these yet, but all I buy for my husband is Puma. He has had the same pair, just like these for over a year and they still look almost new. He bought a pair of shox a few months ago and they are more worn than his Pumas. Great brand of shoes!
B0058XFPLS Great shoes! Not only did this order show up in a few days, but the shoes look and feel great! This is my second pair of these.Buy them you won't be disappointed.
B0058XFRLG as expected this was not my first pair, so I had high expectations, I was not disappointed, the shoes are nice and comfortable. five stars
B0058XFRLG I'm in love with these shoes. So I've always been a big fan of Puma's shoes. I own a brown, a black, and a red pair of the Speedcat shoes that they offer. These however are a great option as well! The only complaint I have about other puma's is that the white stripe gets very dirty over time, these haven't yet, and I'm sure they won't because it is black! They are a great build quality and the green on the eyelets and the back "puma" logo are great touches.Great for Soccer, Hackysack or just being stylish.
B0058XFXA6 Great Purchase!!! I would definitely recommend these shoes; they are beautiful, and come in a cute red bag. This is the 3rd pair of Mostros that I buy for my dad, he thinks that they are the most lightest and comfortable shoes
B0058XFXA6 Wonderful Shoes This is my 8th pair of Mostros. These are the lightest, smallest, most comfortable shoes I've every owned. Even at 100 dollars per pair they are worth every penny.
B0058XFXA6 Just bought a second pair These are my favorite shoes to wear on a daily basis in good weather.  They are easy to slip on and the mesh top means your feet stay nice and cool.  After a year, they still have a good amount of tread.I bought the grey ones, and they did get a bit dirty.  However, since the shoe isn't leather I threw them in the wash and they came out looking new.The only thing I hate is that Puma always changes their mesh shoe lines.  I'll find a pair I really like, and then they are impossible to find when they wear out.  Then the new version can be a bit hit or miss compared to the last one.
B0058XFXA6 great shoes These pumas are wonderful. They are comfortable, easy to put on, and durable shoe. This is my second pair of these. Would definitely purchase these shoes again.
B0058XFXA6 Great I love them Very happy. I will definitely be ordering another pair of these shoes. Always wanted them and finally got around to it.
B0058XFYDC Outstanding Puma Sneaker Circa 1977... The Puma Style brings me back to my younger years when teens that I looked up to would wear these sneakers with French cut style pants to Up Rock or Break Dance... I recommend this product and sales company to every shopper.  Thank you for your service and I will be back to buy more colors...Respectfully,Roberto A. I.Brooklyn, New York
B0058XFYEG awesome I use to love puma shoes. I didn't know they were back I love them so I bought another pair
B0058XG1CA Amazing Flip Flop! I love these sandals! I bought them a little while back and they have been so comfortable, I'm ordering a new pair soon because mine are getting worn out from wearing them everyday lol recommended to someone who isn't going to wear them everyday like me:)
B0058XG1CA Good for the beach I bought these and like them. They are my second pair of puma sandals, and I will buy a third. Worth mentioning is that the toes are a tight fit. They don't slip on with extreme ease, but as a result don't slip off accidentally.
B0058XG7RO Great Shoe!! I love these shoes!! This is the first pair of shoes I've ever bought online and they fit like a glove! I will definitely be getting another pair in the future.
B0058XG7RO Athletic Fashion Combo. Awesome footwear.  A definite sport shoe.  From an athletic state of mind I feel confident, secure and competitive in them.  I can put them with jeans, tee, and a blazer (all fitted of course) with no second guessing. I will purchase a pair for the gym and one for outings.
B0058XGI5A good luck I live in Colombia and i hae received this pair of shoes in best conditions, they are amazing and i am so happy with them because it is just what i expected about them. Good choice, shoes and store.
B0058XGI5A Nice shoe These shoes are very streamline and lightweight. Very comfortable. After purchasing my first pair of puma I decided I needed more. Love them.
B0058XGI5A Puma is excellent as usual I chose Puma shoes because my last pair were Pumas and I loved them so much I wore them every day for almost two years until they got holes in them. Personally I don't think this style is quite as nice-looking as my last pair of Pumas, but still better than most (my last pair was the Lyla sneaker with pink sequins - and not a single one fell off). They're light, they fit right, they look sleek, they're of quality construction. Puma is reliable like that. Others reported sizing issues issues in their reviews; I'm sort of in between a 8.5W and 9W, got a 9W(7.5M), fits perfect. However my last pair was an 8.5W and they took a bit of breaking in. Probably why they ended up with holes near the toes :P Plus I've already gotten a couple compliments on them, what more could you want!
B0058XGLKC Used for Crossfit I was a little worried that these shoes might not be wide enough or long since it was my first time buying shoes online and never purchased a Puma product but fear not it was a great fit. I always had trouble with staying on my heels while lifting but I did have worn down shoes. After these came in, I took them to Crossfit and they felt great in the run portion and noticed a considerable difference in lifting. I no longer was falling forward with the weight and that alone makes this purchase worth for me. On the wear of these shoes I have no comment, since I just purchased them. As of right now I would purchased them again in the future.
B0058XGLKC Training, Running, or Just Wearing - Perfect! I have been watching these shoes since they first came out and I wanted them immediately. My local stores did not have them, and e - bay was very overpriced. Amazon had a great price (as always) so I purchased them. Very good packaging and quick shipping, no concerns with my order. The shoes fit true to size, wrap around your feet, and are light as a feather. I do a lot of ciruit/cross training - many infommercial programs I cannot promote - and these shoes are great for jumping all over the place. I am considering buying another pair in a different color.
B0058XGLKC Amazingly comfortable It's not often that I leave a review for anything. But these shoes are so comfortable, lightweight, and stable, I decided I had to. They create an extremely stable platform for both your heal and the pad of your foot. I own multiple expensive Nike running shoes and none of them hold a candle to these. I tried to find a local retailer that carried them, but almost no one carries Puma shoes in my area. I took a leap of faith and ordered them online without trying them on, and I'm glad I did!New favorite pair of gym shoes.
B0058XGLKC just what i wanted These are my first pair of Pumas and they are super comfortable, they look great, they do draw attention. I highly recommend these shoes
B0058XGLKC Bounce around town in style This review is coming from someone who just enjoys wearing sneakers, not anyone who's an expert on running shoes, exercise gear, etc.  So keep that in mind.  Anyway, these Puma Men's "Pumagility" (love that word) cross-training shoes encompass the best of both worlds. On the one hand, they're extremely light and comfortable (nothing heavy or clompy at all about them); on the other hand, they provide lots of traction and support during quick walks, fast pivots, etc.  In other words, they're down there doing their job without you constantly knowing they're down there doing their job.Also, they're attractively stylish.  There have been lots of times when I've gone out with clean new sneakers, but this was the first time I received multiple comments from strangers (on the street, in the supermarket, etc.) about how cool and sharp looking my shoes were!  Everyone loved the design and the striking black and red thing the shoes have going (well, the shoes sent to me were black and red).Finally, they seem to be very durable. I've had these sneakers a few weeks now, wear them all the time, and they still look good and aren't showing any signs of wear and tear.Negatives?  None, really.  Due to their lightness, they're maybe not the warmest footwear when it's very cold outside, but that's a quibble.  If I wear them in all but the coldest weather, things are fine.So, yeah, great product.  Don't hesitate to buy these sneakers if they're at all catching your interest.
B0058XGLKC Just happened up on them. My wife and I were shopping around in Ross and I saw these on the shelf. Pumas were very popular when I was in Jr.High school. So they kinda jumped out at me. The white with the silver stripe. My plan was to start my running up again, so I purchased them. Considerably less than on the Amazon.com sight. But anyway, I tested them out yesterday and they were amazing. Plenty of cushion and spring. I only did a mile, but it's been a couple of years since I've hit the pavement. No real bad pains the next day. Just the normal feel of tightened leg muscles after starting again after a long layoff. Good shoes.
B0058XGLKC 2nd pair of these! I can't say enough about these shoes! This is my second pair and they are amazing. I run about 20-30 miles a week and do cross-training and plyometrics about 5 days a week. These shoes have a wide stance and the fit is wide as well. I have wide feet so, shopping for shoes is usually a pain. I have thought about buying like 10 pairs and just wearing them for the next 5 years..just in case PUMA stops making them!
B0058XGLKC LOVE them These shoes are great. I got them because I love the color and Pumas but when they arrived I fell in love with them. I use them for anything... they are comfortable enough to wear around the house, running and even hiking. I am very active and they have held together great. I will buy another pair when these are all done
B0058XGLKC 2nd pair and love them These xtraining shoes are one of my favorites.  It's too bad these are getting harder to find in a decent color combo in a size ten.  any how i have no complaints.  It's my second pair within the year.  these are light weight, wide enough for my feet, and take about a few days to break-in.
B0058XGLKC Awesome, Comfortable Shoes I'm not an expert in running shoes or sneakers/trainers, but I'm pretty active and love going for bike rides/walks/light hikes/jogs. The first thing I noticed about these shoes after putting them on is how light they are. They fit very snugly and provide some decent support, while simultaneously being comfortable and easy to wear. They breathe very well, and don't feel heavy on your foot. As I lift my heel off of the ground, I'm really surprised at how comfortably they stick to my foot. I don't think I've had a pair of shoes that fit so well.These shoes also seem to be fairly durable, although I haven't had them for a long-term assessment yet. I've worn them a lot over the past few weeks and the shoes show no sign of wear yet - other than some caked on mud from a spring hike last weekend!The design on this pair of shoes is not subtle, but it's pretty cool if you don't mind a little flash. My pair is black with red on the heel, and everyone who has seen them seem to think they're cool.I don't really have anything negative to say about these shoes - I will update this review if I find something out!
B0058XGUJ4 great I've had a lot of the Voltaic shoes.  They're always very comfortable and I enjoy getting the new pair each year.
B0058XGUJ4 FANTASTIC!!!!!!!! I have never owned a pair of Pumas and I am elated by this tennis shoe as to the comfort of the mesh and the soles are so soft and comfortable yet firm. They massage your feet when you walk I am very satisfied and now I see why Serena Williams wore puma for so long. Thank you and I will continue to use Amazon for future purchases.
B0058XGWOC Unconfortable I love pumas but this pair is so unconfortable~! Would not recommend buying unless you are planning on cutting inside the shoe where you see the pink because it cut my skin so bad!
B0058XGWOC Stuck with a pair that just don't fit I am completely dissatisfied with this product. I made an attempt to get the information necessary to return the item and have had no success
B0058XGWOC So comfy! I got these to replace the slip on pumas i already had owned and I love the fabric on these they are more durable than the canvas ones! the color is great I can't wait to bust these out for summer!
B0058XGZ94 Geat Item  Great Price The shipment of these were so fast. The item is exactly what I wanted. They are a great sneaker comfy and true to size
B0058XGZ94 Love These! I love Puma! I ordered these to replace a discontinued pair that I owned and wore out - these are comfortable and great looking.
B0058XH1F6 ehh These are really cute shoes I got the black in 8.5 only problem is that they cut into the back of your heel where that strap is, also my toes go right to the tip of the shoe but theres an inch left on the back, so idk maybe the straps were put on wrong on the pair i got. really cut and apart from them cutting into your foot if you cover it up with tape or something theyre pretty comfy
B0058XH4L2 Great shoes, versatile for many occasions. Love these shoes. This is my 2nd pair. The second pair I went up a 1/2 size and found them to be more comfortable.
B0058XH4L2 love them! Due to annoying blisters, bunyons, high arch and instep, etc I have become so finicky about what shoes I wear daily.  Sneakers even are often uncomfortable by mid-day, and never mind any kind of flat shoe that I can wear around with black pants or nice jeans.  So when I had seen a friend with these they looked great and I took a chance on a pair for myself. I was sure I'd have blisters the first day but I didn't - I wore them for hours and still felt very comfortable in them. I will definitely buy another pair!
B0058XH4L2 Loving my Puma! I love this little pair of shoes.  You can wear them with slacks or sweats...either way pulling of a stylish look.  There were true to size for me despite being skeptical of ordering European sizes online.  A great addition to my wardrobe.
B0058XH4L2 Luv them.... This is my second pair and I love them just as much as the first pair...comfortable, well made and they wear very well. I'm sure I will be adding some summer colors to my collection.
B0058XH4L2 Cute and comfy This is my second pair of these Pumas since I wore out my first pair.  Casual enough to work with jeans and leggings, but also cute enough for slightly dressier occasions.  They have become my &#34;go to&#34; shoe.
B0058XH4L2 On my third pair!! I was so glad to find these shoes through Amazon. I had previously ordered two pairs from Zappos but they don't carry them anymore. These shoes are wonderful. You probably wouldn't want to go hiking in them, but they are very comfortable for daily wear. The shoe has a low vamp which gives it a very elegant look.
B0058XH4L2 Colors Colors Colors Another pair for my Zandy collection. It's comfortable, stylish and goes with any wardrobe. I always get a great comment with a pair of Zandy on my my feet.
B0058XH4L2 LOVE! I have these shoes in three colors, and wore the first pair around Europe with no problems.  Great shoes!  Super cute sporty/sassy look!
B0058XH4L2 Super comfortable! I commute in DC and I always keep these shoes with me so I can slip out of my heels and into a pair of flats. Definitely recommend!
B0058XH4L2 Shoes these shoes are so comfortableI put then on as so as I got them and so comfortableRight out of the box. thinking of ordering another pair.
B0058XH4L2 Perfect Shoe! Had a pair previously, but accidentally wore them while washing the car.  Due to water damage they were ruined, but I still wore them anyway.  Love the new pair since they fit right and look good with everything.
B0058XH4L2 Most comfortable flat ever! Several of my teaching colleagues recommended this shoe to me.  It is stylish, and it looked like it would be comfortable.  I came home and read through many Amazon reviews.  I bought my first pair, then a second. Next came the third and fourth pair in rapid succession. The limestone gray and blue pair is my fifth Zandy.One pair for each day of the week! They are everything and more.  There is not any break-in period, and the fit is true. I wear 7M, and it fits like a true 7M.  The biggest problem is getting the color that I prefer in my size. Worth every penny if you are standing on your feet most of the day.  The Zandy compliments slacks, jeans, casual skirts. Even shorts.  To me, it is a perfect little flat.
B0058XH4L2 Love these flats! This is my second pair of Zandy Mesh WN Shoe. The first pair I bought are solid black. They are very solid yet the leather is supple enough that it just hugs your foot. I had to get a second pair because I wear the black ones every day. At first I only wore them with skinny jeans or leggings.  Then I liked how they looked with a skirt. After a short time, I'd forget to take them off. Now I wear them instead of slippers. You feet breather in them and they feel like a second skin, but they are more comfortable and versatile than slippers because I can run out and get the mail or run to the store and I always look stylish. I love the color of these and they are just as comfortable as the first pair. The price is great for the superb quality. Everyone has to own these flats. Beware, however, wearing them is addictive and you get spoiled because no other shoe feels as comfortable!
B0058XH4L2 Great fit I have five pair of these shoes.  I still want more in different colors.  I had to return one pair because the color stated red however, it was pink.  No problem with returns on amazon.
B0058XH4L2 Love these shoes!!!! The most comfortable shoe I own!!! This is the second pair and I can't rave enought about how well made and cute these are!!!
B0058XH4L2 Perfect casual shoe that looks good, too! Replacing a second pair I wore out. Love the casual style with pants and skirts! I  would definitely order again!
B0058XH4SA Excellent pair of running shoes! This will be my second pair of Puma FAAS 550 Shoe - love the fit and comfort! I would certainly order the again.
B0058XH4SA Fits perfect. I have been in the footwear industry for years, and for my foot, these are the best fitting shoes I have ever worn. I purchased three more pairs just in case they ever stop making the shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Very Happy Most comfortable pair of shoes that I own! Love the bright colors, exactly what I ordered, very happy with the order
B0058XH5D4 Puma This is my 3rd set of Puma Voltaic shoes that I have bought for my wife and they are just a nice as the first pair I bought.  Great quality, perfect fit, nice and light.  She loves them!
B0058XH5D4 A comfortable as can be. Love the feel, love the secure fit, love the look. I'm going to order another pair or two. The new colors are perfect for the spring .
B0058XH5D4 Love the shoes.  Very Happy. Would certainly order again.  This is the third pair of puma shoes she has had and she likes them very much.
B0058XH5D4 I love my new Puma's. I got these for a great price at Amazon! I positively love My new Puma's. They are so comfortable. They keep my feet sooo warm on cold days. I actually forget I have them on.
B0058XH5D4 Speedy delivery the colors are a little miss leading but I'm glad that I purchased this pair. I know If I hadn't bought it then I would be dreaming about them later. Amazing price for great support and quality.If only I could get the pulled seams to disappear, no thanks to my cats claws... So, a tip for cat owners... Hide these shoes!! Otherwise the front mesh will be their favorite new toy :( hahaha
B0058XH5D4 Fantastic, Great quality, on time! This was my first time ordering anything from Amazon.com so i was a bit skeptical, but I am happy to report that my first experience was a good one! The shoes came on the exact day as promised (i opted for the 2 day shipping for an extra $6), and they were nicely wrapped in a discreet box. The shoes themselves even came in a cute Puma bag which I now use to carry my shoes to and from the gym. The shoes are excellent quality and look exactly as pictured on the site. They are very well made and the pink/ purple coloring is vibrant and made from authentic leather and suede (purple = leather, pink= suede) I have received numerous compliments on them.**Word to wise- DO read comments and reviews on all products before purchasing anything on amazon.com. Different products come from different senders so it is well worth your time and effort to make sure you are receiving a product from a reputable source. As for these shoes, I couldn't be happier and would deal with this sender anytime and plan to again in the future. Enjoy your pink Puma's ladies ! :)
B0058XH5D4 Love these shoes So comfortable and chick. They look amazing. I love puma. Highly recommend it. I own the black ones and I am planning to get more colors.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes I love Puma running shoes. The last pair I had lasted me much longer than any other pair of gym shoes I have owned and they are very comfortable. The only thing I don't care for is there is no tab on the back of th shoes to make it easier to pull on like my old pair of Voltaics have.
B0058XH5D4 love these shoes! Been wearing these shoes at the gym for a week and I love them! Just as described online and got them pretty quickly.
B0058XH5D4 COMFY!!!! Love Love these shoes I also ordered the blue ones I love both pairs they are so comfortable!!!!! I would so recomend these shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0058XH5D4 comfy shoes I absolutely love these shoes and they were only $50 and very comfortable.  bad thing is i only had them a few months and left them in a hotel after a business trip and were never turned in.  i really would love another pair but can't find them.
B0058XH5D4 Most comfortable sneaker EVER!! I LOVED these sneakers! I work out 3-4 times a week and do A LOT of Zumba! These sneakers hugged my feet and helped with my shin splints. It felt like pillows around my feet. I like the &#34;no tongue&#34; feature too. I swore I would never buy another pair of sneakers again! I wanted to buy 4 pairs of them and have them as back up. I think that in my case..I wear them out. I do so much Zumba and Boot Camp that maybe its my fault that a hole started to open on the side of the shoe where my pinky toe is....Also, this is the second pair of PUMA's that this has happened too for me....so maybe I should be writing to them!All in all, this is seriously the best sneaker and I will be buying another pair..just maybe NOT for working out..as much as I do....
B0058XH5D4 great colors I purchased this pair when they were deal of the day, and i have received so many compliments. They are awesome shoes, great price and colors :)
B0058XH5D4 Disappointed I thought for the price and appearance these would be great shoes for the gym.  They're the worst shoes I've ever tried to put on my feet.  The tongue is sewn in.  I have high arches, so trying to put them on was awful because they don't give at all.  I bought 2 pair and they're both going back.
B0058XH5D4 100% satisfied shoes are comfy, exactly what i thought i was ordering, and i get so many compliments on them. bought them for work and it makes me sad to wear them to a germy hospital, im getting another pair in diff color NOT for work
B0058XH5D4 LOVE!!! I love these shoes!! THey are so comfortable and great for wearing all day long and working in them. The price was perfect also! I would recommend them to anyone that loves pumas and comfy shoes.
B0058XH5D4 i returned them... all i returned all of these in the box they came in and now they are stating that i kept one pair... this is an unfair company and i will report it... there is no need for me to keep something i absolutely hate!!!!! they are 1 size too large and very wide at the top and!!! and ugly too...
B0058XH5D4 not happy Not easy to slip on,  too wide in the toe area, looks weird!  This is my first pair of Puma's...I'd maybe try one more style but there's not anything to b desired about this style!
B0058XH5D4 Amazing! These sneakers are great. They are so comfortable and I love the colors. They were an awesome price and they arrived fast. I'm so happy I ordered them! Definitely worth it
B0058XH5D4 stylish Absolutely love these shoes. They're comfortable and I get so many compliments on them. I can't wait to get another pair! And I received them sooner than expected..thx Amazon.
B0058XH5D4 Fits like a glove! I always expect that online purchases of shoes can be a gamble because you never get to try them on until you receive them, but these shoes not only fit perfectly, they are one of my most comfortable pair of shoes. Love them! Fantastic price. Happy shopper right hear!
B0058XH5D4 PUMA'S I love the comfort of Puma's. They are great! They are not as wide as a normal tennis shoe, so  consider this before purchase. I am definitely having to break them in because of the width issue, but I still absolutely love them! Plus they come in smaller and larger than average sizes!
B0058XH5PM Love em! I absolutely love theses.  I may buy a second pair. I get compliments on these shoes all of the time.
B0058XH5PM As expected Great shoes. Very confortable and great quality. I owned a pair which they fulfill their time and I needed to get a new one. Awesome look and the most important thing, really easy to kick off to relax!!
B0058XH5PM Excellent fashion sneaker I swear I never liked any of my shoes like this one - it feels so comfortable and delivers an excellent fashion statement. Great great buy. I used to be a loyal Nike fan, but this one made me change my party. My next shoe purchase, very high chances will be another Puma.
B0058XH5PM Great shoes I bought these as a gift for my husband who loves slip on shoes that look like soccer shoes since he's obsessed with soccer. He is currently in school getting his MBA so he wanted something he could still walk comfortably all over campus in but will still look nice with a pair of slacks and tie. These fit the bill. My husband typically wears a 10 and we ordered a 10.5 which fit perfectly so I would suggest going up half a size.
B0058XH5PM Defective Shoe I have had Pumas before, and liked them very much.  When I saw these on Amazon, I decided to order them and give them a try.  (I normally do not order shoes online because of hassles dealing with sizing, fit and returning them.)When I recieved and tried them on, they fit perfectly, and I genuinely thought I purchased a quality pair of shoes online!  Yesterday though, through no fault of my own, the white stripings on the gray accent on the left shoe started to peel off!  It looks like white out tape was used to for white striping the way it's peeling off from the shoe. Oh and of course I ordered these shoes in September, and they start falling apart now so that I can't even return them for a new pair.I definately will not buy another pair of Pumas again because of what I think is poor craftmanship, and I most definately will never order shoes online again.Very dissapointed.
B0058XH5PM Shoes THese are exactly what he was expecting and he really loves these shoes. I will be buying another pair soon.
B0058XH5PM Great for my feet.... After multiple back surgeries I have great difficulty getting shoes I can live with. These suit me to a tee. Most excellent purchase. Also purchased the black version.
B0058XH5PM Super I love these sneakers,I had a pair 10 years ago and these are spot on, Really comfortable skids and I liove the look. They are a stylish casual sneaker for hanging out. Cant beat the price becuause these are made very well.
B0058XH5PM Well made, bought 5 pair Yes, I'm one of those guys that is super particular about shoes. I can't find ones that I like, I can't find ones that fit, the styles sucks. You name it. I found these Puma Tergaments and thought I'd buy a pair. Zappos had a fair price and I figured I'd take a shot. Love them. Put them through 5 weeks of outdoor wear and activity and they are like new. Durable, stylish and perfect fit. Super comfortable and lightweight.What else can I say? They look good with jeans and shorts and casual wear and beachwear. Totally rockin' shoes. I bought 5 pair and at this rate they'll last until 2016, and STILL be in style! Zappos is awesome and so are these shoes.
B0058XH5PM 2nd pair for my 28-year-old son He's a pro trainer and just loves these for lifting and conditioning workouts.  Great value, great look, great functionality.  PUMA makes a very reliable shoe.
B0058XH5PM nice pair of shoes I bought it as a gift , the shoes are really light and comfortable, so i bought a pair for myself
B0058XH5PM Wow! Quick Delivery! Love these shoes!!! I loved these shoes so much for their style and comfort, this is my second pair!!! I will definitely make another purchase from this company.
B0058XH5PM GREAT FOOTWARE I HAVE A DISABILITY WITH MY RIGHT FOOT AND I WAS SATISFIED WITH THE FACT THAT I FELT GOOD WARING THIS PAIR OF SNEAKERS.
B0058XH5PM Thank you, Amazon, for sending me pre-worn shoes Much to my surprise when I arrived at home from work, my shoes were waiting on my doorstep. I'd waited what had seemed forever to receive my new pair of shoes, considering the previous pair I had worn to work were failing me. I opened the box and what did I find? A pair of shoes that appeared to have been worn before! The soles were scuffed and off-white, and there were scuffs along the sides of them as well. I have certainly learned my lesson not to shop for shoes on Amazon from now on. What I had thought I paid for were a pair of brand new, CLEAN shoes, but had I known they were gently used, I'd have not paid full price. As a side note, the shoes fit well and are very comfortable, which is what I expect from PUMA. Thank you PUMA.
B0058XH854 Fab shoe Bought these to replace my trusty old runners and they are perfect for hitting back on the trail.  Love them!
B0058XH854 Tay First pair of Puma's and absolutely love them. Will highly recommend. I love the feel, looks, durability and price. Will purchase Puma's again.
B0058XHABG Special Great deal was struck and speed the arrival of the commodity and a very cool shoe I have asked for a pair of shoes last of my friends will not hesitate to buy them again
B0058XHCDM good shoe and even better price Love these shoes! Very comfortable... Nicely padded, true to size. Best pair of pumas that I own! I could honestly walk all day in them.... I would definitely reccomend these to anyone looking for a comfy stylish pair of sneakers
B0058XHCDM Love these sneakers!! These just arrived today! They are so cute and lightweight which is just what I wanted!  I may have to get a second pair for back-up!
B0058XHCDM Love Love Love Them!! I had been looking for a pair of shoes like these for months. So happy I found them. They are comfortable and versatile. I can wear them under jeans or black work pants. Very comfortable for the first moment I put them on. Will probably by another pair to keep as back up once I wear these one's out. Great buy!
B0058XHCDM Cute but get dirty after walking 3 feet No kidding, these things will attract dirt everywhere. I usually love white sneakers and I don't mind keeping them clean since obviously any white shoe is going to get dirty. But these shoe are different because they are suede on the tip which makes it extremely difficult to clean, as well as the fabric above the suede is very absorbent and also very difficult to remove dirt. These were comfortable and true to size for the most part, but I will be returning because I like white shoes, not dingy shoes.
B0058XHCDM Great shoe! I purchased these shoes to replace an old pair of Pumas that died on me after 8 years of wear. These shoes are better in person than the on-line picture can convey! Beautiful color. Cool nylon. Same puma foot-hugging comfort that I had come to know and love. Overall, definitely a worthwhile purchase.
B0058XHD86 My favorite flip flops I bought these to replace a very similar pair of Puma flip flops that I bought a few years ago.  I never liked to wear flip flops because the part that went between my toes would cause irritation.  These flip flops didn't do that at all.  The fabric was soft, yet durable and they felt comfortable right away.  I wore these flip flops frequently for 3 summers straight before they started to break down.  I was so happy that I was able to find the same ones to replace my old ones on Amazon.
B0058XHD86 Love them Very comfortable..so comfortable I bought a white pair.... I would recommend for sure...color matches just about everything... price was right and shipping was early...
B0058XHD86 SUPER COMFORTABLE DUE TO WIDE WIDTH! This is the first pair of flip flops I've ever purchased. I chose this pair and brand due to reading the reviews on many different pairs listed on Amazon. I've never worn them before because of the uncomfortable piece that goes between your toes. This pair has  a piece of soft fabric which is extremely comfortable. I have a very wide foot. The sizes listed are B for medium yet it is really more of a D width. Most of the reviews stated that this pair is very wide and that is why I purchased them. I am not disappointed. They run true to size. I'm a 9 1/2 and the 9.5 is perfect. They seem very sturdy and I'm sure my feet will be very happy this summer.
B0058XHD86 These are super comfortable and feel like you aren't even wearing anything I already had a pair that was grey and pink that I purchased at Farm n Fleet last summer. My pair from last year are still in really good shape even after wearing them most of last summer, but wanted another pair of a different color. I wear anywhere from a 7-8 size, but these fit perfect. The only thing I don't like about these is when I looked at my first pair there was no size indicated so I took a chance in ordering the 7.5 size, but it was perfect.
B0058XHD86 Great colors There no sanuk yet they are very comfortable.  They come in great colors.  I already own two pair and will definately get more.
B0058XHD86 So very comfortable! I purchased these just because they looked comfortable and they are already my favorite flip flops! They are really cute too. I am going to get some other colors because I love them so much. The thing that goes between your toes is really soft and easy to get used to even if you don't normally wear thong types. I already got a compliment on them too!Sorry I have to edit my review but the flip flops have started leaving the bottom of my feet black! Who wants to look like they have dirty feet! I really thought the more expensive flip flops would not do this! I bought a pair of mint color to solve the problem. Also took a star away!
B0058XHD86 second pair i bought my first pair of these sandals in rome this summer - my feet were KILLING me after walking around.  i have plantar faciitis, like most people nowadays, and these were the only shoes i could stand to wear the rest of the trip.  when i came home, i bought a second pair.  they mold to your feet, so after a lot of wearing, they get a bit squished, which is the only downside.  the straps are cushy, which is great - no plastic!
B0058XHD86 Very good product I bought these to replace an older pair that I had worn into the ground. The quality of this product is extraordinary. I had the last pair for atleast 10 yrs and they had gotten really dirty but were still usable.  I also bought a pair of the Bolt sandals beacuse I can truly say that I can trust the quality and reliability of Puma products
B0058XHD86 Puma Raspberry fip flops Stylish and comfortale to wear.Not so comfortalbe for a long walk.I like the syle and plan to buy another pair this spring.
B0058XHD86 Aging quickly I bought these for replace my nieces other pair.  The old pair was worn to shreds, but lasted about 4 years.  This pair is showing wear already and don't think they'll last past 2/3 of a summer. Very disappointed.
B0058XHEBM A very good pair of shoes Well, the raiting I personally chose is because I felt very satisfied with the product, it fit well and my purchase liked me so much. I recommend to buy in Amazon because everything is OK.
B0058XHEBM Great Shoes I love the Puma Roma's.  They have a great fit and feel, and great quality.  I'm on my second pair.
B0058XHEBM All White! My hubby needed a comfy shoe that was completely white for his nursing uniform.  Although shoes with laces aren't ideal for nursing, these are great for being on your feet many hours. Even the logo is all white which is exactly what he needed.
B0058XHEBM Love'em This is my second pair of these shoes - first pair I bought from a Puma store. This pair is no different. I love'em
B0058XHEBM Best one yet I love it well done.Good job puma I love you and we don't need to explain moor abut that shoes
B0058XHEBM Not the best pair of pumas I love Puma sneakers and frequently buy them in various styles.  I know my size and order the shoes online.  I like to switch up the specific 'models' of Pumas to avoid always having the same shoes, but I usually tend go for the white sneakers with a black stripe in alternate styles or shapes.The Romas were some of my least favorite.  They are more comfortable than most pumas and have a softer insole.  They run true to size which is larger than what Pumas run because usually they fit small.My beef with this shoe is the fact that I need my white shoes to stay clean. I take good care of the shoes and usually some warm water does the color well.  That said, this particular style is made of a different material than the usual synthetic leather.  The texture almost has a semi-suede feel to it and they just would NOT stay clean.  The material looked faded and off-white after just a few days, I was never able to get back that pearly white shine.Comfort, as mentioned above is good.  Size is little larger than usual.  But the fact that these shoes would not stay white made me decide that I don't wish to purchase these again --  there are plenty of other styles I will continue to explore.  My usual winners are the Puma G. Vila and the Drift Cat.  The Drift Cat are my favorite but may be too sleek and somewhat slim for some.  The G. Vila are the best casual everyday sneaker although they lack the fashionable look of the Drift Cat.  I just ordered the Redon slip-ons and am very excited.  They look like they have the fashionable appeal of the drift cat but are a slip on with a more unique color pattern.Hope my review helps those that like their white pumas crisp and clean.  Those people should stay away from the Roma.In all, Puma sneakers offer a casual comfortable shoe that is athletic in its general feel but can be pulled off with most outfits and look fashionable.Sign up for e-mails from the Amazon Watch, shoe and clothing department and you will receive 20% off your purchase...you're welcome!
B0058XHEBM Bought for the future Tried them on and they are the right size, they will be used for walking, I am in my 70's, and to keep this old body in shape, I walk every day.
B0058XHEBM review puma when I ordered this pair of sneakers I thought it was black.  I guess I didn't pay attention closely enough.  I still like it though.
B0058XHEBM great shoes! Love the shoes they are very comfortable if puma still makes them when these wear out ill buy another pair
B0058XHEBM Great shoes! Replaced a prior pair of Puma cross-trainers.  The new pair fit great, did not require a break-in period, and wore them all day long the day after they arrived.  I highly recommend these shoes for everyday wear.
B0058XHEBM Love It My favorite sneaker - comfortable, stylish, well made and pretty supportive. I've owned a pair (many different ones) for at least 8 years.
B0058XHEBM Puma's Sneakers that I bought I was very satisfied with my purchase and I intend to do more buying with Amazon. I received a lot of compliments about these shoes.
B0058XHEBM Great style - excellent fit This is my 3rd pair of Puma Roma Basic sneakers - Very comfortable walking shoes and great color combination options.
B0058XHEBM Classic Sneaker, Nothing Fancy Here I've been a fan of Puma sneakers for several years. Roma's are the classic style from Puma. This is not the first pair of Roma's I have owned, nor will it be the last. I find them to fit very comfortably. They are my everyday sneakers. While they're not going to blow anyone's mind in the sense of fashion, they are classic and can go with many casual outfits. I wouldn't recommend them for running or any strenuous activities, as they aren't really designed for that, and you're likely to end up with blisters. For instance, I once wore them during a pickup basketball game (kind of spur of the moment, wasn't prepared). Ended up with some nice blisters on my feet. But from normal use, I've never experienced any discomfort.Looking for a classic, timeless sneaker? The Puma Roma is very comfortable for everyday use and a recommended buy.
B0058XHGRE My new favorite sneaker. I was looking for a pair of flip flops when I stumbled upon this pair of pumas and could not pass.The style is very clean and classic.I really loved wasabi/white color it is unusual and fun but not too bright.The suede is really soft and insoles made of some cushioning material.Overall this is very comfortable shoe.I usually wear 9 or 9.5 but store did not have my size and I got 8.5 and it fits perfect with thin pair of socks.I would not recommend this shoe for someone with wide feet or if your toes are longer than big toe.
B0058XHN6I super cute & extremely uncomfortable returned first pair for a larger size, 2nd pair also returned because the shoe cut into the top portion of my foot by the toes.
B0058XHN6I Puma Diva This is my third pair of Puma shoes and I love them!  As a teacher that is on her feet all day, they are comfortable and attractive, too.  A basic tennis shoe in nature, the shoes are stylish and appealing.
B0058XHO94 Bring back memories. Going back to school 1986 was the first year I was able to purchase this shoes with my own money working that summer. Brings back great memories.
B0058XHQN8 Happy Feet I bought them for Zumba and just love them!!! Light wt. & good support. I plan to getting another pair soon.
B0058XHQN8 Awesome Shoes Very happy with these shoes.  I was looking for some new shoes to do Zumba in and these are great!  Received in a timely manner and am very happy with the product.  Would highly recommend doing business with them.
B0058XHSMC AH &lt;3 I saw these and just cried out "I HAVE TO HAVE!" The shipping was super quick, I was so glad. I giggled like a little girl! I was afraid that they would not fit because they are my first pair of Pumas and I didn't know how they sized things. Perfect....with socks. Also the canvas on it isn't as thick and sturdy as it appeared, but I still love them. I agree with the other review about the color not being correct. I bought a shirt to match that was rouge red and I compared it to the shoes. Not a match. That is what attracted me to the shoes too, I don't usually have red shoes and I wanted something different. But either way its a FANTASTIC pair of shoes to have.
B0058XHSMC Just OK Received the shoes quickly and were well packaged so high marks to the seller.  The shoes themselves were a slightly modified pair of Keds and lacked the style was hoping for.  Found the fabric to be very thin and many loose threads along the seams.  Will likely use them around the house.
B0058XHY3K Awesome! I really haven't worn Puma's since I was in High School... 1986!!!! Then I came across the PUMA GV Special. I ordered a pair a an awesome price and I have them on now! PUMA... I am back!
B0058XHY3K Great shoes! Great price! Very nice!
B0058XHY3K very cool....and comfy! Ok....so the first time I wear these to the grocery store...a random guy asks me where I got them...these are that cool!  Also...I usually wear orthotics in my shoes....they wouldn't fit...but oddly enough I don't need them.  They are super comfy!  One last thing...I own MANY puma sneaks...but these are up there as one of my fav...next to a purple pr that I have.
B0058XIG3W My blue swade shoes I used to wear very similar shoes in high school back in the early seventies. I was surprised to find that they were being made it again. I loved mine then, and I'm very happy with my purchase 40+ years later.
B0058XIVRS beatiful beatiful shoes, price and cuality  in one par of this shoes, love it. 100% recomendedthe combination of the colors is perfect
B0058XIVRS Puma Running Shoe Feels quite light and slightly big. I guess that's because it was just seen online and bought without being able to try on the pair.
B0058XIVRS Great service I love the shoes!! Shipment Arrived on time! Good service. Really comfortable! Love the red and design of the shoe!
B0058XIVRS Great Shoes I haven't bought a new pair of shoes in a while. I read the reviews and decided to order a 1/2 size smaller. I'm normally an 8 and ordered a 7.5, glad I did, they fit great.  So Comfy!  Someone else said they are like walking on a cloud, I would say that is pretty close to true.
B0058XIVRS Great shoes! Very cute sneakers. The design is beautiful and eye catching. I got the dark shadow/Aqua/White and they look stylish and trendy. They are extremely lightweight and they're very confortable. Great for power walks. Easy to put on and take off. I also love the velcro strap for easy closure. I find they're true to size. Great quality. I'm very happy with my purchase. I would definitely recommend.
B0058XJ9VK Love love love!!! The white sneakers are great for my lifestyle! I'm a Mom of two ( a toddler and a newborn) and its great to just slip these shoes on and head out to the store or to go to the park with the kids. And do I need to mention they look adorable!? I was also pleased with Amazon's fast shipping as well! We are military and live in Japan, and I ended up getting the shoes a week before Amazon said they would get here!!!
B0058XJH3U Durable, quick and long lasting This is my third pair of these (different colors...) and they are my favorite. Been thru Nike and New Balance, but these are the best I've found. After 5 back surgeries, I can't run, but I can sure walk! Switching to the Puma's from Nike's took my mile time down from 14:15 to 13:45 consistently - never thought a shoe would make that much difference but it does. And my feet feel better after my ~ 5 mile trek. Great value too.
B0058XJJ88 Comfort, Comfort, Comfort I'm very flat footed, so it's difficult for me to find sneakers that are comfortable. Then I took a chance and bought my first pair from a local retailer and they were awesome. Due to material which allows air to flow freely, my feet did not get hot and sweaty after wearing them for long periods of time. Plus they're super light and fit perfectly. They're made for running but I am no runner. I use them when working out and doing errands.  I loved my first pair so much, I told a friend who decided to get a pair and she loved them too. I tried to purchase a second pair where I got my first but they were no longer available in my size. I decided to search for them which led me here. I'm so happy with them, I'm thinking about getting a third pair.  If you're looking for light weight and extremely comfortable athletic shoes, these are absolutely the way to go.
B0058XJJ88 Love them! 2nd pair - love them!  No support but good for kick around. Would not use for exercise.  Would buy again.
B0058XJJ88 light and comfy I bought my second pair of these I liked the first so much.  Great fit for a narrow foot, cool and breathable for summer walking.  I walk four miles a day in these (to and from work) and they are very comfy.  THey don't have a lot of structure, so they conform well to your foot.  I could imagine running in them, if I get back into that (ran a lot before kids).  Only problem is that sole is thin, and heavy use is wearing it through, that's why I got another pair.  But I think that is going to happen any time you have such a thin sole.
B0058XJJ88 Almost perfect I have an OLD pair of Adidas mesh sneakers that are disintegrating because I could not find another pair like them. These are the closest I've ever come. I like to be barefoot, I hate normal sneakers with their bulky padded collars and thick soles. These are super light weight, with very thin soles, and very attractive. My size 11 feet don't look like canoes in them. These are much better than the Merrill barefoot series which have very stiff soles. If you dream of walkin, running barefoot around town then these are for you. I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5 because the first time I wore them I slipped on my wet deck and landed on my ass, the soles are too smooth but I still love them just be careful on wet wood in the rain.
B0058XJJ88 Very narrow but cute These were a crazy good price so I bought them. They fit kind of funky, I had a pink pair of pumas before but these are different.  I don't really care for them.  They are very breathable tho!
B0058XJJ88 awesome little running shoe I love, LOVE these! Light and comfortable. Conform to the latest thinking about running shoes, that less is more. They also travel well and look great with skinny jeans.Ok, they're white so they're gonna get dirty...so, I've accumulated three pairs! One pair that stays clean, another pair that I run in and a third pair that gets dirty at the dog park! I actually washed one pair in the washing machine multiple times and they've held up pretty well (just remove the inner sole and throw that in separately). Every time I see them marked down, I grab a pair!
B0058XJJ88 The best light women's sneakers These are my favorite sneakers. I have purchased them because I've used another pair, and there became worn out. I could not find this model in stores, so I consider myself lucky to find the pair in my size and the color I like on Amazon.
B0058XJKSM A must have I have been using Puma leather flip flops for the last eight years (everyday at home) . This item is great for indoor and outdoor use. Has a GREAT quality. This one that has Ferrari sign is in double in price compare to the other ones (not availabke now) I used to get, but still worth every penny I have paid for it. My son uses those as well. Those are men's flip flops. I'm a women, I just order size 7 in men's to accomidate women' size 8.5. I won't be wearing them outside as the Ferrari sign makes it manlier.
B0058XJSEI generally good! This is my first time to buy shoes on amazon, it's really a pair of beautiful shoes. The color is bright and the weight is very light. The only drawback is that my heels are a little rubbed by the shoes since the back of the shoes is a liitle high. Anyway, it's a wonderful choice!
B0058XJSEI love it I'm not an expert in sneakers or this type of footwear, but I really love these sneakers. These are the first ones that I've worn as a regular shoes as well as workout shoes. Worth it.
B0058XJSEI Not same as at the Puma store I love my Puma Faas300 shoe. I purchased a pair at the Puma store and was so happy that I decided on a second pair. The pair that came from my online order seem to be a scaled down version of the original. The tongue is not padded, and the heel is not as padded as my original. Also, the mesh and decorative dotted area are not the same quality. I shall keep the shoes because they fit, but probably won't buy them online again.
B0058XKRM0 Second Pair This was my second pair of the Puma Osuran, and I like the color scheme for these. They aren't bright white, which I hate white sneakers. The color is accurate in the picture as far as the sole goes. The other pair I got were from a discount shoe store, and I paid just slightly less than this amazon seller. This pair were slightly more narrow, but I'm not sure if that's because they were completely new and the other pair had been tried on a million times. I am satisfied with the fit and comfort. These are my work shoes, I work in healthcare and spend 12+ hours on my feet and these shoes are always comfortable.
B0058XKSCY too bad I was excited about them until I wore them for 5 minutes. There was a defect where the insole was glued too high on the outside edge of one of the shoes and it was immediately uncomfortable. I do like the way they look but am returning them.
B0058XKSCY Really cute on! I was looking for black and purple sneakers and I figured on spending $60-$80. I saw these for $38.50, delivery included. I was sceptical because of the price, but couldn't find anything I liked under $100 and decided to try them. I'm happy I did. They look cuter on than in the pic! They are very light and comfortable. They are supportive but not for a runner. I still might put in a pair of arch supports, but I have high arches so don't be scared off by that. They are well ventilated. Part of the uppers is a sturdy mesh material. I like them very much.
B0058XLB5W Puma Ballet Flats These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. Really cute too.  I bought the black ones too.  The black ones are great for office or just casual.  Great shoes.
B0058XLB5W Great Puma womens Lily lace shoes The shoes were great for the price I got on sale. The shoes are thin but the soles is comfortable and decent.
B0058XLB5W Bought it as a gift the girl who got this pair of shoes loved it.  they are cute.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.thanks
B0058XLB5W Nice summer shoes I ordered the Rouge Red but the real colour was actually more like light pink. It's a pretty nice summer shoes and very light because the pink part is actually just a thin layer of plastic, whereas the front and back end (the grey part) are made of leather, which are not so obvious if you are just looking from the website. It certainly is different from what I thought but I think I am keeping it just because I think it'll make a good pair of summer shoes. The soles are thick but doesn't really absorb the sweat. I think I may need to buy some shoe soles just so they wouldn't turned out to be stinky and wet because I tend to sweat a lot. One thing I like is that at the back of the shoes there are actually a nice arch sticking out to prevent them from falling off. I think it's a nice design. The thread they use to put these shoes together are more like fishing lines made of plastic and after a day's walking they kind of rubbed my feet, especially on the edge of the back so I had to put some small bandages on my heels.Size-wise, I usually wear size 8 but thanks to their sizing chart which contains a cementer so I was able to get a better measurement and realized I need to order half a size larger.To be honest, I was debating with myself between these shoes and another pair of red Vans shoes but I ended up choosing these ones. I wonder if I would be better off choosing the other pairs but I am too lazy to return them even though Amazon has free returns.They are cute shoes that go with skirts and jeans though. I think I am a little pickier than most people I've met with shoes because I don't believe in break-in periods, but I guess I may need to adjust a little of my standard this time for the fishing line rubbing my heels this time!
B0058ZYXFA I love them I liked them so much that I ordered 2 pair! The second pair I am giving to my son for Christmas.
B0058ZYXFA Nice pair of shoes Pro: well made pair of shoes at a great price. I highly recommend.I usually buy myshoes at Kohl's but quality wasn't there. These shoes are made well and are comfortable.
B0058ZYXFA PUMA Love! I bought these for a friend who needed a pair of sneakers. The shoes are comfortable and they are a great price for the quality sneaker that you receive. The picture is a lot darker than the actual shoe.
B005901IP2 Poor product design Within a few weeks, the leather upper had pulled away from the rubber sole of the shoe along the toe of the shoes. I used Shoe-Goo to repair this, and it worked well (now there is a 5-star rated product). Love the shoe, disapointed in the quality. These are the first Puma's I've purchased, and I will think twice before I buy another pair.
B005901UOG Nice! Puma and Adidas are two German shoe companies started by competing brothers in the '40s. Puma is much less well known here in the US but just as famous in Germany.This is a very nice shoe. Two things to look for in these cross trainers are weight and cushioning (all other things such as being equal). This is because the heavier the shoe the more weight you have to carry, and cushioning equates to comfort.First, this pair of shoes comes in an eco-friendly no box package. To save paper, the shoes come in a bag. The sole is about an inch thick in the back and tapers to the front, it's quite comfortable and provides quite a bit of cushioning and support. Because the uppers is mostly made out of mesh and is quite light. Overall, it's quite comfortable and feels good. At the current price, it's not a bad deal.
B005901UOG Average I would give these shoes 2.5 stars. I love the look but it's not the most comfortable workout shoe. Heel cushion was stiffer than what I'm used to. I work out 5 days a week so it wouldn't work for me. If you were just looking for a pair to wear once in a while I think these would work. I had to return them.
B005904BRE great sneaker for insanity! I started out using Reebok freestone for insanity...no support for the amount of movement that I was doing. Don't get me wrong they are great sneakers ...but I needed a great pair of cross-trainers...Pumagility cross-trainers are excellent. Extremely comfortable and nice looking. I got the dark grey/lime green and purple pair. I'd definitely buy them again.
B00591BYFK Puma Men's Cell Turin Perf This is my second pair. I bought the first pair at finish line and fell in love with them. When I saw this pair I had to get them. They are very very comfortable for every day use.
B00591DBEW Love it Shoes look exactly as displayed and fits perfect. Stylish pair of shoes and feels great especial for the price offered, should of bout a second pair.
B00593G5NO Love these!!! As soon as I put these on the first time, I immediately regretted not buying more than one pair at the Black Friday sale price. These are SO NICE and comfy!! excellent quality material, and though I've only washed them once so far, they seem to be very well made.Sizing: I wear a plus size (usually size 16), and I'm also kind of short (5'3"), so I was a little concerned about the XL being too small as some top brands sometimes run, or too long for me to wear since there was no info I could find about the inseem. But they fit great! Sure, they are a bit long, and don't end at my ankles like the model in the photo, but the way they are cut is perfect so that even if you're a bit shorter than average, they fit nicely with shoes on and don't trail around on the floor, or require hemming.I highly recommend this product. Would buy it again for sure.
B00593IQ9A Great workout capri I ordered a small even though I generally wear a size 6 in pants. They fit perfectly, so if you want to order a pair, keep that in mind. I think I used Puma's sizing guide to help me out on that one. I love these pants; they stay put and hide any kind of sweaty situations that might happen. They're great for Zumba, too; the bright colours are great for a little bit of attitude. These are probably my favourite workout pants.
B00594CZLO Perfect casual shoe! First I bought this style in white canvas with the white leather "strap" over the front and my husband loved them!  He wore them into oblivion and I bought a new pair to replace them, and noticed they came in other great textures and colors.  Now he loves the corduroy ones too - they are comfy, and handsome!  I'm trying to convince my father-in-law to get a pair too.  Terrific!
B00594CZLO Comfortable and durable This a repurchase of the same shoe due to my opinion of the first pair. Unfortunately, they are now discontinued.
B00594CZLO excelent Very good product. i think that it was going to be a cheap item but i was surprised by the quality
B00594DEB4 Puma sneakers I had bought my granddaughter a pair of Pumas last year and she wore them out. She liked them so much I bought this pair for her birthday this year. I think they run small so I had to return the first pair and get a larger size. They were exactly as shown in the picture and she really likes this style. She is very pleased with them and I will probably continue to buy similar styles for her in the future.
B00594DEB4 problem this product This problem with the product, to get my hands I noticed a ER11 shoes and a size 8. therefore we recommend to the produros futtalle buyers see clearly the details of the product.It is very important to know each other according to their policies youmust rejoin the cost for shipping the product from Venezuela to the U.S.,as we know was a mistake on your part to meet the purchase and not have theavailability of the product, in my judgment this amount of 394.89 dollarsor 91.8 bsf be repaid on your part, I repeat the mistake was yours. mustunderstand that my person is paying high costs for paying shipping.
B00594DXK6 unbelieveable pair of boots this boots are so awseom my uncle who also loves Puma, had to get a pair for himself. great transaction as well.
B00594E6ES Great show! I have another pair similar and I love the shoe! I am sure once I bust out of these shoes I will be back here shopping for a new pair!
B00594EBKC A MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yes i know some of you might think that this product might be over priced for a pair of runners, but boy do they last, and feel GREAT!! i wear them to the gym every day, and they do not wear out, keep in mind i am not waering them in daily life, but ONLY gym. But still they feel so great and no strings and look fantastic!! love love love them! they came so fast and were in PERFECT shape!! A MUST BUY!!
B00594EP1M my new favourite shoes These shoes are perfect: a sporty, modern and oh-so-comfortable twist on the classic T-bar mary-jane.The black ones are smart enough for me to wear to work both to work, and I have had compliments on them from other female colleagues who value practical and cute footwear.They are flattering, immediately comfortable, light but supportive, great for walking, and as there's a bit of ventilation in the sides, they don't make my feet sweat uncontrollably unlike other synthetically lined shoes. The sizing is true. I just wish I could get a pair in red in my size as well! I am contemplating getting a pair in the blue. Highly recommended.
B00594EP1M Wonderful Puma Shoes Puma Women's Zandy Met Shoes are very comfortable.  I bought a pair through Amazon and I hope I can find them again.  I would like to buy at least two more pairs.  I would like them in black, red or blue, size 7.5 .
B00594F444 Perfect for business casual! I bought a pair of these in a different color and liked them so much, I bought the pair in the black shimmer. I work in an office with heavy filing so I am constantly up and down and on my feet, therefore I like to wear flats.  I was having a problem finding flats that have a good insole until I found these.  They work great with dress pants and casual khaki type pants, making them perfect for a business casual office.
B00594F444 Comfort and style These are some of the most comfortable shoes I own.  I wish they were in a heavier leather so that I could wear them during the cold weather season but they are a little too light weight for that.  I like the elastic across the top which gives them a little more of a supportive feel.  The grey shimmer is a great neutral and stylish look.  Love them and will be looking for another pair when I can get them (my first pair was in the white with pink accents but I purchased those at DSW on clearance)!  I don't think Puma still makes them now but they should...
B00594FHRI Top Quality As Usual From Puma Top Quality As Usual From Puma. I'm buying three more pair. One pair in each color that they make. These are one of the most comfortable, pair of sneakers that I have ever owned. True to size, and excellent fit.
B00594FOCG I think flip flops are heavier. One of the most comfortable shoes I've worn to date. I'm seriously considering getting a second pair cause the ones I have have been in full rotation.
B00594FPSO Comfortable and Cheap I've bought two pairs of these sneakers over the past two years in different colors. They are cheap and comfy but they do fall apart fast, guess you get what you pay for....
B00595HUJA Third pair of the same shoe cant beat the style and price. I wear these every day and the suede holds up well. Highly recommended for the fashion conscious guy
B00595JAYI Not that he ordered I ordered the Black / Black, 5.5 B US / 7 D US, and the figure was 6.5 US .Tsvet PUMA should be black - in the resulting product is white. This product does not comply with my request
B00595JJXA Nice Great looking comfortable shoes. Gets dirty easily, but overall worth having a pair . Good value for the price .
B00595JO44 Puma Arrived on time. Great product! The colors blue and white go well with any type of outfit in my closet.
B00595JOOY subquality workmanship I bought these shoes from Puma store. They looked terrifc in the store. Was very excited to wear them. But it was hurting at few points in the left foot. I also noticed that the shoes were not very symmetrical. I thought that I will give them some time, to adjust to my feet. Anyways, after few days I couldn't wear them at all.Went back to the store. They initially refused to replace the shoes with exact same exchange. Later, the store manager agreed to exchange, as the previous shoes were just useless for me. Kudos for thier customer service.Now the new pair is also showing the same pain and asymmetry at some points. Either the shoe is sub-par on workmanship, or there is some problem with my feet.Puma is a good brand otherwise.
B00595JOOY Awesome shoe! This is my second pair of Puma Vedano fashion sneakers and I love them.  They are very sporty, fashionable,  and fits like a glove.
B00595JOOY I like them They fit well, seem to be decent quality, and give good feel while driving. If the price hadn't spiked right after my purchase I would buy a second pair.
B00595JOOY Great once broken in I got these for my husband in size 13. These are leather so keep in mind that they are a little snug at first but they break in well and my husband says they are the most comfortable shoe he has worn. They look nice enough to wear with something dressy and look good with a pair of jeans too.
B00595JOOY Puma Men's Vedano-I should have bought both brown and black.....now look at the price) I live in the West Indies where our tropical climate allows the ease of wearing loafers long-term; so a good, exclusive as you can kits are a requirement. This model in my view is one of Puma's classiest efforts that's got the perfect taper. I have very narrow feet and the width (my only issue) was a challenge even when tabs were fully drawn up. If I have to wear some extra socks I will 'cause I'm otherwise really loving this shoe/sneaker/loafer. Have you seen the new price for the black?Clifford
B00595JOOY Puma Vedano - Cool Shoe at a Cool Price The reason for the purchase was simple...it a great looking fashion sneaker. I had already purchased the black and wanted the brown.
B00595JOOY Expect to buy another pair These are a great buy for me. Suprised how good they look, The price did the trick.Hope the thin soles last
B00595JOOY Kool fashion sneaker. I wanted to get a new pair of shoes that were both comfortable and stylish enough that it might attract a few looks. Paired with jeans, these really add a sense of style/creativity and also gave me the comfort that I was looking for.
B00595JOOY Comfort and Professional - Love these shoes Love these shoes.  Have the black, brown, and now this steel grey version.  Comfort of sneakers and nice enough to pass as dress shoes in a professional/office setting.
B00595JOOY Great shoes, not as durable as I thought. First time I've owned a pair of PUMA's and I do love them. My only complaint is the fact that weather conditions will ruin the shoes faster than anything else. Obviously the dumbest idea is to wear these shoes outside in the ice and snow, but if you're looking for shoes that will last a full days wear, try to explore other options first.
B00595JOOY PUMA Men's Vedano Leather Fashion Sneaker,Black/Black/Ribbon Red,8.5US/ D... Puma shoe comfort and pleasing to the eye and touch of excellent quality and durability, adjusted exactly as requested, I highly recommend it to any user, can be used casually as a sports
B00595JOOY had to return, I wish i hadn't I purchased this shoe for my nephew as a birthday gift. he had already tried it on locally at a store in Boston. it is considerable less expensive on line. when I received them and gave them to him the pair from mail order was too thin for his foot. it's odd to me due to it's looking like a completely mechanized construction. back they went. I brought him out and tried them on back where he originally found them and they fit him great. purchased locally.
B00595JOOY Super comfortable There is maybe no much to tell about a pair of shoes, but these ones have exceeded my expectations. I was a little afraid of purchasing shoes online because of the sizing problem. However, they fit exactly as they should. I always wear size 11 and that's the size I ordered and it didn't disappoint. The style looks semi-formal meaning you can almost wear them for almost every ocassion. I have received various compliments already and have only used them a few times. They look awesome with jeans and casual pants too. They are decently wide in case you have a wide foot (like me).I was amazed with the confort, they almost feel like wearing a pair of Crocs.I'd definitely be trying more Puma shoes. I also bought these pair and I'd give it a 5 star too, The only difference is that they look more Sporty...B00B9ZDYBW
B00595JOOY Awful Shoe Myself and my boyfriend are very big fans of Puma, however this particular style of shoe was the worst purchase ever made. He wore it for few months (2-3) and the leather started cracking and wrinkling, he end up returning it. The store exchanged it for same pair. But it did same thing, except this one managed to get a hole in the sole. DO NOT invest money into this particular shoe. It will turn your socks black, wrinkle, rip and will become waste of money. I suggest getting a different kind of Puma. This one was a total fail. 2 pairs and both ended up awfully.
B00595JOOY Best for walking I bought this one two years ago and wana buy new one for my next two years .. LOLI loved it it really fit my foot
B00595JOOY Design The design is what attracted me to this shoe. It fits a little tight, but, I believe they will adjust to my foot since they are leather. Wore a pair for the first time to a show and by evenings end they felt just fine. So after a while they should be o.k. They are the best looking sneakers on the market in my opinion and I would recommend them to anyone who showed interest. I did get complemented twice the night of the show.
B00595JOOY sporty but yet casual very good comfortable puma shoes it can suit any occasion durable easy on your feet whole day great pair of shoes /sneakers
B00595JOOY Love the colour!!!!! It was the colour that the first drew me to this sneaker.I showed my husband who is a very big puma fan ( he has about 8 pairs already!)He was looking for a new pair that he could wear for more classy events.He was not disappointed when he opened the box or when he wore them a couple of nights later. A very comfortable fit.
B00595JOOY Great if you find the right size I bought these in 12 because I thought Puma's are slightly tighter than other shoes, but then when I received it, it still felt a little big. I managed to find 11.5's at the manufacturer's own online store, and bought a pair to try it out. Within a day, I bought a second &#34;backup&#34; pair, because they are so good and comfortable that I just wanted to have an extra pair for when this one wears out. I like its sleek design, sporty-yet-formal look, and have worn it to work every day since I got it. I enjoy wearing these shoes for driving as well, and gives a good heel-&-toe ability (depending on the driver's skill level) in my Abarth. I definitely recommend these to anyone.
B00599DBJO long lasting light shoe I use this flat as my regular running shoe and have over 400 miles on them so far, 60% trail, 40% road.  With about 50% of the tread worn away, I figure I have another 400 miles to go.  800 miles on a pair of shoes is awesome!  These are by far the longest lasting flats I've come across.  Within 300 miles, other brands and styles either wear down to the spike threads or the side walls get holes.  These show no signs of either happenning for a long time to come.  These also fit better and I get fewer blisters.  I plan to run the American River 50 mile endurance run with them, should be fine as I do most of my 20 mile runs with them. I just ordered another pair.
B00599E1GQ Nice Shoes They were accurately described, and arrived fast. They do run a slight bit smaller than actual shoe sizes, but overall I was happy with the product and price
B00599EKWQ PUMA Men's Complete Crossfox Cross-Country Shoe Very light weight, breathable, good support, and cushioned heel.  Recieved this pair and liked it so much I ordered another because it was such a good deal to save for later use.
B0059A04A2 better than the sabas These are better than the sabas in terms of fit and squishy bottoms, but still not quite as good as the older sabadellas.  The shiny ones are also a little weird, they have places that are almost quilted along the sides, where the summer models have mesh.they do the same thing that every pair of puma ballet flats does to me, where they rub my heels raw until they break in --  no worse or better than any pair of sabas, sabadellas, or esperas.the addition of breathing holes in the side of the shoes is nice though.
B0059BE484 Puma Drift Cat III White I ordered this product for my husband for Christmas.  It arrived today and I was so excited, that is until I opened the box.  These shoes have definitely been worn by someone.  There is a black mark on the tongue of the left shoe, I am guessing from someones fingers while trying to put it on.  Also on the left shoe mainly, there is a yellow tint/stain covering the top.  Both shoes have wrinkling on the sides, like you would see from daily wear.  I am EXTREMELY disappointed.  I now have to return this item and hopefully get something to replace this for my husband.  I have never had any issues with PUMA, and definitely did not expect this.  When I saw it would be from them, through Amazon, I felt assured I would receive an excellent product.  I would be careful when purchasing any product from Amazon and PUMA.
B0059BEE7U Perfect fit -- one year later they still look new great fit great design.  I have a V12 BENZ 6 speed -- OMG these shoes help me shift like a formula 1 driver  still look new and the rubber is like new after 12 months of driving 3xxx a week
B0059BEE7U GREAT SHOES!!! I own several pairs of Pumas and these are the new favorites.  True to size fit and people comment on them frequently.  The non traditional lacing placement is a real eye catcher.  Leather is soft and supple and requires practially no break in time... I am debating getting them in white as well.
B0059BG5J0 Great kicks. Though I don't much like their cars. Love these anti-Nikes. I first saw them in a Ferrari Store but after seeing them not in my size they would not agree to find my size and ship them. Clowns. Bad customer service training!So outside the store in Waikiki I ordered them here and while the first pair had a manudfacturing defect (I would have easily found in the store had they my size) Amazon resent the second pair and I love them.The packaging is slightly different as they are simply Pumas here but I don't collect shoes I wear them.
B005ADO31O Arrived Broken I've bought alot of watches on the Internet - this was the first one that arrived broken - one of the buttins that adjust the watch broke of in transit and could not be put back on - sent it back & bought a different brand.
B005ADO97C I love it It is unique and stands out. I just love all puma products!! I ordered one for me and also one for my boo but a different model and I have no regrets!!
B005B2H1FE Love these shoes At first I ordered the incorrect size (Pumas tend to run a little small), but I was able to easily exchange them for the correct ones at no additional cost. Amazon even sent the replacement pair before receiving the originals, meaning the wait time was extremely short for the right ones.
B005B2H1FE Typical Puma Holds up through the longest walks, I generally walk my dog at least 3 miles a day. My previous shoes weren't cutting it, went with a pair of Pumas and as usual they are fantastic.
B005BBADW8 The best shoes ever! I love these sneakers! Perfect fit! After one week with the first pair I got the second one! If you like running or waking these are for you.
B005CAYYOQ Nice pair of cleats. I ordered these for my first year of varsity soccer. They are very comfortable and light and work great. The price is a good deal. My friend ordered the same pair and he is satisfied with them as well.
B005CBR5SM Very Nice Wasn't sure if I would like these.  I have around 50 pair of shoes most of which are Puma.  Gotta say these did not let me down.  People are always asking me were I go them.
B005CBVO02 Puma Men's Attencio II I FG Soccer Shoe,Black/White/Lime Punch,15 D US These are the cheapest pair of cleat that could find in size 15. They look good and feel descent. I like them on grass. On turf i always my adidas samba's.
B005CBVO02 Okay for a season these shoes are pretty good for a quick buy. But i realized that at the end of a 4 month soccer season the sole was starting to rip and the sides were becoming loose so if you want some ok shoes for a cheap price these are it
B005CC3PL2 crappy item Usually i love puma sandals but these were clearly starting to dry rot. the White section on the sandal started to crack around the edges within a week of wear. i had a different pair of puma sandals before and they lasted nearly 2 years with no problems. but these were crap right after getting them.
B005CCHJEQ Soccer shoes These shoes are beautiful and well made.  I purchased them for my granddaughter and when they arrived, they were well packaged and they arrived the exact day I expected.
B005CCMJ5A A perfect pair of cleats My daughter love it so much this pair of cleat, and they are definetely worth the price. I recommend them to everyone.
B005CK2B14 small and cheap looking i ordered these from puma. com. I wear a 6.5 in the gv specials so i ordered the same size in these. i couldn't even get my foot in the shoe.when they arrived they looked almost like they could be toy shoes.. they were very light ...they were also too low to the ground and don't even look worth the 25 dollars i paid for them. the only positive i can give is that the blue is exactly as depicted on the site.definitely not the quality i am used to ,, i will just stick with the gv specials
B005CK4QE4 So Far So Good! Bought this pair for my daughter who didn't want to part with her too-small Adidas. She's been wearing them every day for the last few weeks and says they are very comfortable.
B005CK4QE4 Awesome sneaker Very comfy. My son loves them. Great color and price. My husband who is not a puma fan bought the same pair. True to size
B005CK4QE4 Great sneakers for girls! Both of my daughters (ages 5 and 7) love these Pumas!  They are very cute (grey and fuchsia color) and go with most outfits.  My girls are tough on their shoes, and I haven't had any problems with the quality; in fact, I've found these to be very durable... much more so than Vans which seem to come apart very quickly.  I even washed a pair in the washing machine, and they weren't destroyed and looked markedly cleaner.  I just ordered a new pair for each daughter for the upcoming school year. Just be aware that these run small (about a full size smaller than other brands).
B005CKB0WA Great Shoes, Great Price!!! Lovely shoes and very comfortable.......my son liked it and the price is amazing too.I would recommend these pair to everyone!!!
B005CKB0WA Great Shoe, Great Price I love Puma shoes for my sons. This pair was for my 4 1/2 year old. They are equally stylish and functional. Red accent is slightly redder than in the photo, as to me it looks orange. It is a yellow-towned Red as described.
B005CKB0WA Cant ask for more .. I bought this pair for my daughter. I always go for a durable, comfy, light shoes for her because she has a flat feet and this pair totally meet my requirement. The color combination of this sneaker so nice, very smart looking but red adds the girly look as well. Believe me, this pair is a 'statement'.
B005CKB0WA This is our 2nd pair These Pumas are so lightweight and easy to put on/take off. We wore the other pair to pieces and this is the replacement in a new color. My 4 year old son loves them! They are also very easy to wash and dry quickly.
B005CKB0WA Great shoes. Bought them for the 2nd time. These shoes are great! Very comfy and easy to put on. I bought them for my daughter who just wanted something simple and comfortable to wear. They run a little big.
B005CKB0WA Cute and stays on So for some reason I can not find shoes in my daughters size in town....they're all the size above, below or really ugly.  These were a little pricer than I wanted, but since she wears her sneakers with everything, everyday, I thought I'd try these. They're really cute, flexible and light.  She seems to love them, and the best feature is the velcro works, and the shoe stays one. We had another pair that were velcro (different brand) that fell off as they wouldn't stay fastened.  I'd recommend these shoes...in fact I'm considering stocking up the next could sizes....
B005CKB0WA So great - buying another pair! My daughter loves these - she is 9 but is small and still struggles with getting her shoes tied tightly.  Velcro shoes that don't look like little kid shoes....she is begging for another pair and the price was perfect.  Go Puma!
B005CKB0WA purchased puma shoes My granson loved his shoes. They lookef great on his feet. Will purchase another pair in adult size in the near future.
B005CKB0WA Bought for Step-son and he can put them on himself because if he Velcro and the style of the shoe is fantastic. In love with these shoes!
B005CKB0WA cool shoes This is the fourth pair of Puma sneakers we've purchased for our son, who is 4. We've never been disappointed, but this pair is one of the best. He has a narrow foot and these are nice and streamlined. We are all convinced that they make him run faster.
B005CKB0WA very comfortable and easy to put on I bought these for my 4 year old and he loves them! These are his favorite pair and easy to put on.
B005CKB0WA Best shoes My daughter loves them! She is a very picky girl. I always struggle trying to put shoes on! These are our 2nd pair!
B005CKDW76 bad dont buy it I didn't  receive it on time. I had to replace the lace after the first day of school I had to get a different pair locally.
B005CKDW76 Excellent product, very happy with it! This a great product, the design, the brand, ah how it fits! I hope continue buying this kind of products!
B005CKDW76 Very nice, good quality, but hard to get on First off, these shoes are very nice, leather, well constructed and look very cool with most outfits.  They are however, especially in the beginning, very hard to get on.  I was always afraid I was hurting my sons foot.  Also, for some reason his left shoe comes off occasionally which is a pain since they are hard to get on in the first place.  This is probably more an issue with the type of shoe (ie elastic rather than lace up or velcro) rather than Puma or anything.  It is not a huge issue though since they do not come off when he is walking.  More of an issue when he is horsing around on the floor or something.
B005CKHBP0 Very Nice Shoes I ordered these to accompany a pair of black Pumas my grandson picked out for kindergarten....they are great! Look great with jeans!
B005CKHBP0 I absolutely love these sneakers! I originally purchased the same pair in June in the white/pink for my 10 month old daughter because she was learning to walk and they fit her foot much better than other sneakers and were not heavy at all.  The white pair was wonderful for the summer, so I purchased the black pair for the winter.  I agree with other reviews that they run small.  I recommend going 1 size up because my daughter is a size 7 in her two other pair of shoes, but in these she needed a size 8.  The Velcro straps make it easy to take them on and off.  My daughter has received so many compliments about the shoes and I have recommended them to many moms who have kids just learning how to walk.
B005CKHBP0 great purchase bought these shoes for my kid, he wears both the white and black pairs to school, he is also and athlete and for a kid who runs all the time, i got him a pair of comfortable shoes
B005CKHBP0 great shoes Kids grow out of their shoes really fast. We thought we'd buy the cheaper ones for this reason, thinking we wouldn't spend so much. Hah! The cheaper ones wear out or break too easily. So we went back to Puma. Our daughter used two pairs since she started to walk and they both survived (and have been worn by her little sister). This pair is all that we expected of Puma. It's great for the kids who need the flexibility when they move. It is built well and stands up to their active movements. My daughter loves to run, tip-toe, jump, &#34;do ballet&#34; (pirouette) and still the shoe is holding form and is comfortable for her. My husband was concerned about this one's Velcro, having them both on each side of the shoe; he thinks the straps will eventually tear at the more slender parts. I am not sure I agree, but we'll see. We'll definitely keep buying Puma for the kids (as long as we can afford it anyway :D ).
B005COZJL4 Daughters favorite shoes This has ultimately become my daughters favorite pair of shoes. I will have to order another pair for she is slowly wearing these ones out!
B005CVWYPG Best tennis shoes for my toddler These shoes are great! Easy to put on! Our 2nd pair we've ordered. They are adorable too and go with everything!
B005CVWYPG Love these shoes!!! These shoes are great, they are easy to put on and take off and they are very comfortable and I will purchase another pair!!!!
B005CVWYPG Great deal and very cute! I bought these for my 13 month old niece for Christmas because she has a fascination with shoes. The look very cute on her, and fit her  perfectly (I ordered a size 5 in toddlers). Puma is a rather expensive brand, so when I saw these for less than $25, I could not pass up on them! It took a little while for them to arrive in the mail, but it is the holiday season and post offices are jam packed with packages, so the wait time was understandable.If you are looking for a pair of Pumas for your little one, but do not want to spend an arm and a leg, look no further than here :)
B005CVWYPG PUMA Tallula Glamm V Kids Sneaker, 8 Pink/Purple/White I bought these for my daughter. They are freaking adorable! Very stylish! And I love that it's just one velcro strap across the top!!
B005CVWYPG Love these shoes! This is the second pair of PUMA Tallula Glamm V's I have bought for my great granddaughter who just turned 3. They aren't heavy like most sneakers and she loves them. Also she can put them on herself with the easy Velcro strap.
B005CVWYPG Puma Tallula Glamm V Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),White/Hot... Puma's sneakers are great.  Great quality, very confortable, and the design is the right one (it's not just a basic sneaker).  Excellent product and price.
B005CVY9RW Perfect foe my Babygirl I actually got these big because I wanted these to be the first pair of sneakers when she start walking.  I think they are so cute and I believe she would too.
B005CVY9RW Shoes Love them!! They are so easy to put on and they stay on! I would like them in all different colors
B005CVY9RW Adorable, many comments These shoes are a second pair, for my second daughter.  We loved the first pair we bought so much we bought these for my second.  The fit is great, the colors bright, and the style adorable!  They are easy to get on the baby but she cannot easily get them off.  The shoes are soft crib shoes so the baby can still walk comfortably without wearing just socks or bare feet.  They clean well too.
B005CVY9RW Great shoes to young toddlers This is the second pair of puma I had purchased for my daughter.  The velcro straps make putting the shoes on quick and easy.  The velcro also allows her to participate in the dressing and undressing process because she is able to work with the velcro.  The soft sole allows her feet to feel the different surface texture while protecting her feet.  They are definitely great shoes for early walkers!
B005CVY9RW Puma fashion sneaker This pair of shoes just really caught my eye. They are so cute, I had to buy them for my baby girl who's due to make her grand entrance into the world real soon!! Also, I liked the Velcro straps for easier access. I bought them in a bigger size to make sure she'll be able to fit them. Can't wait to try them on her!!
B005CVY9RW Best first shoes! I loved these shoes! They were the first shoes I purchased for my daughter and she wore them until they had holes. They were perfect as first walking shoes, flexible and light. The fit was great, she has really small feet and the size 4 (at 1 yr old) was perfect and left a bit of room to grow. The sole is cloth though so I don't recommend them for winter or wet areas. They are even cuter in person and we always received a ton of compliments!
B005CVY9RW A good buy. Bought this shoe for my 14 months old and since I bought one more pair until she grew up and was going to go up the slides. That's when I noticed that it does not have enough traction at the bottom of the shoe.The leather is very soft so it is perfect for children first shoes when they are transitioning from only socks to shoes. It feels like a more durable socks.
B005CVY9RW they stay on! I LOVE these baby shoes, they are super easy to put on and they stay on which is very difficult with a toddler.  I'll probably be buying them in every size :)
B005CVY9RW Shoes Love the shoes. They were all clean and I'm overall very happy! Definitely would purchase another pair of shoes thru here.
B005CVY9RW Best Shoes Ever These shoes have been awesome for our daughter. She's been wearing them since about 11 mo until now 17 mo. They have traction on the bottom which is great but they're like a thick protective sock so they are super easy for her to walk in. They Velcro really easily & it's a big piece so you can tighten it. They were a bit big at first so it was nice that they stay on so well. Her feet are a little wide too but these fit around any type of foot. We ordered another pair. Love them!
B005CVY9RW Love them They are the best first pair of shoes for walking that we have had and we have four boys.  They stay on which is great.
B005CVY9RW Great first shoes! These are great first shoes! We had a pair for our son and he started walking using these and now we have this pair for our little girl. They are nice and soft, easy to take on and off and gives babies the traction needed to learn how to take those first steps!
B005CVY9RW nice shoes for starters My baby started to walk when she was 11 month old. We bought her a pair of regular shoes, but those are too stiff for her. Then we bought these shoes, they are pricy, but they are good. easy to put on with velcro, no struggling with babies on lacing up the shoes. Soft soles are very comfortable, does not restrict foot growth. But the soles  are made of soft cloth type of material,so they get worn out very soon. When babies learn to walk, they don't walk well,  their fornt part of the foot is constantly rubbing again the floor. Now my baby's toes are poking out. A extra layer of ruber with reinforace at the front get my 5 star rating. I am buying a second pair now. Hope these ones will last a little longer.
B005DCRS6E Great This pair of shorts is really comfortable and loose fitting. For someone how has ulcerative colitis its not very constricting in the stomach area which is a great thing.
B005DIQU9Y Great Capri I bought the same capri at the store for a lot more money. Glad I found it on Amazon for a lot less. Bought 2 more, one for working out and the other for everyday. Its true to size and looks just the the pic.
B005DIT9RO nice fit, but stretches out after several washes I've been wearing the pants 4 months. I receive compliments on them. I wash them regularly because I wear them often. They are stretching out and picking up lent. I'll wear them to the last day, but probably won't buy anymore similar pair from PUMA.
B005DTOIF6 nice pair of Puma! Nice pair of Puma shoes!! I use them as an every day on my job!! very confortable fit and light weight!!!! thank you!
B005DTR72W Great shoe, fair price I've never been disappointed by any of my Puma purchases. Love the different angles viewable on the sellers sites, easy to make a decision without actually having to go to a store and shop in person. I know exactly what I'm purchasing.
B005DTR72W Beautiful, coveted and comfortable! Not every Nike store has this Ferrari model and, in the ones I found, price was over U$90,00 and there was no White version.Packing was perfect and shoes fit fine!
B005DTR72W This shoes ain't made for Walkin'!! But BOY can they Drive! Love 'em!!!! I am glad I bought these shoes for driving and not walking because with my bad back and knees, they were killer on my shopping spree to buy my daughter a new pair of shoes for school. One thing is for sure though, they can definetly drive fast!! Have a great sense of touch with the gas and brake pedals. The handy little red bag that they came in is great for holding my shoes while I am at the office as well. Recommend these for those that love to drive and love Ferrari!! Now I just need to get a Ferrari to drive while I am wearing them......
B005DTS9SS great shoes i love them cant say much besides they ARE GREAT. I ride a hybrid bike around my house and they are very comfortable! great looking pair i just hope they have the red and black next time.
B005ER4BRW Fantastic pair of shoes Very comfy, love the look, very very high quality. I am on my 2nd pair! Shame they are hard to find now.
B005HEJHYO Stylish - Not too practical I ordered these golf shoes because I used to wear Puma Roma tennis shoes. While these definitely have the style I was looking for, they were lacking in comfort. I tried them on after receiving them from Amazon, and quickly decided to return them. The toe box is narrow, and the material is very stiff, I couldn't imagine walking 9 holes in these, let alone 18! I do expect these to stretch out, and could very possibly become comfortable over time, but I decided to return them and save some money on a mesh adidas pair. I can't spend $100 on a pair of shoes for the hope that they stretch out.5 stars for style - 2 stars for comfort.
B005HEJHYO Poor Quality As an avid Puma buyer I was expecting a decent pair of golf cleats, what I received instead was a poor-quality, mismatched pair of shoes.  I know all major brands outsource manufacturing to China or Vietnam but this was the worst quality I have ever seen!  When put side-by-side they aren't even symetrical and the stitching is completely off.  Come on Puma, ever heard of quality control?  This makes me rethink my purchases of future Puma products...
B005HEJHYO My favorite shoes. I have more golf shoes than all other types of shoes combined. Off the top of my head...I would say over a dozen. Sometimes I get wide shoes if they are available but depending on the shoe it may not be necessary. I got these in regular.  The shoes I have that are comparable to the Puma Roma are the Adidas adicross, Ecco Men's Street Premier and FJ Street.These are the lightest and most comfortable golf shoe I have ever worn. No question. They have replaceable spikes however you could easily wear them without spikes.
B005HEJK3W Great Price Shoes I love these, their comfortable, my golf game got better since I got golf shoes , more stability in the swing now.
B005HEJK3W Awesome! Great golf shoe. Very stable and comfortable. Walked 18 holes right out of the box!!!!  Going to order another pair....
B005HEJK3W golf shoes comfortable, price great, shipping cost great, great color does not show dirt. Husband has worn once and felt they were great fit.  He returned the white similiar shoes that he had purchased and not worn yet after he received this pair.  Shoes came in a timely manner!!
B005HEK2J8 Save your money! I paid $25.00 for these and that is $24.00 more than I should have paid!  One word... AWFUL!!!  I got the white and black version..Oh yeah,the black/white and RED from all the blood I lost from the blisters on my heels!  Think of a very stiff version of Converse All Stars and all the comfort of thin canvass poking/rubbing/digging every step.....SAVE YOUR MONEY!!
B005HEKJTQ love so big that i almost put to much stuff in it.  fits very nice on shoulder and love the drink holders on the side. one for water & one for a shake!  i have two different colors i love this bag so much.
B005HEKWM0 great Great shoes great price and quick shipping.only problem is this shoe runs a little big. Ordered 7.5 first and was way to big. 7 is still big could have used 6.5. I wear 8 in DC shoes for reference.
B005HEKWM0 sole of rt shoe ended up cracking straight across - PUMA provided a coupon for the amt. sole of rt shoe ended up cracking straight across - PUMA provided a coupon for the amount. I wanted another pair just like this one, but was told they dont carry them any longer. Now I need to pay more money for their current line of shoes.
B005HEKWM0 good shoes! I have not yet used the pair for the course, however, I feel these shoes are nice fitting for me. As somebody has left message that the pair would be bigger than size indicated, I choosed half size smaller ones than usual pairs and came to know my desision wascorrect.I am looking forward to going the course with them!
B005HELTCM Style and Comfort in One Great Golf Shoe Really love what Puma has to offer for the golf world.  These shoes are fun, stylish, and incredibly comfortable both on and off course.Don't let the street style fool you - these shoes have a lot of traction and hold up just as well as other golf shoes I've owned.  Furthermore, they easily allow me to walk the course for hours without pain.Note that the "white/red" combo actually looks more like hot pink in person, which was actually an unexpected and happy surprise for me when the shoes arrived.
B005HELTCM I love my new puma golf shoes. Wore them for the first time yesterday , and they were so comfortable. Normally golfshoes.  take about 4 times of wearing them, for my feet to get used to them, but not these. And of course,I loved the price
B005HELTCM Great buy! LOVE these shoes while playing golf! They are the first comfortable pair I've had. Walked 18 holes the other day and felt like i was walking on air. Leather shoes often don't &#34;give&#34; but these shoes just keep on giving.
B005HEN3GW Puma Jigg Golf Shoe (soft spikes) I have used these soft spiked shoes the last few golf outings - and have been impressed with the overall quality of fit, arch support, and my ability to feel fresh after 18 holes.  The only drawback to these shoes is the proprietary soft quill spike system may not be supported as long as other "off the shelf" soft spike systems.  However, for the price, this is a good pair of shoes - and I plan on stocking up on replacement spikes so that I do not run out before the shoes wear out!
B005HEN3GW Love these shoes I'm not going to complain about the sizing because I know when you buy something online it's not a gaurentee, but if you buy these I would go a half size smaller than what you normally go.  I'm not a good golfer by any means but at least it looks like I know what I'm doing with this pair of shoes.
B005HEN3IK Great, until... I've had these shoes since July of 2012. I play at least one round a week, sometimes three or four. For most of last year the shoes were great. They're stylish, comfortable, and very supportive.However, when winter rolled around in Southern California I began noticing that my feet were getting wet. Not my whole foot, just the bottoms. Turns out that, at some point, the soles of BOTH shoes cracked from edge to edge right along the ball of the foot where the shoe flexes the most. It's not just cracked, the sole is basically broken in half (the toe half is no longer connected to the heel half). Water now gets up in through the crack and stability and support are compromised. Also a couple of the removable cleats have come off and I think one may have even broken off, leaving some plastic in the fitting.If the sole break had occurred on just one foot I'd chalk it up to bad luck, but the fact that it happened on both shoes tells me it's a defective product, and because of that I couldn't recommend this shoe to anyone else. I'm in the process of sending these back to Puma, as they're covered by a 2 year waterproof warrantee. I definitely wouldn't buy another pair, but I'll accept a new pair for free.
B005HEN3IK Expensive but poor quality I bought these shoes like 3 months ago. Initially they were comfortable and I thought it was a good purchase.But just after four or six rounds playing I started to feel something was not going well... Turning out the shoe I was quite surprised, the sole was completely BROKEN (left shoe), from edge to edge. I checked out the right shoe... and pretty much the same, it was not completely broken yet, but it would not take more than one match to break as well.To me, it is unbelivable how a pair of shoes with a few rounds and not more than two months can be broken ???I have already sent a complain to PUMA, since I expect they have some kind of guarentee.
B005HEN3IK breaking spikes I have had these shoes for 5 months and have lost or broken 5 spikes! Poor design on the spike holding system. They are the same spikes used on Adidas shoes. They have T shape holder instead of the screw in type like my Foot Joys. One or both parts of the T have broken off. On all my other golf shoes over the years, I have replaced a lost or broken spike maybe 3 or 4 times. I have only played about 10 rounds and to have to replace that many spikes is ridiculous. Love the fit and feel but to have to carry extra spikes in my bag is crazy. Yes, I walk and weigh 175 pounds.
B005HEN3IK Sole cracked Just like some one's review, I had same issue as written below.  began noticing that my feet were getting wet. Not my whole foot, just the bottoms. Turns out that, at some point, the soles of BOTH shoes cracked from edge to edge right along the ball of the foot where the shoe flexes the most. It's not just cracked, the sole is basically broken in half (the toe half is no longer connected to the heel half). Water now gets up in through the crack and stability and support are compromised. Also a couple of the removable cleats have come off and I think one may have even broken off, leaving some plastic in the fitting.If the sole break had occurred on just one foot I'd chalk it up to bad luck, but the fact that it happened on both shoes tells me it's a defective product, and because of that I couldn't recommend this shoe to anyone else. I'm in the process of sending these back to Puma, as they're covered by a 2 year waterproof warrantee. I definitely wouldn't buy another pair, but I'll accept a new pair for free.
B005HENEFC My son loves these shoes It is hard to find this size golf shoe in local stores. The shoes fit perfectly and my son loves them.  I will buy them again when he needs another pair.
B005HEOEYC Now I can play like Rickey Fowler Great shoes. I've been buying Puma shoes for 50 years and have never been disappointed. The bright blue is a great change from boring black, brown and white golf shoes. I also have a red pair on order.
B005HEOMIK nice and handy it's perfect for gym wear and pair of shoe.. not too big to put other gears like basketball and not certainly any kits.
B005HEP57C Chicken soup for the feet You must have heard of "Chicken Soup for the Soul" Well, these Puma golf shoes shoes are chicken soup for the feet! They are a joy to wear, not to mention not too bad on the eyes. I love them, they are stylish plus comfortable enough to wear all day without any discomfort. A lot of golf shoes are stiff and a pain to the feet after eighteen holes of golf. Not these Pumas. I liked them so well I ordered another pair in a different color.
B005HEP57C Wife loves them! Bought these shoes as a birthday present. Hadn't bought golf shoes online until this purchase. Wasn't sure what to expect. Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised! She loves them! She says it's the best fitting shoes she's had.
B005I19DJU Love the grey I have the steel grey and I really love how it looks like in these shoes. The only thing that bothers me is that the canvass on the toe part crumple some times. Still one of the most good looking puma I have ever owned!
B005I70A96 Good Starter Cleat These were my first pair of boots in years. I'd recommend them to anyone who is trying to get back on the pitch after a long break from the sport.
B005I70A96 Selling the damage product to the consumer, and not backing it up I am very disappointed about this PUMA product, I have send you pictures of the damage product and did notget any reaction from your company ,as a owner of many PUMA equipment , this was my worst experienceof puma, because of your not replying about the shoe damage you have lost a sale over $6000.but thank you for the experience, no heart feelings.
B005IKILF8 I love them !!!! I Love this pair of shoes. I'm on my feet all day 9 plus hours and they are great. The first day I had brought another pair of shoes to put on just in case, but was not even needed. They are light weight and are like having socks on. I have a wide foot and this shoe is just right. They look so good 3 other women at work have ordered them also. I hope they get my size in , in the other colors because I will get them.
B005IKIS9C GREAT PRICE At first I was a little skeptical about these shoes, but I really needed a pair of running shoes that were light weight and fashionable. (There's nothing worse than carrying weights on your feet when you're trying to run)...anyways, I thought they might have been a little pricey at first, but then I walked in a shoe store and saw them for ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE BUX (before tax). It was pretty easy to buy them after that, and they got to my house in 3 days!
B005IKIS9C Gift for my Wife, My wife love her training shoes, she have used these on her daily training at Gym and still looks like new...Excellent product, delivery and quality.
B005JF8KQ2 I LOVE THEM ! I HAPPEN TO LIKE PUMAS AND ADIDAS, WELL ALSO NIKE ! I LIKED THEM AS SOON AS I SAW THEM THERE'S ALSO SOME SIMILAR ONES TO THESE , BUT THEY'RE FOR FEMALE THEY'RE ALSO BLACK . I MAY GET THEM FOR MY SISTER ! WELL ,ANYHOW THESE GYM SHOES ARE SNUG AND COMFORTABLE THE PUMA EMBLEM IS A SHINNY SILVER WHICH IS COOL . IECOMMEND YOU BUY THESE GYM SHOES YOU'LL LIKE THEM !
B005JKMIDI Great looking suede sneakers from Puma. The Laube is a suede sneaker from Puma's Rudolf Dassler collection (Dassler was the founder of Puma). I have two older pairs of Dassler Pumas, and these have toned down on the retro-trendy look and added some of today's Puma design features. The result is a classic in my opinion, tasteful styling and an excellent color palette of black, charcoal grey and white. The original circa-1948 Puma logo appears on the tongue and heel. The top eyelets are finished in an orangeish-biege for a subtle touch of color. They are well made with black suede uppers and tongue. The soles are rubber in dark grey with a herringbone-type tread parttern. The toe cap is a rubbery material in dark grey. The shoes are very comfortable (I use perscription orthodics, and they fit in these shoes) and I think they look great. They're stylish without being trendy or gaudy. Sizing is true to Puma in that they run slightly small, so I get one size larger. Puma seems to have eliminated the previous unique grey Rudolf Dassler box, my pair of Laubes came in Puma's standard red corrugated box. Highly recommended.
B005LBK2VA good quality for the price I bought this to go with 2 other black warmup pants and to replace a black and red colored warmup jacket that fit but was not loose enough for me. I always want an oversize jacket because I like the extra room and can wear other clothing under it with no concerns about feeling squeezed in or restricted in any way. I set out to get a primarily black color with white accents jacket and started searching on eastbay and then to Amazon. While this is not the thickest garment it has areas of thickness and areas which are thinner and more breathable. When I first put it on I thought it felt cheap because I only felt the thin breathable area. I wore it outside for the first time today and discovered that this a real quality warmup jacket that looked good felt good and kept me warm even in the rain and temp at about 48 degrees. I started to appreciate the different mixture of textures and how well thought out the design is. By the end of the day I changed my mind about this jacket. Also the zipper system is very easy and well made. Zip and unzip with not problem and very smooth. The only other question is how long it will last and how it will react to doing sports and other activities that will stress the garment. Only time will tell. If I find a weakness as I become more active and aggressive with it I will update this review. It looks like a winner.
B005LC5FTS Just got it, haven't actually used it yet Haven't really used yet. I plan on using it for the following school semester. It looks like it will fit my laptop fine, along with a few college books. I looked for side pockets and pockets in the front and looks like it is what I expected. I just hope it last the semester. When that time comes, I'll let you know!
B005LCD60I Luv'em Great pair of sneakers, my only complaint/ observation is that the puma symbol is very incredibly white.But other then that I am very satisfied with these sneakers. Very comfortable and looks great with jeans or shorts.
B005LCD60I Great shoes I've owned a few pair of Pumas now and have always found them stylish and decently comfortable but these might be the most comfortable yet, and I think they look really cool. After buying my last 3 pairs of shoes from Amazon I've decided you simply cannot beat buying shoes from them for the selection and price.UPDATE:  One of these shoe's soles started peeling off slightly after 2 and a half months of wearing almost exclusively in an office.  May have been a fluke but warrants an update I thought.  More importantly though, Puma did make things right when I emailed them with a copy of my Amazon invoice and a photo of the defective shoe.  They gave me a gift certificate for a little more than what I paid for the shoes.  So if you do have an issues with your Pumas, contact them and they will most likely do the right thing.
B005LCD60I The back sole from the heel starts to peel after a month This was my replacement, the first pair the back started to peel after 2 weeks, so i returned it, but now the replacement i got, it's doing the same thing after 1 month. I dont' recommend this shoe, worst quality for a Puma I've ever got. As I am a Puma Fan. Not good at all.
B005LCD60I Nice and comfort really light shoes and very comfortable. Colors are Great! This is my first Puma tennis shoes, but of course I will try another pair.
B005LCD60I Favorite Pair of Shoes I love these shoes.  I purchased a pair of these 5 years ago and wore them to death and have always wanted another pair.  They fit and look great.
B005LCD60I Like a slipper Have an older pair that I simply love - but finally showing signs of near-future retirment.  Was glad to find this set available again and at a great price.  Possibly the most comfortable sneakers I own for daily wear.  Since I don't use them for athletic purposes, I can't comment on longevity, etc but the previous pair (still going) lasted for years.
B005LCD60I So Nice, Bought it Twice! These are Great sneakers, great price. I had to buy another pair. I now have Eight more words required submit
B005LCD60I Bad luck I am a PUMA lover... I live in Costa Rica, I ordered them because they are usually more expensive here. But last week I went to a shoe store and found them cheaper than here...unbelievable. But anyways... they are great
B005LCE58A BEST DUFFEL BAG EVER!! BEST DUFFEL BAG EVER HAD, well it has 4 compartments 1 for shoes so your clothes will not get dirty,then one for clothes(the big main one), the other end of the bag(which is the opposite side of the shoes compartment) has a medium size compartment for phones protein bars accessory and whatever you want,the last one is actually inside the main one its about a pouch size perfect for storing your wallet while your working out i cannot be anymore pleased with my purchase i highly highly recommend this more then worth it! love it!
B005LCE58A Very good item I bought this for my boyfriend and he loved it. The meterial it's made of looks solid and high quality. The thing he loves the most is that the bag as a separates pocket to put his shoes. I recommend it.
B005LCEGM0 Good duffel No problems so far and I love the colors. Huge inner space since the material is very soft and maleable.I used this product for a 3 week  car camping trip and after a thorough wash it still looks like new.
B005LCEGM0 Nice Duffel I saw some not so nice reviews regarding this duffel, but took a chance a bought it anyway.  I have not been disappointed.  My son uses it to carry his cleats, which btw, has a shoe bag built in, and sports uniforms.  It has one inside pocket with a zipper that can be used for such things as gloves, sunscreen, etc.  It has another large side pocket with a zipper that is large enough to hold another pair of shoes, if needed.  Very pleased!
B005LCENV4 Cheap, Worthless Garbage My son tried to use this for the first time yesterday.  Into it he put one number 4 youth soccer ball, one pair of youth goalie gloves, and one 24oz water bottle.  He put the strap over his shoulder and headed out the front door, but didn't even make it off our front porch before the strap tore loose and the bag fell to the ground.  Returned in disgust.
B005MNY3JE puma hoodie Haven't seen such awful lining quality for a long long time. How dare they call it "sherpa"? The cheapest polyester fur lining I've ever seen. You run your fingers over it, and the pieces of thread stay in your hand! Going back of course. They should be totally ashamed for manufacturing such low-quality clothing.
B005OKF984 Nice fit, quality product Very pleased with this order.  Puma used to be questionable, yet now they are making some great shoes.  Definetly competative to nike shocks.
B005OKFLLE My fianc&eacute; looooooooves it He was posing in it lol. Not in front of a mirror, just in front of me. It was too funny.He said a man with a pair of new shoes is a man with a set of new balls. LMFAO. He's such a weirdo.He said they're VERY comfortable. He is VERY happy. :) Highly recommended.
B005OKFLLE Puma all the way I had seen this sneakers and love it because of the colours but  the comfort that came ith it was unbelievable  it can be worn all day without any discomfort very ventilated  and cool just love it
B005OKFLLE defect I ordered it for my son. It looks nice. But there is a major manufacturing defect. When my son put the right one on, he asked me it weired in the area under the great toe . I checked up. Guess what? the inner pad folded back there. They did not check it up. Where is PUMA's quality control???????????????????????????? This is my first PUMA, and last one two. I will return it and forget about this brand.
B005OKXALW Love Em Love these shoes!  I needed a pair of sneakers that looked good with jeans for the winter.  I searched all around the malls and shoes stores in my area and was told that Puma's were fading out so nobody carries them.  I found a place that had the Suedes in blue and my size but they were very, very blue.  These shoes are dark enough that the stripe stands out but the shoe isnt flashy with old school style.  Looks great with jeans are and pretty comforable.  Ordered my usual size and fit was good.
B005OKXOBI My new favorite shoes I've always had a thing for red shoes, and these dont disappoint. They match most of my red tshirts and go very nicely with most of my dress shirts for a casual look. The material theyre made of is a nice texture, and theyre relatively easy to keep clean. Very comfortable too, I'll be buying these again when this pair wears out, which might take a while as I've had them for almost a month and they still look brand new after much wearing.
B005OKY03Y happy with this product shoe of excellent quality, good material and very beautiful, 100% recommended for lovers of classical models. happy with this product.
B005OLLNII soooo comfy one of the comfiest pairs of shoes i own, and at a great price. puma never lets me down. only downside is that it is a tad skinny. but i might just have wide feet.
B005OMEGTA great shoes my  husband ordered these and he is very happy with them.  he has had these before and couldn't find them at the storeso he is very happy.
B005OMFAYK no more online shoe shopping I ordered these shoes came on time everything was good till I put them on kinda flimsy built and didn't take long till my feet were killing me, tore me up so bad I got a pair of 20.00 kmart sneakers and put them on in the store and put these in the box and there they shall stay not one of Pumas better ideas.
B005OMFAYK Shoes for the environmentally aware While not all Pumas are sustainability-driven (as far as I know), these shoes and another pair I have contain a large amount of post-consumer waste. I don't have the numbers, look them up yourselves.  If you like the style of Pumas, though, then it's just an added benefit to reduce one's carbon footprint.And I get a ton of complements on how then look.
B005ON2G96 Great Sneaker Love these sneakers.  They ran true to size for me and they're the most comfortable sneakers I've had in a long time!  You can't miss on this one!
B005OS7VPA Great shoe I had a pair of these previously and wore them out. I wear them for aerobics and on the exercise machines. Light weight and easy to slip off and on.
B005OS7VPA When a "Pair" of shoes aren't a "Pair" I picked these shoes up to replace some Jambu sneaks that I wore the treads off. I have long, bony feet (yeah, they are just beautiful) and the only review on these stated that they were great for narrow feet.  Width should not be the only consideration if you are looking at buying these shoes. The pair I got (if you can call two such different shoes a "pair") had major fit issues. Both the shoes, and the box, stated they were a 9.5 B. One shoe fit more like a 9.5 2A, the other fit like it was a 10 c/d. The heel area rise was also completely different. The narrower shoe had a higher heel rise and was uncomfortably high, while the wider shoe's rise was lower. (I actually put the shoes back to back and there was probably a quarter inch difference between the two shoes.) There also was very little arch support in the shoe box. I reported the issue to Amazon (who knows - maybe one shoe came from China and the other from Uzbekistan) but didn't like either shoe enough to try a different "pair".Not Recommended.
B005OS839I Love, Love, Love Love these shoes.  My favorite summer pair by far!  They do need a little breaking in and you will have some blisters.  But after broken in (which only took one day of walking in them for me) they are so cute!!!  The best thing about them is the sturdy rubber sole.
B005OT0TRQ Had to break them in, but great since It took about a few days for my feet to wear these in (they were hurting my big toenail even though they were the right size) and now they are super comfortable. They are cheaper than other puma shoes by a long shot so I am surprised I like them so much. Definitely worth what I paid and more. THey are white, but haven't stained yet and I bought these a few months ago.
B005OT1FQA Cool shoes! I love these Puma sport shoes, they are very colorful and fashionable.They would not be suitable for high impact sports, but for doing pilatesor strength training they are great.
B005OT1UI8 Perfect pair I have a pair of these. I knew that I had to order 1/2 size smaller. I could not find them in the stores anymore but was thrilled to find them at Amazon. It is a lady-like look but wears like a sneaker. I get so many compliments each time I wear them. Just like my first pair, I know I will get my money's worth. Love them!
B005OT25G4 Poor Quality I purchased several Puma sneakers for myself, as gift for my mom and my toddler son. All of them I liked and kept except for this style.It seemed very thin and the plastic seemed of inferior quality. The mesh also is also made of a scratchy polyester type of material. The curved graphics on the side are made of rubber type of plastic that is heat transfered to the sneaker. I didn't like the shiny plastic look of it. The size 7 run very large as well. I wanted to return it back, but kept forgetting since I had stuck it in my closet. The timing expired to return so I had to keep it. I am giving this pair away.
B005OT8608 Make these in Black/Silver!! This is the style I am looking for. But I would like them in Black/Silver. I have a pair that I bought a couple of years ago in Black/Silver and this is the closest to the style and oh so comfortable!!. Black/Silver goes with everything I wear them with!! Guess I may not be buying Puma this time around!!
B005OT8608 Puma fast cat I ordered these because I needed all white shoes for school. They're nice shoes my only complaint is they're a bit small I think. Once you break them in they get a lot better. Otherwise no complaints! Quick shipping!
B005OTA9R6 Puma Dance Fashion Sneakers, Charmaine I purchased these sneakers for aerobics. I usually wear size 8.5 but ordered size 9 since I would usually wear socks. They fit perfectly and did not make my feet look large. Actually the sneakers have a nice sleek look. I used them for the first time on June 11, 2013 and they were fantastic. The sneakers are light weight and cushioned inside which made doing my workout very comfortable indeed. The colors are exactly as they are in the picture. The fusia pink is nice and bright against the black. I also love the shiny black and the orange puma. I absolutely loved the red bag the sneakers came in. It was a pleasant surprise. My friends also fell in love with my sneakers. The quality is above my expectations and I would advise in buyiny these sneakers to purchase half size up if you will be wearing socks.
B005OTA9R6 Soft great fitting shoes I have been searching for a pair of white Puma shoes and found this pair. This are great fashion shoes. Comfortable for site seeing, shopping or to lounge in.
B005OTA9R6 Great shape... look good on. Wanted another pair of sneakers to use for Zumba. I have the Puma Janine Dance in white and wanted a darker shoe. Purchased these as I knew that I already liked the way they fit. The black seems to run a little smaller/tighter. Overall, they are serving their purpose, arriving in a timely manner.
B005OTA9R6 puma's My daughter came to visit and had on these Puma's. I loved them and wanted a pair. I checked where she got them and then decided to check Amazon. I found them to be less expensive on Amazon... They are the same shoes and same quality, only less expensive. I recieved them way sooner than expected and am very pleased with my new Puma's... I love shopping Amazon!!!
B005OTA9R6 great for zumba! Love these shoes - great for dance / Zumba classes! lightweight and flexable - laces stay tied - have been thinking about ordering another pair
B005OTA9R6 Great shoes, and look quite fashonable I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them. They fit right and they are quite confortable. I am thinking of buying her another pair in a different color.
B005OTA9R6 Very nice design, slim not too bulky and perfect for fashionable exercise shoes. Very simple but nice looking, i'm sick of athletic shoes that are all about bright colors, weird soles and lines. I just wanted something simple that can give me comfort when I exercise and this is it. The ones I have bought have already gotten very worn and dirty since I've used it so much, if I do buy another shoe it will be the same exact one.
B005OTA9R6 Really Happy with my purchase. Very nice look, and fits really well. Very happy of my purchase on line. Lookinf forward in buying another pair soon.
B005OTA9R6 Just what I was looking for! There were no white Pumas in town and I love this shoe- third time I have bought it!Hope I'll be able to get another pair next year...
B005OTA9R6 My Pumas I haven't wore my shoes out in public yet....im waiting on my puma shirt to come in the mail....then I will wear my whole fit....but I love the color....they are a half size to big....but im still going to wear them....they are my first pair but not my last pair....I have several pairs that I want from amazon....and im going to get them.
B005OTA9R6 Works Great for Me Very sharp looking shoe, like the black and blue.  Purchased for Zumba classes and they are light on my feet and I have no problem with being able to twist and turn.  I would recommend to others, just keep in mind that they are somewhat narrower than you might be used to, although it is not an issue for me.
B005OTBH0O Love these shoes I've had my pair of speeders for about 3 years now. After heavy use they are finally wearing out now and I plan to replace them with another pair.The shoes mold to your feet very easily (mine look all warped, but fit my feet perfectly).The mesh is nice because it allows your feet to breathe a little.Only Cons I can think of are:If the ground/grass is wet then it just soaks through the mesh, but it dries quickly.Because of the outsole (bottom) design stuff does get stuck in them a lot - pebbles, grass, mud, etc, so just make sure you wipe your feet off well before entering a building!
B005PPNSFE Not as pictured Picture shows one white pair with black trim and one black pair with white trim. Instead each sock is half white and half grey.
B005PVNAT2 Great piece! Ok, first of all, I do not like when a great pair of shoes get a bad grade because someone accidentally got a wrong size. Amazon has a great return policies so if you do come to that situation, you can get a different pair without a problem.As most other Puma shoes, these ones are very comfortable piece. They look very good (pretty much same as on the picture) and don't wear off easily at all. I had them for maybe 3 moths and they still seem like they are brand new (with the fact that i wore them close to every day).As far as the price goes, if you get them in the range of 30-40$, you got yourself a great deal.Only bad thing I could say would be that they are not currently on the prime list so the shipping costs extra.So, overall, I would give these Pumas a 4.5 stars for being a great pair of shoes.
B005R506IO Son Loves Pumas We tried stride rite shoes for my son since he was little - he never cared for them.  One day bought him a pair of pumas and love of this brand was born.  He is just about 6 now and all I buy are pumas.  These were the latest purchase and he likes them.  Keep in mind when ordering the leather sneakers they usually run 1/2 a size smaller then the canvas.
B005R506IO Stylish and comfortable. I bought this for my child, and they are a very nice pair of sneakers.  The design is simple, but nice, and the sole looks like it will hold up to some rough-housing.
B005S0PF1G Adorable and comfy. These are my six year old daughter's &#34;go to&#34; shoes.  She loves how easy they are for her to put on, how comfortable they feel on her feet and that she gets lots of compliments.  They seem to run a little small, so we ordered up a full size and they fit with a little growing room.  A great shoe!  Since it's the only pair she wants to wear now, we're going to get a pair of black ones too.
B005S0PF1G Love These Shoes I bought these for my 5-year-old grandson and wondered whether they would actually look like the adult version. I'm happy to report, they are exact replicas and we both love them!
B005S0PF1G Love the shoes on kids not so much the price Shoes do run small. Buy one full size up. ALthoght these are the collest looking pair of shoes on the kids, they arent cheap and so I really take care of them. They are easy to clean as long as they arent scuff/scrape marks.  SO I rate 4 for the style and not a 5 due to price for kids shoes.
B005S0PF1G Puma Sneakers Excellent love the Velcro closure very stylish footwear.My grandson is  extremely happy with his new shoes his mother thinks that they are fantastic!
B005S0QEXE Love them I needed an all white pair of sneakers for my son. I can never find an all white pair in the stores so I went with this pair I found and they are great! They go with everything, are comfortable and my son LOVES them! Of course since they are white and they are for a toddler they do get dirty but all you need to do is wipe them off and they are back to new.
B005S0QEXE babys first pair.great price got size 4 for 6 month old first shoes .his mom loves them.chose these because seem light wt.n in chair or car seat r lying down
B005S0QEXE My kid is STYLIN! LOVE these shoes.  I'm such a HUGE fan of PUMAs and I love to see my little guy rocking them.His first pair of real lace-up shoes, and he wears them with pride.So far they are holding up quite well to the beating they are taking!!I would buy them again.
B005S0QEXE Great buy Good looking sneakers!  My twins first pair and they fit perfect. No complaints and I couldn't be more happy =)
B005V5ZKXG Puma Lady Complete TrailFox 4 Trail Running Shoes - 7.5 - Yellow Received shoes 12 days before expected! Thank you!! Bought for my sister's birthday and she's very happy with them. Might have to buy myself a pair :)
B005XS4BQI Light and comfortable! I've been wearing Puma athletic shoes since I was a teenager and have never been disappointed. The Cell Turin is a fantastic looking shoe and I get a lot of complements on them. The shoes are so light, supportive and comfortable that you will want to wear them all the time. I actually have another pair now in a different color combination so I can change out shoes and give the other pair a break. I know from past experience these shoes will last based on the design, materials, and build quality. Highly recommend!
B005ZFCUIA Love Them! So I have been getting back into working out and getting into shape lately and needed a new pair of shoes. I've never owned any Puma products before, but the reviews were good, and they were great colors. The product arrived in a quick and timely manner. The fit was as expected with some extra wiggle room in the toes. They also are very comfortable. I recently did a 5k run and they were excellent, comfortable, with no pain. Also so far haven't had any issues with them coming untied while running, and I have gotten a lot of compliments from friends and co-workers about how cute they are and where I got them from.
B005ZFCUIA So happy I purchased these. I love these i wear them for work in healthcare. I am on my feet all day. I tend to have a wide foot and usually have to break shoes in beacause my pinky toe gets smashed and rubbed. I wore these all day the first day without one pinch and the 2nd day too. So happy I purchased these.
B005ZFCUIA Excellent pair! Happy Happy! Fit as I expected and those shoes are very comfortable in fact I do want to buy me another pair in the future.
B005ZFCUIA Orange not yellow Bought these mainly because I wanted a pair of yellow running shoes lol. When they arrived they I realized they are actually orange not yellow. I decided I didn't hate the orange so started wearing them. I live in Florida and everyone commented that they are Florida gators colors. I'm not into team sports so it was actually more annoying than anything. I had already worn them so I couldn't even exchange them. Other than that they aren't bad shoes. Seem to hold up very well. I'll probably order these again someday just in a different color.
B005ZFCUIA A little tight, but cute. I love the way these shoes look. They are so cute. I keep getting compliments on them. The only thing I would say I don't like about them, is that they do run a bit small. I normally wear a 71/2 and I feel like I am wearing a 7. So I would suggest going up a 1/2 size. Besides that, I have no complaints. Other than the area of my toes, the shoes are quite comfortable. I had my nephew stretch them out for me a bit, and now I am in love with my sneakers :).  First time buying Pumas, and I think that next time I need a pair of sneakers I'll look to this company again.
B005ZFCUIA love my shoes Awesome fitting.. I could not be happier.. I would recommend these to any one and whey one. Thanks so much.
B005ZFCUIA Love these shoes I love these shoes, I bought them as a motivation to workout after having my baby and so far so good
B005ZFCUIA Weird shoe I have come to the conclusion that I should not buy shoes meant for comfort without first trying them on.I have the same issues as some other reviewers - clunky feeling on my foot, laced up tight they still feel loose on my heel, and my feet ache and start to fall asleep after prolongued use. I can't imagine someone buying these as a dedicated running shoe.Oh well. They lace up properly and protect my feet from roadside debris, so not a TOTAL loss, but they are definitely on the low end of comfort when it comes to fitness shoes.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoes These are the first pair of pumas I have ever bought. These trainers are awesome the most comfortable that I have ever worn and I work out daily. Excellent for running walking and aerobics. Going to by a few more pairs..
B005ZFCUIA Love these!!! I've always wanted a nice pair of Puma's and I absolutely love these! They are pretty and stylish, and are perfect for running and working out at the gym as they are nice and light! I am usually between a 7 and 7.5, I decided to go with the 7.5 as I know that Puma's are a little more fitted and run smaller. These fit perfect! They were a little snug at first but after a few uses they have shaped perfectly to my feet. My new favorite pair of shoes for the gym!
B005ZFCUIA Great pair of shoes. Fits perfectly as expected. Looks just like the picture as expected. I would definitely get a new pair in the neR future.
B005ZFCUIA Great pair of sneakers These are nice fitting shoes, they are super bright, and they are perfect for the gym. Get yours and be the envy of all your friends!
B005ZFCUIA My new faves! These are super comfortable! Love them for dance, workout, and working!! Will definitely get another pair sometime! Fit is great as is feel.
B005ZFCUIA happy so far I like the Puma brand to begin with.  I bought a pair of Saba Ballet flats a year ago for comfortable work shoes.  I get compliments on them all the time and despite the frequent wear, they've lasted.  I will be picking up another pair before they even consider discontinuing them.  So, because of the good experience I had with the flats, I thought I'd give these running shoes a try.  So comfortable.  The friend I run with stopped in her tracks when she saw me "CUTE SHOES!"  I'll update my review after I've had some time in these.  But so far, I'm a happy girl.
B005ZFCUIA These shoes are awesome : ) I bought these shoes for work because I'm on my feet all day and always on the go. These shoes are soo comfy. I am constantly up and down stairs on a daily basis and I can say my feet have not hurt since I bought these shoes. They look exactly the way they are shown and they weren't too badly priced. I would definitely buy another pair.
B005ZFCUIA Black Puma Cell riaze -electric colors-WOW! Beautiful, I have been wanting black - and I would like a pair of black shoe laces to interchange with the hot pink. I am in the gym 2 hours each day - they are perfect for what I do and everyone stares at me...lol I want them in white with the electric blue cat, but you don't have my size . I need 81/2 and you have 9.  Cool Me......ReneY
B005ZFCUIA Great shoes Love! Very lightweight and comfortable. Just went for my first run in them last night. They fit true to size. These are my second pair of Puma runnung shoes and I can easily day that I'm a Puma loyal for life.
B005ZT6ODS Hands down these pants are her favorite. My daughter had a pair of these which she wore over and over and eventually outgrew, so I got her another pair the next size up, and she wears them several times a week. They are incredibly comfortable, she says.They fit better than any other yoga pant we've come across. She is not overly thin, but she is trim from playing soccer, and most other elastic waist pants are too loose around her waist. These fit closely enough in the waist and hip to stay put without being overly tight or uncomfortable. I would give these a five star rating for fit alone.These are a bit pricy for a child's clothing item, but well worth every penny because of how much they are used and loved. I will be ordering a second color for Christmas.
B005ZTU4XO LOVE IT ONE OF THE NICEST SHIRTS I HAVE BOUGHT IN AWHILE! THE GIRL, I BOUGHT IT FOR LOVED IT ALSO! VERY CUTE! WOULD RECOMMEND!
B0064IPTA8 New shoes Puma shoes have been a personal favorite for the last few years.  I bought these when i searched for green shoes.  No problems, solid construction and no issues with the first 50 miles already walked.
B0066ALBZ6 Great price! Absolutely love the product and the price I paid for it - looked great when it came, all in the box and everything and shipped fast.
B0069RLF8Y No blisters! They feel great on half marathon runs. I have tried many brands and styles but these are the ones for me. I have a midfoot to heel running style and these seem to work well for that. Lots of cushion but not too stiff. Most important to me is smooth interior of shoe. On my third pair of the same style. That says it all.
B0069RLG4W The greatest sneakers! These are by far the most comfortable sneakers I've ever worn. Pumas are always my favorite, but these are even better than my last favorite pair. I feel like I could run all day wearing these! They feel like I'm walking on clouds. Wonderful fluffy bouncy turquoise clouds. So awesome. And I love the color, it's such a great bold turquoise. Love. &lt;3
B0069RLG4W Excellent I love this shoes because its lightweight, comfort. My girls love too and I bought 3 pairs, one for me and one for each girl.  They love too for the same reason confort and light
B006GCON3Q Questionable quality Looks great, but pin that's used to set time fell out.  I was able to put it back in,  Not sure how secure it will be or if it will fall out again & get lost.
B006IX5NMS Too bad amazon don't sell it anymore I bought this for my son because I liked that it is all leather and flexible. He grew a bit and I wanted to order another one but alas, amazon does not sell this anymore.It's a good soccer shoe
B006IY2Q2C PUMA - Indoor Soccer Shoes My daughter LOVES these indoor soccer shoes. She had the blue and white ones before and now chose black and yellow for the next size up. By far her favorite shoes. She says they make her super fast and make her kick bigger. Plus, they are puma...so what could be better, right?
B006L269QU i love them these shoes are just perfect they fit wonderful they look amazing on and there very comfortable ...and the price is great i will be ordering another pair soon i just love them overall.....also the colors are beautiful ...a must buy ...dont think about it.... get them b4 they go u wont be sorry ;)
B006L2WF2M This was the most comfortable shoe, had the best touch, and the best cushioning. I practice hard every day and play on a competitive club team in winter and in summer, so I burn through shoes quickly. These shoes were by far the most durable, most comfortable, best cushioned and had the best touch out of every brand I have ever owned.  I like also that they have no seems helping to illuminating calluses. One of the best things is that under the insole they have a dense foam cushion all the way through the forefoot. This makes them better at cushioning your joints and muscles on wood and concrete, preventing shin splints and sore knees. I don't play a lot of futsol, when in the USA, but I use a futsol ball for training and they are super nice for touch with this ball as well. I kept all of my indoor shoes from Nike, Adidas, and Puma and assessed which were the best and by far this Puma style was better thought out and has better craftsmanship then any other I've owned. I am going to purchase another pair now, a year later, so I thought I better write a review.
B006LX0LD6 Absolutely adorable My husband loved Puma and this outfit is so cute! My little girl looked adorable in it wearing it with a pair of baby pumas
B006MWH1S4 Great idea, terrible execution for me.  Perfection for my close friend. I returned them for a refund.  I've never bought a pair of shoes where the heal size and the toe size don't come close to matching, and I'm 69, so I've bought allot of shoes.  My good friend Luke has a pair and he totally loves them, and he has had them for 3 years, and plans to by another pair soon.
B006MWH1S4 Love these shoes This particular shoe is my favorite.  I purchased a pair from Macys many years ago which since periled.  I fond these on amazon and they were the same exact ones which I wanted to get.  Sure enough when the package arrived they proved to be the same ones and I am hoping that this sellers sticks around so I don't ever have to miss wearing these again if they do go through wear and tear.
B006O6CXMC Classy! What can I say about this beautiful handbag except that it lives up to it's name.I liked it so much that I bought a black one too.I have many, many handbags but I keep going back to this one because it opens wide and holds a lot too. It's a great addition to any outfit and always classy!
B006OEGJO2 Very Comfy Shoe I love the Puma golf products and this is no different. Its extremely comfortable and even though its white, the dirt wipes off very easy. Wore these for the first time the other day and had no blisters or pain after wearing. I definitely recommend this.
B006OEGJO2 Unbelievably comfortable.... and a STEAL Bought a second pair from Amazon after buying a pair at a golf store and playing one round in them. Super comfy and ballin' at the same time. I think they are getting discontinued so get them if they have your size.  Great deal.
B006OEY2NC great show if it was new I really like the golf shoe but it seemed as though i got a used pair that had scuff marks and grass stains on them
B006OEY2NC Perfect This is my 2nd pair of Puma Faas Grip. for me are the most comfortable shoes. good balance, great grip. not slippery. I recomend this shoes.thanks
B006OEY2NC Great start Only wore them once so far for golfing but they fit well and felt great. That has not always been my experience when using golf shoes for the first time. Very satisfied so far.
B006OEY2NC great golf shoes I ordered a pair too small and returned them.  When I got the right size, I have worm them for three rounds of golf.  They feel VERY comfortable and are easy to clean.  I would buy another pair.
B006OEY2NC Excellent product Excellent product, perfect fit, I love these pair of shoes. Nice shape and so confortable and light weight, not hot shoes.
B006OEY2NC GREAT GOLF SHOES...! At last. I found a very comfortable golf shoes, pretty nice and fashion. I gonna buy in white pair. Thakns.
B006OEY2NC Good golf shoe The shoes are great. They grip well, comfortable, and have lots of appeal.Several people have asked me if they are golf shoes and have inquired aboutgetting a pair. Great pair of shoes at a great price.J
B006OEY2NC A Very Solid Golf Shoe I have now played a few rounds of golf with these shoes and am very happy with the purchase. Shoes are very comfortable. I never have to think about my shoes/feet during a round of golf, so these shoes are doing their job and doing it quite well.
B006OEY2NC golf shoes was looking for a spare pair of golf shoes and these should work just fine. like any shoes little tight to start but as I wear them they will loosen up.
B006OEY2NC Puma golf Shoes I don't golf so this was an adventure for me.  My husband needed a new pair of golf shoes.  I took a big chance and he loves them.  He wore them  and the first time out in them he had the best score he has ever had!  Good shoe, good golf game.  One happy golfer..
B006OEY2NC Not too good in the snow. I am looking forward to using these spikeless shoes as soon as the weather warms. Snow severely limits my distance and these shoes are not tall enough to keep the flakes out - oh. maybe I am the flake; who knows. It is a bonus that dealing with two pair of shoes at the course in a non-issue.
B006OEY2NC wouldnt purchase again i bought these shoes in the middle of the season this year and they were what i was expecting at first, extremely comfortable, looked great easy to clean. but by the third or fourth time i put them on the soles began to separate and fall apart, i could see this happening after maybe a year or so but not after just a few times. this is the first pair of puma shoes that ive ever been disappointed in
B006OEY2NC One of the best! It was a mistake ordering a size smaller.. but still one of the best golf shoes I've bought. Very light and has very good traction/grip on the fairway (even on those uphill and downhill lies). Awesome looking too!On top of it all, i got them at a very good price!
B006OEY2NC Great pair of shoes and price. I liked these on my first round out. Very comfortable and did not hurt my feet. These are my first spike less pair of shoes and I am very happy with them. I've only used them once and did not feel like I had to break them in. I feel like it was a great buy for myself.
B006OEY2NC Best golf shoe I ever bought. Best golf shoe i ever bought. Comfortable from the start no breaking in  required. In fact i liked the first pair so much i have 2  new pairs waiting in the wings.
B006OEY2NC golf shoes I own several pairs of Echo and FootJoy by far this shoe the most comfortable ever right from the first wear
B006OEY2NC Great shoes This is one of Puma's best shoes out there.  My son loves these and wants another pair to match his other Puma outfits.  These have great grip even in moist conditions.  This is a very comfortable walking shoe and I recommend them highly.
B006OEY2NC Best shoes out there These golf shoes are great!  The nubbies on the soles grip well while protecting the greens.  A must have for any golfer, at any level.  I'm seriously considering a second pair!
B006OEY2NC Great shoes I have owned PUMA shoes several times, and they continue to exceed my expectations. As someone who has to buy wide shoes, this pair fits great and perform great- on and off the golf course.
B006OG0FA4 Review Best and most comfortable golf shoes I have ever owned.  Been playing golf for forty years.  Have them in black and white.  Get a lost of compliments and questions on who makes these shoes.
B006QNQSV0 Bought second pair Brown shoes are hard to find.  Add to this fact that having bunions makes finding a good fitting and comfortable pair of shoes harder than finding a needle in a hay stack.  We have two homes and I bought a pair for each!
B006QNQUH2 Love Them! Sizing was similar to Puma athletic shoes.  Comfortable and still look great with black pants, etc.  Definitely my latest go to pair.
B006QNQUH2 Great shoes! I love these shoes.  I did have to exchange for 1/2 size down, but the 8.5's fit great. I wore them all day the first day I had them and had no discomfort.  They look cute with jeans & shorts.  I wish they had them in brown as I'd get another pair.
B006QNQUH2 comfey shoe The first pair I bought were different sizes even though they were both marked the same. Amazon madea difficult return and repurchase (being from overseas) efficient and reasonably painless.The next pair arrived quick and were ok. Have been wearing with no problems.
B006QO2XP4 Puma sneaker I have a similar pair that I wear for 8 years now...this is a very nice replacement! These are comfortable and sleak looking.
B006QOI30I Love these shoes These shoes are absolutely gorgeous. I have been using for several months now and they still feel as great as the first day I bought them. They are perfect for long walks and are just stylish in general!
B006QOI4L6 Great Shoe I have always loved my Pumas since the first pair and these are no exception. True fit and look sharp! Also a great price!!
B006QOI4L6 Nice shoes I'm very happy with my purchase. Great stylish shoes for a great price. My package arrived fast an in a very nice bag
B006QOI4L6 Love them I love these shoes as soon as I pulled them out of the environmentally friendly packaging. I bought them because they're stylish and I'd wanted a pair of what I call 'low-profile' sneakers for a few years now. They're exactly what I had in mind and I'm thrilled with the purchase.
B006QOIEY8 Great Built in Cushion Fit as expected just like last puma pair, I was really skeptical about this model until my order came in.My feet style - Narrow, normal archWalk Style - Pigeon ToeDifference between model 1 infinity and 2 infinity (for people who wore out there shoes can't see the name)Model 1- M2d Idecell- Soft Leather Toe Covering- Individual Cross Rubber Sole~~~~(More flex)- Mesh is breathable softModel 2- dUoCell Idecell- Hard Leather Toe Covering- Connected Rubber with a circle line pattern~~~~(Less flex)- Mesh is texture and little hardI already wore the shoe a few times and can tell these are going to be my new running shoes. I can run down hill and not worry about the tip of my toes hurting because the fit was right. Now I wear a 7.5 and I range from 7-8 through tennie shoes depending on the brands.The amount of cushion built in the sole right under my heel allows these shoes to give me the added cushion for the miles and work on my feet all day long. (Now this very important because I wear the inside soles of my shoes apart and have to buy replacements like Dr. Schols active or something else with the added cushion so that I can keep my shoes longer). The rubber in the Idcell usually takes me 2 years to go through so I went ahead and order a second pair in a different color.The cushioning amount is more noticeable in impact of exercise compared to first putting your foot in a gel sole compared in glycerin brooks. There is just more room to flex your and allow your stride the length to be more natural (more barefoot run).As I had a very hard time getting a 7.5 in the last month and had to venture on ebay. And will continue to update base on shoe mileage and length.
B006QOIFO2 fantastic shoes first i saw the price... then the brand. so i bought them. worth every penny. they are fresh looking, comfortable and durable shoes. liked them so much i bought a second pair. the only downside is that the first two times you wear 'em they might leave your foot a bit sore.
B006QOIGTG My Grandson loves them. I had recently bought another pair of Pumas for my Grandson and he loved them so much I ordered these. These are his favorite of the two.
B006QOIQ4Q Can't go wrong! I gave them 4 stars because you can't go wrong with these shoes.  I liked the styling and multiple colors they come in and they were comfortable.  My size 13 fitted as expected.  Why pay double the price for a pair of nike airmax?  I would have been willing to pay a little more if they had air pockets (hint. hint puma) in the front but overall I didn't miss that as much as I thought compared to my old airmax.  I would recommend to anyone who is tired of paying 180-200 for nike running shoes.
B006QOIQ4Q nice shoe Shoes are great.  They were a bit tight on me, but other than that can't complain. My prior pair of these did have an issue with the front toe pulling away from the  mesh.
B006QOJ3HK Better price here than at FF I purchased these Puma's at at well known outlet (FF). I paid $70.00 for them. You can about imagine the frustration I felt when I could've boughten the same tennis shoes here, at a greatly reduced price! I'm glad I bought them though, they're the most comfortable tennis shoes I've purchased so far. Light on the feet and comfortable walking. You can't go wrong with this shoe, both comfort and cost effective.
B006QOJ5E6 DOPE! Added to the list of sick Pumas I own.  One of my new favorite pair of high tops for sure
B006QOJ8PM Great workout shoes I order these shoes to work out in. I love them! I usually buy Nike but I will definitely be purchasing more Pumas. They have great support and are comfortable. I wish I could find a pair in women sizes though.
B006QOJ8PM High style, low comfort Lots of style. But not so much on comfort. Also, soles are covered with outer vinylWhich makes keeping them clean not easy
B006QOJ8PM Shoe shopping on web Ventured out to buy sneakers from Amazon first time. I have mental block for buying shoes on web. Reasons to buy on web were many fold: Price, Choice of Color and Brand plus no need to drive. There was no disappointment any where. Arrived in time and fit was perfect. I have used it on Treadmill for about a week. No reasons to complain. My Addidas has lasted about six months so i am hoping that this one at least lasts for that much.
B006QOJ8PM Nice Sneaker nothing much to say but they are Ok and fits fine wished they had some in all black not a big fan of white shoes, but hey they were on sale and cheap, price not shoes
B006QOJ8PM Excellent looks and value I was pleasantly surprised at the quality, fit and comfort of this shoe. Stylish too! I have mainly worn New Balance running shoes but I lll make the shift to Puma after this pair wears out
B006QOJ8PM Always great shoes. As long as you know that with Pumas you'll have to usually order half a size larger than usual, you'll be all set. I've only had quality issues with Puma once and with one email to them, they resolved my issue - giving me a coupon code for the cost of the replacement on Puma's website. Great shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Just what he wanted This is my sons 3rd pair in this style. First pair in black. He says they are comfortable and fit as previous two pairs.
B006QOJ8PM I love this shoes but the n ext day I went ... I love this shoes but the n ext day I went to finish line and they were $25 Dollars cheaper.
B006QOJ8PM surprised but not really I was a little concerned when I first opened these up. They looked, well cheap. I'm a Puma freak. Literally all my sneakers are Puma's. So when I picked these up my first reaction was wow these are plasticky and poorly made. Well I put them on and let me just say that these are my most comfortable pair I own.. I'm extremely pleased with the comfort. Might have to get another pair in a different color!
B006QOJ8PM Fits just right. Fits as expected, feels great on my feet.  I haven't bought Pumas in years, love these so much, I bought another pair.
B006QOJ8PM Great Buy Great value. Comfortable fit! Wish I had bought a pair for my significant other. He really likes them. I highly recommend these shoes!
B006QOJ8PM Average comfort but cool looking I was first drawn to the PUMA Tazon shoe because of it's stylish look.  But when I put them on they were a little snug and not as comfortable as my past pair of Adidas or Head Tennis shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Nice shoe This was a gift for my boyfriend. They are true to size and picture. He is very pleased. These are his first pair of puma's. And he says they won't be his last.
B006QOJ8PM He Loved Them Bought these for my boyfriend from after him having a pair of Nike's and he's absolutely in love with them!
B006QOJ8PM Shoes These is tha besets shoes I have ever done had.  I ran my first 4 minutes mile today and am oh so happy.  Wha, wha??  If'in you buy these shoes, then you are OK.
B006QOJ8PM From One Who Never Writes Reviews All I can say is this shoe is awesome.  I'm on my feet all day, walking around a warehouse.  Very comfortable.  Took about a full day to break in.  Not used to wearing Puma shoes, so I thought I made a mistake when I first put them on.  They seem narrow, but in reality, they fit as they should.  Definitely go up one full size.  I usually wear an 11.5, and got the 12.  They work for me.  Wish I had purchased 2 pair at the Deal of the Day price.  Hope it comes up again.
B006QOJ8PM Great for the price Great fit and very ccomfortable. Also the look is exactly what I wanted. I would recommend these to anyone that is looking to buy a nice pair of athletic ahoes.
B006QOJ8PM Started falling apart the 2nd time I wore them. I bought these as purely a shoe to wear to work. I sit at a desk most of the day. On the second day I wore these shoes, I noticed that the rubber sole was peeling away at the heel on one shoe.Because of this, I cannot recommend them and can't imagine them being used for working out, outdoors, etc.Maybe I received a bad pair. I actually purchased mine from 6PM which was about $30 cheaper than Amazon.
B006QOJ8PM puma he loves this shoes! gave them as a birthday gift. I would recommend them to anyone. great price and product
B006QOJ8PM Drat. Two stars for looks. A very handsome pair of shoes. Would love to tell you how they perform and last but they are so undersized there was no need to even tie one shoe. I do look forward to them getting some in a larger size.
B006QOJ8PM unique Love the unique style, not a pair usually seen. Previous puma have always worn well, very comfortable. Same pair 55 at penneys and just 40 at big5. Bought two pairs, when one set wears out will already have an extra pair. Hate looking around later for shoes and styles/colors very hard to find. Amazon usually a good place for a large variety of shoes, pay extra to get what i want when cant find in stores(or just get tired of looking).
B006QOJ8PM This Shoe ROCKS! First pair of Pumas ever and won't be my last. Just ordered another pair, different style. Super comfortable,well made and everyone takes notice. They look great w/ track pants, shorts and jeans. Love the color and especially the large Puma outline on the side of the shoe. Pictures don't do justice. Buy these now!
B006QOJ8PM Awesome Very comfortable, excellent support, amazing price. Have them in white and black. Strongly recommended if you are on your feet all day or just looking for an awesome running shoe!
B006QOJ8PM Nice I got these for my 23 y.o. son for Christmas.  He loves the Puma brand.  This is his 3rd pair.  They are comfortable and true to size.
B006QOJ8PM Good shoes, good fit, not as flexible as other Puma's I've owned one other Puma brand shoe that I paid similarly for in the store. I decided to go with this one as it was the same price, but obviously I don't pay for anything other than the cost of the item like I do in the store, making this a bit cheaper than the in-store option.The shoes look great. They're a leather or faux leather material, and visually you can tell this. My previous Puma's had a mesh-type front. Because of this difference, these are a bit inflexible and not nearly as comfortable as my previous shoes. The plus side to this is they're easier to clean, and a bit warmer on the foot in colder climates.I bought these as an alternative to dress shoes. They're a bit more colorful than a normal dress shoe, but even with the above issues they are still much more comfy than dress shoes. They're pretty darned stylish looking, too! I have received many positive comments since I've start wearing them :) All in all I still wish they had the mesh toes like my previous Puma's, but they still are pretty good shoes.
B006QOJ8PM Great look and comfort all in one The look of the sneaker is really nice. I've had a few random people compliment them. But what good would a good looking pair of sneakers be if your feet were killed after walking in them? No worries about that happening with these Pumas. No matter what surface you walk on, you'll feel like your walking on a cushioned surface. I've walked several miles in them in just the few days I've had them and I absolutely love the comfort!I'll be getting another pair of different color !
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes I love how the shoes have a cushion on the front part of the sole. The reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the cushion not being on all of the sole. Nice shoes overall for the lightning price.
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable I have never has a puma sneakers before so this is my first and it is very comfortable. I will probably purchase another one since the price is reasonable.
B006QOJ8PM love the style had a pair very similar to these and had a tough time throwing them away.  Got this when they went on sale through lightning deals.Love it
B006QOJ8PM Great product Great product , glad I returned my nike and got this one first lot better and it's firm on your foot
B006QOJ8PM love first pair of pumas ever and i love them great shoe i wear them to work for eight hours a day and feet never hurt
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes My son wears these everyday and they look great.  He said they feel great and wants another pair for summer sports.
B006QOJ8PM Second pair of Puma's I've owned.  Most comfortable shoes ever! I love the styes and colors that Puma shoes offer.  Just bought my 8yr old his first pair of Pumas
B006QOJ91U Good Product Bought this for jogging. This was delivered on time and fits well and soft inside. Looking forward to good jogging experiences with this new pair of shoes.
B006QOJ91U Great shoes! This is my second pair of Pumas and I must say that I continue to be very pleased.  The shoes are comfortable and very attractive.  I wore Pumas as a youth and I appreciate the brand as a whole!
B006QOJDAW worst fit ever I've owned 3 generations of the espera, this one being the latest (now dubbed "diva"). it is by far the cheapest, most uncomfortable construction ever. The material inside is rough. The toebox is incredibly stiff and unyielding for what is supposed to be leather (I think they added too much canvas or something). The lining is coarse on barefeet. The heel part is too high and cuts into the achilles. The sizing is way off. I initially bought the 6.5 since the previous size 6 was a tad too small. The 6.5 fitted like a 7! Just terrible. I really wanted to love this shoe but sadly I can't.
B006QOJSXE love puma, but not these I bought these in Black /Red to add to my collection but had to return them because they are cut differently than the other 4 pair I have. While I loved the style and fun color options, the cut across the top of the foot is shorter, does not stretch, and digs into both top sides of my foot. The 9 I usually wear was also bigger than previous similar Puma's. While not a sneaker girl at all, I am on my feet at work with my new job and love these shoes for their comfort and sassy style alternative. Love the others, just disappointed in this particular shoe.
B006QOK6TY LOVE THESE SHOES I can't say enough for theses shoes ---they are priced right and the comfort exceeded my expectations----so much that I bought  my daughter a pair
B006QOK6TY Stiff These shoes are wonderful to wear with jeans and overall I am very happy with my pair. However, they are taking a long time to break in and have been giving me blisters on the backs of my heels.
B006QOKESC Great Deal! Needed a gym shoe and picked this one up because i know Puma's pretty comfy.I think this is a great deal, you can't go wrong spending $30 for this quality brand.These are exactly what i was looking for.
B006QOKWDE Amazing!!!! Best shoes ever!!! These pair of shoes are perfect for motorsports. If you do fencing this pair is perfect!! Amazing!!!
B006QOL57G perfect sneakers colour is just as stated love it perfect I will buy another pair for my daughter she love it also my niece
B006QOL57G Puma Loser Loved the way this shoe looked, and the price was right too. But unlike another pair of Pumas that were lightweight and nearly barefoot construction, I found these to be uncomfortable-- with a seam right across little toe area--and stiff. Wish I had not worn my old Pumas so much that the style number disappeared. But not these puppies: they got sent back the same day they arrived!
B006QOL57G One Stylish Shoe I bought this for my wife as a Christmas gift since she loves all the colors involved (Nearly a steal with lightning deals). They were a perfect fit and she loves them! These shoes are designed very well (aesthetically). The quality appears lacking presumably because these shoes are manufactured in a country other than the US. As described in the title, these sneakers are definitely more meant for fashion than durability under high-stress situations.All-in-all: If you're looking for a visually appealing pair of shoes (What woman isn't?), then you have found the pair!
B006QP38XY Love them What I like about these shoes is the look and their sophisticated style . I can honestly say I am completely satisfied with them. I don't know how long they gonna last because I don't wear them much often but so far so good.
B006QP38XY Great shoes!!! I ordered these shoes after seeing them in a store and I fell in love. the price however was a little steep and I found these online and they were outrageously cheap. I got them within 4 days and they were as comfortable as I remember. One thing I love about these shoes is that they wont crease. you see, the gray strip acts as both a design to the shoe AND a premade line. I take great care in my shoes and one day, I looked down to see if I creased them yet. I usually test my shoes and I purposely tried to crease them but upon inspection, no crease was made! I love these shoes and they look great and feel extremely comfortable! Puma definitely knew what they were doing here.
B006QP38XY Great high tops These would be among some of the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn - they've got a nice soft fleecy lining and comfortable soles as well. They're an excellent fit, and look great with a pair of jeans. Highly recommended! :D
B006QP38XY HIGH TOP FOR YOU AND MORE Great high top shoe and light. True high top unlike other shoes that are mid top and are sold as High top. This look great with jeans.
B006QP38XY Hard to put on. I was looking for a substitute for my annual buy of Converse but couldn't find them. so I choose these.At first I liked them, now not so much. I am not using them for sports though, I pretty much wear them every day. First of all, they are very high top, your foot has to go in at a 90 degree angle, which makes them hard to pull on. Second, the velcro straps are annoying. I don't see the reason for them. We played as kids years ago and my sneakers never came off without the straps, so, I cut them off. Third, the laces stick to the Velcro, so you have to yank them off to start tying the shoes.Forth, the soles are quite flat and I have high arches so I bought a pair of Dr. Scholl's instep pads which adds enough support without flattening.Overall, I need to find the Connie's again.
B006QP3CCQ my first pumas i have a nice collection of sneakers, mostly chucks, but these are my first pair of pumas. I purchased them because of the color and price. They are comfy and cute. I think there will be more puma sneakers in my future!
B006QPLVA6 Great all around I bought these boots for a trip to Costa Rica due to the material for the fact that I would be in rainy and muddy conditions. They held up to my expectations, kept my feet dry and where easy to clean. I also used them this past winter for the NYC snow. They are not winter boots when it comes to insulation, but they work well for grip. I spent a month birding in California, hiking many miles up into the mountains and along the beach and these boots kept up. No sand entered and they worked well for climbing up and down mountain sides. Only downside is that the sole seems to wear down quickly. Had them for a year and I am thinking about buying another pair. Perhaps it is due to the fact that I wear them almost daily.
B006QPN91K Prepare for compliments; not for the shy Absolutely LOVE this shoe. I have yet to get anywhere (where you'd be appropriate to wear sneakers) and NOT get compliments on them.  The simple styling, bright white, BMW logo, high accent red... I could go on.  Everyone asks where I got them.Be careful though.  Any scuff or mark will be VERY visible. I wouldn't run in these; I wouldn't got to a crowded bar or event in them either.  They are beautiful, but mainly for show.  They happen to be very comfortable, lightweight and durable (as most Pumas are), but they will certainly get noticed. I could do without the fabric label on the side, however.Amazon sells a lower-priced Puma that is a bit less flashy (and not BMW Motorsports), so if you want the style and look of the shoe without the expense or pretense, I recommend them.I wish Audi would team up with Puma and make a pair as well.
B006QQ0WYG to  hight  price  for  all  and also  youare  charge  to much for sent the  price  is  to  much  high  also  about  send  charging  to  hight  I can  but  any  more  i  see  the  shipment  free  just  you  lie  by  sell  after  pay  you  charge  the  shipment  what  class  bussines  is  the
B006QQ0WYG gift for my son he loves the sneakers; he previously had white Pumas which wore out and was happy to find this comparable pair
B006QQ0WYG great shoes They are great looking and high quality shoes. They are my first puma Ferrari and I like them so much that I an going to by again for sure. I went into a puma store and I got to try one pair to see how they look and feel, but they where pretty expensive. I find out the size I wear and then I bought a pair from amazon and I got the best deal.
B006QQ0Y7G Poor workmanship I've owned many pairs of pumas over the years and this one was quite different than what I'm used to. First, and to a lesser degree of importance to me, was the sizing. These easily run a whole size too small - with socks. If you're used to wearing socks, then order a size bigger. Otherwise, the 10.5 fit my foot like a glove without socks. This I could live with since the style of the shoe, with its super low sides and low top, would make wearing socks odd to begin with.The bigger issue is the workmanship. For example, they don't roll the edges in the lace section. What this means is that the inner foam layer between the leather outside and inner cotton is exposed. Not only does this look tacky and cheap being in such a prominent place, but it can deteriate the shoe more quickly.Thanks to amazons great return policy, back it went.
B006QQ129K Fun Shoes! These shoes are both pleasing to my eyes as well as my feet. I would buy this brand again as long as they are in the high top.
B006QQ14NY Got it at a low price, but do not see it was nearly 100$ normal price It was at a bargain price. But when you see the material it is not as good and leather as my other Puma Ferrari shoes. Seems like plastic, feels like plastic and feels it will not last for long. The stripe print is not impressive, but cheap. I love my other pair that I got from the Puma Outlet at only slightly more dollars, but this pair is not going to be my favorite..
B006QQ14NY Puma Speed Cat in Dandelion/White/Black I love Puma tennis Shoes, they are normally true to my actual shoe size.  Being disabled with many vascular issues, I was recently diagnosed with Type II Diabetes - insulin dependent (I'm a petite person in height and weight), it is extremely difficult to find and then purchase any shoe(s) that isn't heavy or have a heel higher (owe I do miss my high heels at 5'1&#34; tall) than 1-1/2 inches, it just no fun.  But buying Puma's through their outlet, Amazon; or other authorized stores; and then only if they are on sale, it is a wonderful day.  That old saying, &#34;...having your cake and eating too....&#34;, I CAN'T have cake, I CAN'T eat it either. At least I can satisfy my sweet tooth a wee bit by being able to purchase most of my Puma's from Amazon. Yes, I'm a collector (blessed with 6 pair so far) of Puma tennis shoes, if I can find the style I like and if they are on sale (a good sale).  When ever I wear any of my Puma's, I always get compliments, when I ware the bright yellow Puma's, people actually stopped me and complimented me on this particular style and color choice.  They are a wonderful fit; feel; and seem to literally weigh just ounces.
B006QQ1B3W Its a puma! What else do you need to know? I love pumas and have 5 different pair and these look great but one thing to note. The tips of most shoes are flat or rounded slightly but these are bordering pointy so be aware of that. Other than that they look awesome!
B006QQ1B3W light weight Puma Cat 4 are very light weight, and at times you do not even know you have shoes on., i have bought a extra pair just in case i can no longer find any.....
B006QQ1B3W Incredibly comfortable, lightweight, low-profile, but easily scuffed I love these shoes, but I did buy them during an Alaskan winter, so I suppose I have no-one else to blame. The suede is a wonderful finish to the shoes, but attracts dirt like flies to flypaper.I tried some other Puma shoes locally to get a feel for Puma's sizing, and it does run small. I usually wear a 12, but a 13 Puma fits just right.They're soft and flexible, but the right shoe did start to fray at the top right lace loop after six wintery months.I'll be buying a replacement pair, but only as a summer shoe.
B006QQ1DKS Puma Men's Driving Power 2 Mid SF Fashion Sneaker The pumas were great these are the second pair I bought for my husband he fell asleep in them. He wears them for driving and he loves the ankle support it gives, he wants them in every color. Highly recommended.
B006QQ1DUI I love them. Since the first time I saw this shoes on the mall I fell in love with them but they where kinda pricy, now that I found them online I didn't think it twice to buy them and I love them.
B006QQ1HZ4 the best This is by far the best, puma shoes I had ever bought before!!!! highly recommended this white ones a really cool.
B006QQ1HZ4 Puma Future Cat These shoes are sharp! Made well and for a decent price. The yellow is bright, but I wouldn't say vibrant.
B006QQ1HZ4 Cat M1 Big 102 The style is to die for.  Great fit with one size larger! I'm going to order a few more Pumas for the gym and outside activities.NOT to mention the price was right.  Maybe Puma needs to sponsor me!  John
B006QQ1HZ4 Great This shoes are the best the colors and the conforts it's awesome and the price is the right i am
B006QQ1HZ4 Amazing Comfortable, Low Price, Great shoe, glad i bought it here rather than paying $110 at the puma store, saved me $336 month update : Shoes are still in amazing condition and absolutely no tearing or bad wear on the shoes
B006QQ1MAY Awesome Puma High Tops I wear these to the gym and are nice enough to wear casually with a pair of jeans. I love these shoes.
B006QQI3ZQ Nice pair of shoes I like these shoes a lot. I was surprised when they got here they fit snug but after awhile they don't bother you at all. They're well designed and the package they came in was pretty cool. Overall good buy and would recommend for the price I paid for them.
B006QQI76Q shoes are ok one of the shoes came with a problem in the point of the shoe I am not sure if I will return it yet
B006QQI76Q Great shoes,you need to buy yourself a pair This is like walkin barefoot.Great shoe great price and it fits great. These shoes are super for yard sale walking and gardening
B006QYHHFU Not what I expected I ordered this hoodie after trying out the exact same model in a store. I delayed my purchase at the store and by the time hoodie was sold out. So I looked up Amazon and purchased from Amazon.What I received from Amazon is a much lower quality product. - The inside lining of the hoodie (the head cover, which is of the same color as the logo on the chest) is of poor quality cloth. The one I found in the store was a very different material and of much better quality.- Size 'S' fit me well when I tried in the store. So I ordered the same size from Amazon. What I received from Amazon is longer and bigger- There is Puma logo near to the cuff of the left arm. This logo was of synthetic embosed material in the one I tried out in the store. On the hoodie that I received from Amazon it was just a thread embroideryOverall what I saw in the store is not what I received from Amazon. Could be that what I found in the store is 'Made in U.S.A. The one I got from Amazon is 'Made in China'. Anyways, i am not too happy about this purchase, not for the price I paid for sure
B006QYHHFU love this hoodie This is a great product and for a great price. I recommend buying it. I received lots of compliments when I wore it
B006QZ3X02 I'd buy another pair..... These pants fit well and the fabric is nice.  I'd buy another pair if they had my size.....It seems I bought the last medium.
B006SZ5JCK They send me not the want I order I paid for the white one and you send me the black one. I'm not returned it because I don't live in USA so it would be so difficult but I hope this will be the first and the last that I bought you
B006SZ5RYU My teenage son loves it! I bought this for Christmas for my teenage son and he loves it!  I had previously purchased another white Tony Hawk watch that he didn't love so I returned it and bought him this.  He loves the design and the look of it!
B006SZ5YNO Great deal And Price Unbeatable price! Brand New Item with box. Fast shipping.Item above my expectation.Good quality material, for general Use or for work.
B006U0RYC6 Jen Jen I love my new sneakers they are awesome and fits nicely comfy Love the puma detail in the front of the sneaker thedelivery was fast
B006VWJSL8 PUMA LOVER Another one of my husbands favorite jackets.  He loves Puma and has about 3 black/white jackets to rotate and has shoes to match.
B006VYXJ52 Nice shoes I was looking for puma shoes and I saw does one. They are not flashy like the ones wered by ricky folder but they are pretty classy!! I did nt were it for a all 18 holes because is winter here, but i were it for a while and they are really confortable. That s the first time a will were a shoes whit so many spike.
B006VYXUVU 3rd time not a charm This is our third pair as I like the easy on/off and the hi-top ankle support and lite arch support.But the quality on these are not super good. The stitching that holds the green elastic has come off and now the elastic is  open.  All this after one month.
B006VYXVZ0 LOVE LOVE LOVE bought these for my grand daughter for school. She absolutely loved them!!Couldn't wait to wear them the first day to school.
B006WBUL1Y So comfy I bought the H street ballet sneaker for a quick comfy slip on sneaker to run out the door in.  But, it was so comfortable, I bought a second pair.  No need to break them in and I can walk miles and miles in them.  Best shoes I've ever owned.
B006WDOIEI Those are a great looking pair of shoes The shoes look great. The back of the shoe above the ankle is a bit high and the first couple of times wearing them felt weird and a bit uncomfortable around the ankles. I'm still breaking them in, so maybe that issue is attributed to the shoes being new. They're comfortable in the front and there is a lot of cushioning.
B006WEI3BQ Light and comfortable Though these sneakers cost more than I wanted to pay and purple wasn't my first choice for sneakers (what happened to plain white sneakers?) they are surprisingly comfortable after hours of walking over uneven ground.  They are much lighter than my last pair (of Reeboks) which I'm sure contributes to the comfort.  The purple isn't too intense so if I squint they almost pass for plain sneakers.  As a surprise added benefit, they have a low profile so I didn't have the usual qualms about packing sneakers in my suitcase.  They took up about the same amount of space as a pair of Teevas.  They have just become my favorite travel shoe and will be the first sneaker I look at when these need replacement.  Now that I've had a chance to wear them I'd also say they are certainly worth what I paid for them.
B006WEI3BQ Classic Sneakers I bought these sneakers because they  fit great and were awesome looking. Little did I know that I would walk for miles in them on a vacation trip and not get tired. I toured southern Florida with my son and I don't think we missed any location. I wore these sneakers every day for two weeks and enjoyed the balance and the  light and easy flow with each step. This is my first experience with Puma and I'm glad that I was able to purchase them from Amazon.We'll keep this brand in mind for future purchases
B006WEI3BQ LOVE the fit, dont really like the thin sole i got this last week as part of my new weight lose program and i really LOVE these! great fit and great price. my only remark would be that maybe hey should put a thicker bottom as i can almost feel little stones on the pavement thru them, but grea product!
B006WEI3BQ Comfortable, light shoe I initially bought these shoes to wear for exercising, however once I received them and tried them on, I wear them all the time now! The fit is true to size, I have very wide feet, and bunions, which are incredibly painful in certain shoes. They don't hurt me at all in these! No pinching! The fabric is very breathable, and cleans easy. My only problem with them was when I received them I was expecting a slightly heavier shoe. It has a foam-like sole, and if you've never had any shoes with a similar sole, it takes a little getting used to. Otherwise, quality product from Puma!
B006WEI3BQ yea for PUMA I usually wear size 6 or 7 if I'll be using my inserts.  They did run a little smaller & fit exactely without the inserts.  It's like wearing a confortable pair of slipers!  I will be wearing them a lot :)
B006WO90Q8 Pretty good This is my second pair, but I think the first one (which is not quite the same) feels a little bit better.
B006WO90Q8 Love them! We found a pair of these at Bealls and my boyfriend bought them.  We searched high and low to find another pair, then I turned to Amazon!  He loves these shoes.  They don't crowd his toes.
B006WORPAG Great sporty looking shoe These are great shoes my girlfriend bought for me for my birthday because I didn't have a pair of &#34;cool&#34; sneakers, just my running shoes.So far so good been wearing them for a week no issues. For the earth lovers these ship in a canvas bag and not a typical shoebox.
B006ZNNYPE two pair I loved puma so much when I was a child it is great to have them available in my older years
B007064X82 Well What can I say about this beautiful handbag except that it lives up to it's name.I liked it so much that I bought a black one too.I have many, many handbags but I keep going back to this one because it opens wide and holds a lot too. It's a great addition to any outfit and always classy!
B0071BUID0 I am very much pleased I bought it for my boyfriend and he LOVES it. He was very much surprised and i had him grinning from ear to ear,lol. He had it in his amazon cart from last year December, and i just surprised him and bought it. Personally, i really like the design of the sneaker, the colour combination works really well with each other. So all in all, he was the one who i sought to please and i did it.
B0071BVJ10 Cool Pair of Shoes! They're a replica of MAMGP F1's 2013 racing shoes, and at sixty five bucks, they're a steal! Thing with these (like most Puma shoes) is that you should order a size bigger than you'd usually wear. They're quite snug so if your foot is wide, I'd suggest you think twice because they might be too tight. And the seller also threw in a Nike+ iPod Nano arm band. I welcome freebies, especially those that just might be used :)
B0071BW9KK I get the pair of shoes but the same foot bad, not recommended at all, because I get the pair of shoes for the same foot that terrible mistake. bad
B0071BW9KK SHOES LOVE MY PUMA SHOES, THEY GO WITH EVERYTHING, I HAVE BOUGHT SEVERAL PAIR IN DIFFERENT COLORS. DON'T NO WHAT YOUR MISSING...
B0071BW9KK Amazing I adore Pumas. At the usual $70ish per pair, I was Thrilled to find these. True to size, expected quality, arrived before schedule. My only regret is that I didnt think to look here before!
B0071BW9KK Love them I absolutely love these new shoes.  I even ordered same brand different colors.  It was an awesome deal!!  They as so light and breathable!  I would definitely order them again.
B0071BW9KK Looks Great feels Horrible! I was so excited to fine a pair of Puma at such a great deal. I love Puma kicks and the price was right but after wearing them for 30/40 minutes I had two blisters one each on the back of my foot just above my heel. I had to stop in a shoe store in the mall and buy a pair of sandals just to get through the day. A nice lady in the mall offered me some band aids for my blisters! Be careful with this purchase I don't recommend them. I think it was the flap in the back of the shoe that kept rubbing against my skin. I still have a dark mark on the back of my right foot!
B0071BW9KK Very nice pair. I was so happy you had this color that maches my uniform for work. They had them at the Footlocker store, but another customer took the last pair.
B0071BW9KK Love me my Pumas! I love Pumas.  I ordered this pair on sale and I am so happy I did!  They are cute and suprisingly, they have wonderful arch support.  Very happy with this purchase. True to size and description.
B0071BW9KK got blisters from flap on back of shoe i chose this item for the brand,the tongue and flap on back of shoes gave me blisters, i like color and style and price
B0071BW9KK Pretty light and modern design This pair of excercise shoes looks and also feels pretty good, great quelity materials used, Its a Puma, what else you need?
B0071EAEFO Great Shoes These shoes are great.  Light weight and comfortable, the make great soccer or workout shoes.  I ordered a second pair I liked them so much.
B0071F0IN6 Nice looking shoe but it blew out towards end of the season! For the price this isn't a bad shoe, but we didn't get a whole season out of the cleat because the toe box blew out.  Granted my son had a growth spurt and shoe was tight, but we were trying to get two more games out of them before the end of the season.  Unfortunately I had to go to Play-it-Again sports to get him a backup pair until indoor starts this Winter.  I found a decent pair of Nikes for $9.99 that were barely used and normally sell for $100.  Anyway, I would recommend these cleats for younger athletes that won't be too hard on the cleats.  If you play a lot of tournaments and regular season games then I'm not sure these will last a full season.
B0071F0K66 Love them ! I love those shoes. I did not put 5 stars because I haven't used them that much and my experience with others cleats has show me that they do not last long. However,  I recommend those cleats... BUT not that much I like to be unique !
B0071F0WQE Great Cleats! I bought these for my daughter and she's loved them from the moment she put them on.  She said they were more comfortable and more flexible than her other pair that are well broken in!
B0071F1KYC LIGHT WEIGHT and 1/2 SIZE TOO SMALL FORTUNATELY, I READ PREVIOUS REVIEWS. This helped me to choose the right size.  My 13 year-old wears an 8 1/2 medium in athletic shoes.  I purchased and 9 medium and it is a good fit.  The shoe is lightweight and there is no padding in the toe area--hopefully this will not be a problem.  For the price, it is an O.K. buy.  Of course, I would feel better if this purchase were no more than $25.  I received the item fairly quickly through the mail and the shipping was included through Amazon Prime--no problems there.  With the discounted price, I expected a much better cleat that just happened to be on sale.  What I got was a medium-Quality shoe for a price that I normally expected to pay including shipping.
B0071QJ5GQ Very cute and the girls loved it! I liked these shoes so much I wish I brought two!  They have had it for over a month and it already looks like it was run over by cars!  My girls do not complain about the fit and believe me my younger one would have something to say if they were uncomfortable!  The pair we got were fine and cost $24 no the $34 that is listed cvurrently!  We love them!  Happy kids, Happy mommy!
B0071RGGYY I love it I love it This shoes are so cute for babys and the price is cheaper red ones are my favorites.
B0071RGGYY Great shoe for crawling/early walking! I have a pair of these and a pair of the popular soft sole slip on shoes (like roobeez).  These are significantly easier to put on (which is nice for a wiggly kid like mine), they fit my son's feet better and have more grip on the bottom.  Besides, not kidding, I get multiple comments on them everytime I bring him out in public wearing them.
B00721GPCW Good product Actually we like the quality of this product that we bought a second pair for our nephew an he is so happy
B00721KB86 My second pair Puma sneaker I have very small feet (size 2.5), I am in my 40's and it's very hard to find sneakers that fit and yet they don't look like they are kids' sneakers.  I liked these in blue so much that I ended up ordering another pair in red.  Very comfortable, light and easy to put them on and taking them off.  Great for traveling especially when you have to go through airport security and you are requested to remove your shoes.
B00727EJIS thank you Fits just right,comfortible while running. Considering getting another pair.lets your feet breath while walking.one two three four five six seven.
B00727EVWM Great Shoes My daughter loves these shoes. We were excited to find a pair like she had when she was first learning to walk. Only difference they were soft soled. These are awesome and now she takes her shoes off and puts them on all by herself.
B00727EVWM My soon loves them These are the 3rd pair of my soon. He love's them, they are comfortable, light weight and durable. We will not look for any other brand!
B00727EVWM My toddler loves these shoes I've always bought my daughter Puma shoes because the fit is great for her, they are always true to size, and the style options are great. She loves this particular pair and gets excited to put them on in the morning.  My only complaint is that they could use a little bit more friction at the bottom.  She sometimes slips on the hardwood so I think it could use a tad more grip on the soles.
B0073FQRHA Great Looking This running shoe is super light and has great style. Only issue I have is the tongue at bottom tends to fold over but I attribute that to the very light material. Its very comfortable and heel support is very good.  Because of the light material used I have a feeling they will last only a season or two but well worth.
B0073G9NNO Great track shoes Bought these for my son. He says they fit well. He has no complaints of pain or soreness after track meet. Great buy and shipping was very fast.
B0073G9NNO Great Price. Held up for the season. These track shoes are far less expensive than almost all of the others and less than his track coach said was possible. He used them the entire season and is still using the first pair for practice. We've purchased a second pair for this spring.They look nice too.
B0073G9NNO GREAT RACING SHOES These are great shoes. I had an orange pair I bought at a shoe store and i wore them for high school track and cross-country season. Once they were to small and getting worn i decided to buy another pair. The shoes shipped fast and fit perfectly. They a are very comfortable shoes, and once these once get worn out, ill probably buy them again.
B0073G9NNO Good fit, good price Great fit, great price. I am already thinking about getting another pair from you at this price! Don't know how you can offer these so cheap
B0073G9NNO Junk..... I am a track coach, and bought these on clearance for one of my runners who could not afford them. The first time he ran with them on the track, 1/2 of the spikes fell out! Literally came flying out! When we tried to put them back in, we found the threads were stripped and they would not hold any spikes at all.They really are junk I am sorry to say. They were not worth the $20 they cost me. If you buy them assume you will need to use them as a spikeless track shoe.
B0073G9NNO I love these shoes!!! These have got to be the most comfortable shoes i've ever ran in in 10yrs. They are so comfortable. You can even wear them around and they dont feel weird as if you were wearing tap dancing shoes. I want to buy another pair very soon. I wish I could find a bunch of different colors for them here... I would definitely buy them.They arrived very fast. Definitely hats off to them for quick delivery. I have amazon prime i base most of my purchases on being able to receive them fast and a good price. well "Prime Sports" Came through big time on both. Directly from the seller USPS!!! I look forward to doing more business with you in the future.
B0073G9Z4Q no miracle worker these shoes are rather cheap looking, they twist a bit the foot when you ran, almoust like they are made for pronators,except they are not. overall they are well enough coushioned and can be used for gym. wouldnt recomand them on concrete. for that use asics,the old models,they protect the feet better. would not purchase again. if you have knee problems,avoid these puma
B0073GAUC2 Very comfortable This is the 3rd pair of shoes for running, biking and working out that I have tried. They are true to color, size and comfort. They are also very affordable.
B0073GAUC2 Replacement its the second pair I got from this model and I finished with the old one my Marathon under 4h last year..
B0073IO2VK love them for now Just barely got them last week so they haven't been put through the ringer, but love them so far.  I love to walk around without shoes and the flexibility of the soles makes the high impact cardio workouts great. Extremely comfortable. Just hope they hold up.
B0073IR6PE Pleasant Surprise I purchased the dark grey and red pair and was surprised how light they were and stylish at the same time. I liked them so much I purchased the yellow pair to play basketball in and also plan to get the green pair as well. One of the best athletic shoes I've owned in a long time and with my running, cross training, and basketball playing I am pleased with my choice 100 percent!!!!
B0073IR6PE Recomended I have to say these shoes are more than I was expecting, comfort, reliability and fashion all in one pair of shoes, I'm happy with them.
B0073IRJOW Bought same style different fit had bought the exact same style before, shoe is much tighter than other pair of same size and style. Not satisfied
B0073IUO62 Finally found shoes without mesh! Most tennis shoes today are made out of mostly mesh which is not good for me going to college in a town when rain is very commonplace. My last pair of shoes were Pumas as well and I really liked the shoe. So after looking around for weeks and coming up empty handed I gave in and started searching the internet. I found these shoes and was a bit skeptical at first on purchasing them without being able to try them on, but everything worked out well. They fit great and keep my feet dry when walking through all those puddles.
B0073IW118 Great fit Love  the way they work on the pickleball court, being so flex able  and would buy another pair. Looks good.
B0073IW118 PUMA TRAINING SHOES loved my purchase, I already own a pair of Puma running shoes and I love the comfort, style and fit... Price wasn't too bad either!! All around great deal.
B0073J8QDE Great Product Great product, and for a very low price. It was a perfect gift for my wife, she is more than happy!
B0073J8SG4 COMFORT Very soft and comfortable on feet - real cushoiny and easy to walk in and well worth the money. Everybody should get a pair
B0073JM59K Great design The leather on these is very nice - shoes are really well made - I have 10 pair of Puma's and these are by far most used and my favorite
B0073JMIMO Unfair It started as $30 when I added it., then after probably a week it become 60 dollars, I don't think it's fair. I was about to buy it today but after I saw the price I change my mind
B0073XIITC nice sneakers Loved loved the shoes, but didn't fit. Couldn't get them in a half size, was hoping that I could have broke my heart to send them back. I'm so picky about my sneakers I don't like all the bright colors that is popular at this time, it's hard to find a nice pair of sneakers.
B0073XIITC Perfect fit As a young lady with big feet (size 11) it is difficult to purchase shoes in store, let alone online. After buying a similar pair of these at JC Penney, I decided to take a chance and order a second pair online once my others wore out. They are very shaped to your feet which I find very comfortable, because though it is shaped it is not TIGHT. I wear these to work where I am on my feet anywhere from 8-12 hours steady every day. The white is also really nice, however they mark up quite easily. Overall, a really good quality shoe and worth what I paid.
B0073XIITC Very comfy It is true that these shoes run a half-size too small.  I wear a size 8 and ordered an 8.5 which fit nicely.  At first the shoe feels stiff, but the material quickly molds to your foot.  I have been wearing my pair at school and after work to walk my dogs.  The shoes do not smell at all. The reddish desert terrain has stained these shoes a faint reddish-brown.Because of the thin sole, I would not recommend these for long day hikes or long road walking; they will wear down fast.  The white also dirties fast, but these shoes can be tossed into the washing machine and come out looking near-new.  (Just don't place them in the dryer!)
B0073XIITC Love Puma Shoes These shoes are super comfortable.  I have tried other name brand shoes for years and finally seen a pair of puma's I loved and they are all I have bought since then.
B0073XIITC great shoes all around I love my pumas they are very comfortable and are exactly as pictured. I will be buying another pair soon.
B0073XIITC Love them! I love these shoes! I needed a pair of sneakers that would go with just about everything and were comfortable. These are both!
B0073XIITC Best shoe I've had in years I actually bought another pair right after wearing them the first time. I love them. Definitely worth the money. :)
B0073XIITC Pretty good on style and fit It's not quite as comfortable as my previous sneakers that were my "go to" New Balance pair for walking, but only on the foot that I broke a few months ago and which is still healing, so giving it a chance. The other foot is great! That's why I didn't send it back. I also own a couple of pairs of the same Puma sneaker (not this one), that I've had for years. I love the sleek look of this particular shoe and while it is not the new neon style, it really fits my own style!
B0073XIITC My new favorite shoe I was worried about the fit but ordered my usual size that I order in other brands and the fit was perfect.  This was my first pair of Puma' s and after wearing them for the past week I have been very pleased with them.  The pink is very bright and I have received many compliments on them.  I will comment on the way they hold up over time as I wear them.
B0073XIITC Best shoe I love these shoes. When these wear out, I will get another pair like it. They are very comfy! Thanks!
B0073XIITC Disappointed in condition I purchased these shoes and they arrived today. I took them out of the box to try them on and as soon as I looked at the right shoe, I noticed the sole is peeling from the leather. I hope that this is an isolated quality issue, and that once I return them and get a replacement, I will love them. I didn't even get to try them on.
B0073XIITC not as good as I thought Compared to the pair of reebok slimtone I was fortunate to have gotten before the old slimtone style was discontinued (with the newer slimtone manufacturers from Vietnam), puma tazon is a disappointment. Harder upper and sole, and much heavier than my old reebok. Also fits on the small side. Shoe is nice looking nonetheless.
B0073XIITC Love these pumas! This shoe is a great fit. Very comfortable and supportive. I love the colors and style. Would definitely buy another pair.
B0073XIITC Love these shoes!!!! I have three pairs of these and love them!!!! They are sturdy and last well. My go to shoe in winter
B0073XIITC Best Shoe! I got these yesterday and wore them today and my workout was amazing!  these are so comfy and I just love all puma cross-trainers but these are my new favorite!
B0073XIITC Nice new sneakers but... I like the colors and it's great to have a new pair of sneakers but the fit is a bit too tight and the sizing runs small. If I were to order a pair of Pima sneakers again I would do at least a half size bigger.  I hope these just don't sit in my closet.
B0073XIITC comment i don't think I have ever loved a pair of shoes until i got these. They fit exactly like I wanted them to and they look perfect!
B0073XIITC Puma Love the Puma's very comfortable and will definately purchase another pair. I will recommend Puma brand. Very light as well as they look good
B0073XIM5W love these shoes Had a pair of these before and wore them out!  got this new pair and am very pleased with them...wear them all the time when not at work.  look great with casual styles. good quality.
B00750SHK8 awesome shoes - wish I could get my size I bought a  pair and I absolutely love it. I do have to get a 1/2 size smaller. I would love to get another pair but can't find my size anywhere - 7 - . I do not where else to search. Puma has made others and I have looked at many other brands but none compare to this pair: stylish and super comfortable.
B00754HAKC amazing Shoes are great.. light weight and breathable.. i work out in them.. run in them.. and hqvw since gotten a second pair..
B0075KKHVU Shoes a big upgrade over previous shoes. I purchased these for my son who plays on our high school soccer team.  He was thrilled (He picked them out.) with them.  He said he hadn't realized how poorly his previous shoes had been until he got the new ones.  He has better traction on the field and feels that he has a better kick now.  One problem is that there is a small bump on the inside of the heel on one shoe.  THat has resulted in a sore place on his heel.  We expect that to clear up and  callous there, tho.'  Overall, they are great shoes!
B0076D2MLE The eyes love them! These are great for casual wear. They wrap around very well. Color transition on the frame from black to brown/green looks very cool. Lenses have a very subtle green tint. This is my second pair in this style, I also have one in blue/black. Highly recommended!
B0076D2OKI Sporty!! Great product. I a coach and the kids love it.  They all want me to get them one.  Get it if you like it.
B00772NHWW comes fast it is a very great pair of shoes, and it looks really great. however, the only problem of white shoes are they are easy to get dirty. still, they look great even they already get a little bit dirty. i love it very much, and it shipped really fast.
B00772NHWW What can you expect Cheap material, cheap boot. That being said for what I paid for it is an excellent product. If i'd paid a dollar more for this item I'd have been greatly displeased.
B0077BXRKK Almost fantastic, but fundamental feature is flimsy Got the sneakers admittedly a little out of nostalgia but more out of the need for a new pair of sneakers that would present as little a barrier as possible to going to the gym.For this purpose they ALMOST worked perfectly. Except for the fact that the first time I tightened them around my foot, one of the plastic ties broke. I didn't tighten it unreasonably much -- and all of the other bands hold tight.The shoes have not become completely unusable, but the quality testing on this needs some work.
B0077C0KYA WoW What a comfort pair of pumas and the look really slick!I would have given it a 5 star but on my right shoe there is some glue on it. Other than that hot
B0077C0KYA Nice shoes Very comfy and the size is as expected. Nice shoes to go with the jeans. Glad of choosing this pair over the streetcat ones.
B0077C1BN4 Takes me back. I absolutely love this shoe, had one 25 years ago, they fit great, put on a pair of orange coloured lace and it looks great.
B0077C1BN4 i was so excited to see my sneakers but i was  quickly disappointed I couldnt wait to get these sneakers. The pictures online of the sneakers look soooo nice but when i opened the package they dont quile look the same...They definitley dont look they were made with the best material in the world and i would expect that they would be for the price and the brand. I dont think i will be purchasing anymore sneakers online.
B0077C1BN4 I LOVE THE SUEDE PUMAS These sneakers, laced properly, look absolutely beautiful. I own 9 different pairs, ensign blue & white, vivid blue & black, medievil blue & grey, high risk red, birch & grapeleaf, black & white, steel grey & black, quarry white & medievil blue and burgundy & white. All laced with 2 pairs of fat laces in each shoe. The trick is to heat up a screwdriver and enlarge the holes to fit the extra laces. It gives the shoes the perfect look if done correctly.
B0077CKYK0 Puma Mesh Sneakers These sneakers are a Christmas gift for my son.  He already has one pair and he really likes them.  So we opted to get him another pair for Christmas.  He is very hard to please when it comes to sneakers.  These fit the bill.
B0077CLM2E what i was looking  for Great price cool looking retro sneakers.delivered timely to my front door.better than going shopping .reminds me of a pair of Joe namath clydes I had in 8th grade
B0077CLM2E Puma Baby!!! Love the shoes!!! I love the streamlined look to them, and they fit very comfortably. This was the first pair of shoes I've ever ordered on line and now it's the only way I'll shop for shoes!!
B0077CLM2E great Great price, wore these first in trip to NYC.  Fits a little snug, but for under $30 you can't expect perfect.  I love the way they look!
B0077CLM2E You get what you pay for. Arrived promptly and nicely packaged. I had shoes like this &#34;back in the day.&#34; The shoe fit fine but the quality is not what it used to be. For the price though I can't complain.
B0077CLM2E These are dude shoes Even though the color says princess blue, these are men's shoes. The first number in the size chart is mens.  These shoes are lightweight, flexible, lots of cushion, and comfortable.  Puma shoes have come a long way since the ones I had in high school.
B0078NLMS6 nice Pretty darn good I must say. I will be grabing a couple more pair in different colors. I really like em.
B007FDVIDI xmas gift I gave these as a gift to my beau and he loves them. They fit perfectly and have lasted this long (six months) with him wearing each pair at least once a week.
B007IVN1Q4 The perfect light weight shoe This is the 3rd pair of these I've bought I even bought a pair for someone else.  They fit perfectly and they are so light I love them.
B007IVNI26 Great Item, Just as Described This was the first Puma product purchased in several years.  I was pleased with the style, feel and support of the shoe.  I was specifically impressed with the deep tread of the rugged, lug-type soles of these runners, which I expect to be perfect as the running that I do often involves gravel paths.  I followed the sizing guide provided by Puma and the shoes fit exactly according to expectation.  My order was shipped promptly and arrived within a week of purchase.  I am very impressed with Amazon's customer service as well as Puma's product.
B007IW951S I love, love, love this sneaker I was looking for an affordable workout shoes for crossfit.  Whenever I would google Crossfit, there were no search results.  But I found out &#34;How they look&#34; from our instructor at our Crossfit gym.  Basically they have to be straight at bottom and should not have any arc.  But the prices were very high and I could not afford to pay over $70 to pay for workout shoes.I am so happy that Amazon kept on updating me about the prices.  I was finally able to purchase this shoes for such an affordable price.And believe me ladies, I can squad much  better than before.  It does give me more balance and control!
B007IX3572 Love them! I love them! The colors are amazing and so is the price. First day wearing these shoes and I already got compliments. I would buy them over and over again.
B007IXCZZU Cute sneaker if you don't want something bulky This is my third pair of Puma fashion sneakers. They are great when you want something a little less bulky than your average sneaker. They take some breaking in, but once they do, they are comfy. Not a ton of support, but that is to be expected. Overall I am very happy with them and will buy a similar pair when these wear out in a year or two!
B007J4B1QM sneakers sneakers are of good quality, lightweight and this it was good. I would buy another pair. I will probably bye a white pair or blue pear in the future
B007J4BK6I Lifelong Puma Guy I've been wearing the same Puma sneakers since High School. Well not the exact same ones, every once in a while I buy new, but same model. Suede Classic Eco Sneakers in black. I bought these to switch it up a little. If you are like me, you should know this model seems a bit more narrow than the other Puma models. But, they seem to be breaking in relatively quickly. Other than that, they look real good; the picture doesn't do them justice. The all black look makes them a little more versatile than the black w/ white stripe that I am used to. I just wish the soles were black too, I think that would be a great improvement PUMA could make to them.
B007J4IBEM Great Shoes! I've owned two different pairs of these shoes in two colors, and they hold up great. I wear them every day, and it really took a long time to wear down my first pair, maybe a whole year. Eventually the sole had worn down, but structurally they are very good. I find them to be very comfortable, and even a little bit waterproof in puddles and rain.
B007J58WA4 Great shoes I've had these shoe for about two months now and they have thus far held up pretty nicely. They're also quite comfortable to walk in. I would definitely recommend buying a pair.
B007J58WA4 Great Shoes I just love the Puma El Rey Shoes. I already own a few pairs, but they are canvas, so, I bought this pair because they are perforated leather and they are blue and black which is difficult to find in Canada. The shoes are very comfortable and well designed, fit perfectly and were a very reasonable price.
B007J58WA4 Great Love the shoe and love the look.  I'll probably buy another pair when the current one goes in the garbage
B007J599HY Awesome Shoe for a unbelievable price I'm a shoe fanatic that buys high end shoes. I've never worn or purchased a pair of Pumas in my life. I was surfing the web for Cole Haan shoes, and I just happen to come across these Pumas. It was love at first sight, so I had to have the. 100% Satisfied! I absolutely love the Puma GV Advantage Boot.
B007J5A6OE awesome I love these shoes. I am a big fan of Puma. I have sneakers of this brand too. Puma fits me perfect so i was looking for a pair of shoes that I can wear in snow too. These shoes are really comfortable and ultra light compared to other winter boots.
B007J5B2QU Awesome I bought these hiking sneakers for a recent trip to California and used them to stomp around Yosemite, Sequoia, and Joshua Tree national parks. The grip is absolutely fantastic - I used them to climb up and down rocks and never slipped once. The shoes are also very comfortable and require little to no breaking in. I would definitely order these again.
B007J5K734 Good price! I only bought these Puma shoes because the price was so low on Amazon.  I wear them occasionally but never when I have a lot of walking to do.....not that comfortable.
B007J5K734 Puma Womans winning DVA Ballerina Bubbles Not happy with this shoe, loved my last pair of Puma's (zandy's) they were my favorite shoe. This pair not so much, very stiff and they kill my feet!
B007J5KCZC Super comfy sneakers I love these things! These are my first pair of Puma's and I've only worn them for a week and I'm already in love. I've been Nike running exclusive for over 20 years and decided to branch out. I'm glad I did.This show is very roomy up front and actually fits about a half size larger than a comparable Nike would. The mesh top means my feet can breathe and the support is superb. Now I need more...
B007JAMTG2 Love them I love the shoes, quick shipping.  This is my 2nd pair and I use these for driving on the track.  Love them.
B007JAN0OC For true fans only! If you're a pseudo-fan, you'll still look good. But real fans will feel great after buying a pair.These shoes look great. I love wearing them. I've yet to see anyone else with a pair.
B007JAN1I2 A gift for my brother I bought these shoes because my brother wanted them so bad. He says that these shoes arfe so confortable and he is very happy with them.
B007JAN2PO I'm a Puma convert This is the 2nd pair of Pumas I bought in as many months.  The first was the Fast Cats.  The two things I love most about Pumas are 1) they fit like they're custom-made for your foot, comfortable like a second skin, and 2) they come with shoelaces that are a reasonable length - unlike most sneakers that feel they have to supply you with laces the length of a garden hose.  Both my white Fast Cats and these black Future Cats get compliments all the time.  The black Future Cats, in particular, when worn with jeans &#34;elevate&#34; your style from merely casual to stylish, honest.  The way the laces are off-centered give a Euro vibe.  The little Ferrari insignia and racy stripes on the side, which are Puma's trademark, lend a sense of movement - like you're wearing a little black sports car.  You won't be sorry with the fit or style.
B007JASSKI Run narrow but great shoes After owning a pair of Drift Cat IIIs in leather for just about two years, making them the longest lasting pair of mass-produced shoes I've ever had, it was time for an upgrade so I picked up a pair of these.Like most racing-inspired Pumas they run very narrow, but my feet aren't wide to start with so I'm okay with that.I haven't had these Drift Cat 4 WinterRaces long yet but the "winter race" style already has a noticeably thicker sole than the others did. The thicker sole makes the shoe feel more traditional and spongy and probably is a bit more comfortable for people who are used to standard "supportive" shoes. On the flip side, a thicker sole also makes the shoes a little less awesome for driving.The style of stitching on the uppers combined with vent holes and shiny leather makes the shoe look a lot dressier than the Drift Cat IIIs.Overall I think these are high-quality value shoes like most of the other leather race Pumas. They feel very solid and if my last pair was any indication, will hold up great.
B007JASSKI Comfy in one color, tight in another Bought this style in black with white/yellow trim and it fit well. I am normally a 10.5 but I ordered an 11, the half size being for length not width issues (I find Pumas generally run narrow and I am normally a 10.5 in most other brands).The first pair felt very comfortable out of the box and I have worn it about 10 times and walked about 5-10 miles (indoors and out) in them without any problems. I commute by foot everyday and log about 12-15 miles per week in my shoes. In a few trips to work in these shoes it passed all my litmus tests: my feet never hurt, they fit like a glove, am able walk at full speed without feeling unbalanced or awkward, shoes don't yet look worn.Because of this positive experience I bought the Black with the Red trim.  These arrived and felt significantly tighter and more narrow than the Black/Yellow pair (I remember how the Black/Yellow felt out of the box, and am not mistakenly comparing a broken-in pair to a brand new pair.).The Black/Red pair are breaking in OK, and I will be able to wear them around the neighborhood, but they are just tight enough that my feet occasionally hurt after more than 15 minutes of continuous walking.If you don't have any width issues in your foot, you might never know the difference, but I unfortunately did.You get what you pay for in a Chinese-made mass-produced shoe; some production inconsistencies are bound to happen.  Nevertheless I am pretty loyal to Puma as far as casual/sporty Chinese-made shoes go, and this experience wasn't bad enough to change that.Problems aside I am already looking at a 3rd color combination!
B007JAT2EY Takes getting used to I prefer smaller, more form-fitting shoes.  These are a great pair, they do take a little breaking in,  though.  Very light, like wearing nothing.
B007M6BKT0 Great Pair of boots First pair of Puma I have purchased.  Very Light, my foot feels bare, which is great because I play with speed.  They are strong enough to hit the ball forward with out any real push back on foot.  I really appreciate the control I have on the ball with this boot.
B007M6BQXK Puma Price is Right These are a good pair of cleats.  I bought them for my 13 year old and they're working out just fine.  The price is right for these Pumas.  They look good and do the job.
B007MAYD2C Pretty My 20 months old loves this pair of sneakers that I got for her.  Immediately she just picks up and wants to try to put them on.  It's light and beautiful, definitely will get again.
B007MAYD2C Love the sparkle shoes Purchased as girl sneakers.  Looking for a product that was girly and functional.  They go well with leggings and casual dresses.  The side has a tear after a few weeks of wear but it goes unoticed due to material type.  My duaghter is rough on her shoes.  My only complaint is I don't think you can wash them because of the material.  I will be looking into it.
B007MAYD2C We can't get enough of this shoe! This shoe is the best ever! We are on our second pair! Our daughter loves them (because of the sparkle), she leaves them on, gets excited to wear them, and they go with everything! We initially bought them from a retailer in our mall paying $45 for them Amazon $25 plus shipping still cheaper! You can't go wrong with these shoes!Last summer my daughter was playing at the park and the shoes got scuffed which I thought for sure the scuffs were there to stay. My husband had mild shoe cleaner and the scuffs came right off and the sparkle stayed. We have had no problems with the mesh ripping but I'm confident if we did that Puma would make it right.Give them a try!
B007MAYD2C Mum and daughter both agree on this one At this age, we disagree on many fashion choices but this was one we both like. As good or even nicer than the pictures! Looks well made and like it would support those growing feet well. Will continue to buy Pumas (this is our 3rd pair)
B007MAYD2C These are the best! We love these shoes! They have stood up to my 6 and 8 year old for months now in school. My 8 year old chose white Puma's for returning back to school and they didn't make it very long. I knew I shouldn't have bought white but she was excited about them and they were on clearance. So I decided to buy these. I am so glad I did! While they didn't stay perfectly black, they are intact, Velcro works and they are still cute. I also can trust Puma when it comes to size. I bought these a half size up and both girls are fine. My oldest actually told me they help her run faster in gym :)
B007MAYD2C great pair of shoes comes with neat red storage bag My 7 year old loves her new pair of puma sneaker. It is light, comfortable and color is exactly the same as shown on the website. Shipping is super fast and we love the little red bag that comes with the shoe to use for storage.
B007MAYLQK Love puma My son loves it. All black is great for his school. I wish the bottom was stitched instead of sticked. Hope it lasts throughout the school year and beyond. Great shoe, great brand.
B007MB0V8G There just Grrrreat! To be honest, these are one of the most fashionable pair of sneakers I've seen in some time. We have three girls and we've purchased these  sneakers for our youngest, since there arrival, my two oldest have been on me constantly for their own pair. Really nice pair of sneakers.
B007MC1CHE Super stylish Bought the shoes for my daughter school for sport. I love their overall design and style and so does she.
B007MC1CHE Love the Puma Shoes My son loves the shoes.They are very comfortable. My daughter is asking to get her a pair in pink.
B007MC1CHE Dreadful - fell to bits after 3 months This shoe looks great and we initially were very happy with it. After 2 months the bottom came off the shoe - we glued it back together then a week later the whole side split both shoes were after 3 months completely unwearable. I live in Australia and therefore shipping to return would be costly. Very disappointing and a waste of money.
B007MCNL6O Feedback Though the shoes arrived (5) days later of what we expected our daughter really liked them. Great price and stands out from other brands we have previously bought for her. She is already excited to going to school with her new shoes. The only problem was that we requested the (2) delivery and we didn't get til (6) days later. I don't know what the problem was this delivery. Just takes away from the enjoyment if had received it before this date. Anyway great product for a reasonable price is my reason for (5) star(s) rating . Delivery?
B007MF7IRY great buy These are a great pair of shoes. When i ordered i wasnt sure if they fit me but they ended up being perfect.
B007MF7IRY Supercalifradulisticexpeallidosious!!!! The absolutely best fitting shoe I've every placed on my feet!!!!!!! And on top of that, a significant savings over any store price, between $99.00 - $115.00.
B007NQ658A wife loved them my wife loved them so much I bought a pair for one of my managers.  really sharp shoe, pretty in pink
B007P4L4L8 Very soft I was looking for a pair of nice soft pants for wearing around the house and these fit the bill.
B007P4O2LM Love anything Puma I love anything Puma but as of late, it has been hard to find Puma velour items at a great price. As a brand, all things Puma last for years and I imagine this will as well.
B007P4OF5A this is a great product, i love it! the material is great, and it fits just perfectthis was a very good buy.you guys must have one
B007P4OF5A awesome for the price I purchased two of these(grey and white) for $30 total. other sizes weren't nearly as cheap but the two XL's I purchased are very high quality hoodies and fit as expected. steal at that price point.
B007P5Z5DU Perfect for my needs Needed a quality hoodie for workout days as I really don't like wearing a bulky coat (just more stuff to carry). I saw this first on the site that begins with a Z. Price was little steep. Then I found it here, again a little steep. Found it at a certain retailer's "Rack" store for $20 cheaper and I couldn't be more pleased. The sleeves are kind of snug, so I bought a size up from my normal size which is OK b/c I don't like snug hoodies. It says black, but just like the photo, it's really a grey shade. It's just as neutral as black, though, so don't let that deter you. I am so happy to have found this.
B007PK5T0Y order 1/2 size up & you'll love I read the other reviews and followed the advice to get 1/2 size bigger. That was perfect for me. As far as people saying they are narrow - well maybe they are, but for me that means snug and supportive, not uncomfortable. Just don't get if you have wide feet. I did not get these to use the spikes at all. Fortunately they are detachable and the shoes are very normal without them. I got the shoes to walk around all day at work in. Sometimes when I have bad shoes I have arch pain, so I wore these every day for two weeks before posting this review. The answer is, for me, there is NO pain with these shoes. Bonus features is they are super lightweight, totally breathable, and even cuter in real life. I already bought a second pair for when I wear them out, because the price is completely wonderful. In face it was such a good price and not available through Amazon Prime, so i was very suspicious. But the product arrived quickly and without issue. I couldn't be happier!
B007PK5T0Y great pick! I bought these shoes for work. I know that they are running shoes that's why I bought them. I'm on my feet all day and I needed a pair of shoes that can hold up too that type of abuse. At this price you can not go wrong. they did hurt my feet at first breaking them in but that lasted only a few days, very form fitting and supportive.
B007PK5T0Y great shoe looked great fit great my twins both got a pair and used them for track n field before and after school and competitions
B007PK68MW So light and comfy! I was shocked because usually I have to 'break in' every new pair of shoes.  These are so comfortable that I was able to get outside and start running around in them right away!
B007Q36ALC shoes I love these shoes but they were to big for my son foot.my son is only 10 months so I order him a different pair
B007Q36U4Y love it Oh my, what can I say?I love these shoes, I love them love themEveryone who sees them makes a wonderful comment too  :)
B007SJK51K Runs a little shorter than expected - but well made. Great for the school yard black rubber surface and for the child that beats up the toes of shoes when riding bikes.  Very happy on how it's holding up!
B007SJKEYS Cute Shoes These shoes are super cute and easy to put on my busy toddler. They are lightweight, which is nice, but they aren't very supportive. My little one has foot braces and needs all the help she can get. I think I'll keep them as a pair of backup shoes, but really need something sturdier. I also discovered that Pumas run small. I bought these a full size larger than her Champions and they fit the same.
B007SLGLX4 great got it quick. look great. easy to put on for a 4yrs old. hope they dont ware and tare like the previous puma pair.
B007SLGLX4 perfect We love these shoes. Great design. great colors. wonderful fit and feel. I bought three pair for the future. :)
B007U1KEQ2 Great product Fits great, I had a pair of these before and they are still awesome. I highly recommend Puma King !
B007U1TFAS Great product received fast I love this jacket & receive compliments every time I wear it!!The fit is exact and I've washed it a few times now and it hasn't faded. Satisfied customer!!
B007UM6PAK Cool shoes These shoes are great. I love the red and black styling! I do not know what else to say. Bye
B007UM6PAK Great gift for my boyfriend! I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend. He has large feet and I always struggle finding shoes in his size (14), but these fit him perfectly. They are very light weight and looked great. I have bought him other Ferrari shoes in the past, but these were very different due to the high top design. We both really like how unique they were. These were also Prime eligible and arrived quickly and with no shipping cost!!
B007USEG6E Another Hit. This is my 3rd pair of Tekkies. I love low profile styled shoes. These shoes are not only light, but very comfortable. They are also priced very reasonable on amazon. This particular camo pair is comprised of a stiffer canvas material on the upper(Coated Canvas). Not uncomfortably stiffer, but the material is a bit more rigid than usual and I like it.  The camo print is spot on, and something u may not notice from the pictures is that the black in the camo print is actually in a puma shape. If you are on the fence about buying these, take my word for it, you will love them.
B007USEG6E Well Done This product came before the estimated delivery date and was exactly what I was looking for and expecting.  I wear the shoes around the house casually now but I bought a pair in a different color about two years ago and they are honestly the lightest, most comfortable shoe for me.
B007W1CBLQ Nice pair for the money !! Got this for my 1 year old boy, I like the price that I got this pair for and of course the brand name always make the difference.I am giving it 4 stars, because the cloth material is little on the thin side, but overall it is a good buy.
B007WQDYQM Get yourself a pair when possible puma has always being a favorite brand of mine since my youth going to school. The price was right and the fit is snug.
B007WQGKQI Great boots! I purchased these so I could start playing football (soccer) again and I really enjoy these boots. This is the first time I tried out Puma, I'm normally an Adidas guy and frequently purchase Nike products. I have to say these are one of my favorite boots I've owned. they handle abuse well and protect my feet well! The weight is nice and they broke in nicely. These are a good solid cheap boot for recreational play and use. I would defiantly recommend these, especially at the price.
B007WQGKQI Great The item arrived in mint condition and in a timely manner. Good buy! I would recommend theses for anyone looking for a good pair of cleats to play frisbee and softball.
B007WQHCIS BOOOOOOOOOOO! SO UPSET. Bought these last summer after the rugby season for my son to play for the CT state team.  He ended up not wearing them at all as they played on soft natural fields, so he wore his Canterbury metal cleats. So they were BRAND NEW for this season.  While playing his FIRST TURF GAME the ENTIRE SOLE ripped off of one!!!! How the heck does that happen!??? HORRIBLE. SO UPSET. Can't get through to anyone to replace them because I bought them last year. He wore them ONCE for 30 minutes. Had to sit out the rest of a DIV 1 A side game. SO ANGRY.
B007WQHWIS Loss a Stud (it break) It broke to the left shoe a stud (in the first game).These shoes are very expensive for their low performance.
B007X1BCBU Not well made This fabric is very thin. I had expected it to be sweatshirt material. The workmanship is very poor. I doubt that it will last very long and won't be surprised if it shrinks when washed. It was definitely not worth the high price - $44+
B007X1BFZS Poor quality with high price This fabric is very thin. I had expected it to be sweatshirt material. The workmanship is very poor and I doubt that it will last very long and won't be surprised if it shrinks when washed. It was definitely not worth the high price.
B007X2BRKU Dependable I bought this for my 10-year-old daughter's indoor training, the third pair in 6 months.  It seems to be true to its size and she is not complaining.
B0080LMQ58 LOVE Puma!! I love love love the Puma brand. Especially for kids. I have only bought puma sneakers for my kids. The do run a size small. But they hold up. I wash them at least twice a week and look brand new every time. They are worn almost everyday. You can even bleach them.
B0080LMQ58 Great look & fit My 5 year old loves his Pumas.  This is his third pair and he requested these on his own & even picked them out.
B0086FYONU Well Made My grandson is very small for his age and gets cold quite easily. These sweats are much thicker than the average pair you find in the stores. I am very happy with the great quality and fit of these sweatpants. I plan on buying more for him
B0088XOPQG Excellent Choice Is an excellent brand, I had another one that last me 5 years and this one is exactly the same quality.
B0089HEVYM All great rings come to an end Love Love this shoe and was so sorry to see it was discontinued..Thank God Amazon has the last pair left.  Come on Puma&#8230;get in gear and make more&#8230;Was so popular why stop???
B0089HEVYM Great shoes and very stylish I bought them for my daughter because she loved the other one I had bought her some time ago. She loves the style and fit her well
B0089TIZDS Great! Nice product for the price! Had to do a little cleaning since it was used but this product was in very good condition and almost new.
B008A6BA64 Love these shoes Amazing- love everything about my Ashas.  They're super comfy, look sharp and I have been known to chuck them in the wash every now and again.  The first day I wore them- everyone wanted to them.
B008A6BB9U Best shoes I've ever owned These are the most comfortable shoes I've had the pleasure of owning. Super breathable, very light, I honestly think they're more comfortable than going barefoot. The nubby bottom helps when I'm doing workouts on my carpet and when I'm out and about on grass.planning on buying a  second pair as everyday shoes.
B008A6BLMW Cool shoes I usually wear an 8 in sandles and an 8-1/2 in closed shoes.  I ordered an 8-1/2 in these and they were much too big.  Returned them for free (thanks Amazon!) and ordered 7-1/2 which actually fit!  They are comfortable and so cute on - I'm excited to wear them this summer!!Ok - I just spent the whole day in them today - they were so comfortable and I got tons of compliments. Someone at work went on Puma store site to buy herself a pair and they were running a 40% off (promo code PUMAFRIENDS) promotion.  I ordered a 2nd pair of the gray and yellow (because next summer I'll be glad I did!) as well as a black pair for close to the price of 1 pair on Amazon.  One of the best purchases I've made and by far the most comfortable shoes I've worn in a long time that are extremely CUTE!
B008A6BPJQ Love them! These pumas have a definite retro look. i wear them with everything from skinny jeans and a grey leather jacket to maxi skirts. Clean up is easy on the white part as well, i used a mister clean eraser. Great buy.
B008A6BPJQ A stylish, casual sneaker at a value price I generally don't love sneakers and only really wear them for working out at the gym because I have to.  I realized I didn't have a pair of &#34;casual&#34; sneakers, and thought it make sense to have such a pair.  I can't wear ballet flats and flip flops ALL the time!  I previously purchased two pairs of Puma running sneakers and love that Puma offers athletic shoes with a sense of style that certain other brands typically lack.  I thought I would give the Munsters a try since the reviews were generally positive, and it looked like a cute casual sneaker in the photos.  I ordered the light gray color for the spring/summer months and think they can nicely match a lot of outfits.  I wore them on my recent vacation and will also be wearing them on my next one.  The only slight downside to the Munsters is the fact that they need some time to break in.  I feel they are true-to-size, but for me, they rubbed against the back of my ankles a bit on the first few wears.  Give them a little time - it's worth it for the price and the style!
B008A6CBUI Good Loking, Nice Price, And Looks Like They Going To Last Forever But They Just Last 25 Days Just What Happened.Ok The Shoes Where Fine! My Girl Friend Love Them, But Suddenly We Were Walking To The Car And She Told Me Stop This Thing Just Broke. And As You Know All the International Buyers Have The Same Problem, The Shipping Is Too Expensive To Send It Back. So They Are In The Trash!
B008A6CIL0 Not impressed. I was disappointed with how the shoes felt when I was wearing them. I wear Puma's and I am very fond of the brand just not this particular pair. I wear an 8.5 in other Puma's so I ordered the same and the fit was the same. I just felt the red material was too thin to be a replacement pair of shoes for the upcoming fall/winter season. I am giving them 3 stars because the fit was good, the color and the look was good but I am returning them because they just weren't "right" for me.
B008A6CIL0 Cheap looking Both the fabric and look is very cheap and makes noises every time you walk. Was returned with no issues.
B008A6CIL0 Cute I really love the look of these shoes.  They are a little snug width wise but other than that they are a great pair of shoes.
B008A6CIL0 Disappointed I have two other pairs of Puma Romas, I have had them for years.  They are great sneaks.These are not the same at all.  They are mostly nylon, they are feather light.  I was really excited about the turquoise, but once you put them on your heel covers up half of the turquoise on the shoe.  I have an 8 in my other Pumas, I feel like I should have bought an 8-1/2.  They are also a bit uncomfortable on my heel.If I would not have been able to get them at such a cheap price, I would have returned them.
B008A6CIL0 Awesome shoes!! These are the nicest exercise shoes I have ever purchased in my 38 years! Whoever said they were cheaply made was insane, these are very high quality! They run a half size small so order up. The color is exactly as pictured. I love them!! Thank you!! These shoes are so nice I just ordered a second pair so that when these wear out, I will have back ups!!
B008A6COO6 Great pair of sneakers I like these they are super comfy and match with anything pink white or black. When I get to the gym I hit the treadmill and my feet and knees don't hurt in these. I could wear them all day every day!
B008A6COO6 PUMA Women's Fieldsprint Shoe,Black/White/Cabaret,9 B US It is a very comfortable product, and good price.was what I expected.highly recommended widely.shipment very fast and secure.
B008A6JSFE Great shoes. Had a pair just like them that had been stolen so I knew what to expect. I ordered another pair instead of changing to another brand or style so that should be a great recommendation in itself.Sole is very soft so some may not like that.
B008A6JWU0 2nd pair I bought a second pair cuz I love these so much! Great for walking and working out. Favourite ones yet.
B008A6JWU0 LOVE THESE! These are the greatest sneakers I have ever bought! They are comfortable, cute, and light weight! :) I love them so much, I wear them everyday, I've been thinking about ordering a pair in every color! They're fantastic and I'd recommenced them to anyone. They were also a very affordable price!  I get lots of compliments on them, they're everything I was looking for and more!
B008A6JWU0 i like it. it is very comfortable and price is very reasonable. I am planning to buy one more, but different Dolores one.
B008A6K8XU My Pumas Love them! They are true to size, I was worried about getting a shoe without trying it on, However, these were amazing. So much so that I bought another pair. Very light, perfect for workin out or even a normal day wear.
B008A6KHRC Great running shoe! This is the second pair of these I have purchased. I found the first pair on clearance at TJMaxx. It took many, many miles before they started to break down. I was so excited to find these on Amazon. I did insert Dr. Scholl's gel liners because of my high arches. I run so it's important my shoes are lightweight, which these are and hello color choices!
B008A6KHRC Puma's Rock! I just love Puma shoes.  All the ones I own are low profile which make your feet look smaller.  This particular pair is very lightweight but the sole still provides plenty of cushion.  I purchased these for light treadmill running & also puchased some thin insoles & together they work perfectly for comfort.  The one negative is the shoe tongue tends to get bunched up when you put these shoes on - I guess it's because they are so lightweight & loose.  I actually have to untie them to put them on every time, rather than just slip them on without untieing.  It's not that big of a deal, I just can't be lazy when I want to wear these shoes.  Overall great shoe.
B008A6KHRC No surprises Looked exactly like pictured, fit is true to size and they didn't disappoint.  Great pair of shoes but could use a little better insole.
B008A6KHRC My favorite shoe They fit perfectly, super light and oh so comfortable.  I like them so much that I bought a second pair!
B008A6KHRC run small I tried my first pair in a store. I'm usually 9.5 but I need US10 in these. I like them. Very comfortable but maybe too pointy. And the price keeps changing often so shop around.
B008A6KIZS great shoe I purchase these shoes for my kid.she loves them.Also the price was excellent. I would definitely buy another pair in the future.
B008A6KTKC Puma This shoes are exactly what I expected I already have a pair exactly like this one but I couldn't find the same style for my feet but this ones are the best.
B008A6KTKC Puma Power! I love this shoes! I do an intense step class and these shoes are great for that class! Plus, they're a great looking pair of shoes! Going back for more,
B008A6KTKC Not quite as comfortable as the Voltaic 3NM This shoe also fits and probably will take some getting used to, just had to buy some black laces, since I am not into bright colors
B008A6KTKC So cute!!!!!! Being a huge fan of puma, I really love these shoes. These are my second pair I bought this year. (I also bought the gray/yellow also cute!) These shoes look so cute when you get them. Although, I thought the color had more of a reddish/pinkish tint more so than the neon pink shown in this pic (but that might be subjective.) I love this shoe so much! The colors work great, the fit is great. Running,walking there also feels to be memory foam inside the shoe it's like you're walking on clouds. I am turning everyone on to puma now, I just bought my mother a pair (black/peach) she loves the fit. This is a great brand, I have bought many walking/running shoes that were cheaper from payless and walmart, but nothing lasts. These are expensive but in my experience you have them until you want to get rid of them (and get another pair of pumas!) They are virtually indestructible, worth every cent of the $80. Such a good buy, I cannot speak highly enough! If you're thinking of getting these shoes, don't think anymore! LOVE!!! :)
B008A6KTKC Perfect fit, exceedingly comfortable LOVE this brand of sneakers. I discovered PUMA probably 10 years ago and I have never purchased any other brand of sneakers from that point on. Fits just right, snug but not loose, the laces are high quality so i never need to double tie them, and the COMFORT! I have stood for hours in other sneakers and I begin to feel my heel really hurting, but PUMAs... no way, never. The heel is very well cushioned and my feet never feel pain in them. HIGHLY recommend
B008A6KTKC Freakin Love Them! It was kind of love a first sight with these shoes. I'm an Army wife trying to get back in shape for my husband's return. I needed a new pair of fitness shoes for the gym and I LOVE these. They are without a doubt the best fitness shoes I've purchased. They are so comfortable and can take a beating for sure. I am going to purchase another pair in a different color for sure. LOVE THEM!
B008A6KTKC awesomeness!! Love love love these shoes!Had my size in stock.great quality!The colors are awesome!Wouldn't trade them for anything!I want to buy my best friend and mother a pair now!Super comfortable! Great look for outings!
B008A6KTKC Wonderful Zumba shoes !! Not too heavy, not too bulky. Fit just right the very first day!! I was able to do one hour of Zumba the very first day with no problem at all. Love them!!
B008A6KTKC I like the style! I chose 5 stars because it was well deserved. I work out on average 5-6 days per week. I love gym shoes in general. I never owned a pair of Puma's but when I saw this particular style, I had to have it! It looks great but also feels comfortable. After trying these, I will definitely buy another pair in the near future. I highly recommend Puma brand shoes if you regularly visit the gym and if you like to work out in style!
B008A6KTKC Worth it! These are super cute on & do the job for the price I paid. I run about 5 times a week (about 2.5 miles a day) and they do not hurt & they support well. I love them!
B008A6KTKC I like them! They are comfortable and super cute! I love these shoes! They are cute and comfortable. I bought an 8.5 but if I wasnt going to run in them then I probably could have worn an 8. Puma's are usually best for a narrower foot so they fit mine well and seem well made. My last pair of Nike shox were a disappointment (Heavy and NOT for exercise) but I love these puma's! BTW Much cheaper on amazon
B008A6KTKC great shoes! I love wearing tennis shoes and love bold colors and when I saw this shoes on amazon, I wanted them.  I had never wore puma's before and wasn't so sure on the size, but they fit fine.  I ended up buying another pair in black too.
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes!!!! The main reason I bought these shoes was because they are adorable.  I have to say, I am SO happy with this purchase. The shoes fit great, they are very comfortable, and very supportive.  The only thing I don't like is the tongue of the shoe is a little different, but that is just something I'll have to get used too.
B008A6KTKC Love Puma! I've had one other pair of Puma Voltaic sneakers before these. I had them for over a year and a half and loved them so much. I'm on my feet all day at work, running around and my feet never hurt and my legs never got tired. When they started to wear out I was on Amazon hunting down a new pair. I looked and looked but the ones available in my size I just didn't love the color. Yes I'm a girl so color matters. I was just about to buy the glitter pink and purple ones when I saw the you might like these list at the bottom of the page and instantly loves the color combo. They were Voltaic so I was sold. I got them the other day and put them on and immediately went to work and just like my other pair no pain in my feet. I will most likely never but another brand of sneaker again, because you just can't beat out of the box comfort and the awesome colors!
B008A6KTKC Awesome shoes! These are probably the best looking shoes I have ever purchased.  They fit great and are very comfortable.  Love the colors. Will probably buy another pair just like them, if I find them.
B008A6KTKC So comfy This pair fits perfectly well and very comfortable. Even after a long run my toes don&#8217;t pain. I have had a bad experience with other brands. The size is true as indicated and I love the color. Highly recommended
B008A6KTKC love! love these shoes! love the colors and puma makes such comfy shoes! always getting compliments on these kicks! even my mom loved these and had me order her a pair also!!!!
B008A6KTKC Comfortable, Eye-catching shoe! I always love the contoured fit of Puma shoes and this is probably my favorite color combination. I've switched to using more minamilist running shoes but wanted a pair of athletic shoes just for going around town or playing with my son. These are very comfortable and just what I wanted!
B008A6KTKC Love these shoes! I have flat feet so I was very happy when i got these. They fit perfect my feet didn't bother me at all . I love love the color and the price was decent. I am going to get another pair for everyday stuff! I  would recommend these for anyone  especially if you have flat feet.
B008A6KTKC Love my shoes I love my Pumas and the way they feel on my feet. This is my first pair of pumas but it want be my last pair
B008A6KTKC I love this shoes!!! I work at a hospital and my job requires a lot of walking, when I first wore these shoes they were very tight; after about 3 days of stretching them out they were very comfortable. I love these shoes, I actually purchased my first pair of Puma Voltaic in a different color from Academy store for a few bucks more and when I found this pair on Amazon I just had to order them. I get compliments every time I wear these shoes from people of all ages. The colors are brilliant and stain resistant. I would definitely purchase again.
B008A6KTKC in-between sizes I owned a pair  similar to these a year or so ago... and I loved them.this pair just didn't fit right & I had to send them back.Now I'm trying Nike.
B008A6KTKC PUMA's for life! I needed a new pair of shoes to train for a triathlon (my first).  I am so happy with this purchase that they will be my go to running shoe for now on!  Straight out of the box not a single problem - No toe pinching, heal rub, discomfort, etc.  And they are cute!
B008A6KTKC Love my Pumas They like a 8 1/2. My only issue was the pic shows black and red the shoes are actually black and hot pink
B008A6KTKC Great shoes! These shoes are very comfortable!  I've always loved Puma's!!!  I may be ordering another pair within the near future!  Worth the money!
B008A6KTKC Not the color I expected to recieve I ordered this shoe thinking it was mostly white with pink and a little grey on the sides.  Viewing the picture they look mostly white but imagine my surprise when I opened the box and they are mostly grey.  It was not the fault of the manufacture so I did not return them but beware buyers if you are looking for a pair of pink and white tennis.  They do say gray when you read but I think the picture is too light and confusing.  They do fit as expected a true 8.5 and good quality.
B008A6KTKC Puma mesh tennis shoes these pair of Pumas look great on my feet they feel wonderful on my feet a wonderful sense of style and swagg
B008A6KTKC GREAT Great pair of shoes I get tons of compliments every tlme I wear these. Comfortable running or just hanging out. Puma quality all the way!
B008A6KTKC Love love love I absolutely LOVE these shoes! They are so comfortable and have completely change my thoughts on &#34;sneakers&#34;. I originally bought these just to wear at the gym but I liked them way too much and now I wear them all the time! The fit is great and I love how there isnt a &#34;tounge&#34;.  Perfect for working out or running errands, I might even buy another pair in a different color!
B008A6KTKC cross trainers This pair of sneakers fits well and are very comfortable. I have reserved them for gym use only and they have held up very well.
B008A6KTKC love Puma shoes fit perfectly!  I've never owned a pair of Puma shoes before, but they are great for everyday use and working out!
B008A6YCRI New Shoes, Love em These are nice and comfy, need a bit of break in, but that's to be expected. The material is not that soft, but I think that's going to mean they last a while.
B008A6YCRI Run small but decent quality Had to return the first pair that we ordered for the size that our daughter wears for sneakers.  She wore a woman's 7 1/2-8 but had to go with the woman's 9. They seemed to hold up for the season so over all I'd recommend these especially for the price...but wasn't 100% satisfied.
B008A6YFQQ Fits awesome! My daughter plays team soccer and this shoe is a very good cleat based on her requirements. She wants me to get her the same pair for the next season!
B008A6YIFO Great Fit These are the 2nd pair of Puma Soccer shoes I have purchased for my daughter and the only brand that fits her foot really well. They are well made and the first pair endured 3 years of heavy use. We love the color and design on both pairs.
B008A6Z2KE Great fit and comfort Excellent service , good quality and comfort. Great puma new style . I will definitely like this model for suede and differential materials used on the shoe.
B008A77SH8 terrible product this product is the worst I've ever bought in Amazon in terms of sneakers, with just 1 month of having them the cloth was torn. I'd never recommend this product to anyone. dont buy it!
B008A77SH8 Awesome shoes I bought these shoes for half the current price and have not been able to find them this cheap since. They are great shoes, I have over 60 pairs of sneakers and I always go to these first. They are extremely for working out in as they are a cloth material, feels like suede.The color of them are unique also, kind of an eggshell white, if I can find them for under 40 again I would buy 5 more pairs of them.
B008A77TYK Great Shoes!!! I originally purchased a pair of these shoes as a gift. After the recipient wore them, I instantly went back to order a pair for myself. They look great, fit well, and are very comfortable on my feet. I am completely satisfied.
B008AILKZ8 Tennis shoe purchase I liked it a lot it fit well and I use it every day. The price was right and I like all puma product.
B008AILQJI My sons new shoes I bought these shoes for my son after he saw them at the store for double the price. He didn't get to try them in because they didn't have his size, but when they got here, they fit him perfectly! They are very light weight, and look really nice!!
B008AILZZI sized smaller and cheaply made I wear a 10 in every other shoe yet these were very tight. I have had several pair of Pumas but these were not as comfortable nor did they fit well. If you want a pair of these, order a size larger and don't expect them to be comfortable.
B008AILZZI Quality with Style Whether wearing this for fashion or for training this pair of shoes can satisfy either need. As usual for a Puma shoe it does run somewhat small. I probably could have worn a 10 more comfortably but the trainer style shoes fit more snug on me at 9.5. A 9 would have been impossible. I love the style and breathability that comes with this shoe. The mesh upper keeps it feeling lightweight and roomy yet snug. I feel I have more stability when wearing these shoes as well. I highly recommend them to those interested. I got mine for 34$ which is the more reasonable price point.
B008AJ4JR8 Very disappointing purchase 1- I paid extra to get this item in the two day shipping , I got it 4 days later .2- when I got the product it wasn't what I expected , I owned pumas shoes before but this one is the exception it looks cheap the material that these shoes are made of it's like a cheap looking material.3- it has the worse traction ever this are not good for indoor soccer4- I ordered them 1 size and 1/2 bigger than my size because I read reviews that they run smaller , still they were too small .5- I will STRONGLY SUGGEST to stay away from this product Adidas sambas or nikes go for half the price and way better quality .6- I made the mistake to wear them for my game so I can't return them so I feel rip off, and this is officially the worse purchase I ever made I hope you learn from me .
B008AJNR0I I love it This one is completly ok. And i loved it and i recomend to all.I am realy glad and happy...
B008AJOHXO great product I love my Pumas I have always been in love with the Puma brand so I am greatly satisfied with the purchase of my Pumas
B008AJOHXO Great Shoes! I bought these as a gift for a Puma lover and BMW owner. These shoes sold out on Puma's website and this is the only place I could find them. Congrats to Puma for teaming up with an automobile maker that most people can actually buy a car from. I mean, who wants to wear Ferrari shoes when they cant even wear them while driving a Ferrari. Pumas are the European DRIVING shoe right? Anyway, these shoes are great and the Future Cat style is sleak and sexy.
B008AJYN8I Beautiful this shoes are so beautiful,,,,when I used it...instantly I can run so fast...never can imagine that this sneakers was marvelous
B008AJYS1U Nice one the best shoes ever from puma Ducati  , modern, light, and stylish, I strongly recommend this item to others. Nice shoes
B008AJZ5OO Pumas shoes looked  for a long time for the cheapest price I could find anywhere on the internet I am very happy
B008AJZ5OO Exactly what I expected I tried a different model to get the size which was the same as my usual size for which I've brought my previous shoes on. Design is great, material is great. The shoes can make your feet feel confined as there isn't much wriggle room.As you would expect with white shoes they will get stained quickly, I notice the shoelace has a dirt mark already but partly due to me not having the shoelace perfectly tied.
B008AK6Q8C Great Shoes !! Arrived on Time Great shoes, funky, fashionable and defintely get's the attention of others. I love these sneakers.My advise to all. Buy a size larger. They are designed for normal atheletic feet.
B008AL2UCC Love it This is what I expected from this brand, I am really satisfied with this pair and I would recommend it. I'm used to buy this brand and I recommend you choose one or one size bigger for most models, but I wouldn't recommend to buy online your first pair of PUMA, cause you can disappointing by the size.
B008AL33QE Faaaantastic quality and comfort. The stitching is accurate and precise. I do a lot of car track days and was looking for a pair of driving shoes that were comfortable enough to be able to feel the throttle feedback and yet be sturdy and made of high quality and flexible materials but not be stiff to get he feet tired throughout an 8 hour high intensity track driving...well this pair of Pumas did it all. I highly recommend it.Oh and the bonus was the color matching to my orange McLaren MP4-12C with carbon accents!Cheers
B008AL33QE Definitely love it, somewhat snug, beautiful! I usually wear 11, i recommend to buy .5 size larger, love it, material is great!love the white leather, the flashiness, shininess, the red puma outline.. yeah, everything haha.highly recommend. favorite pair of shoes i've ever worn.i use and also recommend to use a disinfectant wipe on them every night. that's just what I do to keep the white white.I'm a college student and take them on the bus, to work, and class on weekdays and travel to campus 2 miles, just a little background. 2 days into their life, and they're awesome!
B008AL3L0C hard to put on I do not like these shoes. I have a high instep, and putting them on is a real struggle. Once on they fit well however, when they are on, at every step, the heel rubs against the slipper backside, making walking unpleasant and ending up with a chafed heel.Maybe they are intended to be kept in the car and worn exclusively when driving: that option does not suit me.Of the several pair of driving shoes I own, including two loafers, these are the worst. If they were available with velcro straps or regular ties they would definitely be better.
B008AL4BLU Pumas Are Good This is my third pair of Pumas from Amazon. I cannot believe I got this shoe at this price. I love it.
B008AL4BLU puma drft cat I really like the shoes I only wish I could find another pair at the same price in my size so I could have a few pair
B008ALI936 Nice Shoes... I have been looking for a pair of Puma's and found them on your site.  I am very pleased, the shoes (Puma's) met my expectations!
B008ALI936 Beautiful shoes. I bought these shoes from Amazon because, despite visiting a Puma store at the mall, and 2 Puma outlet stores, I have never seen these shoes before.  I have wanted a pair of stylish, black Puma shoes like these for a very long time.  And, I found them exclusively on Amazon.com.
B008ALJ8S6 best value For under $30 you can't wish for better pair of sneakers. A very good pair for the winter, fall or spring when the outside conditions are not ideal for something more light or less water resistant.
B008ALJ8S6 Fabulous for the price I would recommend this product to everybody; I am going to buy another pair but different style. The best part is the price.
B008ALWBFS Good looking Shoes! A fine looking pair of shoes. I'm normally an 11, but I needed 12s for Puma, so be sure to try some on at a store first!
B008ALWDZG Great Have not used them to there full potential but they feel great and look great for the price they are a great buy.
B008ALX6SO Recommended I like them because they are very comfortable, they have very good traction and are lightweight. This is my second pair of sneakers puma and lasted five years earlier.
B008ALX6SO I LOVE IT!!! I got the product in the box, new shoes over here dude! Love it! great as puma use to do it!
B008ALX6SO PUMA Men's Universal TT Soccer Cleat,Black/White/Ribbon Red,11 D US review very nice shoes i already used and they are wjhat i was looking for.thank you so much for it. as usual amazon is my best shopping friend
B008ALX6SO soild cleat i use these to coach on grass outdoors so i get a little better grip although the kids got a kick out of me busting my ass with running shoes on. What youd expect from a puma cleat not much padding but durable and the fit is a true to your size. Got it for the price it was well worth it instead of spending 100 bucks on a pair of shoes
B008ALXVMK Decent shoes, good touch. The first pair arrived with a broken shoelace eyehole.  Amazon was superb with immediately sending a replacement.I'm still breaking the boots in.  They are very true-to-size (measuring against the giant metal shoe sizers in shoe stores).  If you're between sizes go with the smaller one, as the leather stretches.Beyond that, these are much wider than Adidas or Nike shoes I tried on, so they should be great for those with wide feet.No input on durability yet.
B008ALYJQW Great pair of cleats I bought these for my son for high school soccer.  He loves them and says they are very comfortable.  They are well made and seem to be holding up well.
B008AWU21W Absolutely sick I bought a pair of EL Rey's like 2 years ago and I love them. I wore them literally almost everyday and they lasted 2 years. When I was looking for a new pair of shoes with no hesitation I looked for El Rey's. My first pair were low's and these are mids and both are just sick. I highly recommend any Puma shoe.
B008AWU21W $40 Pumas I bought these because they were stylish as well as cheap. Also, it seems like Puma is the only brand on amazon to suit my size 14 needs.  All in all, you can't go wrong with a $40 pair of pumas.
B008AWU21W Great shoes for the right price. These were just what i needed. A quality shoe that is perfect for anyone. Well worth the price and would definitely recommend.
B008AWU21W Excellent shoe, girls love me with them on. Puma rocks the house once again. Great shoes. Price was most excellent also. Spent a ton of cash and needed a great discount on shoes. This was it.
B008AWUB54 Amazingly comfortable I've been used to wearing the PUMA Men's Whirlwind Classic Sneaker, I decided to give something different a try and ordered a pair of these, at first they seemed a bit uncomfortable, I was going to return and exchange  them for another pair of Whirlwind Classics which i'm used to, I then realized that there was no free returns shipping on these shoes.  Decided to keep them instead of paying a return fee that is going to be almost half of the price of the sneakers.I wore them out for the first time yesterday to go shopping, I tell you these shoes are extremely comfortable, one can stand on these all day and not get tired, the cushion is very soft and the shoes are lightweight enough to jog with.  They also fit better than the Whirlwinds.
B008AWYIXU One unique style I love this sneaker,it's one of it's own and I have not seen anyone wearing around South Africa.Can't wait to shine in it.
B008AWYIXU Fits me nicely! I love this design, but I wish they would make more effort to make more shoes. These Pumas are very classy as I would say.You just need some time getting used to massive shoes. I wear a 12 US size and Puma made it happen. I'd say the Puma brand is the best brand to buy; I've bought a pair in the past a few years ago and that's when I remembered these were the best you can get. Hope you take your time to check out these shoes and the company, I've loved them forever.
B008AXTOQ0 overall good When I bought this pair of shoes the picture was deceives it wasn't bright when they took the picturesBut in real it's a little but shiny and bright which is not good for meBut overall it's goodOrder half inch largere because it sung in my feet
B008AXTOQ0 Somewhat tight at first This is not my first purchase of this size Puma shoe, so I knew what to expect. When I first put these on they felt very snug. But after wearing them for a little while they seemed to conform perfectly to my fit, and are about the most comfortable shoe I have ever worn.Although the model is exactly the same as the previous pair I bought, this pair had the pull tabs on the heel, which make them easier to get on. Like all Puma in this model, it does not have a separate tongue, but is continuous all the way around. This makes it a little more difficult to get on, but the pull tabs overcome that. My son got me started on Pumas because he is on his feet all day and these are the only shoes that are comfortable for that length of time. They also wear well. I got him a new pair for Christmas too.
B008AXTOQ0 its Alright The fitting is nice although i have room left in the front portion. The shoe looks amazing thought. Beautiful color combination and strong side soles. The strapless is pretty new to me and it looks and feels a bit different, but hopefully get used to it. Not that light in weight as i hoped but not also very heavy. Its rather good for a Puma.
B008AXTOQ0 Love the Voltaics This is probably my 6th or 7th pair of Voltaics, and I love them as slip-on house shoes. They're comfortable and don't make my feet sweat and come in a variety of color combinations that will appeal to just about anyone. I usually wait until they are on sale, and I got a good deal on Amazon. They're pretty durable, though my big toe eventually seems to wear a hole in the top after a year or so. Love these shoes!
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoe, i have never purchased a PUMA and this will not be the last! i have never purchased a PUMA and this will not be the last!SHipping was a little slow but not out of reasonI will purchase again and if this vender has the best price and low cost to no shipping it will be with them
B008AXTOQ0 Fine fit, they are so soft. Good purchase. Great shoes, I love them! I like color and shape. They have an elastic fabric that when you try them on feel great. I used them today and it fits perfect.
B008AXTOQ0 perfect shoes for the real seahawks fan I got the blue and green pair... most comfortable shoe I have found in a while. And not to mention they came in my favorite NFL teams colors.... perfect!
B008AXTOQ0 Very lite & Comfortable I first purchased these shoe about a year ago.  I loved them so much that when the wore out I bought another pair last week.  These shoes are very lite weight and provide excellent support all around.  The only reason I didnt give them 5 stars is because they are a little smaller than the size stated.  I knew this from my past purchase so I ordered a 1/2 size larger this time. Other than that small issue I have been very happy.
B008AXTOQ0 Break them in When I first received the shoes I considered returning them because they fit a bit too narrow. After a week of daily wear they broke in and now are extremely comfortable like every other pair of Pumas I own.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Great style and nothing extraordinary about comfort. Typical running shoe. I would buy another pair of pumas any day. Word.
B008AXTOQ0 I LOVE MY PUMAS! NICE FIT, GREAT LOOKING, PRICED RIGHT! I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO MY NEXT PAIR OF SNEAKERS WOOHOO! AMAZON ROCKS BIG TIME!!!!
B008AXTOQ0 terrible save your money.  the worst pair of shoes I've bought in 10 years.  they do not fit consistent.  the soles are lumpy.  i hate the no tongue design.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome! I've never owned a pair of pumas before and I can honestly say I've been missing out! I'm glad I decided to give puma a shot!
B008AXTOQ0 Love these shoes! Love Pumas and these are amazing! I think pumas makes some of the best shoes on earth and they match my Spider-Man Under Amour shirt!
B008AXTOQ0 excellent!!! excellent product, great design and comfort, the best shoes I bought, I love it.I recommend it.Good work PUMA.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome This is the best fitting athletic shoe ever, they are so lightweight it's like walking on clouds!Over the years I have tried so many different brands and they have fallen short in so many ways: Reebok, Asics, New Balance etc. They were either too tight or too loose fitting, fell apart after the first couple of trials at the track, or they just didn't have the style and pizzazz of these new Pumas. With today's Puma shoe, and the many color combinations that are available everyone is sure to find the right Puma to fit their style; not to mention the fact that they are so affordable you just might get a second, third, so on.... Just remember these shoes tend to run a little on the small side, so when ordering them, please order them a half to a full size larger.Believe me these shoes are so comfortable, that I have told my friends and a few of them have purchased them. I do and I will always recommend these shoes to everyone!And remember life's too short, enjoy it to the fullest.
B008AXTOQ0 Good Shoes A little tight, but comfortable! I rally like them for exercise! Not a bad pair of shoes! As always Amazon sucks when it comes to returning!
B008AXTOQ0 amazing for the price well....i use nike since many years and i buy this puma because the style was amazing and the price to 53$...and wowww i feel better in the puma,i want buy 2 or 3 others,the look and the confort is so good,everybody in the gym flash on my shoes green black fluo.i recommended,the size feet well!!
B008AXTOQ0 well.............. So this is the 4th pair of these i have bought for work and 2 for play this newer version looks alittle better but it definitely runs runs buy a 1/2 siz bigger why they had to change a good thing
B008AXTOQ0 Excellent product from PUMA!I love it Excellent shoes ,Fit like they are made for my foot.I am so excited.Quality is excellent and I will wait for Puma voltaic 5 for shore!!!
B008AXTOQ0 Nice Shoe Good fit so far. Very comfortable after the first day of breaking them in. Id buy another pair no doubt
B008AXTOQ0 Why my order was cancelled and now shows the shoes available? I have purchased a pair of these shoes and it went through and today late afternoon said out of stock...how is this possible that today is showing as you have the same pair available?
B008AXTOQ0 Great looking/fitting sneaker. First Puma I've had in over 30 years. Tried them out due to customer feedback and am not disappointed. Love them!
B008AXTOQ0 ?don't' know what you mean I would like to buy purple Mens golf shoes.  l need your help 8.5.  l have never used puma shoes lam so happy to have bought them great shoes
B008AXTOQ0 orange puma shoes I have never bought or wore brand Puma, but was very pleased with them.I would recommend them for looks and comfort
B008AXTOQ0 Very fitted. Got to wear the right pair of sucks. The fit is very fitted, so it MUST be worn with low cut, thin sucks. They are very light on weight and comfortable to wear. I am very pleased.
B008AXTOQ0 Love them Puma Voltaics are the ultimate in performance, price, style, and comfort!!!  I have them in 4 colors now I believe.
B008AXTOQ0 Love the design They run small.  I love the Voltaic design.  I have two pair of the previous version.  They are a snug comfortable show.  But they can feel tight.
B008AXTOQ0 this is the 5th pair of voltaics ive owned... im crazy about these shoes, the look, the fit, and the built in tongue design. I dont even have to lace them and i wear a 13. The hard plastic on the front of the shoe has protected all 5 pair from would be damage. Overall a great design in the voltaic 3, and a true to form update in the voltaic 4. +++
B008AXTOQ0 Very comfortable and stable shoes. Loving these new shoes. The other positive reviews know why they are so great. Snug, breathable, supportive, stable shoes. Would be hard to go wrong buying these as long as you buy them a half size larger than you usually buy your shoes as the sizing is a bit smaller than some other brands. Will certainly be buying a pair of these in the future when the current pair are worn out.
B008AXTOQ0 I am glad I LIKE THE SHOES. I AM HAPPY AND I will buy another pair if I have money.I believe that I bought the real stuff that I have been looking for.
B008AXTOQ0 nice shoes Great fit, good price. This is my second pair of these, and i love them!  Can't wait for some other colors to go on sale!
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes! I ordered my normal size and they fit perfectly. I am a long time PUMA customer and have never owned a bad pair. These look great in white/black and go with just about anything.
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA Men's Voltaic 4 Mesh Cross-Training Shoe This is a christmas gift for a young man.  He will love them - I have several Puma sneakers, he has always commented on the look - so I got him his own pair for Christmas.  I love mine - they fit great, look great and are durable too.
B008AXTOQ0 my husband loves these I surprised my husband with these shoes and he absolutely  loves them! Definitely his favorite pair of tennis shoes now
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes for a great price! Tis was the first time Ive ordered shoes online and surprisingly all of my expectations were met! If you know your shoe size and find a pair that you like then go for it!
B008AXTOQ0 AWESOME Fits great looks great LOVE PUMA, Looking forward to buying another pair of PUMA these are my favorite brand of all
B008AXTOQ0 looks good, fits great, turns out...won't last. well, i purchase my first pair in may.Pros:great color (grey/yellow)the profile and general look works well jeans or shortsfits well w/ or w/o socksquick break in durationCons:showed up with defects on yellow parts (skid marks and minor scratches)scuffs easilylaces come untied often (need to double knot)started to fall apart after 3 months (worn 2-3 times a week)the first 3 cons weren't great, but the fact that it didn't even last more than 3 months on less than 1/2 time usage makes this product pretty crappy.  i had purchased a second pair of these (different color) because of the Pros prior to the shoes just falling apart.  the new ones have been sitting in the box they came in and i'm debating on sending them back.  i had no reason to think that these wouldn't last as long as my previous versions of these shoes (V3), which i had for 2 years.  it's really too bad, because they do really look great and fit well.  damn it puma, your quality sucks.  i really wanted to continue buying your products.if you're curious what the problem is, the sole started to become "unglued" from the base of the shoe.  i'm pretty good with my stuff and most of my shoes last anywhere from 2-4 years before any signs of wear and tear show it self.
B008AXTOQ0 I love the shoes I wish I could buy another pair of green voltaic size 12 Shoes were great I also have the green and yellow.love the fit and the colors hope they continent with this style
B008AXTOQ0 all in one The color pattern jumped out at me from my first look. I had a pair of Pumas previously and wore the soles out so I was familiar with the rugged construction of the product. The inner lining of the shoes is very unique in that it feels like gloves on my feet, very comfortable.
B008AXW9PI No frills, get the job done, track shoe These track shoes aren't the highest quality of craftsmanship, but they're still holding together well, fit right, and get the job done!
B008AXW9PI Great for price Haven't used in a meet yet, but my 14 yr old son loves the way they look and feel.  We will know more after his first meet.
B008AXY38Y Mens PUMA Cell Surin CT Shoe I bought these for my son for Christmas and he was extremely happy with them. The truth is I knew he was interested in a pair when I caught him researching them online! We find PUMA shoes very comfortable and reasonably priced.
B008AXY38Y Super fly for a white guy These shoes are super fresh! may be one of the coolest pairs of shoes ive ever owned. on top of that you cant beat the $80 price tag which is unbeatable.
B008AXY38Y Excellent service and excellent product! The shoe's are amazing and the shoes arrived on time.
B008AXY38Y Great sneakers First pair of puma sneakers for me.  Got these for cross training exercises (p90x, boxing, etc.) and I feel they've given me great ankle support without being too heavy.A good buy.
B008AXY38Y Nice shoes These shoes are nice but cut to small. I own 3 other pair of Puma's and they fit well. This what happens when you use more then one factory not in the USA to make your shoe's, very poor quality control. Shame on Puma.
B008AXY38Y great My third pair of pumas great fit, comfort and style. Trust them in the gym or wear them as casual.
B008AXY38Y Great Product I have been wearing Puma shoes for the past 10 years and this one does not disappoint. Provides a cool, comfortable, and relaxed fit. The size is true to at least my last pair of Puma's.I would recommend this product.
B008AXY38Y Puma cell Have been using puma cell training shoes for years. And as expected this is no excepteion. Great pair for running
B008AXY38Y Good walking shoes at an excellent price Excellent pair of walking shoes. Comfortable, with good support. Bought for $40 on Amazon during a 50% off one-day special. Received two days later.
B008AXY38Y Love these shoes! I don't normally spend this much on shoes. I'm a super saver. But I do love these shoes. Glad I spent the extra cash.
B008AXY38Y very nice Great quality and the white is white so that made me happy. There was no yellowing, they are literally super white. They fit great and feel great
B008AZD5ZE These shoes are amazing! Not only do they look good they feel great! I think I haven't owned a more comfortable pair of shoes in God knows how long!I absolutely love them, if you're in the fence about getting them, I really can't recommend them enough.
B008AZD5ZE Love them! My son says these are some of the most comfortable shoes he's owned. He said he'd like another pair in the future.
B008AZG59W love puma! product was just as described. I work at a hospital and needed comfortable shoes since I'm on my feet for a majority of my 12 hour shift. these Pumas fit the bill. I used to get Nike Shox but couldn't justify the price paid for them. bought a different pair of Puma and loved them so when I saw these for $36, I figured I couldn't go wrong and I was right!
B008AZG59W Pumas rule I have become a Puma convert. Love the lightweight and comfort. The high style and excellent fitis a plus too.
B008AZG59W piter delgado Good afternoon, first accept my best regards, I am writing in order to express that two (02) days bid this product: PUMA Men's Radius Running Shoe, Dark Shadow / Black / Yellow, 8.5 D U.S., which had a price of 43.00 $, when the boy to pay today with my credit card, I am informed that the item's price is $ 77.50, I would like you to please review the day I bid, to see what I can leave on the previous price for proceed to buy. thank a lot would know, because I want the shoes.Without further reference to goodbye to you, waiting for a prompt and positive response.Sincerely.Login.Cyberpiter.com @ gmail.com
B008B0MGQ2 :) First at all I would like to say that is good to have the brand which I have no problem to find my size! Next would be the white ones.
B008B0MGQ2 amazing! The shoes came in perfect condition, have incredible grip and are more comfortable then my other shoes that have insoles in them. this pair of shoes are a perfect example of why puma is one of the best shoe brands in the world. I will definitely be buying more pumas in the future. A++
B008B0MGQ2 Great sneaker Extremely comfortable and styling as well. Liked them so much I ordered another pair. Great price as well. Hold up well too.
B008B0MGQ2 These Pumas fit as good as they look. A fair value: snug, supportive fit and just the right sole stiffness during sprints. Good trainers to rotate among during the week.**Two weeks later...The tipping point for choosing these Pumas was the good reviews. And I added one myself... As I was able to break these in I notice that these shoes have firm lateral stability, i.e. they don't turn over easily to the sides like common running shoes. So you can play tennis in them. Bonus.So I ordered another pair.
B008BXRZ9W Great sneakers! These are great sneakers. We are on our 2nd pair. They are my daughter's go to shoe. She's able to easily get them on/off independently and reports they are very comfortable. Fit is true to size & the colors are vibrant. Fast shipping with prime!
B008BXRZ9W good for pre school these are great for a preschool and kindergarten child, that has not mastered shoe laces. they are so comfortable, my granddaughter loves these. this is the 2nd pair.
B008BXRZ9W My daughter loves these shoes My daughter loves them.  These are the second pair I've purchased for her. She gets compliments consistently. Parents want to know where I purchased them. They're cool too.  The fit is perfect.  My daughter is 8 year and destroys shoes.  These have stood the test of time compared to the others I've purchased.
B008BXRZ9W Colorful blocks These shoes are so jolly in their happy colors.They are comfortable and easily paired with my 7 year old clothes.I bought her another pair in purple and lilac.
B008BXRZ9W Puma Love These are great shoes, easy to slip on/off and go with anything from shorts to a skirt.  This is my daughter's second pair and they are great quality.
B008EXQBU8 Love Puma Shoes First off, I looooove Puma shoes. I love the quality, designs, comfort, etc.  These shoes fit true to size. I love the versatility in that they can be work for workouts and also look great with a pair of jeans.
B008EYO4TW Compliments and Comfort I LOVE these shoes! They are absolutely the most comfortable shoes I've worn in a very long time. Yet they're sleek and extremely flattering on the feet. I've had many compliments from complete strangers. I was fortunate to find a pair in black at Nordstrom's for half-price (my introduction to this brand.) I bought this pair and the Liberty Blue pair as well (they are actually purple, NOT blue). The next pair of shoes I buy will be Puma shoes. I have foot problems and I can't wear a lot of styles. These are fantastic. Quality materials and workmanship. I've worn them a lot and they still look new.
B008EYO4TW comfortable and stylish enough for work I had another similar pair that I find myself wearing all the time.  This new pair is also very comfortable and I'm likely to wear them often.
B008EYO4TW Great shoes This is my third pair if Puma ballet flats, and they are awesome, as always. They have much more cushion than 'fashion brand' flats, so well worth the price.
B008EYQHY2 Disappointing These were so uncomfortable, the usual padding on Puma shoes like this was not there & they didn't come up as far up on the toes as they used to.  Overall they appeared cheap looking. I returned them, maybe next year Puma will bring back their original shoe.
B008F063BM Puma Is Best These are as good as any you can get for the price paid. Wouldn't hesitate to get a second pair.
B008F063BM I LOVE THESE SHOES! I haven't worn them too much, so I can't speak on the comfort, but I love the look of them! I own several pairs of Pumas though and I've never had a problem with discomfort.For the price, I'm wishing I would have bought them in white too!
B008F06A5Q So many compliments! I am  in love with these shnazzy sneakers!  I walk a lot during the day and since my recent knee surgery I live in sneakers during the week. Only switching to heels for date nights or an event.These sneakers are so very comfy!  Of course the first time I wore them there were a bit stiff as new sneakers tend to be, but the next wear and every one since then has been a dream.  I work in a corporate environment and these compliment my mostly black wardrobe with just the right pop of color!I've been complimented on the street as well for my cool colored kicks!  GET THEM!!  I would purchase again in a heartbeat!
B008F06C7C Not too sure... I originally bought these shoes because they were supposed to be for my Zumba class, according to the Puma reviews/description and customer reviews. I've used them for Zumba and for regular stair climbing exercises and they're just okay. For the Zumba classes, I have noticed that my arch starts to ache after 10-15 minutes of jumping around. I used a different pair of Puma's for my Zumba class (Puma Skylaa Mid tops) and they were MUCH MUCH better for Zumba. I would like to return these, but don't think I can after using them a handful of times. They're comfy for walking but that's it.
B008F06C7C Great Sneaker! Love these sneakers! As soon as I put them on I felt my foot conform perfectly to the padding on the inside of the shoe.  I immediately went for a walk as soon as I got them and it felt like I was walking on air.  I just love the style of these shoes, and so far have gotten a bunch of compliments on them.  They are a great price, have great style, and are SO comfortable.  Definitely a win for sneakers!
B008F06C7C Love the shoes! I wear a size 6 and they are true to fit. The colors are the same as the photo. The high arch and toe supports are great for my high impact Zumba dancing. They are comfortable as well.  I would purchase another pair in different colors. So far I have not been disappointed with any of my Puma shoes.
B008F06KB0 Vert nice! I ordered the Dark Shadow/Mint Leaf/Cabaret color and it's wonderful, I just love it. I needed a pair of hearty winter shoes so I was wanting and expecting the plastic material all around. I also needed a smaller, form fitting pair of shoes because it's what I prefer to wear. I thought they felt pretty good putting them on. The back rubs my heel a tiny bit but after about 3 days it's subsided. I really enjoy the Puma brand and I really love this pair of shoes.
B008F06KB0 Great deal! I love them! And I received an awesome deal on them! For the price they are on here, I suggest everyone to buy two pair! It's hard to come across a good deal like this! I bought a pair for myself and a pair for my sister. They are so cute and comfortable!
B008F06KB0 Very plastic You get what you pay for! I bought these to replace a pair of Reboks that are many years old. I was looking for a split sole shoe that I could dance in but still have some support. These are not too bad except that the uppers, being plastic, are not very supple. They'll work, but not as well as the Reboks did!
B008F0KUOS I want another pair Extremely comfortable running shoe. I want another pair in a different color. Fits like a sock. I love them. Highly recommend.
B008F0KUOS light,  cushioned, and comfortable. These shoes are light with plenty of cushion. They fit snug and remind me of putting on a new pair of socks. I feel like thhey help me to put more weight on my toes rather than my heels, which is a good thing. I chose size 12, which is the size i wear in pumas. I wear an 11.5 in nike and reebok.I bought another pair of these in another color because i like them so much.
B008F0KUOS puma nut I have and have had 50+ pairs of Pumas over the years and had the faas 500 for a couple of years prior to buying these. Nice , light weight shoe but it is the only size 12 I have that seems a bit snug and not sure why. They are great shoes for light runs, not too much cushion so i dont think they are for long runs on concrete but on treadmill they are great. My previous pair is a bit flat after a good three years of running , working out etc. tough to beat for price.
B008F0KUOS Spouse is happy! My husband used to wear a pair of PUMA Faas 550. As these were no longer available, we got the PUMA Men's Faas 500 V2 and he is pleased. That means they're good!
B008F0O0S0 Love Puma Shoes Now I have Puma 250, 300,350, they are all great, I use one for speed training, one for tempo, and the long run. This gives me a lot of choices. Love Puma technology. And will be getting more when I hit 500 miles on each one.
B008F17R2K Spring in your step Love these shoes. But I must admit that I am a shoe hoarder. A lot of compliments from others. Has a weird pushy feel to them giving you the sense of higher movement. There is a slight side arch that sort of gives the feel of one way springs. I do feel as though I walk slightly faster because of this sensation. I bought a second pair in red and now I am looking for a dark or earthy color if possible as these are mostly available in bright colors.
B008F17R2K Love Them ! My son is growing like a weed and needed a pair of shoes ASAP. Thankfully I can always count on PUMA to be true to size and FIT like a glove. My son LOVES these shoes and so do all his friends.. They wear well and soon will be donated. I will be back on AMAZON.com buying another pair at a great price and I LOVE that.
B008F17R2K Comfortable but very delicate Bought these shoes about a month and a half ago and they are very comfortable. I bought them to run in and planned to use them for an upcoming half marathon. However, after about 3-4 weeks of running in them (about 2-3 times a week) the outside layer on the front sides of the left shoe tore (photo: http://twitter.yfrog.com/j26xjujj?sa=0). I have to say, I'm pretty disappointed with that. I would probably not recommend this for runners.
B008F17R2K Puma running shoes These are good low-to-middle quality shoes.I will use them as a second pair shoe.I believe I have a pair of shoes that I believe are better.These would be better if they had better cushioning.I believe they are good for what they cost me.
B008F17R2K Cheap material Bought this pair about a month ago and they are very comfortable. but after few times running on treadmill the outside layer on the front sides of the right shoe tore....Not recommend for runners.
B008F17R2K Very unhappy with these shoes There are two main problems with these shoes.First, they're sized wrong, as other reviewers have noted.  They're at least half a size too small, which obviously makes them uncomfortable.  I should have sent them back immediately, but thought maybe they would stretch a little as I used them.  They did not.Second, they're poorly made.  I've only had my pair a couple of months and noticed today that the upper has a HUGE crack in it.  I haven't even used them very much.  I walk for about 45 minutes, 3 times a week, and that's the only time I wear them.  Now I've had them too long to return them.  That's $55.00 out the window.My review in a word:  Poor
B008F17R2K Look Good & Feel Good I think they feel good on my feet and they also look good as well. I want to buy another pair in another color. Just don't care for what little dirt get in the back part of the shoe. I only wear them when im inside working out.
B008F17R2K Fake Puma Product! Hi Amazon people,this is Edner cesar.Sorry  to tell you that I am going to return  the sneakers again. &#34;PUMA MEN'S Elite  Running Shoe,Black Silver,10 D US.It is a fake Puma tennis shoes.May be is too cheap.I am going to add more money,buying  real Puma Sneaker &#62;Please,send me a return sticker or bar code.I will myself bring it to the UPS to return it to you.THE PAIR is so fake,sorry.Return the money to my bank account.Sorry again for any inconvenient that may cause.You find me a difficult customer to be satisfy,if I have something I don't enjoy it better not to have it.Otherwise,I am not going to use it.
B008F17R2K very good pair of shoes I run last weekend with these pair of shoes and worked perfectly, very comfortable and helped me a lot during the marathon.
B008F17R2K NICE shoe, and the price, wow! I purchased this pair of shoes for my 14 year old to use for PE.  He LOVES it.  Very cool design and color scheme, wide enough for his large growing feet and just plain comfortable.  What an amazing price too.  He will outgrow it fast, so the price is right.
B008F17R2K worst shoe ever i've been running for 25yrs,bought all types of shoes,but never experienced this much pain in my life!I must have received a defective pair,I can't imagine anyone buying these shoes without negativity.someone owes my feet an apology!!
B008F17R2K Love Puma, Hated the pair I received I received a dirty Worn pair with color missing off the shoe. wont order shoes from here again.never had that problem with zappos
B008F17R2K Very nice pair of Running Shoes Nice and light, good cushioning but a little stiff in flexing, very nice styling.  I would rate it a 9.5 out of ten especially at the gold box price I paid.A few months into these and the front lip is coming unglued but otherwise holding together well.
B008F17R2K Light weight and comfy These are my first puma running sneakers I've used but have always been a fan of the low top suede classics.  These shoes are light and comfortable so far. Hope fully they can stand the wear and tear of OC races.
B008F17R2K Awesome Footwear! What I love about these shoes it gives you great endurance. Especially you are a basketball fad. It also feels great when you wear it everywhere. My best friend love the shoes a lot he is availing it also! 5 stars for these one!
B008F17R2K Cheap construction. The front lip on this shoes has already started to come loose. Its poorly constructed and I only wear these indoors (medical office setting).  Time to switch brands as I've been Puma loyal for many years
B008F17R2K Disappointed My son purchased these shoes 7-1-13 to have for college.  He wore them once, and a rubber tread on bottom came loose.  We should have returned them at that time.  Instead, since school was starting soon, we took them to a shoe repair shop and had it glued back.  Now at college, he wore them for the first time, and now several of the treads have come loose. I wanted to return them but now it's too late.  I just wish he would have worn them more before he started college, so we could have seen what poor quality they are. It's too bad, because these were comfortable and he liked the way they looked he got the black ones). But to only last for two wearings,definitely not worth it. Very surprising, because we have bought lots of Puma soccer shoes over the years, and they held up pretty well.
B008F17R2K Very nice The fit is great. This is my third pair. I like these more than my Nike Airs. I will continue to buy these until I can't find them any more.
B008F17R2K Love these! Most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever owned  I even bought my wife a pair.  She really likes hers too.
B008F17R2K Great lookin shoe! Very comfy and goes great with all my Ohio State gear! I get compliments on them all the time. I'm even thinking about getting the black/green pair.
B008F17R2K Not to pleased Too smal not really a jogging shoe after trying them on a mile jog my feet where in pain something not experience with my old shoes ..not worth the price would not recommend
B008F17R2K Shoes are used I received the shoes and they were used already.They had dirt and pebbles stuck on the sole, the plastic was already damaged. I certainly didn't want used shoes, but I don't know if I missed something and I ordered used shoes.
B008F17R2K Great for its purpose! It's a great pair of running shoe. I got it for my brother and he loves it. He saids it has plenty of heel cushions and it fit well on him. Consider buying a 1/2 over cuz the front toes area can be a tad snugged.
B008F17R2K If You Like the Neon Felt on a Tennis Ball, You'll Love These! I bought these in the Lime Punch/Black/White color combination and couldn't be happier!  I've participated in a few 5 and 10 k's since buying these shoes and can usually pick myself out in the finish line photos right away just by looking at the feet.  The fit is a bit narrow, as mentioned by some of the previous reviews, but I did not find this to be a major detractor from the overall experience.Overall, these shoes are lightweight, feel pretty good, and look great.  I bought them during a promotion when they were half off and they were absolutely worth it!
B008F17R2K Great buy! Comfortable, will recommend them too others. I got 2 pair one for me & my son. We are soo fly.
B008F17R2K Jimmy Jazz Absolutely happy with my Pumas. I now have 2 pairs. Fit great and I will be purchasing more sneakers from them. Also received item in one day!! And great price too!
B008F17R2K Best Sneaker Wear. I saw this sneaker on Amazon and went to the store to try them on and right away this pair of runners stole my feet's desire to take off in them. So I bought them on the spot and now I'm walking, running, jumping, and still deciding what else to do in them since they are so comfortable and look really good with jeans and running gear as well, of course. I gotten great compliments and will order another pair just as soon as I need to, but this time I will order here at Amazon.com. Bravo Puma Grrrrrrrr't Sneaker's.
B008F17R2K Nice shoes. Shoes look nice. Fit me true to size. They have nice cushioning. Arrived quick. Price was right. These are the first pumas ive owned and Im liking them.
B008F17R2K love em I love these shoes. I have 4 pairs of them. Very comfortable. Have had my first pair 7 months now and have put over 100 miles on them. Have not had any duribility problems, I wear them hiking and bouldering often. Really love the availible colour schemes. My fire and ice limited editions are my favorite.
B008F17R2K tennis needed My tennis are so pretty and so comfy I am thinking about ordering another pair. Absolutely love love love them.
B008F17R2K almost perfect I think Puma really nailed the design and aesthetics with BioWeb.  I only have 2 little requests (and they don't even apply to everyone):1. The toe box should be made a bit wider or a bit more stretchable.2. The heel wall is too high, it rubs against the back of my heel.If you're used to the New Balance fit, buy this at half a size larger to be safe.
B008F17R2K Nice!!!! Great pair of kicks. The colors are really jazzy.  They have this webbing on them that's so stylish.  The fit was also great. The affordable price makes them even better.
B008F17R2K Great Shoes Second pair I got for my son.  Great price, great shoe.  One of the few places I can get a size 14.
B008F17R2K love em I'm loving these sneaks about now! I'm def looking forward to buying my next pair. Its worth it. Not a bad price
B008F2DOOE capris I love these, this is the 3rd pair I ordered, they are not the stretchy tight kind, loose and comfy for the gym.
B008FXBPZ8 Great track jacket Puma did a great job making this track jacket. The material is very durable and very high quality and looks great. Fits true to size. Would recommend to anyone.
B008IU9BP4 Awesome buy! Great quality and style for a terrific price.  I have repeatedly ordered this item and have been more than pleased by its style, durability and performance!
B008L74P0A Love these shoes! Extremely comfortable shoes, this is my second pair, the old ones got too dirty.  The tongueless design is awesome and I will continue to buy this style of shoe.
B008M7S5NC Great shoes. These shoes are comfy, true to size and handsome.  Great product for a great price.  Would definitely purchase these again.
B008PEJOKK Best pair of Puma Kids My 4 (almost 5) year-old son has been through at least six pairs of Puma Speeder Illuminscent (light-up) shoes.  I always thought they ran small (we had to order a full size up) and they are very narrow.  This pair of PUMAs is more true to size.  The suede is really soft, and the velcro is the perfect length to strap across his foot.  There's plenty of 'give' to open them up to get his foot inside of them.  The soles and heels give him great traction and the color is exactly as bright as pictured.  My son, of course, prefers the light-ups, but I love these shoes!
B008QY0KMK Love them! Absolutely love these shoes!  I waited a year to buy them when the price dropped below $100, so I'm very happy to have them finally.  They are the coolest golf shoes I have seen.  I have 2 other pairs of Puma golf shoes and these seem to run a bit big, but Pumas are all over the board in general. I have 7 pair overall and they range from 11-12.  I ordered a 12 in this shoe and would have probably ended up with a 11 1/2 if I had been able to try them on.  Highly recommend these if you can find them in your size!
B008QY0KMK Amazing shoes -- looks great, feels great. These shoes are awesome -- unbelievable comfort and super high quality. Ive had them for about 2 months and they show no real signs of wear...probably about 12 rounds wearing them.  Clean very easily.  I just played today after a downpour on a course with soaking wet fairways and puddles everywhere -- my feet were DRY at the end of the round.  Could not be happier and may order another pair as a backup.
B008QY0KMK Great fit and great price! Totally happy with my purchase.  Did a lot of shopping around and this was the best price for this product.
B008QY0MWS awesome sneakers. half the price from last year. best walking shoe I have owned,  first pair still look new;i wear them everywhere. 2 thumbs up..
B008QY0MWS Excellent. I wore them today to play golf.  They fit great. This is my first pair of &#34;spike less&#34; golf shoes.  They are very comfortable and I enjoyed the day.  I think they will hold up well and give me years of enjoyment.
B008QY0MWS PUMA GOLF SHOES Received these shoes in Australia within 8 days and am very pleased with them, they fit my husband perfectly.  I ordered 1/2 size larger than normal as advised by your reviewers of this shoe and am extremely pleased that I did.  Very happy with product and excellent service Amazon.  Thank you
B008QY0MWS Love these shoes!!! I have switched from a pair of FJs on the golf course to these bad boys and am continually impressed in all conditions. They hve a great feel, and balance. Not to mention the very sleek look. I would recommend to others 100 times over!
B008QY0MWS nice shoes!! These are really nice shoes! They loosened up nicely after one wearing. Good stability for walking the course but light enough for comfort. I bought the classic black on white because I remember Clyde running up and down the court in this style!! :)I did buy these a half size larger than regular only because I planned to wear two pair of socks with them. I also like the grip on grass but I also don't need to change shoes now!!Go ahead and get these - they go well with shorts or pants.
B008QY0MWS My golfer loves them This is the second pair of puma golf shoes.  A favorite two times in a row.  Light and comfy.  Keep feet dry.  Plus they are cool looking.  Would recommend.
B008QY0TJO Awesome shoes Bought these for my husband. He loves them, & I got them at an excellent price. Very pleased with these.
B008QY0TJO Great looking pair of golf shoes. Great looking golf shoe. Haven't tried them on the course yet but by the feel of them I'm sure they will work out great!
B008QY1N9O I love these shoes. I purchased these shoe because I tried a pair on and thought they were so much more comfortable then the Nike I was going to buy.  I also liked the style and color.  Just played my first round in them and they are great.
B008QY1N9O Great Shoe, Great Deal I've wore Adidas the past year and decided to try some Pumas after liking their other shoes.Tried them out yesterday on the course and they didn't even need a break in period.They felt great and cleaned up easy after the soggy round.The white Adidas I had before never cleaned up as well after the muddy rounds.Will look  at Puma for future golf shoes.
B008QY1N9O Comfortable and great price Good shoe!! Took a little to break in, but very comfortable. Great price!! This is my first pair of puma golf shoes and I am pretty happy!!
B008QY1N9O Great Shoes! I needed to replace my old pair of Nike golf shoes and decided to try Puma's Spark Sport 2 golf shoes.  The shoes do run a tad large. I typically an wear 11.5 or 12, and had to exchange the 11.5s I ordered for 11s.  Other than that, these shoes have been fantastic!  They didn't need to be broken in, I played 9 holes with them straight out of the box.  They're extremely comfortable and have great grip.  I've now played 4 rounds with them and they feel great.  For the price, you can't beat this shoe.
B008QY1N9O feels great Wore these time after time , nice fit and looks good . If you need a pair of golf shoes look no further.
B008QY1X0S needs a little break in on the heel, but great golf shoe I love these, they look great and feel great for 18 plus holes. The heels needed a little break in, or maybe just my heels did for blisters, but that was fully expected. These have great grip in all weather. I almost want to buy another pair in case these are discontinued for when my first ones reach the end of their life.
B008QY1X0S Fantastic I'm loyal to nike sneakers. That's all I've worn for the past 15+ years. I saw these and liked the look. Read the reviews and for the price I figured I'd try them out. Glad I did!  The most comfortable pair of shoes I've put on in sometime.  I wear a size 12, from the reviews I read I ordered them in a size 11.5. The fit perfect look great, and the comfort is second to none. Only war them on a par three thus far, but the traction was superb. Going to have start looking into Puma as another option for everyday sneakers as well. You won't regret buying these
B008QY1X0S Amazing shoes I love these shoes!!! And so did the foursome I played with. I wore them for the first time at a tournament the first weekend I had them.  They are very light and sharp looking.  They feel as if you're not wearing shoes at all. I'm planning to purchase another pair in a blue this time. Buy these shoes and you won't regret it.  They run about half a size bigger than normal but that is no problem at all.
B008QY1X0S 1st pair of Pumas since 1978 nice leather upper, shoes are well supported in arch and laterally in swing.  The cleats hold true on wet ground.  Very happy with the shoes so far early in the year.  Would definitely purchase again.  Quick shipment very pleased.
B008QY1X0S My new Puma I wore them this weekend and was impressed with the traction and support. I like the appearance as well. Great price and value!
B008QY1X0S This product is very nice, I am very happy for buying in amazon. Its excellent.This product is very nice. Puma Mens sport golf shoes are confortable and its Price is cheap. Thanks you.
B008QY1X0S Good shoes! I put these on for the first time, and they felt very comfortable.  I've worn them a couple of times on the course, and they perform well there, too.  Get a pair.  You'll like them.
B008QY1X0S Puma golf shoes Nice shoes just a little snug around the sides! Other than that great shoes! Very comfortable other than that try on a pair before you buy just to make sure!
B008QY1X0S Great pair of golf shoes. Golf shoes were extremely comfortable and fit well.  Couldn't have asked for a better shoe.  I am going to buy them again.
B008QY1X0S Great golf show I bought one pair and they were so comfortable I wanted to get another pair before they made any changes.
B008QY1X0S Puma AMP Sport Golf Shoe I was kind of iffy about ordering golf shoes online but the price was right. When I received the shoes in the mail I tried them on and was blown away by the comfort. They even feel better on the golf course. Highly recommended!
B008QY1X0S Disappointing Experience Probably the last time I try ordering any type of shoe product via Amazon or any other mail order. It was just too costly and too complicated to return a pair of golf shoes that were too tight and I believe the size on them was incorrect. For the record: I own 12 pairs of various brands of golf shoes and they are all the same size as these Puma's that I had to return. The Puma's were nice looking and well constructed just too tight for the sizing marked on them. Between the outlet store Amazon used charging me what appears to be a restocking fee along with the shipping costs I occured it cost me well over $25 to return them. In the future I will just purchase these types of products at sports store or pro shop where I can first try them on for fit.
B008QY3N5Q GREAT VALUE! BEST $40 I HAVE SPENT ON GOLF SHOES...FITS LIKE A GLOVE AND BY FAR THE MOST COMFORTABLE PAIR I HAVE OWNED, GREAT FEEL ON THE GREENS ALSO.
B008QY3N5Q Awesome shoes! Super comfy, very stylish.  I'm halfway tempted to cut the cleats off and wear them out as regular shoes.  Priced really well for Pumas.  Might buy another pair.
B008R9Y0V6 Tangerine Puma Wedge Trainers I purchased the My-66 Puma Orange and White Wedge trainers for my asian &#34;exotic beauty.  She loved them on the spot.  They are a very tall shoe, much like a high-top basket ball shoe.  So in order to get the look right for these shoes,  it's short short dresses (like a crisp white tennis dress)  or in a Tank Top and a White pair of short mesh Soffee Shorts.  My girlfriend loves these Puma Wedges.  She'll be taking them on the cruise with her this April 2013.  Maybe you'll see us she'll be the gorgeous one in these incredible PumaTangerine Puma Wedge Trainers. Size 6.5 is perfect for her little feet.  Enjoy!!!
B008R9Y0V6 Beautiful and expensive looking shoe Before I bought this blue pair, I already had the black pair and that is how I fell in love with them.  Whenever I wore them, I would get lots of compliments on how cute they look on my feet.  I wear them with skinny jeans, shorts, basically anything that shows off the entire shoe.  Best feature is the wedge.  It's just right for someone like me who's 5'2".
B008R9Y0V6 Great Shoes I love these shoes. Have had them for a few months now and am still a big fan. I don't usually wear high heels (and these are high!) but sneakers instead - these are a perfect combination! Ideal with shorts or short skirts / dresses but I also have a pair of Jeans these look great with. Super comfortable!
B008R9Y0V6 Luv luv luv these sneakers. I love love love these sneaker, very causal you can sport it with jeans,tank top,and a blazer. Hope you guys enjoy your pair of PUMA women's MY/66 wedges.
B008R9Y0V6 Love It! It's currently my favorite pair of shoes! Not only does it look great, it's also super comfortable and you'd barely feel the wedge.Love it so much that I'd wear it on flights despite the trouble of removing them for security scans!So tempted to get the ones in grey too.
B008RAGKBS great one A great running shoses i love it. It fit excellent and it amazing.i can recomended for anybody with this price and free shipping its been a quick shipping in 3 days.
B008RAHSN2 Worst quality ever I had never bought such a bad pair of shoes! After only a month (and without wearing it every day), the sole is completely detached!!! I will return the snickers and buy another pair. Not these again!!!It's hard to understand how some PUMA snickers can have a $1-pair-of-shoes quality. Apparently, the quality is no longer related to the brand, neither to the price...
B008RAZL0Y Pat50 My husband just loved these Puma's.  They are really comfortable.  Would definitely recommend them to my friends.  Hope to buy another pair in the future!!
B008RB17OM NIce pair of kicks. I don't buy sneakers often but I was drawn to these because they're Puma and Puma doesn't generally make these type of shoes. Regardless, these are a great pair of shoes to step out in.
B008RB3A1A Nice sneakers I am returnig the product because it has a fabric damage on one side.I dont blame Amazon, but i think they should keep an eye on what they ship.I will try to get them somewhere else
B008RLXJCK Not worth it. Comparing to the other puma I bought, this is definitely a no no. Quality used seem cheap and doesn't fit well even though I bought both puma in same size.
B008RLXJCK My favorite PUMA golf shoes!!! Very comfortable and versatile.  I have this in white too.  Since I live in two separate countries, I own two (black and white pairs) of these shoes at my other home too.  It is the lightest and airiest pair and feel like I'm walking on clouds.  I'm a PUMA girl and this style shoes are my favorite.......so far!
B008UT7MNQ ;great shoe! This is my son's second pair, that's how much he likes them.  I like them because they stand up to his wear and tear and last longer than other, more mesh based sneakers.
B008VQO9AC Great Shoe Style for Sesamoiditis I already own a pair of Fast Cat Pumas, but these are made of nicer material. They have a very solid sole (which keeps my toe from moving too much). They are great for anyone suffering from sesamoiditis. Also lovely and comfortable. I will wear these daily.
B008VUG4FG Kicking it old school This is the second pair of PUMAs my son has requested.  His first was for last year, and when he was asked what sneakers does he want for this school year, he said &#34;PUMA sneakers, again&#34;.  He says they are super comfortable.  The only down-side is that the laces don't stay tied unless you double knot them.  We figured out a way to tie that kept them tied all day and shortly after that it no longer became an issue.
B008VUG4FG My son loves! My son loves Pumas! He had to sleep in these the first two nights he had them! These are his third pair and he's only 2! He outgrew and practically wore out his others.  They fit his fat wide foot great. Easy to get on. I do wish the laces were longer to make them easier to double knot or I wish they came in Velcro. That's why only 4 stars.
B008VUJBLA Perftect My 6yr old loves them...and the fact that the black pair have white soles, means the school can't complain that his shoes make scuff marks in their oh so holy gym.
B008VUJBLA Puma I love the fit and the color is beautiful! I'm ready to buy another pair ASAP. Probably a black pair
B008VUJBLA Nice sneakers I got these for my daughter and she love them. They fit really well and are comfortable. Will be buying another pair.
B008VV1KZE Super Cute Kicks They look good on my daughters feet, and she enjoys wearing them. We didn't strike out on this pair of shoes.
B008VV1KZE LOOKS GREAT ON TODDLERS THIS PAIR OF SHOES GIVES SMALL KIDS A MORE R!ELAXED LOOK, COMFORTABLE AND EASY TO PUT ON SINCE THERE ARE NO STRINGS! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR PRACTICAL PEOPLE!!
B008VV2UBC Great These  shoes are great I got them but the front tore off. But I recommend these for parkour. Because there great for it!
B008X04KR8 Great deal for the money! Puma shoes for $18.00?! And they are cute?! I had to buy two pair :) I love them. they are very durable and super comfortable.
B008XAUJB4 Great light shoes I loved this shoes my daughter is picky , but when she got this pair no more fighting to wear sneakers with her, she doesn't like sneakers but this one she loved it . comfortable and easy to wear , only the first time she got confused to figure out the left one from the right because of the straps , but after couple of times she is ok.
B0098IBSTM it 'auight!!! Thought the sneaker was real leather! First pair of Puma! May not be the last. Still training for my triathlon with them though
B0098IBSTM Puma has long history wore first Puma shoes shipped to US playing football at U of Alabama in 1964...they were awesome then and these shoes continue that tradition...especially like their contour to my feet and durability (wore last pair 7 yrs)...these shoes spell &#34;athlete&#34;...
B0098IBSTM Love MY shoes I couldn't wait to get these awesome shoes ....all is great and I will be order again and will also advise others.
B0098IBSU6 Great Deal, Great Shoe, a little small. I got a great deal on these shoes and absolutely love them. They are so light! I love the colors and can match them with pretty much anything I'm wearing. WARNING: I am a 10.5 in every pair of pumas i have ever bought. I had to send my first pair back and get a size 11 instead. So they do run a half size smaller than other pumas. You will want to lace these all the way up or they will jingle with every step due to the top two boot brackets.
B0098IBSU6 NOT RUBBER SOLE, but slippery I just ordered two of these pair, one in the coffee with purple, the other with varying browns.  THE SOLE IS SLIPPERY, NOT RUBBER, but rather just like those cheap Chinese soles you see in Walmart sneakers.  I didn't even have to fully remove the shoes from the box, just felt alongside one sole, to know these shoes are NOT good.So, I tested one of the other pair.  The sole might not slip on kitchen lineoleum.  I found good traction there, when placing one shoe on the lineoleum, with my hand.  But I wouldn't trust it in a Walmart or other store.Why this concern?  I was replacing good Reeboks and Batas which had genuine rubber or gum soles, which due to age had hardened and become slippery.  I slipped in the store with those aged shoes.  So if once-good soles become hard and slippery, what then of soles which already feel slippery?Thank you Amazon that these shoes are eligible for Free Returns.  For that's exactly what I'll do with them, RETURN.The shoes are advertised as rubber-soled.  NOT.  So no point, in even trying them on.  I can't therefore comment on anything else about the shoes, except that they are very light, and look cheaply made.
B0098ICQPM Puma Suede I had no problem with delivery. I love this style of Puma, it takes me back to my younger days. Truly a classic sneaker, I have approximately 13 pair.Though I haven't had a chance to wear them I'm sure they'll be great. With the Old-school Clyde you can ever go wrong.
B0098ID10G Comfortable, Lightweight Shoes, But Slippery Original review, 2013-12-31:These are nice shoes - very comfy. The sole is one piece of foam-ish rubber which coats the outer edges and bottom of the shoe. There's a small fuzzy insole layer inside the shoe where your foot touches it. It's quite comfortable and everything has held up well (I've worn them a lot since July [2013] when I bought them). The shoes themselves are also very lightweight (weigh about as much as my phone?) and the soles aren't wearing down much (as they tend to do around the heels and balls of my feet, usually). One thing: the shoes are slippery on the soles. Complete non-issue on asphalt or dry concrete, but in the rain or on smooth concrete (or on smooth tile floor) this can be an issue if you make abrupt turns. Also, the soles make a suction-cup sound when you walk on these kinds of smooth surfaces. Not a huge deal, but non-trivial if you've got poor balance. I have yet to slip significantly due to this, so I say it's fine, but I could see it being a problem for some. [Duration of ownership: ~5 months]Update, 2014-03-04:The shoes are still in pretty good shape (I wear them almost daily, but I have 2 pairs which I alternate). The soles have faded somewhat (mostly at the heel and the ball of the foot). The outside of the shoes still looks to be in quite good shape. [Duration of ownership: ~7 months]
B009FD25EC Big Fan of PUMA I've been buying PUMA for years, should come as no surprise that the shoes are perfect as always! First new pair of new shoes in 7 years, and the other PUMA's they are replacing still are in decent shape!
B009FD25EC Just another pair of shoes Too many Ferrari and BMW puma in my shoe cabinet.Just another pair for daily use.Dont look nicer than those but same quality with lesser money.
B009FD2LM8 Another Great Sneaker Form PUMA! This particular style is among my favorite from Puma and probably why I own 4 pair in different colors. Comfy and fashionable.
B009FD2LM8 Shoes fit snug at first but they quickly break in I love Puma shoes as well as Nike. These Pumas feel great and are ideal for walking, exercising or other activities. I currently have several different pair of Pumas and I love the black and red.
B009FD2LM8 Fits a love/hate The shoe is nice looking, love the color combo.  I bought a 10 (my normal size), way to big.  Exchanged for a 9.5,  The shoes back is low, feel like your walking out of them when you first put them on, takes some adjustment each time...once adjusted, super comfy. I love that they're reflective, I didn't read that in the reviews I read.. great for night time wearing.  White ones are being ordered now.
B009FD2LM8 Its like walk in heaven I never been in heaven but when i put my Voltaic on it feels like been there. They are really good, by the way i will get another pair of them but yellow. I don't want to risk the chance to get my second one before the red ones worn out.
B009FD2LM8 Second pair of Voltaics This is my sons second pair of Voltaics. They both love these shoes. They were excited to get them in leather this time so they're a little more water resistant. Very comfortable shoes.
B009FD2LM8 Great Super comfortable, I bought a second pair as soon as I felt how good these felt...I will buy more for sure
B009FD2LM8 GREATEST DEAL ON A PAIR OF BEAUTIFUL PUMA's Great fit! Great looking! Excellent condition & Perfectly priced! Expected a pair of gently used shoes ended up w/even better deal! Brand New!
B009FD3JJC great colors, really work, thinking of getting a second pair Look just like I ordered, have already got plenty of complaments. Great fit and for the price great buy. Love them
B009FDO3U6 These are so cool. I was looking around for some new, sort of unique, running shoes and I happened upon these pieces of art. These are some cool shoes. Each strap moves around a bit freely, so when you flex your toes the strips in the front move around. I think that's pretty cool.My only concern when I purchased these shoes was whether they'd be a problem in the rain. So far, no problem, and I live in a very rainy environment. The straps do a good job of protecting your feet/toes in the shoe.The hook and loop strap on the shoes makes it very easy to adjust them slightly, but I have no problem with just slipping them on and off with a little push. With that said, I have no worries of them flying off. The ended up fitting my feet very well, and I'm very happy with that. They are extremely comfortable and they are my dailies.It has been a while since I've been this happy with a pair of shoes, and willing certainly pick up another pair when the time comes.
B009FDO3U6 SECOND PAIR If you want a shoe that is comfortable as well as stylish this is the one. I own four pair and they are awesome very very stylish!!
B009FDPVRK First pair of pumas in 7 years that didn't fit nor liked. Poor quality for Puma shoes. I Own many pairs of puma, at least 25 and this is the first pair that didn't fit as per my size. Way to tight, cheap feeling and non supportive. The one star is for the price value
B009FDR416 great for hot weather After owning one pair for a few months I ordered another just so Id have them when these are worn. very happy.
B009FDR416 Perfect sneakers for me. I bought these Puma shoes on Amazon because they are exactly the sneakers I have been looking for.  Despite visiting a Puma mall store on a regular basis and also visiting 2 different Puma outlet stores, I have never seen these particular Puma shoes.  Or anything like them,.  They are exactly the Puma shoes for which I have been searching.  For years.  I wore out my last 2 pairs of identical Army-Green (with orange stripe) puma sneakers that I purchased in 2009.  I bought the first pair in a Puma mall store, and then bought a second new pair at a Puma outlet store a year later.  I bought two pairs of these Puma shoes because they were the only rugged non-ghetto-looking Olive Army-Drab Puma shoes I have ever found.  And, they don't make that style any more.  I insist on wearing Puma shoes, and I was delighted to find this brown-ish outdoorsy-looking style of Puma sneakers on Amazon. Thank you for having these shoes available.  I intend to shop for shoes and other clothing on Amazon if Amazon offers for sale very unique and stylish casual clothes such as Diesel, Dr. Martens, and Puma.
B009FDR416 perfect shoes and light I ordered 11 based on previous ouma shoes already owned and they fit well. Really good colors! I ordered the gray and yellow and green. They are some way light and tend To look cheap and willing to torn apart off the glue. but I hope they dont
B009FLJKWY Shoes are great but at first Amazon sent me used shoes! The shooes feel a bit tight but not small....... I was very disappointed that amazon first sent me used Pumas... the exchange process was pretty painless though...Overall I like my new Pumas
B009FM3XO4 Fits like a glove Measured foot on paper and picked recommendation from size chart. I'm looking for second pair as back-up/
B009FM4BCW Dope pumas Good solid pair of pumas,not the laces I expected though. They were a bit longer.ill get new laces and they will be my new casual pumas.
B009FM5NTM Good Came earlier than expected and fit fine. This is my second pair of Pumas, and the first pair has held up great.
B009FM5NTM Great Shoes! Great Price! I read they were some what large when I purchased, and that they were.  I love these shoes, they are so comfy and hopefully they last as long as my last set of puma's,  I hope Puma keeps making more of this style of shoe.
B009FM64EK Great Shoes Shoes fit just as expected.  I simply looked at another pair of pumas I had laying around.  Made well, and as high of quality as buying from the outlet store.
B009FM64EK Love these Favorite pair I have bought in a while. Great quality and fit. Puma's are my favorite shoes to purchase and these are great.
B009FMR6D8 HE loves it! my husband loves these pair of pumas i got him. he loves the design and that its hightops. IT fit him perfectly. Shipment arrived promptly and great packaging. Most of all he didn't believe the price. SOO worth it
B009FMRIS6 awesome! I love this product! I bought it for my boyfriend who has a hard time finding his size. The quality is great and the packaging a pleasant surprise. I also love that it comes in different colors. Deff a buy again product!
B009FMRLQU Cool classic shoes Great pair of shoes, they look cool and they are EXTREMELY light! Serioulsy, you won't believe how light these are until you have them in your hand. They are made mostly of fiber, and rubber on the bottom, wich explains the weight.I got the blue ones and the color is just as the one shown on the picture. If you find them at a reasonable price, I reccomend them.
B009FN614C love these! i got the black ones and was so happy to find them in pink. They are brighter than expected but I love them even more
B009FN614C Awesome!!! Great and most awesome shoes.  Very surprised and very pleased. Puma your the best!! Buy a pair you won't be sorry.
B009FN614C Love love love my shoes I love my shoes. I got the standard free shopping that was offered and it said was going to take like while to come but it came super fast maybe like in four days I think. But I love my new sneakers
B009FN614C LOVE THEM I SO LOVE MY WEDGE SNEAKERS. THEY LOOK NICE ON MY FEET.. GETTING ANOTHER PAIR ASAP.  BLACK N WHITE :)
B009FN614C Love them Love them, just what I wanted, get lots of likes every time I wear them, will get another pair for spring time.
B009FN614C cute and comfortable love these wedge sneakers. they're not too high and very comfortable. fits true to size. going to buy another pair
B009FN614C Wedge lover! I love these shoes, I bought my daughter two pair from finishline.com, they didn't have my size on sale.  Will buy more colors.  You can dress them up or down.
B009FN614C NO SHIPPING TO CANADA.... I am not sure why they don't ship to Canada.... Ready to pay for shipment... The only shoes I liked PUMA Sky Wedge Black n Limestone Grey....
B009FN614C Must Haves Loooove these sneakers so much i had to reorder a second pair,They fit very comfy and can go with just about everything!!!!!!
B009FN614C FASHION forward!! You have to add this one to your shoe collection, I have this style in 3 colors and I LOVE THEM!!! I dress them up w/button down shirts and jackets, and keep them casual with sweaters....Cant wait to wear in the summer with shorts also.!!! The fit is true to size and the wedge is comfortable for all day wear.  I've gotten compliments each time I've worn a pair.
B009FN614C I Love them!!! I wish I could find a red pair!!  They fit great and everyone loves them.Thanks a bunch :) &#60;3
B009FN614C Love them...would buy a dozen if i could afford it Love them! I bought them a few months back and my teenager loved them on me so much she wanted a pair herself so i purchased her one also.  i hope this style NEVER goes away or at least any time soon because due to my arthritis these type of tennis shoes are the only ones i can wear (can't wear flat shoes).  I have a pair of nikes, and 2 pair of pumas and i love them all but the pumas are VERY comfortable. I am able to play tennis for the very first time in  years and i am excited!
B009FN614C Love!!! I love the Puma wdge sneakers. This is my third pair. They are very comfy. I need to wear high top sneakers for the ankle support. These allow me to look a little dressier when going out and to work as opposed to a flast sneaker.
B009FN614C New favorite pair of shoes!!!! Look amazing, fit great!!! Go with every outfit, shorts, jeans, and sweats. I want a pair in every color! Love them!!!
B009FN614C Love this wedge Puma! Comfortable, cute, fashionable, and stylish! I've gotten several compliments on these shoes. First saw these shoes on someone in the airport and had to have them! Amazon had the best price and, of course, the fastest shipping!
B009FN614C Nice shoe...nice price! I am happy with my shoes.  They are super cute.  I receive tons of compliments...and the hubby loves them.  He says they make me look like a &#34;sporty shorty&#34;.  LOL!  I would definately purchase another pair in another color.
B009FN614C love, love, love These shoes are great I have had so many people stop and tell that they like them. I have the blue and black ones and I love them.  I think I'm going to purchase all of them because I like them so well.
B009FN614C I DID NOT KNOW THAT THESE WERE HIGH HEEL SHOES THE SIZE IS FINE, BUT THESE ARE HIGH HEEL SHOES AND I HAVE ARTHRITIS IN MY BACK, HIPS, AND KNEES AND THE HIGH HEEL HURTS.  I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW TO SEND THIS ITEM BACK AND BE REFUNDED.  ANY INFORMATION ON THAT IS APPRECIATED.THANK YOU,STEFANIE BINZ
B009FN614C Nice pair of sneakers I always wanted a brand name pair of wedge sneakers, but could not afford them. When I saw these for $ 46.00 I had to get them. When I received them and took them out of the box, I could not stop grinning. And when I tried them on, I got a little closer to heaven. They are very comfortable. I receive lots of compliments when I wear them. Nice, nice, nice.
B009FN6IEK Most comfortable show I've ever owned I bought the H street ballet sneaker for a quick comfy slip on sneaker to run out the door in.  But, it was so comfortable, I bought this one too.  No need to break them in and I can walk miles and miles in them.  Best shoes I've ever owned.  I've had them both a month now, worn them almost every day and am so completely happy with them.
B009FN6NRW Glad I bought second pair Again, lightweight, comfortable, feels like I'm not wearing anything on my feet. Colors are awesome and very stylish to boot
B009FN6NRW Comfy!!! :) Finally got my shoes today!!! They are comfy! Taking a bit of getting used to. But overall happy with them :)
B009FNNFC8 Love them, keep buying the same ones! Love these shoes. Originally purchased them when I was holidaying in Europe and loved them so much I bought another pair when I returned home to Oz. They are pretty snug initially but they do loosen and are now my fave pair of shoes....
B009G1T5YG Not worth it I run daily, and after reading all the good reviews I deiced  to branch out and give them a try. Big mistake. The back of the shoe is designed too high and basically takes a bite out of your ankle every time you take a step( I have never had this problem before!) Also the sole is far too hard it was making my feet ache and tingle from the pressure on the nerves.Seems like a quick fix right? Hardly, I put in new athletic inserts and gave that a try. The shoes are far too narrow and with a different insert it basically smooched my foot and made it even more numb. These were a waste of money and basically just sit in my closet.
B009G1T5YG The shoe wrecked my ankles I previously owned PUMA sneakers for running and loved them. I purchased these with the same expectations, but they wrecked my ankles. The first time I ran in them they tore up the back of my ankles. The second time I wore them days later with band aids, athletic tape, and higher socks, they ripped through all of the above and massacred my ankles. The back of my shoes were covered in blood.Thankfully these were directly by Amazon, and I was allowed to return them even after wearing. They are probably the worst sneaker I every purchased.
B009G1T5YG Love these shoes Love these shoes. Use then every day when working out
B009G1T5YG Love love love This is a great shoe ready for another pair soon I love running or walking in these shoes, this was my first pair of Puma's.  Will by again next time.
B009G1T5YG First time buying new brand/model without trying it on and I was a little worried when I first put them on.  Ran 2 miles, still not sure, waited a few days then ran 3 miles and I love them.  Light-weight but with enough support for me.  Great price! and my friends are all talking about the color!
B009G1T5YG Light and good cushion. Nice shoes at a nicer price. Love the bright color and how light they are. My feet don't sweat too much in them. I am a first time runner and bought these based on this. They slipped a little on my heels at first, but I found a different way to lace them on a social network site, and I haven't had trouble since. They have very good cushioning for footfalls, that was my biggest worry. I'm a recovering stomper. Look forward to using them in my first 5k.  Great value!
B009G1T5YG Puma Review They run big...not comfortable and quality of material poor..first pair I ever purchased. Gave them away to someone else to use.
B009G1T5YG Bought new but got USED! I bought this because it was on sale. When it arrived I tried on my size 9's and they were too small so I sent them back and got a 1/2 size bigger. When the &#34;new&#34; pair arrived it wasn't &#34;new.&#34; They were not in the original box, the bag my other shoes came with was not included and the worst part was that the one shoe had a big black scratch on the back of the heal. I am not happy about getting used when I paid for new but I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning another pair because the company no longer had the size shoe I needed to trade my return with.As for the design of the shoe. The colors are bright and the shoes look neat but they are not very comfortable. You feel like you are going to fall backwards plus there are no arch supports.
B009G1T5YG the left heel always gets scrunched down plus the heel cut is just a tad too high for my foot.  i wear them anyways since i like the styling.  That will teach me to buy athletic shoes without trying them on
B009G1T5YG My GF loved it! look nice, fit perfectly and so far holds up to any workout used with them. Would recommend them and got them at a great price!
B009G1TV1S ... was pleasantly surprised how well they fit and how comfortable they are I tried on these and did not know what to expect but was pleasantly surprised how well they fit and how comfortable they are. Wore Pumas years ago and am glad I got this pair.
B009G1U2XE It's an okay shoe I bought these to walk around Disneyworld for a week.  Comfort they fit okay but the tongue constantly rubs against my ankle as I walk.  I'm sure I would get used to it but it became too annoying to put up with on vacation.
B009G1U2XE what i wanted it came fast and it is just what I wanted, maybe I will pick up another pairprobably a black pair
B009G1U2XE Great product The colors are much better than in the pictures. My wife wants another pair for casual use. I definitely recommend
B009G1U2XE Love them Cannot imagine a better pair of shoes for running in. Great grip even with ice. Love that they came in half size. very rare, but perfect for me!
B009G1UD2E wow! I love these shoes. They are so soft and comfy. They are eye-catching and beautiful. All my friends want to know where I got them. I liked thems o much, I ordered another pair in blue.
B009G1UZMC pumas awesome shoes i love them all kinds of complements glad i bought them and atvsuch a great price too love them
B009G1VXJG puma very uncomfortable. unfortunately purchased 3 pairs of sneakers and 3rd pair of sneakers I have had to return to amazon
B009G1WZP2 PUMA GIRL These shoes are awesome they feel great on your fit. I'm so in love with these shoes I have four pair in different colors!!
B009HWGD08 Great support and confort Bought one pair to try it out then ordered couple more because I love them so much. Puma underwear are hard to find so I'm happy I got these!
B009K9OTJA Love them!! Bought these for my son and he loved them! I love puma sneakers for kids they are durable stylish and good price!!
B009KBNNVI Puma shoes My grandson loves them he picked them out and had to have a pair for his mom's house and one for his dad's
B009KCN4D4 Great Sneaker! My daughter loves them! They fit perfect and are very comfortable, would definitely buy another pair in the near future!
B009KHBY4U Wonderful race shoes for track! I bought these on behalf of an athlete, who requested this specific pair for indoor track.  He loves them and is very pleased.  The shipping on these shoes were exceptionally fast - arrived weeks before expected.Would purchase again from this seller.
B009KRMGFQ Love them When I ordered these shoes they looked black  but they are a dark charcoal grey. I still love them and my daughter does too.
B009KSDDUM Great shoes! Great and affordable shoes!  My daughter loves them, and so do we!  She can even put them on herself at 2 :)  Great product!
B009KSDTL0 LOVE THESE SHOES FOR MY DAUGHTER!!! My mom had night Cooper crocs for the summer and she would not leave the crocs on for anything. Plus she has  fairly thin feet and the crocs just seemed huge and loose on her. But these pumas are AWESOME! They fit her perfect AND stay on her feet without her slipping around. Easy to get on amd waterproof ao perfect for outdoors and water play. I get complements EVERYWHERE we go on her shoes! :) I'd love a pair in my size!  Haha
B009KUEOFS Very well made shoe that fits well, and should last forever. I ordered these for my daughter's third birthday. When I received them, I was worried, as they appeared to be too large. Once I matched them up with the soles of some of her other shoes, though, I saw that they were the right size, they are just manufactured a little differently, making them appear larger. They are very well padded from the sole to the top, and that makes them look a little large when they're just in your hand.My daughter loves them, and wears them most days. The white dirties quickly (as all white shoes will), but a hand wash/wipe gets them back to looking great in no time.I wouldn't hesitate to buy another Puma product, as this is her second pair, and both have been fantastic.I was tempted to knock a star off for the price, as I wish they could be a little cheaper, but you do get what you pay for, and these will still be great shoes when she grows out of them. They will definitely go to another child, and probably have them outgrow it before they give out, too.
B009KUFSIK Birthday Present I bought these shoes as a gift to my step-niece.  She plays volleyball and has been needing new shoes.  She absolutely loved them!  Great buy overall :)
B009KVVXP6 Absolutely the best shoes I bought a pair for my son; he loves them!!  He wears them almost every day, because they are so comfortable.
B009LBB02Q A nice pair of shorts for my morning workout A nice pair of shorts for my morning workout.  Fits as expected.  If you're taller, like me, you'll appreciate the extra length.  I only wish it had built-in liner, but paired with your favorite athletic supporter, you're good to go.
B009MNYG1U Perfect. Ive bought 2 pair of these so far and will probably buy another around next year. Just a great shoe.
B009MNYG1U Great! I had my doubts about the originality of the product because the price was very low, but when I found that the material was good with perfect cuts, no residual glue, et, my doubts disappeared. I am very happy with my shoes.
B009MNYG1U Very Happy Love the shoes, can't say much more. Recommend getting a water repellant or stain protector for them, I got a drop of some crud from outside on the toe and it stained it. Just the type of material, error is on my end. Still love the shoe though. I bought another pair in the gray and black color combo.
B009MNYG1U Inexpensive but nice! I like the fact that Puma gave me two sets of shoe laces; one pair black the other pair gray! When you change out the laces it gives an entire different look to the shoe!
B009MNYG1U Perfect Pair I bought these shoes for my husband as a surprise. He loves them! They fit perfectly and actually look better in person. The blue is a nice shade, it's not too bright or too dark. the best part is that he has the option to wear blue or white laces.
B009MNYG1U love my PUMA'S I just love my Puma's I have a bad knee and these shoes really help my knee, so when my knee starts to get painful again I know it is time for a new pair of Puma's.
B009MNYG1U yes! Fits just like all the other roma's. Lime color is a little lighter but they are very nice with a pair of black true religions. 1 day shipping had me excited and right when I put them on I got offered a job. My lucky shoes now
B009MNYG1U PUMA Men's Roma are SWEET Sent a pair as gift to a friend. Told me they they are old school and comfortable. I bought a pair and agree. Classic look and comfy. I like sneakers and PUMA delivers good wears.
B009MO0E2Y shoes too big!!!! The shoe is very comfy,but it runs a little big. I have 2 pair and both pair is too big. I have problems with my feet swelling,so it will give me plenty of room and still be comfy.
B009NGLKEM not made well The emblem on the front is defective and when its washed sticks together,  It also shrunk to half its size
B009R9D60G live it great shoes!
B009R9D60G Red, white, and blue. U-S-A! I couldn't be happier with these shoes. They shipped and arrived quickly. I also get compliments from random people every time I wear them. How many pairs or styles of shoes can you say that about? They also came with two different sets of shoelaces: one was a white base with a red line down the middle, the other was a flat blue. I would definitely buy these again, and may in fact do so in a few years when these have run their course.
B009SCY9AI Had a pair of puma speeds in college I had a pair of puma speeds in college and these drifts are comparable for the fraction of the cost.
B009SD2936 Super My son bought a pair in HK for over $120 some 20months back. Dad is a little behind the curve but picked up a pair for super price. And at Puma Factory Outlet in Williamsburg several weeks later, got another pair for $45.Great buy, very comfortable....
B009SD2936 Beautiful shoes! I always love Puma's shoes and this one is the same old good! The package of the shoes is great, it comes with a red so called &#34; Clever Little Bag&#34;, it's recyclable material I assume and this little bag can save 65% of the shoe box paper using. I love the way Puma cares about the environment and the bag looks fashion and cool. The shoes themselves are great and fit me well as always. It looks relax and chill. The color is really nice too. The only tiny issue I have is, one of the shoes(right) has a little dirt on the fiber part near the shoelace holes, it's not glue but oil like stuff, it doesn't bother me too much cos the color of the dirt is light and blend to the shoe itself. Overall, I'm super happy with this purchase and thanks Amazon for the amazing packaging.
B009SD2936 Poor build quality! I had a pair of these that I returned right away as they had a small stain that looked like it occurred during manufacturing.  The second pair had the same problem, but slightly less noticeable.It was tolerable for the price, but within a few wears the banding around the outsole stared to peel off.I wore them basically walking from my car to work, and around work, so they didn't see any excessively heavy sue.
B009STI9NO Cant go wrong with Puma Puma is just a great shoe,  I have 2 pair i bought 5 years ago, and they are still doing great, this is a reall comfortable fit , and at a great price.............
B009STI9NO Can't go wrong with Puma These sneakers look and feel great.  Light on the feet and very comfortable.  I use them for my workouts at the gym which include 25 minutes of a cardio run.  Have gotten good compliments on them as well when worn with jeans.  This is my third pair of Puma sneakers and so far all have been worth the purchase.
B009STI9NO Great Deal Bought these on cyber monday and got them for 50% off. These shoes are amazing, took me about 3 days to break them in where i got shin splints (get them every time i have new shoes) but they went away when the shoes were broken in. Amazing cushion for my feet. Highly recommend
B009STI9NO solicitud de informacion Good afternoon, first accept my best regards, I am writing in order to express that two (02) days bid this product: Puma Men's PUMA Runner Running Shoe, Black / Sulphur Spring, 8.5 D U.S., which had a price of $ 32.00, when boy to pay today with my credit card, I am informed that the item's price is $ 60.00, I would like you to please review the day I bid, to see what I can leave on the price to buy above to proceed.Without further reference to goodbye to you, waiting for a prompt and positive response.Sincerely.Login.Cyberpiter.com @ gmail.com
B009STNEF2 Comfortable I love these sneakers.  I am going to get another pair or two.  I just have a hard time trying to figure out which ones to get.
B009STNEF2 awesome Very comfortable. Airy....good support. Love the look of them. Would definitely buy another pair in mens, womens and kids if they are available.
B009STNEF2 Amazing shoe! I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend.. He needed new shoes badly. I love puma so I decided to get him some. He has a wide foot, at first he thought they were too small, but after wearing them for a few days they streched out & he loves them! He gets compliments on the bright colors all the time, says there very comfy & happy I purchased them. Hes pretty active & wears them often.
B009STNEF2 PUMA Men's Cell Gen Cross-Training Shoe,Fluorescent Green,10 D US My 4th pair of Pumas. I have not been disappointed yet. I used to run in Pumas in high school back in the late sixties, early seventies. You can wear these and re-capture the feeling !
B009STNEF2 Puma, a perfect fit! I chose this puma shoe because it's one of my favorite. Puma is my ultimate brand when it comes to sports apparels. I have been using puma brand shoes because of its quality and the fact that it's very comfortable on me so, choosing this model is a way of meeting one of my favorite sports needs. Also, it's good for the price with which it came. I like it so much and I would recommend it to the everybody.
B009STNEF2 Fantastic sneakers Super comfortable and extremely stylish. Love the grey black yellow combo. True to size fit. This is my second pair of pumas and love the quality put into their sneakers.
B009SU39K6 Very disappointed I bought these shoes at around $110 and it was because I wanted to lose and maintain my weight by walking with a FitBit one unit daily. The size is accurate at my US8 and the fit was pretty ok. If you have broader feet these might be a too narrow. I used them daily for a 2 hour and above walk and never for running. Within two months, I noticed this morning there was a side wear and tear at the inner left feet of the textile along the embossed Puma motif. The tear measures an inch and a separate of half and inch. As I do not  engage in any strenuous activated aside from walking in them for the past 2 months, these tears were a total disappointment.For comfort, they were alright. But I believe the materials used are not going to last you for long. At the price point, it is very disappointing.Update : a month later and the other shoe has apparently succumbed to the same fate; 2 side tears.
B009SVMOCO Squeaky sneakers OK, I love Puma. I own ten pairs of Pumas now and have owned a dozen more over the years. I thought these looked interesting. After all, I've never owned biodegradable shoes before.Unfortunately they fit snug at the toes, loose through the arch, and they squeak like a chew toy when I walk.This is my first disappointment with a pair of Pumas. But hey, they were only $25.
B009SWX7TW Love I absolutely love these shoes.  They're super light and they look great with everything I wear.  I'm probably going to buy another pair.
B009T3ADW4 Puma Women's 3 Pack Quarter One pair of sock, some of the PUMA print was found missing. Seems like this is a fast fabricated product.
B009WXD1K2 Sporty and Nice looking.. For those who enjoy outdoors and sports this is a winners,even with a pair of shorts still will look good.
B009XPROWU Stylish sneaker Purchased these for my girlfriend as a bday gift. The shoe came in an awesome bag and looked great! She said they are comfy.Was trying to purchase a second pair but they sold out of my size :-(
B009YTON24 SUPER Light, but You Need a Perfect Fit Pros:* By far, the LIGHTEST pair of shoes I've ever worn, and not just soccer cleats. 180g = 6.4 ounces = hot dang!* This new synthetic material is very thin, yet very sturdy...Cons:*...Because the material is so sturdy, it doesn't stretch. Unlike leather, there is no way to "grow into" these shoes. Either you fit them perfectly - if it is just a bit snug, you should think about getting the next size up.
B009YTPK8A Good outdoor soccer shoe I play outdoor soccer year-round in the Pacific Northwest, and this shoe has been comfortable for me in dry, rainy, and cold conditions thus far. Like most Pumas, I find they run small, so I usually order a half size up. The black/white/pink colors in the pair that I got are very cool-looking, and frankly my greatest joy with these is that THE LACES STAY TIED. I feel like every pair of cleats I've owned the past few years have had constantly-untied laces that I was forever tying and retying during games. These stay tied for the whole 90 minutes.
B009YTRWJK the best pumas ever? HOLY F*** these EVOSPEEDS  are BADASS. never before have i worn a shoe with such comfort and control. they are a massive step up from my G. Villas, GV SPECIALS and SL sizzle low's, and i liked all of those shoes.
B00A008HR8 WEDGE HEEL SNEAKERS These sneakers have alot of style and class. There very comfortable you can actually dress them up and down. I'm really looking forward to this summer in sporting them in all my adventures. The color is vibrant in making a statement of being bold and daring also confident. I'm already looking to purchase a second pair in seafoam green awesome!!!
B00A008HR8 Just perfect I've never been more happy to review an item.  Puma hit the nail on the head with these babies!  While they're not made for an aerobic workout of any kind (maybe yoga or Pilates) they are perfect for when I wear cute, comfy workout attire just to run some arrands, casually walk the Vegas strip, or walk around a mall, while still looking cute and feminine.  They're perfect for us shorter gals whose feet have become used to walking in high heels.  The lift is the ideal hight (drop) to walk around for hours without your heels pulling and aching.  I found these in Macy's athletic shoe section, so I got the size right, a 7 1/2, but of course they were sold out of the black and whites.  So was Amazon!  So one day I checked back, and sure enough, there was 1 pair of 7 1/2's.  A &#34;slightly worn&#34; return.  I scooped them up, of course.  They arrived perfectly brand new!  I'm in love and ordering more colors while I can.  For reference, I'm a true size 8 in most Nikes, a 7 1/2 in Asics, and a 6 - 6 1/2 in most open back, or sling back dress shoe heels.  A+ Puma!
B00A008HR8 Love my Pumas! This is my 2nd pair in this style and I am so happy with them. Puma tends to run a little small so in other shoes I wear 9-9.5 but wear a 10 in Puma shoes.
B00A0HDGAO puma i pay # 1, but arrived me # 12, for this reason the boy don't used this shoes,i need to know what i can to do, thanks.in this moment my boy used once but  don;t like more because cause injuries in his foots
B00AAZPJ4M My child loves these shorts. The shorts fit my child perfectly. He says they are the most comfortable shorts he owns. I bought another pair because he liked them so well.
B00AB2N1AS love them Coo, stylish and practical. They are very good and price excellent. The feature I love the most is the case I can fit my regular glasses in there as well so I don't have to worry about damaging either pair of eye ware.
B00AI1V2B2 Puma Golf Shoes fit great. I'm a new golfer and bought cheap golf shoes which started to hurt my feet.  I tried the Puma golf shoes and love them.  They are so comfortable, I bought a second pair so I can wear them all year round in Arizona and Vermont.  The mesh keeps your feet cool too.
B00AI1Z2G8 Good shoes for the price paid. Worn only once and is my first pair of this brand. Comfortable with looser fit in the toe than I'm used to. If this does not increase with wear, I'll be very happy with these low end model shoes.
B00AI1Z2G8 Lightweight, comfortable and all around good shoe. I recently received this shoe as a Christmas gift and I had the good fortune to try them out on a warmer day immediately afterwards. I walked nine holes and hear is my initial takeaway.Shoe was extremely light and comfortable as soon as I put it on, No breaking in required. It did make a squeak as one person has already commented, but its not annoying to me. Just a sound that type of material makes. The zero drop was good for ground feel, and it provided grip where I needed it. The treads are pretty deep, but you are not going to get the same grip as brand new soft spikes but I wasn't expecting them to. The best thing I can say is that I didn't notice them. That's a good thing. My feet didn't hurt, the  grip wasn't an issue and I was able to focus on the game.Pros:lightweightcomfortablewaterproofgood gripfelt like a tennis shoeCons:squeaks a littlenot the maximum amount of gripif you're not used to zero drop, you might get a little sore on the balls of your feet. This happened to me at the very end of 9 ( walking up 9 fairway) but lasted only a short time. Did not happen to my brother who has the same shoes and is a barefoot runner.My brother liked his so much he actually wore them out to the bars after our game. No one even noticed they were golf shoes!
B00AI1Z2G8 Puma does it again Christmas present for my son and I got the desired grin from ear to ear.  He is on summer vacation and plays everyday with no complaints about his feet.  Great product from puma and sorry I did not buy a second pair at the time for my son.
B00AI1Z2G8 You'll love them! These shoes are very stylish and very comfortable. They are a great value for the price. I now have three pair.
B00AI1Z2G8 Comfy Really light shoes ... I have worn them for 2 rounds ... Very comfortable golf shoes..I'm gonna buy a second pair
B00AI1Z2G8 Good concept, WORST quality!! These shoes are awful. I love how confortable they are but durability is a big issue. I am on my second pair and both lasted 3 rounds until the sole separates from the shoe on the left side of left foot (right handed golfer), exactly where they get most of the stress. My second pair lasted a week and is going back to the store tomorrow. Really bad quality!!!!! DONT buy them...
B00AI222Y2 Lighter than my slippers These are the most comfortable shoes (golf or otherwise) that I have ever worn. I have played 36 holes in them, and it is like playing in slippers. I had no problems with the grip, but this is Florida so I haven't been climbing hills in them. (Smiling). I doubt they will last as long as heavier shoes, but at the price I will just buy another pair when they wear out. I will post an update when that happens.If you're looking for the lightest pair of golf shoes you can find, I recommend these.
B00AI222Y2 Perfect for the function Light weight and airy, these are currently my favorite golf shoes.I go through at least 2 pair for year, constantly revolving through 2 full cover and 2 light wait versions at a time.  This particular pair of Pumas are so comfortable I want to wear them all the time, not just golfing.  The foot is remarkably flexible so if you are looking for a structured lock tight fit for ankle support, look elsewhere.  If you want a pair where you can still wiggle the toes and feel the air through the mesh, these will suit you well.  I have had them for 2 months and have played about 6 rounds in them without any signs of the durability concerns raised by others.
B00AI222Y2 Awesome shoes. Theses are by far the most comfortable ... Awesome shoes. Theses are by far the most comfortable golf shoes I have ever purchased. I will definitely be getting another pair when I wear out mine!!
B00AI222Y2 These shoes are excellent I found these shoes sold online for almost double what I paid here on Amazon.  These shoes are very comfortable.  I have worn them around the golf course and even when I am not on the golf course.  This is surely a summer golf shoe where you aren't worried about getting wet or muddy.  These shoes are very light, stylish, and again, comfy.  I am thinking of buying another pair just to have when I wear these out.  Or, I might buy another pair just so I have another color.
B00AI222Y2 Love these shoes! I was originally planning on purchasing golf "sandals", but the vast majority of them had so-so reviews. Decided on the Pumas because I have owned shoes with a similar design in the past and the breath-ability was fantastic. These have not disappointed at all in that respect.My feet stay dry in the heat and I can feel the air moving through my socks. Speaking of socks; make sure to wear at least mid-ankle high with these. You'll notice from the picture that the heel section goes high on the back. This ended up causing some issues with irritation and an eventual blister for me on my first time out, because I was wearing very low profile socks.The fist morning I used them the grass was full of dew and my feet were soaked quite quickly, so these aren't well suited for morning play if things are dewy at your local course.Overall I am super happy with the spikes on the bottom . They are embedded similar to cleats for baseball/football so you don't have to worry about them falling off on the course. They are low-profile, but provide plenty of grip to keep my feet planted in from address through contact.Highly recommended shoes!
B00AJFA2FE Favorite Second Pair in two plus years I bought these on sale appox. 2 + years ago.  I keep washing them in the washer just to make them last another 6 months.  They look brand new every time.  Fit great, look futuristic, and I do not believe I have run into another individual with the same shoe, so that makes them one of a kind.  I went with a darker color this time, certain I will keep a pair of these around for many years to come.
B00AKQHIFE Nice Shorts I would have given a 5 however I order two pairs,  One Black with White and One Black with Blue..The Black with Blue ones have somewhat of a very light fleece on the inside which is actually quite nice...The Black with White do not and is actually more of what I expected but since they are not like the comfier blue ones,  they wont get 5 stars.
B00AKQHJ5I Men's shorts These shorts are nice and fabric quality is nice. The fit is adequate and price seems a little high, but overall these are a good pair of hang out or workout shorts.
B00AKSPA0M Quality These shorts appear to be high quality.  The only quibble I have is that the size medium is just a little too large in the waist in my estimation, or at least compared with other shorts I have bought.  It's not so serious that I will send them back.  They are still very fine shorts.
B00AKSY3RS My son loved these. He was trying to replace an old pair of beloved Champions that were so comfortable and fit just right. These came pretty close. He is happy with them.
B00AO8DWC6 Best buy ever! I bought it on sale. I was lucky enough that for the best timing. Its kinda cheap but quality is far from beyond. I definitely love it.
B00AOAQAJG Love these shoes The shoes area tad bit shorter than most 9.5 shoes that I order, but it's still very comfortable and stylish. Love them. I just wear a thin pair of socks and I'm good.
B00AOAQAJG broken swade on gray puma, need to return. The gray pair is damaged. I wore it one time and the swade broke open on inner right foot. I need to have them replaced please help.
B00AOATXAO SOOOOO CUTE AND EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE!!!! Ordered the pink & black. I am high heel wearing girl 24/7 so have never be a tennis shoe wearer.  These are awesome, and probably the second most comfortable pair of shoes I own!  I love the height of the wedge and I can wear them the to work because they look similar to a wedge bootie. I wear an 81/2 and these look like a size 7 on lol, thats a plus! The box/bag that the shoes were in is also nice & reusable!  Shipping!!!!!  I bragged about the timeliness of shipping to all my Facebook friends, as I ordered them before I went to bed, and they were delivered before lunchtime! If you buy these you will not be disappointed!
B00AOBC4JA So many Compliments! I get told how cute these shoes are every time I wear them. I also love wearing them because they are so lightweight and flexible. I like the inside of the flats since they are cushiony and breathable. I usually wear 6 1/2 but went a half size up since I wear the footies a lot with flats. Great pair of shoes!
B00AOBC4JA Love Puma Flats These are my third pair. I wore out my white ones. They are comfortable for walking the dog and running errands. So much cuter that ordinary sneakers. Slip on easily. I wear them 24/7.
B00AOBC4JA Love these shoes I have 3 pair of the PUMA Zany, I love them all.  They are lightweight, flexible and very comfortable from the minute you put them on.I really like the variety of colors you can get - it puts some FUN in the shoe!
B00AOBFEC4 Sneakers The fit is perfect, like it molds my feet. They are nicely made and the colors are awesome.  I will think about buying another pair
B00AOBFEC4 I already have these-- they're just dirty so I bought new ones. Best sneaks ever. Timeless style and they fit very well. These go with all types of denim (the dark blue kind to the more yellow hued ones) and one can even pull it off with shorts or a skirt. They offer more support than vans and are less age specific in style. Plus I believe these last a little longer as well. They run true to size-- I am a size 7 in classic chuck taylor converse, and I am a size 7 with these as well.  As my title says, I already have these-- they're just dirty so I bought new ones.
B00AOBFEC4 Great Product !! These Pumas are beautiful , and my wife couldn't be any happier with them !! Also this is her first pair of Pumas ever , and with that being said , what a great way to make a first impression on my wife Amazon, & Puma !! Thank You for being so quick and thorough with this product !! Sincerely , Troy Velez !!
B00AOCAP9A Fit like a glove! This Puma pair fits live a glove with great support. Normally I have to try on shoes before purchasing.  So far all my Puma shoes purchased online have fitted very well.  I've used this pair for Zumba and body pump. They are light and provide excellent support in all areas. I have had several great comments on the style and color.
B00AOCAP9A LOVE I love these shoes!  The colors are bright and fun, but more importantly, the shoes fit well and are perfect for gym workouts.  I am not a runner, so I am not sure if these would be good for running, but they work well for cross-training.  So happy with them that I will probably order another pair in a different color.
B00AOCAP9A LOVE the Feel* They are light & airy These are the best runners I have ever owned. & I am not someone whobuys new shoes often. I wear mine until there's no rubber left! I wouldbuy these again. (if Puma keeps this design!
B00AOCAP9A Lightest sneaker EVER! This cross-trainer is AWESOME! It is SO light! It's almost like you're wearing a sock with a sneaker bottom! The attached tongue is taking some getting used to & the only thing I've considered negative, so far. Very comfortable & supportive. Never had a pair of Pumas & I have to say I'm impressed! The price & what you get is just fantastic! I would definitely recommend them to others!
B00AOCAP9A Love. LOVE. LOVE!!!!!! Oh gosh, I LOVE these shoes so much that I never let them touch a floor other than the one at the gym! Not only are they bright and comfortable, but when I run in them, I swear I feel like I'm flying, haha! I might just buy a second pair so I can actually wear them outside of the gym!
B00AOCCXJU Ok shoe. Overall, this is a very nice pair of sneakers. It would be an even better pair if they would provide a little bit more all-around support.
B00AOCDNJ4 pumas on my second pair of these and love them. obnoxious hot pink and i love it! and the soles glow in the dark...awesome!! fits true to size, slightly wider feet and still perfect size. firm yet nicely padded footbed. love them!!!
B00AOCDNJ4 LOVE THEM These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have had in a long time. The size fit's perfect..  I want to buy another pair for a spare.
B00AOCE7IA Comfort and style I picked this out of a lighting deal. I needed a new pair of white sneakers, my Skechers were needing duct tape and looked quite ratty. As I had never worn a pair of Puma's, I was unsure of how they'd fit and feel.Shipping; They arrived quickly, I also broke down and ordered the black as well, it was a killer lightning deal!! I'm also a Prime member, so, FREE SHIPPING ROCKS!!!Box; This is actually a big deal for me as I try to keep the boxes all my footwear comes in, it makes it easier when I am searching for a specific pair. I am not fond of the shoe racks. I love the red reusable bag with the bog white Puma print that the box and sneakers are in. I am also happy that the box was not crushed, as the last 2 pairs of shoes I ordered arrived in crippled boxes.Appearance; I was very happy with the appearance of the Pivot sneaker. I like the lines on the side and the Puma on the toe. My sister said the black ones were cute and she wanted my tiny feet so we could share. 7.5 is tiny to a 9.Fit; My concern as to the fit was quickly relieved because they fit perfectly! I am in and out of the hospital and my medications change often, this has caused my feet to swell and shrink and, thus, some of my shoes have been uncomfortable. When I am inpatient, I prefer slip on shoes, such as Skechers, but I can not always have my way. I despise slippers, they make me feel old. I have worn these the last 2 times and they are awesome, and a nurse loved the white ones. Compliments are awesome, even more so when you feel sluggish, crappy, dowdy and drugged, it does cheer you up. Maybe because these are new, is why I am not having issues yet. I just have a slight issue with the getting my feet in/out without untying, but just have to get the laces ties to that specific place.I also like that they, have yet, to squeak like my Skechers and others often do. I do not sleep well and will roam the halls of the hospital at all hours and having non squeaky shoes at 3 am is appreciated.I would definitely recommend the Takala Pivot Sneaker to anyone. I can not say how they would do for dancing or Zumba or any type of dance class, but I like the feel and the weight, and the non squeakiness. I know having squeaky sneakers at the gym is embarrassing and its not fun tip-toeing between machines.
B00AOCE7IA Birthday gift for my mother and she loves them Several years ago I bought my mother a pair of PUMA shoes she saw while out shopping, and she has sworn by them since for their sleek yet subdued styling and all-day comfort. She asked for the Takala for her birthday and is overjoyed with them.
B00AOCE7IA loved the style it fit as expected. its comfortable. need one with black and pink.searched so long for a pair so for my wife
B00AOCE7IA Comfortable Cushioning in a Low Profile These shoes are great, I was pleasantly surprise at how cushioned they are compared to the Soleil model and other Puma sneakers I have owned. I guess because they are designed for dancing?  Anyway, no orthotic insoles are needed with these and I wear them for 8+hours/day on my feet in a hospital lab Plenty of room in the toes, nothing on this shoe bothers my feet in any way and I can't say that about all of the Pumas I've owned. Despite the cushioning they are still low profile and go great with skinny jeans and skinny slacks. I also like that they have the puma cat logo on the instep side of the shoe for extra style. A great white summer sneaker, get them you won't be disappointed.  .
B00AOD2OQ6 Glue started to separate after about 2 months - worst shoes I've ever owned The glue holding the sole together starter to separate after about 2 months of light walking (I am recovering from a broken ankle, so don't walk around much, only wore these about 2-3 days a week).  This quality is abysmal, I have never had shoes last so little.  I actually have two pairs and the glue is starting to come undone on the other as well.They are also a bit narrow as far as shoes go.
B00AOD2OQ6 nice Pumas The shoes were perfect, everything I expected. Nothing more to make the experience better... I have ordered my last 4 pair of shoes through Amazon and won't stop.
B00AOD2OQ6 Puma Men's Sport Sneaker My husband purchased a similar  pair of these at a Puma Outlet Store a few years ago and was very happy to find them on Amazon, as it was time for a new pair. We ordered two pair and he is very happy with them. They arrived well packaged and on time.
B00AOD2OQ6 sneaker sole unstuck. 1.5 months sole sneakers come unstuck. Quality did not like. But buying other Puma sneakers, they were very strong and long time wore. Maybe I was not lucky?
B00AOD2OQ6 too expensive for no original product if you re looking for quality not this one. low quality, too expensive, I found the same ones for $ 15  in a swap meet store. too late.
B00AOD3AB4 Another great pair of Pumas Light, comfortable, fits true to size. Always happy to add another pair of Pumas to my collection! Looking forward to making them my daily walk/jog sneakers.
B00AOD3U8W Absolutely love ! Wanted to purchase another pair but amazon no longer sells this product.Great shoe and very comfortable! Hope more come in to stock soon!
B00AOD8YMO PUMA Men's BioWeb Elite Running Shoe Well made, comfortable, great quality and a better price.  This is money well spent, I might buy another pair.  Go shoppinjg.
B00AOD8YMO These are GREEN!!! But that's fine, since I bought them for my evening walks. Highly visible. My 10th or 12th pair of PUMA shoes - been wearing 'em since I saw Smith and Carlos wear them in the '68 Summer Olympics....
B00AOD8YMO Love these shoes I LOVE these shoes, and I get tons of compliments when I wear them. They're bright... But awesome. Just what I wanted
B00AOD8YMO Perfect shoes These were bought as a gift and the were a great surprise. My boyfriend loved them. Hes very particular about his shoes. They were just the right fit, right color the right choice. ! Love this product....
B00AODTEZA I'm happy with these. This is a good shoe and stylish in my opinion.  As every pair of Pumas I have owned; a bit narrow. I have had them for about a week; the only discomfort I have had is on the heels (I wear no show socks); but I fully expect them to break in.
B00AODTEZA had to send them back because of the padding being thicker than the other Very nice looking, look better than the picture! I bought these for my fiance, had to send them back because one of the paddings were not had firm as the other. I still have it done stars because dealing with the people about sending them back for a new pair was a piece of cake, and honestly the show looks so much better in person. He loved them!
B00AODTEZA I wear them everyday! Excellent pair of shoes.  I have never really purchased Puma before but now I am pretty sure that I will never buy anything but!  Wasn't too sure about buying a pair over Amazon but they fit really well and they look just as good (if not better) as they do in the picture.  Well bought!
B00AODTEZA Great pair of shoes Fitted nicely and as advertised. Use the shoes to run, workout, and for work. I do a lot of walking and they are really comfortable shoes. Good product, packaging, and arrived when promised. Thank you.
B00AODVKJI My son LOVES them My son, who is growing like a weed, loves running shoes. So much so that he won't wear anything else unless he absolutely has to, so I always want to get his very, very good ones. His favorite brand is Puma, and his favorite color is blue. Match made in heaven, and the price was exceptional. He says they fit perfectly, are very lightweight, very comfortable, and &#34;feel fast.&#34; I love the cool webbing design overlay. Given that he just finished an advertising unit in his English class, I am sure all his friends are feeling the &#34;bandwagon&#34; effect today because it's his first day wearing them to school. Great shoes. We even ordered a pair in the next size up so that when he outgrows these, he will have another pair ready to go.
B00AODVKJI Great shoes for the Price! They got here on time you will have to break them in for a week but other than that they are great!
B00AODW9HA Confortable, Good looking & Afforable I am loving these shoes. I already bought about 5 different pair and they last, they look good and do the job.They also fit perfectly.
B00AODW9HA best 1- i love the puma logo on the shoes , it's big logo , every one can see it2- comfortable3- nice mixed colors ( yellow green & black & orange )--i love it
B00AODW9HA Love these shoes! I bought these as a Christmas present for my boyfriend, as his old Pumas were pitiful and needed to be replaced. He complained of them being a bit tight at first, but after a couple days of breaking them in he loved them. Shipping was fast and I had no issues with payment/product/etc.
B00AOE059S Order shoes for my Husband but did not fix...try shoes on myself.....love them kept both pair...... If ordering for a man you might to go wider
B00AOE059S Great value for price I didn't pay alot for my pair since the color was on a good sale. I didn't really expect much for the price. But they are very comfortable for use on sidewalk. They do seem to fit tight the first couple minutes if you are not used to pumas. I have a size 13 foot and usually wear skate shoes since my feet are wide. But once you break them in a couple minutes they work good. They have not hurt my feet after use. Very happy for the price.
B00AOE059S Great workout shoes! Good shoes for exercising and also for working out! They are also great for going to the park and walking.
B00AOE059S Great shoes! Really comfortable and great look!. Third pair of Osu Puma shoes that I bought, this pair was actually a gift for my father, and he loves them!
B00AOE059S Very Nice! I was worried about ordering this shoes but when I got them and tried them on I was amazed. They fit snug, feel light and look great with just about anything. My only two problems are that I bought this for running but I like them so much I decided I will get another pair and their are many colors to choose from. I am a Nike fan but these are my third pair of pumas and frankly I don't I will be going back to them. I have gotten so many compliments on them. I would definitely recommend them to any one and I have to my friends and co-workers.
B00AOE059S Puma running shoe Love them, even went back and bought a second pair I liked them so much!  Make SURE to buy 1/2 size bigger!
B00AOE059S Just a Great Looking Pair of Shoes! I bought these for my son who is autistic and loves to mess with the strings on his shoes.  So, I had to look around for a pair of good looking shoes with no strings and the Puma Osu V3 met that criteria.  He loves them and they look great.  These are the second pair I've bought and I'm sure once he beats these up I will be looking to buy pair #3.  Thanks!
B00AOE059S puma Usually I like puma its looks stylish and and comfortable this is my 3rd pair in this year but different type
B00AOMUBGC stay away bought for track day. worn them for 1 weekend, fri - sun. and both toes of shoes are fading to grey. very interesting, poor quality.again, bought for track day which means driving in car, slow walking around, not hiking or mountain climbing.update:try to contact puma customer service, open a claim as defective product, and they are saying this is normal wear. ok, it i used them 3-day only, color fading into grey is consider to normal, please don't even think about buying this. so disappointed.
B00AOMYC2Q too expensive!/looked like it was used i bought this pair of shoes cuz i saw them in the store and i liked them , i forgot the price and i bought them here cuz i thought i would them in a better price , and when i got them i was really disapointed the ferrari shield was missing some colors and it looked like they were used , the only reason why i bought them was cuz i remembered the ones in the store the ferrari shield  was made of metal and it was very shining and for ny surprise the ones in the store were like $30 below the amazon's price, anyways this is the last time i buy shoes on amazon...
B00AOMYC2Q Looks are worth it. Get Yellow/Black. These shoes look sick. The Yellow and Black shoes are by far the best looking. They fit a little small and they're kind of uncomfortable, but it's still worth it.
B00AOMZH1Q Great Shoe! I'm surprised no one has mentioned how light these shoes r! :)  I love the way these shoes look/feel (while on ur foot).  The only negative I'd say about these that ppl should know about is that I don't think these would last very long if u wore these around on the street everyday; I'd recommend wearing these for special occasions or just once every 1-2 weeks @ a time if u want them to last (i.e. ~ few years).
B00AONURJ2 2nd Pair I was glad that I was able to find these at a great price on Amazon, I bought my 1st pair at about 100 Euros in Italy last year.
B00AONV17Y there is something wrong with the sizing of these shoes. I HIGHLY recommend DO NOT BUY this product. The quality is so subpar I cannot even rate it. Shame on you PUMA:(
B00AONV78W beautiful! I really like fashion sneakers, and the reason I chose Puma was that in my experience, they last longer than other brands.I bought a pair or Lacoste sneakers 18 months ago, and eventhough I didn't use it too often it aged too fast ( I know that white gets dirty really easily). That is why I went back to Puma.I love the look of these sneakers.
B00AONVA52 Like the Looks Bought these because of the low profile sole and comfort.  Tried on a pair in a shoe store before ordering from Amazon.
B00AONVA52 Nice shoes!!! This are good looking shoes.Had compliments the day I bought them.Fit well, seem very well built, high grade products. Very happy.
B00AONVA52 Sleek snug shoe They are a sleek snug pair of shoes that hug your feet, not too tight, but just like a good pair of gloves.
B00AONVA52 Five Stars Best pair of shoes I have bought in years
B00AONVA52 Excellent mat shoe that does what it says i recently purchased and returned a pair of adidas adi-lux because they were too &#34;sticky&#34; for my martial arts training.  I picked up the Black Puma Redons and the first thing i noticed is thawed they look really nice and appeared to be well constructed.  They also look small but fit very comfortably.  They best thing about these shoes is that they allow you to pivot on the ball of your foot while still maintaining good adhesion on the mat.  I will purchase another pair when i wear these out, although i don't know how well they are constructed the shoe seems to be in great condition after a few workouts.  I purchased my pair at Zappos because color at the time Amazon did not have my size.
B00AONVA52 Not for sports, but so comfy! Puma is one of the few brands which has a consistent line of flat-sole shoes. The only problem is that their staple lines (Future Cat, Drift Cat, etc.) are very narrow and do not cater to wider feet. These shoes are wider than the other series, which makes them perfect for people running into the same problem. They are relatively flimsy in construction, making them unsuited for athletic purposes. This is not a Puma thing - it's just this particular pair (which probably explains the cheap retail price compared to their other shoes). As daily fashion sneakers however they are extremely comfortable and look absolutely gorgeous.As many people have mentioned already, Puma shoes tend to fit smaller than other brands. Try going 1 full size up from your other shoes (I'm normally 10.5, but I wear 11.5 for Pumas). They are consistent across their own brand so if you were a fan of them already go ahead and get the size that your last pair was.
B00AONVF8Y happy with my purchase... Nice pair of sneakers, they fit me perfectly fine. I could not ask for more definitely... Thank you guys :)
B00AONVVMO Too Big Purchased a similar pair of shoes from PUMA in the past needed a size 12, but for some reason this pair was too big. Now it's too late to return them :(
B00AONVVMO Excellent Was exactly what I was looking for.  A half size too big but that is my fault, I ordered it based on other Puma shoes that I owned. I wanted a neutral colour that looks classy, was comfortable . Would definitely buy another pair.
B00AONW9JS Buyer Beware I got the shoes said to be new but the left school had black spots (missing the white part) from what looked to be like someone had put them on and used them!
B00AONW9JS Great What a difference in driving with them. I love them. When someone says they need driving shoes, they do. I will be buying another pair.
B00AONW9JS A little thin and ripped easily I'm torn.  I think the shoes look great, but they ripped after 2 days of wearing them, so I returned them.  Also they are thin shoes so keep that in mind if you have wide feet.  It wasn't an issue for me, but it could possibly be one for others;
B00AONW9JS Puma Drift Cat Excellent product, probably my fifth or sixth pair, consistent fit, light weight, slim and not bulky like other athletic shoes
B00AONW9JS i love these shoes Great comfortable shoes look semi dressy but still are durable great buy. Probably will be getting another pair when these ones do wear out eventually
B00AONW9JS Is this for butch girls? I bought these shoes about a month or two ago. I have been to about 2 drift events so far where I wore these shoes. They are excellent for driving in. When I go for a heel/toe the bottoms of the shoes never got caught on the pedals like other shoes would. They are also excellent for daily driving. The back of the shoes make for an excellent rocker for when you need to rest your foot JUST off the gas a little when you down shift before a turn. I bought these in an 8.5. I am a male in my early 20s and the one thing I noticed most about these shoes is that I get a lot of compliments from butchy looking chicks. Are these shoes meant for manly women or something? Long story short these are excellent for driving and I will be sure to buy another of the kind if I destroy these ones.
B00AONWIC6 Favorite shoes My son-in-law had a pair like this previously that he wore until there was nothing left to them. He was so happy to get a new pair for Christmas. They are great. Thank you
B00AONWP6U 2nd pair of Pumas and still happy... Great looking, very durable, super light shoes with soft support for my flat feet!  I use these for workouts in the gym, as well as to match my outfits.  I have used adidas and reebok for most years but these recent pumas look too damn good to pass up.  Very happy!Order at least one half size up, these run small as with my first pair.  The reviewers were right about this.
B00AONWP6U selecter's choice I collect footwear and i have bought so many of them i do not have a problem choosing which one will be good.This footwear is super light, airy because the material used is breathable. I got it because i had a full grain leather footwear from Puma that lasted for 4 years. Now i wanna get a different colour. Great footwear, i recommend you buy at least two. you might not have the chance again. And the price is just right.
B00AONWP6U Love PUMA I'm a huge fan of PUMA and have used their products for well over a decade, never disappointed in the quality! Bought this one along with another pair to replace my 7+ year old PUMA's that are still in great shape!
B00AOOH730 PUMA Men's Sneaker are very classy, comfortable and stylish PUMA Men's Sneaker are very classy, comfortable and stylish. Get a pair NOW! Okay Get two pair..... I did, for real.
B00AOOH730 Don't you step on my blue suede shoes. I was expecting a black pair of shoes, but I like these shoes just fine thank at you very much
B00AOOH730 Nice shoe, but black rubber part at the bottom and side had white marks all over it. I really liked the look of this shoe when I saw it online. I love Puma sneakers and have about 6 pairs in different colors already. I was kind of disappointed when I received these shoes. The rubber part at the bottom and side was not completely black. It had white marks all over it (almost as if it were worn out or dirty). I went back to the image link from my order to check if maybe it was something I missed seeing when I looked at the product, however, the images on Amazon did not have those white marks. I do love Puma sneakers and really wanted an all black pair. These shoes are okay, though I wish they didn't have that worn out look.
B00AOOH730 Perfect. I bought these for my boyfriend's birthday to replace an OLD pair he had. He was over the moon and could not be happier. They fit true to size and were delivered as promised.
B00AOOH730 Well designed shoes! That doesn't suck I've been wanting to buy an all black suede sneakers for a while.Something that would work well for casual and even semi formal use,because it has black soles, it doesn't stand out like most other sneakers.Vans Sk8-Hi, Adidas Gazelle 2 all black used to be my go to shoes,Unfortunately neither of them make them anymore,Then I found these Puma, all black including the label.I couldn't be happier.The only criticism is that their soles doesn't cushion or insulate from the cold as well as gazelles, but they are durable.I ended up buying 3 in case it goes out of production.
B00AOOHURI and at a great price. What can I say? Puma, classic, suede, all black, and at a great price.....definitely recommend!
B00AOOK2OG They were a great price & great quaility too They were a great price & great quaility too. Just make sure you get at least one half size bigger than normal.
B00AOOL1SC Great I bought these pair of sneaker for my son and he loves them i do to very nice looking sneakers.
B00AOOYHMY Great shoes that made me order another pair I always wanted this style shoe and it's everything that I wanted. Great shoes that made me order another pair
B00AOOZ1OC New shoes and there orange.... Love my game day shoes. Go Vols...... I am already getting the comments how loud these girls are, as I pounce around the town.
B00AOOZP3Y awesome got these on sale for  $20. i jumped all over that as i've wanted a pair of these for what seems like forever but their usually just too steep for what i feel they are worth. these are every day shoes and i'm loving every day of it. fit like a glove and are way more comfortable than the chuck taylor all stars and vans slip-ons i'm used to. 5 stars
B00AORB3DW great for the price for their price when i bought them ($30) they are great deal. I have used them in quite a few matches now and they get the job done. But they are really thin so expect few blisters at first and your toes to hurt ..if you kick with front of the shoe a lot your going to have problem, cause your going to be practically kicking with your toes.
B00AORB3DW Great soccer cleat I've used Pumas for a few years now and I love these. I bought the indoor version and loved them so I purchased these for outdoor. They fit great and I couldn't ask for more.
B00AORB3DW PUMA Men's Evospeed 4.2 FG Soccer Cleat,Black/Fluorescent Yellow,11 D US This is a great looking shoes !! It's runs 0.5 smaller then Nike. Don't buy smaller size and write a bad comment about it. It fits really great and very comfortable. It's also fair for the price.
B00AORGLAC Wow. What a shoe. These shoes break in quick, and I use them for everything. Nice thin soles. I walk everywhere in them. I wear them everyday. The last pair I had I logged 150 miles running in them in addition to daily use. When The heel started to wear through I did them in wearing them to my job, digging holes. I just bought two more pairs.
B00AQODE9E Not quite the right fit I wear an 8.5 slip on and a 9 lace up shoes. I ended up buying 3 versions of these: This pair, a black and dark gray pair, and a black and light gray pair. All have the same design, just vary in color. This pair here is too big for me! These ones AND the dark gray ones are too big, and that's after several washings in hot water and high heat drying. If you're on the bigger end of the fit range, these will fit you perfectly. Otherwise, I highly recommend looking up and going with the black and light gray version, those ones fit me perfectly. These socks are still really comfortable, AND wearable for me, they're just SLIGHTLY too big.
B00AWY5TQ4 My boyfriend loves these so I bought him two pair ... My boyfriend loves these so I bought him two pair. He is very tall and these are still long enough for him.
B00AWY5TQ4 Puma Sweat Pants I purchased these Puma sweatpants for my son for Christmas.  He actually had a pair of these that he wore for years and only wanted a new pair because he got paint on his old ones.  Quality was nice however they did appear to run a little big.  I returned them only because he needed a smaller size.  Fine quality sweatpants!
B00AWZLPKM Very nice I got it for very cheap price, and since I love Puma brand , when I saw it i decide i will buy it right a way. Very nice, fit perfect.
B00AY6107M Rather than that I love the it was confusing because it gave two different sizes. So I didn't know which one to pick from. Rather than that I love the shoes
B00AY65V1I I had ordered for an yellow one and i got an florescent colored one , which is a bad experience. I had ordered for an yellow one and i got an florescent colored one , which is a bad experience.
B00AY65V1I beautiful shoes The shoes are perfect. I got these as a Christmas gift for my son. I  was pleased when I received them. He loves the puma brand of shoes. The price was great too.
B00AY65V1I Exactly what I wanted Great shoe! Great traction! The one thing is if you have bought a pair of Puma's&#8230;.. they might night fit the same as your last.
B00AY6NZDE Loved my order.. Loved the shoes and they fit perfect, I cant wait til we have better weather so I can wear the other pair
B00AY6NZDE Puma sneakers I buy Puma sneakers because I'm an old guy and they fit my feet. These are no different. I have worn then to work(in a warehouse) the last 3 days and am happy to have purchased them. The 3 days of rough wear have not affected the looks of the shoes either. My daily shoe care consists of putting them on and taking them off. I bought these at a lower price(discontinued or whatever) but will happily pick up another pair as needed.
B00AY6NZDE Awesome pair of kicks These shoes fit great, just as have all the rest of the half dozen or so pairs of Pumas I've owned. The grey color pops a bit and they've been very comfortable so far including a three plus mile walk.
B00AY6NZDE Awesome pair of shoes! I have already started wearing them and laced them up just the way i like. Puma always has an awesome design with their sneakers and these are no exception.
B00AY6NZDE What a bargain! Just what I was looking for. Nice, roomy toe box. They came with two pairs of laces; one grey and one black. Great price!
B00B1E4QSQ My new Pumas I absolutly love, love, love my new shoes. I have a wide foot so i got a size bigger, just to give me more room in the width. They fit perfect, as a matter of fact im going to order another pair while there on sale.
B00B1E4QSQ Might buy a second pair I usually wear a 10, even 10 1/2 didn't fit well. Love the shoes though. Have yet to run in them, which is why I bought them.
B00B1E4QSQ LOVE I love these shoes!!! They are so comfortable!!! Shoulda bought more than one pair!! I'm a Puma shoe wearer for life!!!
B00B1E5NU6 great shoes i ordered an 11, fit great! I liked them so  much (black) I just bought the grey, red and black!
B00B1E5NU6 Kind of loose I would highly suggest getting a pair of shoelaces to secure the top ringlets, or you'll be falling out of these every time you walk. It fits fine length-wise, it just needs to be more secured around your ankle.
B00B500BLW Love it! I just loved them they fit perfect and she loved them too:) they are conforable too she wants one more pair!
B00B5013PK She loved them They where very stylest and she wears them had. She loves soccer and the will help her play well with a good pair of she
B00B502N5Y Good shoes, except... I like the shoes, the only thing is that the tongue comes up pretty high and it kinda hurts against my skin in the front of my ankle. I've only worn it once so far (for a short indoor game), so maybe it will loosen up and that won't happen anymore.
B00B503HRW Great quality! Great looking and we'll made! I shopped all across the internet & this was the best price available. I would recommend these.
B00B504NFC loved them My daughter loves them. ....I didnt know that they would be different colors. ..a black one and a white one. ... That made her enjoy them even more
B00B504NFC Perfect Our little soccer girl was dancing around the house as if she had on a pair of ballerina shoes. We were a little surprised to find out one shoe was decorated differently then the other, however, that just made it more appealing! Thank you for an awesome day for a little girl!
B00B5EDEZI first pumas I have been looking for a pair of sneakers and have usually bought new balance.  I really like the fit, color and wear of the pumasand I am glad I gave them a try and would purchase them again in the future.
B00B5EDEZI Great little shoes These shoes are comfortable and adorable. My first pair of Puma's and I'm excited to have them. Fast shipping and product as described.
B00B5GEZG8 Awesome Pair The shoes are true to size and my son loves them. I bought him these for his birthday and he adores them
B00B5HUIO0 Great They are super cute shoes. Very easy to get on and off. Great shoes at a great price! Very happy with this purchase.
B00B5HUIO0 Fun Stylish Shoe My 8 year old loves these shoes.  He had a previous pair from Nike in a similar style that were no longer in production.  I searched high and low for a shoe in this design with the colors he preferred.  The Puma has not disappointed.  He's been wearing them heavily for a couple months and we've had no issues.  He wears them to school or even indoor soccer and tennis.  The price was great and what prompted me to purchase initially.  Happy mom here!
B00B5HUIO0 Great for a wider foot One of my twins has a wider foot and I feel like this accommodates her well. She's going to be 2 soon and is on her second pair - and we'll probably keep getting her more as she grows. The velcro is strong and on/off is easy.
B00B5HUIO0 The best sneakers I bought my son the red ones for Christmas because his favorite color is red, and we love them. He wears them everyday, and puts them with no problem. I just purchased the black ones and the same.
B00B5HUIO0 Wonderful My daughter and I love this pair of sneakers. They are easy to get on and off but stay on her feet. They fit great!!
B00B5HUIO0 Second Pair I can't get enough of these. My son had a previous pair that he lost, so I replaced them with the same pair.Highly recommended.
B00B5HUIO0 Happy My son loves his new shoes! His father has a matching pair so he is excited about matching with daddy :)
B00B5KO6EU these are the cutest!! Now i'm gonna have to buy a puma warmup suit to match so he can look totally pimp!! Such adorable shoes;) made me want a pair;)
B00B5L0ANK Very good product but the sole did not hold up as well as other PUMAS. Very good product but the sole did not hold up as well as other PUMAS.  The sole seperated after 3 months of heavy wear which is unexpected because the other PUMAS I bought for my son held up great until he grew out of them. The little black part on the bottom by the toe separated from the white part. Also I would recommend spraying with a water repellent initially as it is very difficult to clean the sude.
B00B5L0ANK Durable shoes, I just ordered a second pair of these for my daughter, her original pair was purchased over 2 years ago, and since I bought them slightly larger they actually fit the whole time (she claims she has had them over 3 years). Her shoes are looking pretty bad because she had a lighter color, and these quickly became her &#34;play outside shoes&#34; but despite looking terribly dirty they have held up extremely well. I had to order her another pair, because on several occasions we have left the house before I realize she was wearing her worn out shoes, her excuse is they are so comfortable. It was driving me crazy having her out in public looking like we neglect her with those shoes on, while her brothers sport new clean shoes. I had threatened to throw out her shoes, but felt bad doing so, when she expressed her love for them, despite having a multitude of shoes to choose from, so she agreed to put them to rest if I ordered another pair. Basically these shoes have held up so well, I would recommend them for children, since in my opinion they are durable.PS my toddler had  the whirlwinds in his favorite color (green), he wore them everyday for almost 2 years, and they still look good enough to hand down. I don't know why I bother buying other shoes for my children, when they get tossed aside, never worn and end up in the donation pile. Going to save my money from now on, since both my children got a new pair of the cabanas, so they should be good for the next 2 years.
B00B5W0FHK Comfortable shoes Daughter loves them.Good materials. Comfortable. Will definitely buy another pair of these puma shoes. Maybe some that have more details.
B00B5W0FHK Good I like the shoe but I wished that the bottom would have been in white instead of black. I also would have liked it all white.
B00B5W0FHK PUMA Drift Cat 5 V Leather Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid),White/Beetroot... Bought for my granddaughter and she loves them.  Worn so much, it's probably time to buy another pair.Quick shipping
B00B5W0FHK Just as expected! I have been buying Puma sneakers for my 8yr old son for a couple of years thru Amazon. My son had a size 1 that had grown too snug. I wanted to go a little bit bigger so he would have room. They arrived and the size 2 fits well with some room but not too bulky. My son requires a lightweight shoe which these Puma's are. Easy to clean with damp cloth and all previous Puma sneakers held well, including the Velcro which was an issue with other name brands. Ordering another pair in different coloring.
B00B5W0FHK Love Love them! They are perfect, super cute and easy to get on and off. Highly recommend these for anyone with a lite girl looking for a good pair of tennis shoes.
B00B5W0UUW Puma Lover Bought these shoes for my preschooler.  She loves them although they are a bit large.  Wish they had half sizes since she is actually a 9.5.  The price was better than any store or outlet, so I took a chance and bought them.  If anything, she'll grow into them.  They aren't leather so I'm not sure about durability on the playground and at the park.  So far she's worn them to school several times and they have come back in good condition.  Will buy again for the right price.  Perfect sparkly shoe for girls.
B00B5W0UUW Great Shoes These Puma's have been our go to shoes. They are the easiest & fastest shoes I have owned to get on a toddler in a hurry. They fit great and have been holding up very well. If you're looking for a pair of play shoes you can't go wrong with these Puma's.
B00B5W0UUW Look great Great sneakers.  Love the silver & pink combo.  Bought a larger pair too for when she grows out of the others.
B00B5W0UUW toddler loves them My daughters first choice when asked to get a pair of shoes. She thinks of them as princess shoes. They fit about half a size big but it is okay. leaves room to grow
B00B7LUG00 My husband loved his first pair so much he had me look ... My husband loved his first pair so much he had me look on line for another pair.  First pair bought in retail store.
B00B7LUG00 Puma These sneakers are light and comfratable.  The price was cheap compared to most sneakers in the same performance catorgory.  They are very durable and has held up for a entire deployment running on rocks and on the treadmil.
B00B7LUG00 mell es suga running=comfortable Awesome shoes. Pumas are so comfy. I love the yellow. Puma is my favorite. The tread desine on these has serious grip. My favorite pair of shoes for sure. The bottom is such a cool original design making them stand out.
B00B7LUG00 Great Shoe, nice surprise! This is my first pair of Puma's in a few decades.  Great fit and feel.  Very soft to walk in.  If you are looking for a change, I would give these a try.
B00B7LUG00 cool new puma's:) i love the fit, the comforti love my new pair of bisquits!there like jazzing jeff on steriod..happy buy.
B00B7LUG00 Feel good and CUSHY Rated highest on the Amazon site for cross trainers.  Rated to be cushy and comfortable.  I agree.  After 2 weeks of wearing them on a concrete floor, I am quite happy.  I have ordered a 2nd pair in black.  The need a loop at the heel to make them easier to get on , but other than that, I have no complaints.
B00B7LUG00 First pair of Puma's in over 20 years As you can ascertain by the title it has been some time since I've worn any Puma shoe. The comfort level of these are the best I've felt in far too long. These ultra light weight shoes are well padded and have a soft sole that limits fatigue. I live in south Texas and look forward to summer months in these as they breath and keep my feet feeling cool. I have a narrower foot and wear a size 13 that was spot on in regards to overall fit. I have only worn these a few weeks now, but I truly hope these last for at least a year, if so this will be the shoe I buy from now on. Puma you just made a new customer from a very old one.
B00B7LUG00 Best Cross Training/Running Shoes under $100 Dear Amazon.com&#65279; and PUMA&#65279; IDK which one of you pre-laced my brand new shoes and gave me the sweetest packaging ever but thank you!!! p.s. Puma, you have made the comfiest brand new cross training shoes I have ever worn! Normally it takes a week or two to break in, these are comfy out of the box, thank you!
B00B7LUG00 Styling This shoe is great looking and fits perfect.  Very well built and has excellent traction due to its uniquely designed sole.  My one and only concern would be the lack of cushioning.... The reason I'm not deducting any stars is that I always replace the insoles with some $10 ones.  Any shoe I've ever bought from $50 to $150 needs new insoles; on the cost note you can't beat the price on these shoes, especially for the quality.  Oddly though, the insoles are permanent and cannot be removed, well, without a good amount force(anyway, I just placed the insoles on top of the permanent ones without issue). Going back to the fit, these shoes cater to a narrower sized foot, but fit me just fine(albeit a tad snug) with my wider sized feet.
B00B7LUG00 Three Stars The cloth fabric sides ripped the first time I used them playing street hockey.
B00B7LUG00 Great all-purpose work out shoe. I purchased these Puma's to replace a pair of running shoes, except that I wanted something that I could also cross-train with and do any other athletic activities as well. I'd say these are right on the money for all of that. I've even played basketball in them and they have held up very well. Very breathable and just the right amount of cushion. Also, I'll add that on top of the fact that they look awesome (i have the black), I think these will hold up well over time as they look to be designed for the long haul. I've had them for about two months and they still look and feel great.
B00B7LUG00 Best Pair of shoes in a long time! This is the first pair of shoes I have ever bought online.  I read a lot of reviews to help make my decision.  The shoes are very light.  I mostly use them when working out in the gym (free weights, aerobics).  The shoes are the most comfortable I have worn in a very long time.  They arrived on time and as described.  I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good athletic shoe.
B00B7LUG00 i love the price and the quality its just a little big big so i'll probably just get some foot inserts :-)
B00B7LUG00 Puma has exceeded my expectations by leaps and bounds! I am fairly new to Puma, seeing that this is my second pair purchased.  I can say that I am officially sold to Puma from now on! They fit like a glove, and the shock absorption these shoes have is unreal!  I can go all day talking about how awesome these shoes are but I will rest my case by saying that Puma is some of the best quality made shoes on the market!
B00B7LUYFC Darn good pair of shoes I had my reservations about buying a pair of Puma's to work out nearly everyday in. However, these are very comfortable shoes w/ good support and cushioning. For the price, this is a great buy.
B00B7LV8V6 very comfy puma slip on These shoes fit well. Very comfortable. Only bad thing is that these shoes don't last long. The bottom rubber part is very thin and doesnt last long. the bluegrass color is so pretty, matches with a lot of clothes. These shoes looks great in skirts and pants. I love wearing them with my skinny beige pants and a shirt. Will love to purchase more in the future and the price of $20 is excellent.
B00B7LV8V6 ahhh !! must order ! I ordered these along with 3 other pairs of Pumas, I received them less then a week after I ordered. They fit perfect, I recommend getting a half size bigger if you're not sure. SO comfortable, I would definitely buy again, they are so light weight, it feels like your wearing sock, yet they are well cushioned. when i first got them, i right away put them on and went to disneyland, being on your feet all day, they did well! no complaints, i love love love them !
B00B7LV8V6 I LOVE THEM BUT... I WILL ORDER ANOTHER PAIR IN A LARGER SIZE. I LOVE THIS SHOE, BUT IT DOES NOT LOVE ME BACK. OUCH!
B00B7LY4HQ Great Workout shoe! I'm not a big fan of sneakers...I love high heels.  But I needed a pair for the Gym.  These are so comfortable, soft, and flexible!  I love!
B00B9ZDQA6 Amazing sneaker A shame that Puma is not making them anymore. Hard to find a pair. Using the same model for the last 3 years.
B00B9ZDQA6 The most comfortable shoes I've ever owned I've been wearing these in brown for the past three years. The nubs on the soles wore off relatively quickly, but otherwise they have held up incredibly well. They are so comfortable, I've refused to buy any other shoe for daily wear! While I'd prefer another pair in brown, I do also like these color options, so they're as good as sold. Classic Puma styling and incredible fit and comfort... just my favorite shoes ever.
B00B9ZE9KW Best shoes ever!! i absoultly love them!!!!!!  They are the best shoes i have ever bought! ive recived lots of positive feedback on them.
B00BAXWTT6 Great price, great shoes, thanks Amazon.com! Exactly what I was expecting. Easy for my kids to put them on. And with FREE RETURNS from Amazon. I will continue to buy shoes online, knowing that I can return them if they don't' meet my expectations.
B00BEDMKV4 Very Comfortable I love these pants, not just for when I am training, but also just to wear around the house. Definitely one of my favorite pair.
B00BEEONVS Awesome, we love it! Great set and great price.  Highly recommend.  It has become one of our son's favorite outfits and his parents like it too!
B00BEIOZAI cop a pair These shoes are awesome my father really liked them. He received a lot of compliments when he wore these to work. Most definitely recommend these shoes.
B00BYDZR7I puma ferrary This item is great, and its worth is price, its really cheap. I would recommended without dout. I love it. Just what i was looking for.
B00C5TN7G8 Fit smaller feet fine I wear an 8.5 slip on and a 9 lace up shoes. I MUCH prefer the &#34;no show&#34; socks over these &#34;low cut&#34; socks (they are above the ankle), but I really like these. I ended up buying 3 versions of these: This pair, a white pair, and a black and dark gray. All have the same design, just vary in color. This pair here fits me perfectly! The black/dark gray ones AND the white ones are too big, and that's after several washings in hot water and high heat drying. If you're on the bigger end of the fit range, you might want to go with white or dark gray ones. Otherwise, these socks are amazingly comfortable. I've replaced all my socks with various Puma ones.
B00C5UN1C2 PUMA Suede Sneakers+Classic Shoes Men's -- Is True to Size As Advertised! Before I ordered these Suede Classic Sneakers, I read numerous reviews.  Based on reviews and mention that these sneakers ran small, I ordered a larger size which was too large.  I then ordered the correct size; the Seller and Amazon were extremely helpful in assisting me with the return process.  These are classy, well-fitted, reasonably priced, quality, and a choice of various colors offered GREAT Sneakers.These sneakers are true to size, as advertised by the Seller, and look better in person than in the picture. I purchased them for my son, who receives numerous compliments at work and when socializing regarding his PUMA Suede Sneakers.  The delivery was prompt, and packaging was excellent.  I was impressed with the company's speed of service, and customer service assistance for customers.  The sneakers also come in a variety of various colors, and two shoe-laces are included in the package to inter-change daily/weekly if customer desires for a change of style.I would definitely purchase from this Seller Company again and in the future. I would recommend this company to anyone who would love a comfortable, classy, well-fitted, and reasonable priced, as well as choices of various colors offered in the PUMA Suede Sneakers Classic Shoes.
B00C5UOFS6 Great run in thes Puma's Ready to run out of the box. Great Comfort in these shoes. I ordered another pair. Go all the way with Puma's!!!
B00C5UOVBC Great shoes This is the first pair of Puma shoes I've ever owned. I can't believe how well they fit my feet and they are very comfortable. I've been out walking in them several times since receiving them and can't believe how many nice compliments I've gotten about how nice they look. I will buy Puma products again.
B00C5UPRQK Great look, great feel My first Puma purchase was a complete dice-roll but I'm glad I did it. These are my second pair of Pumas since and my favorite. Great shoe.
B00C5UPSS2 Awesome shoes. I have two pair now Awesome shoes.  I have two pair now.
B00C699NTC Nice shoe but they seem to run a half size too small I really love the look of these shoes so much that I bought two pairs (a white pair and a black pair) however, the 11.5's I bought ran really small and were too uncomfortable to bare hence, I had to return them but I plan to try a replacement pair a size up soon. Also Amazon handled the return of both pairs of shoes flawlessly.
B00C699NTC cheap cheap cheap not the same puma,s I used to know ,,ill stick with my sketchers,,when I took them out of the box that was my first impression,,sendng them back
B00C699NTC Recommended I've probably purchased 10 pairs of different style Puma shoes over the last 5 years and this is the first pair where I feel like my 10.5 runs small.  Otherwise it's a solid shoe & like most Puma shoes they seem to hold up well.
B00C699NTC Epic fail on the part of SHOEBACCA for my first order ever from Amazon.com I was psyched to try Amazon.com, I mean who hasn't heard of it? I'm a quadriplegic, and this Saturday, 22 March 2014 marks the anniversary of my injury. I figured I would buy some nice shoes that I could wear while in my wheelchair. The order was packaged shipped and delivered as expected on Amazon's part. But when my mom opened up the shoebox, we noticed a smudge on the back of one of the shoes. I was just expecting a perfect pair of new shoes that I paid $50 for. Instead I got one awesome shoe, and one shoe that had a not so awesome smudge on the back of it. I'm new to Amazon and buying online, and I didn't want to have to go through the hassle of returning the shoes after they were out of the box. So I'm not so happy with the company that I bought the shoes from that's in the title of this message. I'm using Dragon dictation to write this review. Everything else I ordered came as described and in perfect condition, but the most expensive thing I bought arrived looking used. Anyways, I won't be ordering from that company. Again, ever.
B00C6BOILS Good looking and sturdy Got this from Puma online store since around one year and I am still using them today pretty frequently. Got the white version and love them.
B00C6BOILS I love the look of it I had to get used to the back of my heel, it rubbed it raw a few times, after those healed it does not bother me anymore, just a matter of getting them broken in. I love the look of it. It fits decently, my fault for not getting a little smaller. I overall am satisfied with this purchase.
B00C6BPP10 Bought as a gift I bought them as a gift for my manager and he was so happy to get them and he LOVES them I haven't seen him wearing any other shoe lol and they fit him perfect and they look pretty good on him. and go by the first size not the second one. I was thrown off by the review about the sizes its the first one!! Great buy!!
B00C6BTJUS Great fit Excellent service,fast and comfortable shoes. Great price and quality for puma new style. I will definitely purchase another pair anytime .
B00C6BUJDY My favorite pair of wedge sneakers!! I got these after purchasing 3 other pair of wedge sneakers and now I wish they were all Puma's. These are my favorite by far! Super cute, super comfortable and I can dance all night in these. As with all Puma's I think they do run a touch small. I usually wear a 10 but I got these in an 11, I'd probably be better off with a 10.5 which is what I'll buy for pair #2.
B00C6BUJDY nice & comfortable Seller is helpful when I asked to ship me a smaller size.  I wore this pair of shoes for a whole day, it is very comfy & look nice with my black leggings.
B00C6BUJDY Love my shoes Found these, loved the price and I was afraid with size; but it fits perfect and they're gorgeous, love my new shoes and got them faster than I expected, thank you!
B00C6BUJDY Love these! These have become my favorite sneakers. I'm short and hate wearing any time of flat shoe, so I love the fact that these have a wedge. I think that these are the best wedge sneakers (made by a sneaker company) out right now. They are well made. And the wedge is not obvious. They are so comfortable and stylish. I get compliments on them every time I wear them. They fit true to size. Don't think twice about getting them - buy them and you won't be disappointed.
B00C6BUJDY Exactly what I hoped for Fast shipping, shoe fits great and they are very comfortable and they make me feet look small lol (I wear a size 10) and you also get a second set of laces, I ordered the black pair and got a pair of pink laces as well.
B00C6BUJDY Cute and comfy I am in my mid 30s and thought these would be to &#34;kiddy&#34; but they are very mature and sexy. I also have the white pair which I love alot!
B00C6BUJDY Awesome This shoes are awesome. My face lit up when I opened the box. They are true to size and come two pairs of laces so that you can change out the colors if you like. I will definitely purchase another pair.
B00C6BUJDY Very Nice!!! These are one of my favorite pair of sneakers. I get so many compliments when I wear these. I have flat feet so it is a must for a comfortable shoe. I work standing on my feet for at least 8-15 hours a day!
B00C6BUJDY Superb Wedges! I selected that color and style because I'm not tall, I love medium hills, do some travel around the world making a lots of photos and I like to look good and interesting on my pictures. Recently I've bought a lite and short neon yellow\lemon raincoat and considered to find matching and comfortable pair of walking wedge shoes or boots. To my surprise I found them here! I've paid the attention to many positive reviews about this product and decided to order. Following to previous advises of some customers I ordered not my size (which is 6.5) but 7.5 - and it was a good choice! They fit me well, very soft inside and so-o-o comfortable!!! Shoes look amazing - shape, combination of colors, prints... 2 pairs (different colors) of shoe-laces. Easy to put on and take off. And the price! Very cheap for this quality of footwear.  Inspired with this purchase I decided to buy similar pair of PUMA sneakers in gold leather. Unfortunately, I couldn't buy them here - some restriction have been applied to this particular product for Australian residents. I've bought it in E-bay.My recommendations: buy them if you like bright colors and combine with similar color of clothes. They look good with tee+shorts, mini skirts or sport style short dress (tunic). Use some accessories in neon colors - a bag, a headband, a watch - this things are in shops now!
B00C6BUJDY Nice Trendy look I had another pink pair of these that I purchased from TJ Maxx, and I have completely worn those out so I came looking for a new pair. They are super comfortable and cute. Not as heavy as they look but I would order a size up. For some reason they run a little small.
B00C6EW87G Thanks Very nice and excellent product. Comfortable, and easy. This is the second shoes that I bought the first of my sister.
B00C6EW87G A+ My first pair of PUMA's and I'm thrilled they fit perfectly!  If you usually wear a 10 1/2 ..the 11 fits GREAT.  I Love how lightweight they are and the color is sharp looking!!  I would Love another pair in the Future!!!
B00C6XUJA0 Puma boys outfit For the price this outfit was a steal! Fits great and materiel is not cheap feeling.  Bought it in all the colors/styles they have!
B00C70VXMU love it my grandson just the Puma set ,hopping one day you get one in all red ,he love red ..thank you
B00C7VHPY4 Love it :D I got a great deal on this product $39. Looks and feels great. Not sure if I would pay the full $75 price tag. Unlike other brands size is exact!! materials used are high quality.I'm happy with my purchase.
B00CAJT9OW Love it! Bright colors, very very beautiful. My daughter got so happy with her new shoes, she asked to put them on right away. I love it!
B00CAJUT96 Great gripping shoes for the gym!  Not just for hiking. This is my first pair of Pumas and I loved it.  I bought a half size larger to make for a better fit and I'm glad I did.  As most folks have said, Pumas tend to be sized smaller than normal.These are awesome for all my workouts, especially for leg day.  It grips amazingly for leg press machines and calf raises.
B00CAJXM0Y Great Fit My wife loves the look and feel of this shoe; it is one of the most comfortable pair she has ever owned.
B00CAJXZTM don't expect to run around in these Nice and very noticeable pair of shoes suitable for walking on good pavement only.  The shoes don't provide any sideways stability and you can twist you ankles easily.  I wore them to a tennis game once and it was a miracle that I did not injure myself
B00CAJZDHY I was skeptical at first, but wow these are the best running shoes i've ever had! I went out on a limb to get a shoe I have never tried on. especially since my feet are big and it can be hard to find a pair of puma's that fit me well. but these are the absolute best shoes I've ever had. I love the design. they really work well and I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase! I will recommend these shoes to anyone who is interested in running. they are super light and fit really well. when these ones wear out I WILL be buying another pair of these!
B00CAK38DY First time I don't shop on the kids dept. For the first time ever I don't have to shop on either the kids or women dept for tennis shoes. I have small feet; therefore, I either get my tennis shoes on the kids section or women section. I order those shoes hoping that if it doesn't fit I'll return them, but I was surprised that they fit me just perfect, now I just ordered another pair but different color.
B00CAK5B0M Best Shoes Ever! I have put almost 500 miles on them just for running, I wear them working out and to work, I had to buy a new pair because of the quality I would recommend them to anyone that is on the move.
B00CAK5SHS A good pair of trail shoes at a good price So far these shoes have performed really well.  The tread design seems to give me really good traction in off road conditions.  There is a good amount of cushioning in the heal.  I'm a fairly serious trail runner and so far I like these better than other trail shoes that I own from asics and new balance.  My only criticism at this point is that the laces are a kinda ugly green color.
B00CAK6FVQ great pair of shoes. Nice fit as long as you know your size. Great pair of shoes. My teenage granddaughter love the Teal. nice.
B00CAK796Q Wore out one pair and bought a second pair My husband bought these same shoes, in the same color combination, at our local running shoe store in March or April 2013.  They were $112.  He wore them almost every day for the past year for our daily 3-5 mile walks, as well as for walks all over Northern Europe.  In other words, he wore them a LOT.  It was only in the past few weeks that some of the stitching in the toe began to come loose, and the tread is just beginning to wear down in a few spots.  So we looked online for replacement shoes and found them on Amazon for a lot less money --- they were only $69 --- than the first pair bought locally.  The new pair fits exactly like the old pair and my husband says he didn't have to break them in at all;  they fit and felt well the first time he put them on.  This is a well-made, comfortable shoe that really lasts through many hundreds of miles of walking.
B00CAK9OEQ Bought for coworker My coworker love these shoes. I purchased these for his softball team. He said they are comfortable
B00CAK9OEQ The shoes were true to size and he liked that they were pink and black I purchased these for my 16 year old son who is the varsity goal keeper and forward. Pink or bright green seem to be the colors around here everyone wants and pink men's shoes were hard to find.  The shoes were true to size and he liked that they were pink and black.  His favorite brand is Puma and we are hoping these will last as well as past purchases.
B00CAKANUA Shoes What can I say? They are just another pair of runner/sneaker. Nice and brite and Extremely comfortable. I Wear them everyday.That's all!Thanx.Terry
B00CEVRAEW Great brand, great price For the discounted price I paid for this, I am very pleased. I hope my grandson loves it as much as I do.
B00CFDPE7Y Cool kicks These are great shoes, comfortable and light. I want another pair already. These are the 8 words needed to finish
B00CN5C0RQ Sadly I bought two set of these... I brought this in the blue/green and black/pink for our two young girls. But was very disappointed as they both arrived one beautiful almost as never touch and this one with a big black streak on the arm that took me a few times of washing before I could get it out therefore the jacket looked gently used instead of new before I ever got it to our oldest daughter.SIzes aren't quiet right either
B00COJYZXS Really Hip Kicks! I bought these for my man friend. We both loved the blue accent and the non-use of the color white for the sole. I detest white soles on tennis shoes. Also the design of the Puma stripe on the side has been modified.
B00CQG7B94 disappointing The outfit was cute but was approx. 2 sizes smaller than marked. This was way disappointing since price was not cheap!
B00CWL2EWC Love it! I wear a size 6 so I bought the 6.5 because of other reviews and it fits perfect. It goes with a lot of my leggings and they are very comfortable. The only issue I had was that one end of the Velcro attached to the shoe isn't sewn on all the way. I would have returned it but I needed them for a trip three days later.
B00CWL2EWC My 14th pair of Puma Sky Wedges... I love Puma's line of sky wedge sneakers so much, I own 14 pairs!! I have them in all different color styles... They are the most comfortable pairs of shoes in my closet and I can't recommend them enough.
B00DBDVDA4 Not quite the right fit I wear an 8.5 slip on and a 9 lace up shoes. I ended up buying 3 versions of these: This pair, a white pair, and a black and light gray pair. All have the same design, just vary in color. This pair here is too big for me! These ones AND the white ones are too big, and that's after several washings in hot water and high heat drying. If you're on the bigger end of the fit range, these will fit you perfectly. Otherwise, I highly recommend looking up and going with the black and light gray version, those ones fit me perfectly. These socks are still really comfortable, AND wearable for me, they're just SLIGHTLY too big.
B00DEO5F6I fit is great and the delivery was early I'm stationed overseas, so I was reluctant to order these without it being amazon prime, but I took a chance. I ordered them 30June and they got here on the 12th, so that was a nice surprise. This is the first pair of Puma's that I have had in over 20 years, the quality has come a long way and these are very comfortable and well designed. They are actually a little bit narrow and snug with soccer socks , but they are breaking in nicely. Highly recommended
B00DHJQ39S Four! Purchased these shoes for my 2014 golf season. Ordered them in white and black but returned the black. The black looked cheap in my opinion. Wore them already when we took a trip to Fla to play some of the hardest courses in my golf career. We stayed at Reunion in Kissimmee. Back to the shoes the were true to size and very comfortable. Wish the black look better and I would be all set for this season.
B00DHJQ39S really cute I didn't buy these as golf shoes I just bought them because I liked them. Very comfortable and i love the white and pink.
B00DHJQ39S Great golf shoe Most comfortable golf shoes ever.  They didn't even need broken in. Will be buying another pair as backup!  Buy them!
B00DHJRKU4 Light and Comfortable I'm genuinely surprised by the comfort-factor of this shoe. This is my first pair of spike-less and the performance impressed me. Good traction, extreme comfort, and so light you barely notice them. Waterproof action seems to work really well and the shoe almost fits a little wide which is perfect in my case, roomy and comfortable. I'm surprised I like these as much as I do; I'd buy another pair and recommend giving them a try.
B00DHJTW9G Perfect Fit- Light as air!! Excellent light weight shoe- These are my wife's first pair of golf shoes and she loves them!
B00DNNOCQE Great shoes My husband loves this shoes.This is his second pair in the last 4 years.They run a bit tight but do stretch over time.
B00DNNS4S6 Great Track Shoe My granddaughter loved these shoes.  She runs High School track.  They fit fine and so far have been great for her experience.
B00DNNS6ZM Unexpected Comfort and Cushioning I bought the Victoria Blue color shoes because they seemed as though they would look nice with a pair of jeans.  After trying them on for the first time they are extremely comfortable and of course stylish with a pair of Levi's or Rock Revival jeans.  I didn't haven't a problem with the sizing either,  Usually when I purchase the Puma GV Specials size 9's I have to wear them around house for a few hours to break them in but these Powertech were perfect in my opinion..  There soft, lightweight, comfortable and very well cushioned.  I'm considering ordering the off white pair for running.
B00DNO0QRC Good deal, great shoes I would definitely buy another pair and probably will after awhile
B00DNO0QRC Fit like a glove !! I received my new pair of Puma Canvas Blue/White Sneakers , and I'm as happy as happy can be !! Amazon , you have a customer for life !! Great customer service , awesome product , and shipping is always on time , if not early !! Sincerely happy customer , Troy Velez !!
B00DOE8S9O Great shoe! We have a previous pair of these shoes that lasted well over a year and were worn EVERY DAY! Comfy!
B00DOE8S9O Love these shoes... They are nicer than they appear in the ad - according to my husband very comfortable bought another pair in a different style also.
B00DOE8S9O The rubber shoes that rub. I own 4 pair's of Puma's, very happy with all. I have a pair very similar to these, they are not rubber. I found these shoes rub the tops of my fet above the toe area every time i step. The material binds in a way when it flexes it pushes down on the foot. Otherwise I would have been very happy
B00DOE8S9O Great Model Nice Shoes i love it :( sorry for review later because in my country have problems for receive the products from USA but nice SHOES RECOMMEND!!
B00DOE8S9O Great casual shoe I've been big fan of steve madden and puma shoes for years.  I've been on a search for a good white shoe as I love white shoes (Wish I didn't as they are such a pain to keep clean!).  I've had white vans and white sanuks which got dirty quick.  These have remained very clean for quite awhile and are very comfortable and fashionable.  You won't be disappointed with these pair of shoes.
B00DOE8S9O Excellent Excellent shoe at a very inexpensive price. A classy pair of sneakers that can be work with casual clothing. My kids are envious.
B00DOEFG4Y First time buying shoes online, super easy! I've been hesitant for a long time about buying shoes online. I have another pair of pumas that fit a little differently than the rest of my shoes. I decided to just go for it when these shoes were 20% off. I'm happy I did. They are holding up well, the laces are long, and super soft. I ride my bike in them daily to work (only like 10min ride) and haven't had any sore feet, and they're comfortable to walk in.
B00DOEFG4Y Retro Classic in today's world Perfect fit. I wear these every where. Also have the black and white. Just purchase the limestone grey and black. Benny classics retro style in today's world. NEED MORE COLORS :-)
B00DOEPQD0 Unfinished Product The inside of the sneaker has a &#34;removable insert&#34;, NOT FIXED in place. When removed, the unfinished product is exposed. I returned the first pair and received a replacement with the same issue. No need to say that the second pair was returned as well.It does not seem logical that a sneaker should be sold unfinished.I was not only disappointed, but extremely annoyed  to have had to go through the return process twice.A.J. Picard
B00DOG1Q96 Nice Pair Although it was somewhat small I still love these pair of shoes. I wear hyper-thin socks and it works. They are light and look nice.
B00DOG4R2Y Very nice shoes Very nice pair of shoes i love it the perfect gift for my hubby he love it they look great
B00DOG4R2Y ... for this type of shoe for years and so happy I found this style Haven't worn them yet but I've been looking for this type of shoe for years and so happy I found this style!  Planning on buying another pair here shortly.
B00DOG4R2Y i love i now have 3 pairs. i love them
B00DOG55AW Puma Cat 5 Great looking well made comfortable shoe.  Proud to wear in public.  Recommend to all that inquire. I expect to order another pair soon.
B00DOJGZPI decent entry level cleat I've updated this review after 3-4 hours per week in these boots, and also compare them to the evopower 2.Form:Initially, my opinion was that these boots were good looking, although seem pretty cheap. Materials are an almost plastic vinyl. They weigh much less than traditional boots I've used in the past.Fit:Initially I ordered a size 11.  It was just a little bit tight on the big toe, width is actually a bit wider than I've been used to with Puma brand shoes. I exchanged for an 11.5  Normally I wear anywhere from a US 10.5-11.5 in Puma branded shoes, and a US 11-11.5 in Nike shoes.  I still feel like they are a bit small, but the difference between an 11.5 and 12 would have made them too large.  When ordering these boots, get 1/2 - 1 size higher than you'd expect.Comfort: I've developed pretty large blisters on my right heel only, in addition, I've also had issues with Plantar Facitis, again right foot only. I can only assume that its due to either the crappy soleplate (very flimsy and offers NO support, a bad fitting shoe.. or both. I replaced the insole with a pair of these:Shock Doctor Low Profile Cleat Insole.. These aftermarket insoles instantly made the boot much more comfortable and reduced my heel pain dramatically.  All being said, I'm still am having major issues with blisters on my right heel only.Function:The combo of studs/blades offers great stability for quick turns and sudden changes in speed. I don't experience "pressure points" from the cleat studs even after 1000-1500 meters of running.  The strike zone is large, and has good feel for strikes.Durability: After 7 weeks of these boots being used 3-4 hours they are holding up really well.  No tears or seam separations.  Studs still look unused so I'm expecting they will be long lasting.Over all, not bad for under $60. 3 stars because of the fitting issues, 4 stars otherwise.---Compared to the Evopower 2, for those of you trying to decide between the two, they are like two completely different animals.  The Evopower 2 boots are 8% lighter, cut different shapes, higher quality materials, fit more true to size, have better soleplates and insole cushioning, and generally speaking are much more comfortable and supportive. My advice is that you save the extra 30 bucks and get the 2's. You won't be disappointed.
B00DOL32BQ Shoes are good value The shoes fit well.They are are light and comfortable.I would definitely buy another pair.They are good value.
B00DOPGFM0 zips are usless Bought three puma tops for my kids and every zip won't connect from the start.Very poor ... I would send them back but it's going to be cheaper and easier to fix here.Maybe that's idea.
B00DQYYVAM Fantastic Shoe! This is my 5th pair of Vulc Salas, love these shoes! Please bring back a red, white & blue design!
B00DS5M8FO Great product But the size is smaller than normal sizing. I love the material and colors are great.Would recommend this product as a great gift.
B00DTUN7EO This brand is very durable and holds up well. I sprayed the shoes initially with a water barrier and they had held up very well with dirt and grime. Better than my previous pair of the similar shoe. My son really likes them. Very bright color as shown a picture.
B00DTZFZCQ Love these shoes! Adorable shoes!  Will buy another pair when my son grows out of these.
B00DU0P368 Love these shoes These are great light weight shoes that my toddlers love! They can even pull them off and put them on without my help.
B00DUL6J7Y Not as expected I ordered this pair for my kid. I wanted a size she'd grow into and so I needed to get a pair that would last. That's why I thought this would be perfect. Since the price is about what they go for at Journey kidz and Stride Rite I thought this would be the real deal. However, I was disappointed with the quality- there is more synthetic than leather on the &#34;upper&#34; and the sole is definitely man made material. The Pumas I've bought in the past are softer, more pliable and good for growing feet. These were quite stiff probably because of the amount of plastic or whatever synthetic material is on the upper. At $50 I think I was paying for the BMW license rather than the quality of the shoes. If you must buy this online, compare to brick and mortar shoe stores' websites first.It's not worthy of the price I paid, but it's okay overall.
B00DULXWII Five Stars Loved these so much I bought the same pair in pink for my niece.
B00DULXWII Good buy Great shoe for a preschool boy.  This is the third pair I have purchased.  He outgrows them before he ruins them which is a miracle.  The are a great fit for a kid with wide feet.
B00DULXWII Kid loves them This is my second pair I purchased for the kiddo. He loved the first pair so much, he wanted the exact same color (black and white) for his next pair (but slightly larger). They wear well and are spot-on as far as sizing goes. They are also easy to clean. Will probably pick up his third pair before too long.
B00DULYICC nice shoe for the price This is our second pair of Puma Future Cat Super Mesh Sneakers. The shoes are light weight and durable. My daughter wore them daily for PE and they kept their shape and held up. They are true to size and good for kids with wider feet.  We did have to change the inner soles after a while, but ordered a new purple pair because she outgrew the previous pink pair. The purple color is a lot nicer, not as &#34;girly&#34; and is less offensive for slightly older girls who are becoming tweens.
B00DUU511U good price for the brand name I had gotten this Puma sweatshirt for my nephew for about $19 when list price is $40. When he got it for Christmas, he wanted to put in on right away. It looks and feels great
B00DY6160A Hit or miss *UPDATE* wound up returning these...they just weren't comfy OR cute enough for the price. Gotta be at least one or the other!I've been on the lookout for a pair of shoes that had the comfort of a sneaker without the look of them...I do a lot of walking in the summer, and I want a pair of comfy shoes I could walk around the city in without looking like a tourist. I picked these after researching several other pairs because there were so many positive reviews extolling their comfort. They're pretty sporty looking, so I wouldn't ever wear them to the office (except for maybe on casual Fridays), and I was surprised to find that they're NOT all that comfortable. No arch support, no extra-cushy padding, nothing to make these all that extraordinary. They're comfier than a standard ballet flat, but I don't know that they're comfy enough for more than a casual stroll/running errands (won't know until I try...and potentially wind up with blisters all over). They're cute, but not sooo cute and they're comfy, but not sooo comfy, so...I'm still on the fence on whether to keep them or not. The one feature I do appreciate is that there's a small pad at the back of the shoe to prevent any rubbing/chafing on your heel, but I'm not sure that one feature's enough to make these otherwise meh shoes a winner in my book.Sizing and quality also seems questionable, which is furthering my indecisiveness. I initially purchased my standard size 6.5...from what I've read, Puma sizing can be all over the place, but many reviews cited these as true to size, with some saying they're slightly large. Since I'm usually 6.5 or 7, I figured I'd be safe with the 6.5, but...they were juuust slightly too large to the point where they slipped off my heels as I walked around, so back they went. When I received the size 6, they fit perfectly, but! There was an odd lump in the toe of the left shoe, some sort of defect where the fabric wasn't glued properly, causing it to bump out and rub against my toe. Ick. Back they went. The next pair? Same lump problem, but this time with the addition of a noticeable crease on the exterior of the shoe where the lump was located. I was thinking the first lumpy pair was just a fluke, but a second pair with a similar issue seems questionable. So once again they went back, and well...3rd time's the charm, right? But...for some reason, these size 6's fit tighter than the other ones had! Sigh. Rather than exchange them a fourth time, I'm hoping that with some wear, they'll stretch out a bit and feel more like they're hugging rather than suffocating my feet...they're not cutting off circulation, but they're just a smidge...cozy. After all the exchanges, I'm hesitant to send these back once again and start all over with an entirely different pair of shoes, so I'm debating on just holding onto these in the hopes that they'll grow on me/I'll learn to love them.
B00DY6160A I found these and I love them so much I may purchase another I had been searching for a replacement of another puma sneakerina type shoe.  I found these and I love them so much I may purchase another pair
B00DY6160A Great Pair of Shoes! Comfortable, Easy to slide on when you are in a hurry, excellent on those days I have not had time to beautify my toes :)
B00DY61M0E Pair #7 This is my seventh pair of Puma Zandy flats.  I have a rainbow of colors.  I wore the new pair yesterday and was literally stopped in the street by two different women who asked about the shoe.  The color is stunning and electric, even better than the Amazon photo. The Zandy flat is a perfect shoe for my feet.  Enough said.
B00DY75DWQ Love my new DipDyes! These shoes are fun and super cute!  I was also surprised at how light and pliable they are...it's like wearing no shoes at all.  I love them!
B00DY75DWQ Jazzy Looking Shoe Love the look and light weight feel of this shoe. I initially ordered it because my 8 year old granddaughter has a pair of rainbow shoes and they looked so fun I had to have a pair. I was surprised at how light weight these Pumas are and how well they fit my feet. I've had several compliments on the jazzy colors!
B00DY789HM Electric Green and Blue Puma Classic Edge These sneakers are somewhat difficult to get over my heel I do have wide feet but of all the Puma wedges i have this is the only pair i have that problem with.Once on they are pretty comfy. The color is awesome and perfect for spring I may consider purchasing more just might go a 1/2 size up!
B00DY789HM Love them!!! These shoes are taking me back to high school. The only difference is the wedge. I'm really excited about these shoes.
B00DY789HM Five Stars Love the fit. I will get another pair.
B00DY789HM PUMA Wedges Runs Small..Hope it stretches .. Color is Beautiful for Spring! Would buy another pair! I love wedges .. Thank You
B00EDOMUYI They are alright Nice pair of shoes, if i were to order them again I would probably try wide as theses seem to run a little thin. Which found odd as I have never had to buy wide shoes before
B00EDOMUYI Love my Puma's I have been a Puma guy for a while, but this is the first pair I bought online. THe size is just as expected. The are light weight and super smooth. I bought them for work (I am a barber, so I am on my feet all day) and they are very comfortable. I also have gotten plenty of people admiring the design.
B00EDOMUYI I wish I had bought another pair Yes.......I wish I had bought another pair, or 2 or 3 others in different colors, but didn't know if the red pair would fit. They fit just fine, but by the time I received them, the special price reduction had expired, so wasn't able to order more at that reduced price.Please discount these again & Ill purchase MORE !
B00EDOMUYI good i  love  it . it  is  very  good.  It  is  worth  buying.PUMA Men's Voltaic 5 Running Shoe,Black/PUMA Silver/High Risk Red,9.5 M US
B00EDOMUYI Nice pair of kicks me and  Every body else loves the color and style, Nice pair of kicks.
B00EDOMUYI Every new pair is cooler than the last! I am addicted to Puma shoes, and Amazon is my main supplier. Their prices and selection are unparalleled. These shoes are particularly cool. They have just enough red and sheen to be loud without screaming.Since ordering last week I've literally received compliments on the shoes from complete strangers.There is one Amazon seller I would avoid, however, as--unlike Amazon--they force you to pay return shipping plus a restocking fee of 15% if you need to return a pair of shoes (not these, of course--these I'm keeping until I need my next fix).I'll name the seller if they don't reply positively to my request for return shipping reimbursement...
B00EDOMUYI Nice Shoes I have two pair but I live in Florida and usually wear flippies :-)
B00EDOMUYI first pumas First pair of pumas I've ever had, they fit snug but not too snug and I'm sure when they break in they'll fit perfectly, I actually like how small the feel.Very nice looking without being flashy.Docked a star because the stitching on one section is off a bit and it will drive me crazy until I get new shoes but it won't effect the durability or wear of the shoe, just my mind.
B00EDOMUYI Four Stars Great shoe at a great price, I should have bought another pair!
B00EDOMUYI Great Quality - Comfortable Shoe Bought these after my NEW Nike's developed a squeak when I walked. I have more than a few pair of Puma and my Nike experience reminded me why.These are very comfortable, the toes breathe very well and hey...they look pretty cool too!
B00EDOMUYI Five Stars very nice pair of shoes
B00EDOR4L2 Puma Volt This felt extremely well on my feet during my run...It WILL be one of the first shoes I grab for my extended runs...Loved it the very first time I ran in them...Love the bold color combination, as well.
B00EDOR4L2 Shoe sizes run a little small Great product, comfortable and attractive but you may want to order a half size larger than you normally do.  I shipped the first pair back and got a replacement pair 3 days later.  So convenient.
B00EDOR4L2 They are so comfortable. This is my first pair and I recommend ... I have only worn them once.  They fit as expected.  They are so comfortable.  This is my first pair and I recommend these.
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars Great looking pair of shoes.
B00EP00Y2A Satisfied customer! These onesies are very pretty! The pictures really don't do them justice, I love them! The price is very affordable, and most definitly worth the price.
B00EP0N06C Love Love Love Love this outfit. ...Received as a gift and my daughter outgrew it so happy I found it again true to size...Highly recommended!!!!
B00ETBBFA0 lovely shoes but.... Just what I wanted, however bought the last pair(which was my size) and it was like trying on a pair 3 sizes too small. Definitely buy but heed my warning.
B00ETHZCBW Stylish But Not Very Comfortable Puma's El Ace line has a terrific, unique look but absolutely no padding in the forefoot and little in the heel. I bought this one because of the style and returned it because of the fit. I'm 6'2", 220 lbs. and my forefoot needs some love this shoe can't provide. Two other points: they tend to run a tad narrow and this particular color - tan or "Dachshund" - is much darker than the picture represents.As for the second pair I purchased (in blue), I received a 13 in a 14 box and it was quite obviously someone else's return from a prior purchase. One shoe was laced up unconventionally, there was no paper stuffing in the toebox of either shoe and the tissue paper used to protect the shoe from scuffing during shipping was absolutely shredded. The box itself was torn/ripped in several places so this pair went back as well. Calling Amazon QC????
B00ETHZV2M Below Puma standards Usually I love Puma sneakers but thia has a bad finishing with fabric short in one side. Plus is not confortable as my prevoius Puma and a similar Adidas I had. The material is not soft and is rigid.
B00ETHZV2M Awesome! I always wear Puma's to workout.  This pair fit perfectly, and look good too. I also liked the price as they were $20 less expensive than the others I have purchased.
B00ETI0GFI Perfect Fit, Look & Feel This was a gift and the recipient loved it! True to size and accompanies both black & white laces. Looks fabulous! Highly recommend the product to anyone.
B00F93SCEO Great item We bought this as a gift or my brother-on-law. Not only was is great quality, but the price tag said this original cost $69.99, so it felt like we got a great deal. I'm sure he's going to love it.
B00FEM4G2W Great Shoes Great pair of sneakers; stylish and comfortable. The combination of white and light lavender is very subtle. Very very satisfied.
B00FEM6QLQ love the style, true to size and comfortable, this style was hard to find . Ladies you will love these. This is my second pair of Puma pee toe wedges, love the idea of sneakers with a wedge . You can dress up or down with theses . Looks great with a skirt too.
B00FEM6QLQ fantastic shoe i have 2 pair of these in different colors. they are comfortable like a sneaker, but very stylish. i get asked by strangers where i bought them every time i wear them. i would have bought the other color they came in, but they weren't available in my size.
B00FEM73OK Five Stars Very comfortable sneakers, great for walking and look nice with a pair of jeans.
B00FFM13OA Great Cleats! Definitely worth the price I ordered a pair off amazon and the only problem I had was that it did not come in that cool black and red box. Aside from that the cleats are great. The fitting was my usual size, and they are a bit wider fitting than other cleats (I do mean just a bit) but it makes all the difference for a more comfortable fit. I didn't have to break these cleats in at all, they fit great right out of the box.The collapsible heel is nice since it doesn't dig into your heel or tendon. I've never had one blister wearing these cleats as I've had from others such as the Puma Power Cat 1 SL and the Adidas Predators LZ TRX Absolion. It truly is an amazing cleat and by far the best one Puma has ever made. The power increase from the foam and natural bend of the foot isn't a huge difference. You may or may not notice such, but I will say that the natural bend is nice and has prevented me from eating s*** a few times.Another thing to note are the studs. The stability studs, for me, give me a slightly different feel when stepping on the ball compared to other cleats and took me a couple days to get used to. The studs are also softer than other cleats I've owned so I have noticed that they do wear a little faster. If you step on asphalt or rocks with these cleats you will get small imprints in the studs.On a final note, the cleats clean nicely, and have held up great over the couple months that I've used them. It's very light, yet still offers a good amount of protection and padding. I will definitely buy another pair in the future.
B00FFM3Q6S Great cleats My son loves these cleats because there is a little padding for the sole.  Most cleats are very hard.  This is his second pair because he out grew the first pair.
B00FFMEJIC love 'em I'll start by saying I don't wear them for indoor. I live in the PNW and it rains alot so I use leather soccer kicks b/c i like the styles.They are a little tight, but a nice pair and for the price cant be beat.
B00FFPR2LK Great Cleats It took me years to find a pair of cleats to replace my old Adidas Predators, i looked at nike, adidas, etc. until i finally found the evospeeds. You'll definitely have to break them in before playing but seriously way better that $200+ Nikes.The only thing i found i disliked about these cleats is that they dont come with the cleat bag, but if were talking performance these are 5+ star shoes.
B00FJ57L6W Love these! Love these leggings! They are super comfy and the material is a nice quality for leggings. Love the Ferrari logo on the side and the zippers on the legs are pretty cool. I wore them to get a pedicure and was able to unzip and roll them up.
B00FLWBINK One of the best sneakers ever! Immediately after trying them on I knew these were the shoes for me, they are so soft and fit so well. I didn't even need to try on other sneakers because I knew these were it for me. Definitely well made and make for a pleasant running/walking experience. Will definitely be sticking with these for a while plus the price is very reasonable.
B00FME51MG LOVE IT! Great product no complains here price was not bad and have no problems with this item would consider buying other items in the future.Esmeralda
B00FRG62HM great item this pair of shorts fit well and the color is great.  ,my grand daughter really likes the shorts.
B00FSY32YE Arrived damaged Puma on front is smudged!
B00FWJI3D0 After first day I'm very impressed I'll start off by saying I'm no expert on the field of reviewing running shoes but I run often, and lately I've been running far.I set a table up on my treadmill at home and speed walked at about 6km/h for around 8.5 miles and usually after that time I have knee pain from an old wrestling accident, but not today. After I speed walked and completed my homework, I went to a good jogging pace and continued until I hit 12 miles and got off feeling great, but as soon as I stopped jogging the outside of my foot underneath my pinky toe knuckle back was incredibly sore. This is not a fault in the shoe, just shows that with the shoes I used to run in maybe pressure was not applied in that area? I'm not sure, but I definitely don't look at this as a negative aspect, after all it's clear proof it is strengthening my feet.
B00GO70MQ0 Great fit, average value I shopped around for a pair of track pants that were comfortable enough to lounge in, but had a firm enough fit to jog in. These are cuffed at the bottom which is great. Also, nice draw strings and zippers on the pockets. If they weren't $45, I'd buy another pair.
B00GOMDIMU Nice pair of socks Fits perfectly and very soft. Love the different colors as well. I will buy more in the future and maybe just the plain white.
B00GS66XLU Love Pumas, but not quite these Long story short, my first pair of a Pumas were part of the Cell family and I LOVED them. Then my dog chewed one up. Since then, I've been looking for another pair of Pumas that would fit just as great as those Cells. I went ahead and got these when I tried them on at the Outlet Mall. They're not awesome, but they were the best I could find at the time I was looking, so I went ahead and got them. My main issue with them is that the top of the foot flap thing (that you tie the laces over), is sewn into the lining so you can't really adjust it or make the shoe tighter or anything. This is an issue for my low arch that needs the shoe to really snug my foot.Otherwise, I think they are really pretty shoes. But I am now again looking for another Puma that is closer to the Cell family design.
B00GV3GRJI Great shoes. Have not been a big fan of 'traditional' style gym shoes in years. Used to buy Asiscs, but then switched to North Face BOAs (RIP) for outdoors.and Five Fingers for the gym. Bought these to pedal to gym and work out. Very comfortable. Still use the FF for weightlifting, but these are the best traditional style I've tried in 10 years.
B00HCMTOJW All that hoped for and more Love love love them...the gumball sole is perfect,  either pair of laces work,  get many compliments on them... these are my third pair of puma wedges!
B00HCMTOJW In love Love them omg everywhere I go everyone wants to know where I got them from perfect pair of sneaks to put on to get cute the price was also good went a few places and they wanted 300
B00HCMTOJW Great purchase....Very happy I Love them.....perfect fit. So stylish. Cant believe the price!! Nike metallic wedge sneaker is still 200.00. The Best Buy this year!!
B00HSH9C4I great product There not thick. Very breathable. They stay put. No slipping down into your shoes. I've worn high tops with them and they didn't move. They are great. I'd definitely get them again.
B00HTAKRI4 comfortable sneaks This is my 2nd pair of puma sneakers.They are very comfortable and look great.I wear them all day at work.I'm on my feet 8hrs. a day.I am size 13 and have flat feet.They will probably last me about 6 to 7 months.For 39 dollars that's not bad.Will buy them again.
B00I2V3IN0 Two years and counting My wife has these in black and pink which she bought a couple years back and she has received so many compliments for these shoes. She finds them really comfortable and has been wearing them through the seasons and on varied terrains, even dusty and muddy roads but these have been excellent. No complaints ! She bought this pair today for the same shoe as she wanted an alternate color from the black and pink version and is really happy with her purchase. Shoes like these make me feel that Puma is worth every penny.
B00I9GTJMM Secure and dependable I purchased black, white and florescent yellow Puma golf shoes and they arrived on time and were exactly as the seller described. They were great quality and my husband was very happy.
B00ITTM8AY Best flip flops ever !!! They are completely comfortable !!! Soft, easy to put on, last looonnggg time even with daily use. Completely worth the price.
B00JWYXRHI Perfect fit and style for me. Bought a pair of these a month ago and love everything about them: fit, retro style, colors. Have now bought a total of four pair-different colors.
B00KX7OVFA Puma's Done It Again I LOVE THIS FLIP FLOP. The style, color, fit all 5 stars. I bought another pair of Puma flip flops prior to this pair and wish I had gone with this one in the first place. Was trying to save a few dollars, lol, yes, paying a few more dollars for these was worth it!!!
