B00007282M good shoes BAD EXPEDITED DELIVERY those are a good shoes, but the delivery provide service is the worst, i buy the shoes dic 15-06 in expedite service 1-3 days and i recive the shoes 21  4 days more than usually delivery day, i pay 12 more dollars for expedite and theirs give it to me like regular mail, bad deal to me!
B0009PUMBI Geat Price on these Cleats! I bought these for my son who is a soccer-player.  He loves them and feels "cool" in them- great price and great quality.
B0009QGPPO Good Fast shipping, brand new, good quality, meet my expectations, I hope I will use a lot, excellent investment, I love my puma shoes
B0009QGPPO Old School shoes I love and have fond memories of my old puma kings. These are the same as I had remembered, but the market has really changed. These shoes are heavy and bulky at 11.2 oz. Mine had a tear in them when I received them so I sent them back and ordered something else. The shoes I ordered were 8.2 oz. The extra weight was just too much since I was coming from lighter shoes. There are shoes now that will weigh 5.4 oz.
B0009QGPPO The King lives! Great shoes. Top quality. Classic look that I prefer over the newer, flashier, multi colored options out there. These feel good and perform even better. A bit tight at the toes, thus the 4 stars, but will probably adjust as I use them more.  Sole is made for turf, but would not hesitate to play in grass with them as the grooves seem adequate for it.
B000BOCNRI Quality Indoor Soccer Shoes I think this a quality shoe.  Notice the stitching on the upper leather and then to the sole at the toe.  The leather provides more padding than the Sambas or other basic shoes, as well as arch support (not too much though) and a quality cushion for the heel.  As I'm older and banged up from soccer I like the extra padding and support.  I just wear them for an everyday/exercise shoe.  The only weird thing is the tongue flap over the top of the laces, but it makes sense if you're actually playing and want the laces covered up.
B000BOCNRI baja calidad - low quality I bought these shoes because I though that Puma only makes high quality shoes but my mistake....with only a month of use the sole began to take off.
B000ESFLN4 Comfort, quality, and affordable These shoes are great. They're stylish and comfortable at a low, low price. I've had many compliments on them. They're quite form fitting to the foot as well.
B000FPLEOG nice price, wish they were more durable I keep buying puma since I like their design and laceless models. I only wish these shoes lasted longer. I have around 6 weeks with them and the cloth sewing that covers the plastic structure around the ankle has been disintegrating. I calculate a product life of 6 months.As always, delivery and purchase experience was excellent.
B000FPLEOG Good product at a good price. It is really worth the price. Take in consideration that these are casual sneakers, not an everyday shoe. Nice!!!!, would buy again.
B000FPNFAW Puma shoes I bought these shoes at the request of my 30 yr old son for his birthday.  He absolutely loves them.  I was very pleased with the timely shipping. These shoes are very nice looking and comfortable. The price was great!
B000GGNCGW Great Christmas gift! Loved the socks! Thick, good quality! Great for anyone who wants a good quality in socks! Would buy these again!
B000HDF95Q No good quality~ Very bad quality .Watchband is broken and the pin is bad.I don't want to recommend this items.Very poor items.The price is higher against quality.
B000M2IH2Y Nice product I recommend it,  really worth its price,  comfortable , good quality, and looks really good.
B000MMA2HC Puma pants Brand new , quality pair of Pumas! The blue is much brighter than pictured, but still a nice sweatshirt.
B000N1ZA2E For the racing enthousiast My son absolutely loved this shirt.  He is a huge car fan, even though he is just 9.It wears well and does not shrink in the dryer.  Good quality material.
B000OBN4OY good soccer pants I really love the design but it is very tight around the legs. Much tighter than your average soccer pants. Great quality. Gold Puma is awesome.
B000QDZVFA Cool Shoes I've had them for more than a year and keep getting asked where I got them.  Size was right on the money.  Holding up great.  No problems.  All good!
B000R4XHRC Retro Class and Quality I just hope that sneakers nowadays were less high tech and more low profiled, retro, class, and quality as these sneakers. Very subdued in appearance. Very good foot and arch support in addition. Good buy and great deal.
B000R4XHRC PUMA Quality Receive shoe on time and well boxed and the fit and confort is as expect.of the quality and design of the PUMA.
B000R4XHRC Old fashioned-classic sneakers This sneakers are great. They remind me my time at school. Good quality overall and great looks. Very confortable for walking or sports.
B000R4XHRC Good purchase... Classic shoes, no too fancy but good enough for me, I think it was a good purchase, so far so good....
B000R4XHRC Puma footwear? I wear Puma, and bought the exact size I was wearing...it did not fit.Nothing near Puma standard and quality.
B000UCURVU Beautiful product The picture didn't portray the shoes properly though. We purchased these shoes for our son and had not realised they were for girls. The picture never showed the true color of the shoes...they were pink and brown.  Although we were dissapointed that our son would not be able to wear them ...they are so beautiful we are keeping them for our daughter.
B0013THNAW poor quality The quality and print was poor.tshirt was actually not dyed good and print not a good qualitywillnot be buying this product again
B00160H91Q Great copy but poor quality It was probably made in China or some other country.  It's very stiff and I've worn it once, I ended up donating it few months later.  Don't be fooled the imitators are very good.
B0019UHB34 Great Shoes for the Price Made a teenage son very happy...nothing does that does it? Lasted all year at school. Excellent shoe for the money.
B001AHE1J8 Comfy and Stylish These shoes are worth it for people who love low shoes and enjoy long walks. I get couple of complements on the shoes everyday :)
B001B14S46 Teenage Son Loves I bought these shoes for my son in all white. He loves the stylish look and he says they are very comfortable.  The only downfall is trying to keep them white.  His blue jeans often leave blue dye on the shoes which I have found to be almost impossible to remove.
B001B50ZMG Great while they last... These shoes are really great- really comfortable and look really nice for casual use and just walking. They go great with most clothing as well, being that they are blue. HOWEVER... i noticed after just two months of use, they began to lose their color and went from a nice dark blue to light blue, to a really bad faded purple. The fading came from the sun, but I only wore these shoe out in the day for about three days. They fade really fast so I suggest not letting them go out near the sun at all, especially here in Southern California where the sun shines really hard. Other than that great comfortable shoes, but beware of quick fading.
B001B52SDK Great Shoes The shoes went above what i expected from them. The sole has great grip, the outer layer is light and breathable, and overall the quality is excellent. They perform well as running shoes and are cool enough to wear around town. Also the shoes are extremely light which i really appreciated.
B001B52VLO Great quality for the price I got a great deal on these shoes, right when I needed (or wanted) some new Pumas. The heel digs in, so if you walk all day in them you could have blisters. They look great with dark jeans. Very comfy for walking all day support-wise.
B001B52VLO Pretty in Pink I was dubious about ordering shoes on line.I was worried about fit and quality.I am simply amazed at how perfect these Pumas fit and the quality is the same as the Pumas I bought in department stores and paid a premium price .They are beautiful and I will order many more from the Amazon site.A+++++++
B001B84TUM Very Stylish and COOL I love this shoe!!!!!!! My son loves it even more because he does not have to tied them!!!! The fashion of this sneaker is so cool!! Love it will buy again later on if my son's does not mind,,,
B001CHCT4U Women's PUMA Wheelspin Sneaker my 12 year old had to have! These very cool shoes were the first namebrand (very exspensive)item my 12 year old, 7th grade daughter had ever asked for. They were $80.00 in the mall stores and I actually almost charged them for her because she wanted them so much. Luckily, I checked Amazon first and found them for $48.00. My daughter thought this was very cool and bragged to all her friends what a great deal her mom found. They are first quality and the exact same shoes that were $80.00 at the mall. She is thrilled with them and I am so happy I could get them for her and teach her to always shop for a better deal!Nancy in Traverse City, MIPUMA Women's Wheelspin Sneaker
B001CHEOW0 shoes review the shipment was fast, When I received the shoes, I liked, are very nice and comfortable. the price is very economical for the quality of the shoe. I personally recommend these shoes, and more if purchased by amazon.
B001CHEOW0 Great Looking Shoes To Wear With Jeans I received this pair of Puma Usan Sneaker Shoes in white/chocolate and I am very pleased with the quality and apperance.  They look great with Jeans.  However, it's a little tight on the width.  If you have wide feet, these shoes aren't for you.  Also, I tried to dance with these shoes and I was slipping a little bit because they didn't provide that much traction on a slightly wet dance floor.  On a positive note, these shoes are very light and really worth the money you paid for....just don't use it on a dance floor!!
B001CHEPW4 bad quality. don't know why Left shoe got a hole after 2 months. First time something like this happen to my Puma's. Other ones were okay.
B001CHEPW4 comfortable Very comfortable pair of shoes. They run a little bigger than the size says. Very good quality. I'll be wearing these for awhile, I'm sure.
B001CHER90 Best Shoes on the Court and off for a good price! When I got these shoes I wasn't expecting a lot for how much I payed for them. But I got these shoes and they are the perfect go to for Fridays and Weekends to wear with jeans and a polo or whatever is your style. Bottom line great price and an excellent shoe. Would buy it again if I had to.
B001CHER90 Great Shoe Got for my teenage son.  Great quality at a great price.  Arrived on time.  He is rough on sneakers and these have lasted longer than any other sneaker he has had - and still look good.
B001CHG1YY Shoes.... Shoes. Yay for these shoes You will probably want insoles. The shoes work perfect for me, and I have no problems with them so far. I have had them for about 3 weeks and I love them. So far they haven't had holes in them.I chose the bright turquoise and orange.
B001CHG1YY old school classics Great sneaker I grew up wearing these and now the new colors selection is nice. I got 2 pairs for less than $60 it doesn't get any better than that
B001CHG1YY puma sneakers I like to wear the retro sneakers.  The sneakers I bought definitely are NOT the quality that I used to get. They are not as comfortable, the suede looks poor and the look is not the same.
B001CHG1YY Great Fashion shoes Great shoes, looks very nice on any Jeans. The price is reasonable too and good quality. Highly recommended!!Comes with two laces
B001CHG1YY WHY DID I CHOOSE THIS RATING Ever since I was a younger guy playing soccer I use Puma products and always get very good service and quality, even today I am still very happy with the quality.Thanks Puma.Regards.Anthony St. Louis.
B001CHG1YY Bought for Son The shoes had a good amount of growing room for my teenager. The shoes will probably last for next Spring, which was the purpose of the shoes.He loves the comfort and durability; which helps our wallet.
B001CHG1YY Great This is a great product I would really recommend them to anyone who likes a high quality shoe. They are amazing!!
B001CHG1YY Terrible! I have never had problems with shoes until I purchased these. A month after wearing the shoes, the front toe began to tear. I had to throw them away after a few months since they were hardly functional. They look cool; however, they aren't very comfortable and they certainly don't take wear well.
B001CHG1YY So Fresh and So Clean Great things about these shoes:  looks, comfort, and quality.  I cannot recommend them enough.  These are my first Puma's and it is like a whole other level of shoe.  All I gots to say is no one better scuff my Pumas.
B001CHG1YY LOVE THEM!! They are perfect & fit great, thank you!!!Price was right + excellent quality - I couldn't have asked for better!I couldn't be happier!!
B001CHG1YY Bboy shoes Over all got what I wanted came with an extra set of shoe laces so that was cool. The only problem Is that it might be a little shade littler but that's it, great for bboying and great for every day use
B001CHG1YY blue suede shoes my son was Elvis for Halloween.  Bought the blue suede shoes to complete the outfit.  He looked great they fit well and now he wears them to school.
B001CHG1YY Love Old School I grew up wearing these shoes when I was a kid. I havent been able to find them at my local Puma store, so I purchased them here. Great shoes, just as I rememmbered. Love the low profile, look, and feel.
B001CHG1YY OUR SON LOVES THEM Fast shipping, fair pricing, quality product, adiquate packaging.  What more can we ask for, right?  Thank you Amazon.com.Purchased these as a gift for our son, and he seems to love wearing them.  So money well spent.
B001CHG1YY Nice! Great shoes! Comfortable, nice, good quality. The quality and price relation is great. My girlfriend gets turned on when I wear them!!
B001CHG1YY Puma Suede I have purchased Puma shoes in the past, therefore, I knew what exact size to purchase.  Puma suede shoes are my all time favorite.  I enjoy this sneaker's style and comfort.  What really makes this Puma line above all other Puma shoes is the fact that all Puma suede shoes include fat laces and two different styles of fat laces.  Enjoy.
B001CHG1YY Only lasted a year Shoes were comfortable and fit well, but the sole of the right shoe split open after less than a year of use. Low quality construction.
B001CHG1YY another great buy i bought this for my brother and he absolutely love it.  It is comfortable and good value for money.  Good use of my hard earned money
B001CHG1YY Good Find They fit my boyfriend good and he really liked them. Good buy at a very good price!I would purchase again.
B001CHG1YY great Keds are very soft,fits true to size.I took dark gray and the colour is perfect,just like on the pic.Leather and quality are good.
B001CHG1YY number 1 best price, good quality, over all very happy.
B001CHG1YY Great shoes My son loves his new puma shoes. They look very nice with his uniform, and seem to be the same as the more expensive ones at the store. Thanks
B001CHG1YY Cute shoes! I love the color and they're really comfortable. I've worn them about ten times and I would say that they're quality sneakers.
B001CHG1YY great shoes i ordered these for my brother. he was so excited when i gave him the shoes. good quality, perfect fit...i ended up buying one more pair for myself.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes! These keep up with the Puma quality and style I expect from this brand. They are also very soft to the touch and comfortable. I have 6 different pair of Puma shoes and wish I had the money to buy more.
B001CHG1YY Four Stars Overall quality is excellent.
B001CHG1YY Old School Cool Old school at its best!  Fatty laces were a welcome addition. I wore these in High School and they still are way cool.
B001D1DV6A GOOD BUY THE PRODUCT IS OF HIGH QUALITY BY CODE THAT IS GOOD BUY, ARRIVED IN YOUR CASH WITHOUT scratches, TOTALLY NEW, IF THAT IS THE OFFERING IN THE PAGE, very versatile, I LIKE TO END IS ORIGINAL.
B001DEYQIY Puma Hoodie Great Purchase The hoodie was great quality and a reasonable price. I would definately recommend this product.
B001E1EJ1U absolutely love it i bought these for my 6 year old for the new term and immediately upon opening the packaging i loved it....looks very high quality and durable
B001EIJJN6 Great Quality Great Quality T for the price. Arrived quickly and no issues. I think I am going to get a red one now!
B001F7AJTO Great comfortable shoe for toddlers I ordered these shoes for my 19 month old son and he loves him. He has to wear shoes at daycare all day so I wanted to get him something comfortable. I ordered him these, very exceptional quality and very comfortable. They remind me of a stylish leather sock. Awesome shoes!
B001F7AK3E Bought for style My son loves these shoes, and we have bought a number of pairs for him, but they really don't last and don't offer much support.  I'd say they lasted 6 months or regular wear.
B001F7AKX4 9 year old loves these! Good sneaker - quality seems good, they are holding up to my 9 year old and he loves them.
B001F7AZNO It's not Puma, it's Pimp :-) Nice quality and light shoes for my baby son. Definately more for show then real use, but it doesn't mean that the baby can't wear them for daily use. It's also a great gift for a baby's father who's into cars :-)
B001H0FBCY crap I bought these shoes for my son and after the first day wearing them, they already show signs of wear....after a week, they look like he's been wearing them for a year.  I'm sure he is rough on them, but jeez.  I wouldn't buy these again.
B001H0FFQG Awesome Shoe These shoes are perfect. They shipped in 2 days and they are the most comfy shoes I've ever had. They look great and i got a good price on them. Awesome shoes!
B001H0FHWI Beautiful sneaker This was one of the best choices I could make. These shoes look great, the quality of its material is excellent.
B001KW0I36 Cute shoes They are very cute. True to size and were promptly delivered. My ONLY complaint is that the pearl white color on the shoes flaked off and scuffed immediately. My daughter only got to wear these cute shoes a couple of times before they had to be "PLAY SHOES"
B001LDKRFI Puma Agile Pant Bought these for my 10 year old for back to school - nice quality good fit.
B001OOMNDI Love the shoes....quality not so much I ordered these shoes becuase I needed a pair to wear for casual. The shoes came and they looked amazing...exactly like the picture showed! But, however, after wearing them for only a few weaks, major rips and frays appeared on the sides and near the top of the shoe! I loved the shoes, but was very diappointed at the quaility of them.
B001OOMT3M Nice shoes!!! I bought these shoes for my daughter and she simply loves them. They look very neat on her, very stylish...
B001OOMT3M Poor Quality I bought these shoes for work about twelve days ago. I work 40 hours a week in a low volume retail environment and generally do a lot of standing around. The tongues rubbed against my ankles and left red, dry marks on both of my ankles; the soles were never comfortable to begin with and gradually became more and more uncomfortable for my heels; squatting down was impossible with these shoes, as the toe up to mid-foot is stiff and generally took all twelve days to "break in"; and, finally, just today, I noticed that the sole was separating from the top of one of the shoes. I filed a return with Amazon and expect to have the shoes far, far away from me by Friday. I won't pay $60 for shoes that last less than two weeks.I'm very disappointed, as my last pair of Pumas - bought from Shi by Journey - lasted two and a half years at the same job and still feel great when I wear them out biking.Do not buy these shoes.
B001OOMXTW Cool shoes I love these as they're comfortable, affordable and fashionable.  The shoelaces are also high quality and have good padding for the soles.  Nuff said.
B001OOMYDM Puma Men's tennis shoes The shoes were fine.  I bought them for my son and he likes them.
B001OONDM8 Very good quality product Very good quality product, the seller is very attentive and responsible. I recommend it 100%.
B001QXC7R4 High Quality Construction Bought the jacket in large size and it fits my 42R frame perfectly. The construction is of a high quality and looks very fashionable as I consider exercising in it.
B001RJLWC8 Favorite running pants The fabric is very lightweight and stays cool even in long runs, I already got one of each color, great product and value.
B001VH6TOW NICE!!!!!!!!!! I bought these as a gift and they are lovely, nice quality, the shoe looks much better in real life.
B001VH80JE Amazing Shoes These shoes are awesome and are high quality. They are very comfortable and look great. The shine isn't too overwhelming and looks good. The shoes are durable and dont get dirty easily. I got some ketchup on them the first day and they rubbed right off and did not stain. Worth the price, buy it.
B001VH84JK Nice shoes! This shoes is not that expensive but has good quality ! its really light. I don't feel that I am wearing shoes when I use it!
B001VH87KQ Excellent shoes Excellent shoes, full soft, I'm totally satisfied, recommend, and good service from Amazon, I got so commissioned.
B001VKXF6O My son loves these shoes Great look!  Great feel!  Came at a good price.  This product was what he wanted and what he got!
B001VKXTLU Great shoes! Perfect fit for my son's very wide feet.  My son is very active, athletic, and extremely hard on his shoes.  These have lasted longer than his Nike and New Balance shoes ever have.  He's actually wearing down the sole of the shoes prior to ripping the soles away from the tops.  They are very well made.  I have been very pleased with these shoes and highly recommend them.
B001VKXX20 I fell for it so you don't have to Don't buy these shoes! Shoes fit well but the white plastic front and plastic back looked dark in color and scraped up after only A FEW HOURS of  careful wear. Nothing you can do to make them look better because its made of plastic which is easily stained and marred. I don't buy shoes strictly for the looks but it would be nice to have a pair of shoes that looked new for awhile. These won't! Ive worn them for a total of about 16 hours now and they already look horrible. Only a sucker would buy these shoes. I would know, i bought them.
B001VKXX20 great shoe! These shoes are awesome! They look really nice and sharp. I've only worn them for a couple of days but so far so good. They are comfortable enough for waking around but I don't know how good they would be for running. Overall, one of the best looking pair of sneakers I've ever owned.
B001VKXX20 Good Look, but not so good Performance The shoes is a good looking shoes as expected. But the performance is not as good. Plus water gets into the shoes if you are walking into the wet area.
B001VKXX20 Great shoes I totally forgot I even bought these, it's been years ago. Anyways these shoes are awesome, the only downside is that the plastic molding over the toe comes undone rather quickly.
B0023NU2XW Nice shoes.. very light weight Our son loves these shoes. They are so lightweight and look so cool. He mentions that the shoes is light weight and allows him to run faster than before.
B0023NU6T2 Nice shoes for my boy I purchased this shoes for my 8-year old boy.I had purchased shoes of the same brand for him a couple of times in the past.The brand has proven to be consistent in delivering a good quality product.My child has always enjoyed his Puma shoes, mainly because of the looks and style.The quality of the finish and looks of the shoes are good.The materials and construction seem pretty solid.I consider I got a fair value for the money.
B0023NV4NY Great looking shoe! My 13 yr old daughter fell in love with these and I got them for her for her birthday last year. They are very cute shoes. I've even worn them a couple of times as our feet are the same size. My daughter was a kids 4 1/2 -5 and I got the big kids 5 1/2.
B0023NVE1G Good for skinny feet too My son got these for Christmas and I love them.  At one year old he is only 18lbs so I have found that alot of shoes are just too wide.  The velcro going in opposite directions helps to be able to make them tighter and makes getting them on easy too.
B0023NVE1G Great Shoes I got these sneakers for my 2 year old niece for Christmas and she absolutely adores them.  She wears them everyday!Thank You!!
B00260HL54 Good price.. regualar quality Really i bought very cheap. but I think puma had best quality in this product as other products
B0029NYACA very good product I bought this for my niece and she loved it... good and complete product, good quality for a very good price
B0029NYAES Good Product I bought this for my sister and she loved it... good and complete product, good quality for a very good price
B0029NYAHK love puma It's just awesome!Good design and great quality,enough space for 15.6" laptop and other stuff. Also durable.Big fan of Puma's bags!
B002C4K9LC it' a shoe What more can you ask for.  It was inexpensive.  It covers my feet.  It is relatively comfortable.  Probably won't last longer than six months, but what shoe does anymore.  Even $100 shoes fall apart in 6 12 months so why spend that much when you can get this for $40 and hope it last a year.
B002ECFBUQ Love Love my shoes. I love buying shoes, puma is my favorite brand of shoes an I got them for a good price
B002EENI40 Good value I usually buy these shoes for about $60+ so finding it at this price during the sale was great. Fits good and materials are good quality as well. Thanks!
B002EENI40 Really comfortable This shoes looks great my girlfriend and I love it. Great deal for the money!Don't doubt it but it! :D
B002EENI40 What a nice pair of shoes! Excellent pair of shoes, very good quality and looks great. Puma increasingly improving their designs. highly recommended, good price and excellent quality
B002EENI40 Yes and no Love the look and super comfortable. Got tons of compliments.But have never had a pair of shoes wear out so fast.Lining started wearing out within a month and then the sole cracked not long after that.Very disappointed as I expect better from Puma. Have had others last for years.
B002EENI40 Just as promised! My son loves these shoes.  True to size, very comfortable and shipped quickly. We would definitely purchase here again. Excellant quality and service.
B002EENI40 Love these!! As Advertised.  Fast Shipping from amazon to Switzerland!! Good fit and high quality from Puma.  I had already had these from a year ago and needed some new ones.
B002EENI40 Horrible The shoes are all wrinkled on the sides after 1 wear unbelievable I wouldn't purchase these shoes if it was for free worst buy ever from amazon.
B002EL3INY Great shoes! I'm a 21-year-old woman, and I own these in 7M. An adult wearing kid shoes? Crazy, right?Well, I love them. They're absolutely perfect for everyday wear. I've had these for about a year now, and they're holding up extremely well for the amount of work I've done on them. PUMA sure does make an excellent quality shoe! Definitely buy these for your kids...or for yourself, if you can fit! :)
B002EL3KQE cool shoes My son loved these shoes so we got him another pair.. Good light up shoes for an older boy (6 years old) without all the cartoon characters.. Love that they are not white and dorky!  Wish they made them in tie shoes though so I gave it a 4...
B002EL3KQE Such a COOL shoe! My five-year old son has been wanting a pair of "light up" shoes for a very long time and I thought these would make a nice treat for starting kindergarten.  I was SO RIGHT! These shoes earned me a coolest mommy award for sure.  Based on other reviews, I ordered up a size and the fit was just about perfect (with room to grow).  Pumas have a "kinder fit" system showing where the kiddos toes should hit - leaving about an inch of space in front of the toes.  At first I thought the shoes seemed a little too big, but my son assured me they were great, and I like that he will be able to wear them for a while.  We just received the shoes last night, so I can't speak to how long the lights will last...but they are super bright and work perfectly.  The solid color pumas not only light up but show the skeleton of the puma - totally like nothing I have ever seen before.  What a great effect! I promise that you will not be disappointed with this purchase. The shoes seem to be made a nice quality materials too.  (For the record, we ordered the orange/white ones in a size 13.5 - my son currently measures between a 12.5 and 13.)
B002EL3KQE High quality! Great shoe that satisfied the boys by lighting up and the mom, with great quality! Not cheap like other light up shoes.
B002EL3KQE OMG My three year old daughter LOVES these shoes.  They are a &#34;slim&#34; fit.  I ordered a 9, when she wears an 8 in most shoes (8 1/2 in some sandals).  I was thinking they would make a good Christmas gift.  Decided to let her wear them now because I was afraid she would outgrow them.  Besides that, they are well made (sturdy) and, most importantly to a three-year old) super cool.
B002EL3KQE Finally shoes that both my son and I can agree to Light up boy's shoes that I can deal with.  Not too childish and stylish enough for my 4 yo.  Nice construction.
B002EL3KQE good ones (editing after 1 and half months) -its just ok These are cute shoes.adv:lightweight even with lights :) .While most other shoes with lights are heavy.disadv:Runs small. We had to replace with the next size .good for narrow feet.This might be the first set of shoes my son was ready to wear within a day.Other wise we always have to attract him to the new shoes which takes almost 2-4 days.Edit:No lights on both shoes .
B002EL3KQE not lasting I got these shoes for my 6 year old son because he LOVED the colors, design and the light-up puma on the side. I searched high and low for these shoes and payed way too much for the use we really got out of them. They lasted about a month. The materials are not very forgiving and with wear, they began to hurt and bother his feet. Big huge stiff crease and fold line on the top at the base of the Velcro where his toes bend to walk and with each step it pinched. Almost a stiff plastic feel. You cant return them unless they are not worn and still have tags on them :(needless to say we had to get another pair of shoes. Bought some $20 airwalks and they have already lasted 3x as long.
B002EL3KQE So adorable My son loves these shoes! The leather and stitching appear to be good quality. The light-up Puma on the side actually shows a faint feline skeleton in person.  Note that these do run small; toddler size 7 shoes generally are a little tight on my son (he would wear 7.25 if that existed), but the size 8 in these fit perfectly.
B002EL3KQE Perfect My son loves these shoes, they are the only shoes he wants to wear. He loves that the puma lights up
B002EL3KQE They look great, not childish, but my 4 year old loves the lights These are a quality shoe that looks great on my little boy.  The velcro holds great and they fit exactly as expected.  The Puma on the side flashes as he walks which just thrills him.  I have purchased Puma in the past for my older boys, these are built to last.
B002EL3KQE Love the shoes Our son loves the illuminescent shoes, but more importantly they fit perfectly. We did have to send back after a few months when the lights stopped working, however Amazon's service was perfect in handling for a hassle free swap. They are sturdy and will wear well. They are easier to clean than the shade or leather shoes, so we prefer this material for kids, since they will beat them up quickly.
B002EL3KQE Good Shoe Like the Puma brand. Nice with jeans or dress up. Good colors.  I bought these shoes for my 3yr. old twin Grandsons. They have wore them every day
B002EL3KQE Lights, camera, action My son LOVES his PUMA light up shoes!! They are easy to get on and off. We have had the shoes for about 5 months so far and my son wears them almost everyday, he is 5 and very active. The shoes have held up great and still are looking like new. We purchased them in our sons normal size.. but realized they run small (which we read after we got them). Amazon quickly shipped out the next size up and we've been happy with them. My son wanted light up shoes, but the only ones we could ever find were the ones with cartoon characters on them.. thank goodness we found these. The light up actually is quite bright on the shoes, and it shows up as a puma skeleton when he steps.. pretty rad!
B002EL3KQE Not good for heavy use We bought them in february of 2014 and used them bike riding and i noticed the orange in front peeling off from use. Also the bottom wore really quick, i tend not have good luck with Nike products. I wanted to give these a try since they were cheap, i would not buy these again. They do still light up but i am more interested in a shoe that doesnt fall apart after a couple months use. I would recommend new balance .
B002EL3KQE My son loves these We had these in the white/navy blue and my son outgrew them so we bought this one. He loves his light up shoes!!
B002EL3KQE My daughter loves them This was the first &#34;real&#34; sneaker we purchased for my daughter. She used to wear sandals and it appeared her feet had an inward pronation (I think I am saying that right). After wearing these for a few weeks her ankles look much better and she loves the shoes. We didn't even realize they light up until we purchased them.
B002EL3KQE Super cute but not good quality These shoes are super cute, light on the side works very well, and lasts a long time.  However, the quality is not up to Puma's name. We've only had it for 3 months, and my daughter does not wear it all the time. The Velcro strip is already starting to peel off from the shoes. Also I found that the tongue is designed very low, sometimes it's hard to squeeze the baby's feet into the shoes without loosen up the Velcros all the way.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes! These shoes were amazing. My 3 year old loves them and how they light up. They do have trouble lighting up when he walks normal but he's pretty small. If he stomps they light up very well. He loves the bright colors! We will definitely be buying more as he outgrows these. I love that they are the traditional light up shoes as well
B002EL3KQE Favorite shoes When these light up, a puma skeleton is illuminated. Very cool. They fit well, flash well, and overall appear to be made well. These are my 3-year-old son's new favorite shoe!
B002EL3KQE love these shoes! Great shoes!!  My son loves the light up puma!  Very cute shoes and are wearing very nicely!!  I would recommend!
B002EL3KQE Excelent product My child is 6 years old, he is very fussy about the shoes, he really liked this tennis and lights are fun
B002EL3KQE Nice Shoes! First I have to say that amazon has amazing customer service! Someone stole the original shipment of the shoes from my front porch. I called and spoke to someone from amazon and they replaced it the next day for nothing, no questions asked! So easy! My son loves the shoes too. He loves stoping around and making them light up. I highly recommend them.
B002EL3KQE Great shoe This is the second year we bought these shoes. My son loves the light up and they are stylish and comfortable
B002EL3KQE great shoes! My 4 year old loves his new light-up shoes.  We are very happy with them.  The colors are great, they are comfortable, etc. He wears them every day.  Despite a great deal of puddle-stomping, they still work well.
B002EL3KQE ADORABLE !!! Great quality , can't go wrong buying these worth every penny ... My daughter LOVES how the puma lights up when she runs . I love the pastel colors very girly and no complaints that the gym shoes bother her that's the most important thing!! I'll definitely buy again .
B002EL3KQE Best light up shoes for kids My 4yr old wanted light up shoes and these Puma Speeder are more stylish than other kid light up shoes.  The light on one of the shoes did stop working after a few months. I still give it 5 stars because they seem comfortable for my son, they're easy to put on, decent material quality, and most importantly he loves the shoes.
B002EL3KQE Excellent Choice Absolutely excellent quality.  Very flexible and durable with attractive look.  A little bit expensive but worth it. No regrets at all.
B002EL3KQE Very Confortable Shoes! My son (5 years old) loves these shoes. They are easy to fit because their wider design. Very resistent material to be used everyday at school.
B002EL3KQE Puma Light Up Shoes My son loves the shoes and I am happy with the quality and style of them. Just a little pricey for toddler shoes.
B002EL3KQE Love this shoe! Love these shoes. My daughter has been asking for quite awhile for lighted shoes. The only ones I had see prior to these had princesses or characters on them. I don't like that. These were perfect! The skeleton on the Puma is classic!We've only had them a few weeks, but these seem very well made. It's too bad kids grow out of their shoes so fast bc it seems they'd last a long time.
B002EL3KQE Fits smaller than normal My 4-year old loves light up shoes, but the majority of the shoes that light up are garish and simply look ridiculous.  At least with these Pumas my kid can have his light up shoes while looking stylish!  The shoe is well constructed , velcro straps work as expected, and the shoe flexes very well.  The light up pattern on the Puma is the skeleton, which my kid thought was &#34;awesome!!&#34;Fit is a bit smaller than other shoes, so buy a size larger than usual and you'll be fine.  We were sad when my son outgrew these shoes.
B002EL3KQE My 4 year old son loves these!!! Fanastic!!  These are comfortable, fashionable a great brand, good price, durable and they light up.  He loves these!!  He calls them his &#34;new pumped up kicks&#34;
B002EL3KQE Threads starting coming out! Within the very first week, the threads started coming out. I did not expect this from a PUMA shoe. Would not recommend buying this.
B002EL3KQE 4 year old loves them - Good quality They may run a bit small.  It's hard to tell because my son's feet grow so quickly. If you take out the sole and have your kid step on it you are given a very helpful outline to show if they fit.  Very cool and a lot better than pushing down on the toe to check. If it doesn't fit, no one does returns or exchanges better than Amazon. The puma doesn't flash orange as a whole, it is a white puma skeleton inside the orange puma that flashes.  A little scary but my son loves them.  The material is soft and well made.  I definitely would recommend them.
B002EL3KQE Perfect for my 1 year old Fits perfectly, great quality. Flexible enough and light for my one year old to walk!!!no laces wich is perfect for security and practical purpose!Aside the lighting is the joy for children and the design is great!
B002EL3KQE Love them! I have several pairs of these in different colors for my two boys, 4 & 6 years old.  They love them!  They are good quality and more attractive than the usual light up shoes.  I paid $50 for the first pair on Zappos, so amazon is a much better deal.
B002EL3KQE My Son love it I bought those shoes to my son who's 6. He loved them, he wants to wear them all the time. did not know it came with lights was a surprise for my son
B002EL3KQE Great fit and quality Easy for a 4 year old to get off/on herself. My daughter, who loves jaguars (she thinks the puma is a jaguar), loves how the shoes light up and &#34;make me run fast!&#34; The light is nice and bright too.
B002EL3KQE Very cute shoes My 4 year old loves her shoes -- especially the light up pumas. I like the welll lined straps -- most Velcro straps break down because they're not well backed and they usually break before the shoes wear out. Hopefully, these will see it last longer than the Champion brand shoes have.
B002EL3KQE Kids think they're cool! I bought two pairs of this shoe for my grandsons and they love them. The puma lights up with an image of the puma's skeleton, which is a big hit with them and their friends. The 4 yr-old says they are creepy AND cool! Funny.Their parents appreciate the ease of getting the shoes on and off with the velcro straps. Importantly, the quality of the Puma shoe is excellent and a great value as well. There will definitely be more Puma shoes in their future.
B002EL3KQE WONDERFUL for the price My son and I absolutely loved these shoes (daddy too).  They were easy to put on, clean and lightweight.  Our son loved them because the puma lights up, so he would stomp around making them light up. Great shoes for the price.
B002EL3KQE My son really likes these. I've never bought Puma shoes before, but I really liked the look of these.  My 3 year old son wants to do everything for himself, so the straps on these were a must.  He wanted something that would light up and I wanted a shoe that goes with everything. These are really cute and my son is thrilled with how the puma lights up.  We both got what we wanted!
B002EL3KQE Loves em My 4 year old loves these shoes! What kid doesn't love light up shoes? He thinks they're super cool bc u see the puma's skeleton light up! I think all pumas run a little narrow, FYI. Cute shoes!
B002EL3KQE Kids love it! My son loves the shoes. Its light-up makes it really a must have thing for them. Its design is also very cool.
B002EL3KQE cute, but not our favorite We bought these for our four year old son last year and he is still wearing them. (they were a little bit big for him when we bought them) Pumas have been the best shoes for him, but these are not our favorite. The biggest problem with them is that he has a narrow foot, but the shoe is pretty wide at the heel. They don't fall off of him, but they're a lot more bulky around the heel than the other Pumas he's had. I think this makes them less comfortable for him than they should be.One other minor disappointment is that the green color has scraped or worn off the light-up puma emblems pretty easily. They haven't worn as well as most of the Pumas we've had.For those of you who are wondering, they came through a gentle wash cycle just fine. We've done it twice without harming the flashy puma.
B002EL3KQE Attractive shoe, light up Puma is nice feature but quality is poor for this price It is an attractive shoe. My son loved it at first sight. The light up Puma is a nice feature. But after wearing it to school only 3-4 times, the orange part of the toe is already wearing off and showing the material underneath. Expected much better quality from Puma and at this price. Will not buy again.
B002EL3KQE Great Price, Love these! These shoes are so adoreable. They are of good quality and can be cleaned off with a wet cloth. To my surprise they even light up. I had no idea but it was a great addition to a great shoe. My daughter loves them and didnt want to take them off.
B002EL3KQE Awesome shoes Purchased these for my 7 year old for his school shoes. I am pleased to report almost two months later the lights still work and the shoes haven't disengrated yet.
B002EL3KQE Puma light-up shoes My son LOVES these shoes!  He is four and cries when I will not let him sleep in them!Melissa from SC
B002EL3KQE We all like these shoes My kids both love the shoes , between my son and my daughter , they have 5 pairs of these shoes in different colors. They do run small tho, I always have to order At least one full size up. Great quality and design
B002EL3KQE Sneakers that last My son is hard on his shoes BUT Pumas last the whole year!! They are worth the money! I will continue to buy Puma!
B002EL3KQE My son loves them These were the only &#34;light up&#34; shoes I would purchase for my son. I am totally against character light up shoes because they just look cheap. Unfortunately, after about 3 months one of the shoes just stopped lighting up. Luckily, my son isn't really bothered by this.
B002EL3KQE Great sneaker that lights up BUT the front is already worn off in less than 2 weeks! The shoe was worn in less than 2 weeks and not consecutively and the front of the shoe is wearing off big time now.My son isn&#8217;t even rough with the shoe. I&#8217;m highly disappointed in Puma with putting a cute pair of sneakers out but not durable or long lasting at all.It is easily damaged!
B002EL3KQE Best sneakers EVER!! I love the sneakers SOOOOO much that after my 3 yr old son grew out of his old one I bought them again in the next size up, in 2 different colors!! They're comfortable, stylish, & last a long time even with the wear & tear of a 3 yr old boy!! My son LOVES them & constantly asks to only wear his favorite light up pumas. The sizes run a tiny bit small, especially if they have a wide foot. Great buy, I recommend them for anyone looking for great cool sneakers every single time!!
B002EL3KQE My son loves, but back tab coming off after one month We have had these shoes for one month and my son wears them every day. These are expensive but we have had trouble with his shoes falling apart very quickly so thought we would try these. The style and fit are great, and the light-up Puma is really cool. However, the navy blue tab on the heel is coming off on one shoe. If the rest of the shoe holds up then not that big of a deal. We will either try to glue or just cut off that piece.
B002EL3KQE My Son's favorite My son is 19 months old and already has a preference for Puma sneakers. They are comfortable for him, with the right amount of bend on the sole and support. He loves that these light up!
B002EL3KQE Great Shoes! Love these sneakers for my 5 year old son and he loves them too! These were his shoes for his first day of Kindergarten.
B002EL3KQE Awesome look; bad quality Our son loves the shows, we do too. The lights quit working in less than 3 weeks. The quality is not great. They showed visible weariness in 10 days. However, those were the only lightening shoes on the US market that we were able to find that did not compromise with our taste. They are stylish and it&#8217;s pleasure to look at them. They are very light.
B002EL3KQE Not good if your kid drags his feet! Adorable shoes, without question!  My problem with them is that the leather on the toe is very soft so within a month, my son has worn holes in both shoes.  Probably not an issue unless your kid drags his feet like mine.  His Nikes & Adidas seem to be a lot more durable.
B002EL3KQE Toddler shoes Good toddler shoe that is fun for kids since they light up. Good quality for cost. They wear nicely for a rough toddler boy.
B002EL3KQE my daughter loves  them I bought these for my daughter for indoor shoes at school and she loves them. She loves how they light up on the side and although she knows how to tie her shoes she enjoys the velcro. Good fit and will buy the next size up probably soon.
B002EL3KQE good buy Very good quality 18 month old daughter loves to wear her light up shoes and its easy to keep track of her when the lights go out
B002EL3KQE light up feature quit after one day Shoes look great, fit great (order up one size) but the thing my son loved the most was making the puma light up. Unfortunately after one day of use one puma is dead.....very inexcusable for such expensive shoes!!
B002EL3KQE Wore out a little too quick One of the velcro strips ripped last week.  The shoe still looks basically brand new after 4 months of use.  Don't think that should happen but gave 3 stars because my 6 year old absolutely &#34;loved&#34; these shoes and cried when they broke.  I got a pretty good deal on them but wouldn't pay more than $20 for them because my kid didn't even have a chance to outgrow them.  We typically buy See Kai Run and never had a problem with quality like these shoes.
B002EL3KQE Great shoes I bought this shoes for my 2.5 year old son. They are flexible yet stable. The light-up puma is great, and actually has an image of the puma skeleton when illuminated. The shoes go on easily and appear to be quite comfortable. My son loves to wear them.
B002EL3KQE Coolest shoes ever! Words from a 4 year old.  He loves his new Puma Light Up Sneakers and so do all of his pre-school friends.
B002EL3KQE Super cute and great for even the littlest runners! My son was 18 months old when I first purchased these for him and we couldn't be happier with this purchase. The shoes are light weight and don't cause any tripping as some other shoes have with him. Added super awesome bonus are the light up Puma's on the side that display a skeleton. Even my 4 year old daughter was envious. ;)
B002EL3KQE loos great! Looks great and fits snug. My five year old loved it! The qualitt is also great. I was very pleased.
B002EL3KQE Not what I expected My son LOVES his Pumas. They could have been made a little better and as much as he says they're fine, after 4 months of wearing them they're still extremely stiff. The lights went out after about 2 months of him wearing them to school which is kind of a big bummer and that's with him avoiding all water. They look great, but they lack quality. For the price I paid, they should've been a bit better.
B002EL3KQE PUMA shoes LOVE these shoes almost just as much as my 2 year old does. I listened to the other reviews and sized up. My son is usually a 7W and I got an 8 and they fit perfect. Easy to take on and off and the fact that they light up is a bonus! This is his first pair of PUMA shoes and I definitely recommend and would buy again.
B002EL3KQE Loves these shoes! We bought thses shoes for my 3 year old son and he loved them! We were sad when he grew out of them. I wish I would have purchased more in bigger sizes. Once he grew out of them, they were no longer available. They were comfortable for him, had great traction & were nice & light.
B002EL3KQE Coolest shoes on the playground, don't work after one month : ( Update: not a month later and one shoe does not light up anymore. Not cool.I ordered these for my son, because the light up puma skeleton is the coolest ever! When my order was almost done the name of the colors says something like violet/princess blue (it just said blue on the original description) so I almost cancelled it. I'm glad I didn't because the blue has not a hint of purple to it, it's a nice royal blue. I ordered a size bigger knowing that Pumas run small and narrow, so they fit ok. The Velcro is a little short since my son has wider feet. We still love them! Really happy with the price which is significantly lower than the current model in stores. Minus one star because the blue has slightly worn off on the edge of the puma already.
B002EL3KQE nice shoes I've been buying pumas for years thanks to my 13 year old sons preference for them and I knew going in that pumas run a little small compared to nike or reebok, but knowing that I adjusted and my 5 year old loved these shoes. the puma on the side lights up, he says they make him faster, and they will be good for a few months until he out grows them :)
B002EL3KQE These shoes are just great Kids loves these shoes, are really fun, high quality made and comfortable for children, don't hesitate buy these and you'll see i'm right
B002EL3KQE Light up Puma These Puma's are great shoes. My daughter loves how the &#34;kitty&#34; lights up when she steps down. The shoes look great, and fit her well. True to size. Great quality that she'll outgrow before she wears them out. Definitely recommend.
B002EL3KQE Disappointed in quality The quality of these shoes for the price is just not there.  The velcro closures are not long enough and the velcro was covered in fuzz within a day.  They also run small.
B002EL3KQE My son loved them!! They have been a big hit around my household.  I got them for my two year old after he saw a little girl with light up shoes.  So glad puma made some stylish ones for boys (I'm not a huge fan of superhero light up shoes).  The little pumas on the sides not only light up, but it lights up as a puma skeleton which looks really neat!
B002EL3KQE My Son loves them. I ordered these because I wanted my son to have a decent pair of shoes. I didn't realize they light up. Now that we have them I am so glad we made this purchase. He loves them, and they are made with great quality in mind, Thanks!
B002EL3KV4 kids pumas My son and I both love the shoes!He wanted light up shoes and I wanted him to have name brand.  So now we're both happy. :)
B002EL3LMW Puma Little Kid Sneakers I ordered these shoes for my four-year-old. They are a nice-looking shoe but the durability is not what I expected.  He wears them sparingly so I expected them to last him awhile. A couple months after purchasing them, I noticed the toe seam was starting to unravel.  These shoes were a thumb width larger than he needed so this shouldn't have been an issue.
B002EL3LZE cute shoes My daughter has only worn these a couple times so far, but they are super cute. I ordered the size she normally wears, and they fit great. The quality seems nice--only time will tell for sure!
B002EL3LZE Love it My son loves these shoes he says they are comfortable and fit him good.  Good for teaching him how to tie his own shoes too
B002EL3LZE Excellent Quality It's soft and solid, perfect for my 5 year old! Very stylish look and it matches well with Spring/Summer outfits.
B002EL3MCQ good price and nice sneakers Very nice sneakers for one of my boys&#8230;.He uses them frequently and they are like new, very recommended for price-quality.
B002EL3MCQ my son like it new style... and easy to wear i love puma logo in the front of it with good quality and my kid like it .
B002EL3MCQ great lighting deal very happy with my purchase. good quality shoe and it looks pretty cool too! velcro makes it easy for me to get it on and off my kid
B002EL3MCQ PUMA Tune Cat B V Fashion Sneaker Excellent!!. These shoes are very comfortable. My daughter really likes these shoes and I love how they look. They are beautiful and versatile. she put them with a dress and look so cute. Excellent quality. They fit very well. I am very happy with my purchase.
B002EL3MCQ Great Shoes I love these shoes. They are very light and flexible. My son is very active, and usually the toes on his shoes get all scratched, but not these sneakers. He has been wearing them for three months and they still look great.
B002EL3MCQ puma shoe Love these shoes...it is very easy for my son to change into them for gym class at school by himself.
B002EL3MCQ Love these shoes! Well worth the money!! These shoes are very nice.  Basically, what you see is what you get.  They are comfortable and can last a long time my son has them and I am able to pass them down to my next one.  I would definitely recommend them to a friend.
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoes for my boy I purchased this shoes for my 6-year old boy.The style is really nice.I liked the colors combination very much.The quality of the finish and looks of the shoes are good.The materials and construction seem pretty solid.I consider I got a fair value for the money.
B002EL3MCQ Great shoes Easy to put on ...my son loves them they are very comfortable and good looking shoes! good buy...I want to buy more colors
B002EL3MCQ Soft flexible leather great for kids with sensory issues I'm shopping for Fall and immediately come back to where I have been for at least three years now.  Puma on Amazon. First of all, let me say that I try to save money, but after trying shoes from Target and Walmart for my ten-year-old son with sensory issues, this is where I go.Why?  First of all, the shoe works for him.  This particular model is nice soft leather (not every pair of Pumas are leather. . .read the description).  They don't seem to rub, he can pull the Velcro tight enough to get the fit he wants and they both protect his feet and still give him the "feel" of making contact with the ground.  He gets frustrated with laces and this Velcro seems to stay put and not start separating from the leather like some might.  And they last.  I bought two pairs last August (one to wear, one as back-up in case the other needs to go in the wash), and they still look decent many months later.  I have also passed down a couple of pairs to a younger friend and have been amazed to see him wearing them many many months later and the shoes, although looking more worn-out, were still protecting this child's feet.I don't normally pay this kind of money for shoes.  But I started searching for better shoes when my son's kindergarten teacher thought I was an inept mom at fitting my child for shoes when no matter what pair I put on him, he was always miserable.  These have been a blessing, at least for us.  But beware. .  . read the description, the composition of a shoe's parts can change from year to year and not every seller has a decent return policy.  Check on all of this before you buy shoes.  I have looked locally for these shoes and either can not find them or they cost much, much more.  Good luck on finding the right shoe for your kids.  But if you deal with sensory issues with shoes, consider these.
B002EL3MCQ Excellent Product This product is of Excellent quality and termination, My son is very Happy. I will recommend it product and vendor
B002EL3MCQ love my son loves these shoes!!has worn them since he was 6!!Always fit and look good on him!go Puma!
B002EL3MCQ EXCELLENT SHOES FOR KIDS GREAT QUALITY, PRICE, MY CHILDREN LOVE THESE SHOES, I BOUGHT THAT SHOES FOR MY TWO GIRLS BECAUSE THESE ARE VERY COMFORTABLE
B002EL3MCQ simply beautiful shoes Buy these shoes for my 3 year old, are of very good quality, soft, anti-slip soles, my son loved their new shoes. I strongly recommend them.
B002EL3MCQ Nice! Good looking and quality! My son loves it! Will buy a pair of bigger size again when my son grow up!
B002EL3MCQ Great kid shoe! I bought these shoes for a 2 year old and they are great. My son wears them with no complaint, they stand up to his wear & tear and best of all they are easy for me to put on him. Plus they just look cool! Great buy.
B002EL3MCQ my son loves them My son loves these shoes he refuses to wear anything else.  They are very comfortable.  I would recommend these shoes for the kids
B002EL3MCQ Nice These were really nice shoes and i've purchased Velcro shoes before and had the velcro rip off after a couple of months. My child wore these for a year, with no problems with the velcro and the shoes fit perfectly
B002EL3MCQ Awesome My 2 year old can put on and take off his shoes on his own thanks to the velcro system. Less work for me and my baby feels like a grown-up! Very stylish shoes. My son wears it up or down, depending on where we're going. They are super comfy and very easy to clean - I wash them in the washing machine. I will keep buying these shoes as my boy grows up. I love them!
B002EL3MCQ Awesome sneakers! My 2 year old LOVES these shoes, but even better, so do I. These are easy to get on and off, great quality, and definitely worth the money. I was skeptical spending this much on a pair of shoes he would soon grow out of, but I have been very happy with the shoes!! Worth it.
B002EL3MCQ PUMA Tune Sneakers These are a Christmas present for my granddaughter.  They look like quality shoes and she will love the colors.Marilyn D.
B002EL3MCQ Cool shoes My 4 years old son loves this shoes! He has couple shoes but he always wants to wear this shoes.
B002EL3MCQ Super cute and material feels durable My 6 year old likes it a lot. The material used are durable and have with stood quite a bit of abuse in the parks but still going strong. Usually my 6yr old's shoes last for 3-4 months with all the playing, this one feels like will last for 6-8 months. Happy so far.
B002EL3MCQ Worth every penny Bought these for my 23 month old and I have to say they are so adorable and they fit him perfect I see nothing wrong with these shoes definitely will be buy from here again!!!!!!
B002EL3MCQ Awesome looks, great fit! We got the most compliments for this toddler sneaker, compared to any of the others we've bought so far!It's very stylish, just what you'd expect from a brand like puma..even for toddler shoes!We love it's fit and my daughter loves wearing it. She used to resist wearing her older crib shoes..but she seems to love walking around in these.The velcro quality is great and keeps the shoe in place. It's strong enough that my daughter (who's 16 months old) can't pull it off.Highly recommend it.
B002EL3MCQ Note to self... Oops! I forgot that a two year old probably should not wear white shoes to school...Nonetheless, I love how they fit her. I especially love that they are Velcro. I am a steadfast believer that young kids who do not know how to tie their shoes should only wear Velcro or some type of shoe that they can slip on and off. I also like how there are two sections of Velcro to close. They are in opposite directions; a perfect learning opportunity for kids to understand &#34;opposites&#34;.
B002EL3MCQ Love these shoes These shoes last my son until he need a new size. They are easy to take on and off and are very comfortable for him.  They are also nice looking shoes
B002EL3MCQ Light and great fit These are well made shoes and I really liked them. The velcro on alternate sides is unique. Some of the stitches in the front came off after they were worn once or twice. I wish that they some how make the thread last longer.  I had the same problem with other shoes but not this soon.  On the other hand, when the kid drags his shoes on concrete, I'm not sure anything will hold up.  Still I feel that the product deserves four stars, especially when buy at a good discount.
B002EL3MCQ My son loves these! These came fast and look good on my 4 year old. He thinks because they are PUMA they help him run faster. Light weight and no shoe laces. Can't go wrong with PUMA. Your baby will be happy and you will be the cool mom:-)
B002EL3MCQ Nice shoes with funky shoe box/bag Bought this for my seven year old and he loves them.  They offer great grip indoors.  Soft supple leather and fairly wide, which is good for my son.
B002EL3MCQ LOVE THESE I have a tall just turned 5 year old with larger than a normal 5 year olds feet! We love the lightness and easy on easy off Velcro.  Shoes are hard to find with Velcro in the big kids size. Thanks Puma!!
B002EWWHIU Versatile value for toddler boys. Puma offers quality clothes, but usually not for such reasonable prices. These were a deal. Well made, quality fabric, and an elastic waist designed for little guys. Nothing 'pokey, itchy, or rough'.
B002EZZO6Y puma shoes I received these in good time. They were brand new good quality. Not a lot of support if you are on your feet a lot but still a very nice shoe. I bought these as a gift and they loved them.
B002EZZSN8 great shoe great price I wanted some pumas that would be good for all types of weather. I had some suede ones that were really high maintenance. These came in about a week and they fit very well and look even better than the picture. They are high quality obliviously but feel a bit thin compared to other pumas Ive had in the past. Very nice I highly recommend.
B002G72NJG Quality is fine The quality is fine, it is just smaller than I need it to be, so I had to return it.
B002KAOB9Y BEAUTIFUL SHOES THIS SHOES WERE FOR MY SON, HE LOVE THIS SHOES, USES THEM ALL THE TIME, ARE HAVE A BEUTIFUL LINE. ARE VERY CONFORTABLE.
B002KAOGJE Great Shoe! Until it started to fray So I got these shoes for a great deal, they have a cool design, fit well and are great for slip on shoes. Now these shoes would have gotten a much better review had they not started to fray in the area where other shoes usually form creases. I only walked with these shoes yet they began to disintegrate in less than 3 weeks and now they look a lot less sophisticated and much more bum like. Puma, great design, lousy materials!
B002KAOLGC puma very lightweight shoe. will be good for the summer.  good quality product. very happy with my new shoes! thats it
B002KAOLGC Nice Shoes Pros: Nice style, good quality materialCons: Not for people with really wide feetOverall a nice shoe, good job
B002KAOLGC Very good I was scared when the guy said it would rip they didnt i was looking to waste 70 but i found very good shoes for half of that really happy with the shoes and price
B002KAOLGC Good looking shoe, but a little cheap I bought these shoes roughly 3months ago and to me they look and feel great.  I mainly use these for riding my bike and weight training, so they do take some abuse but nothing too crazy.  I have never ran with these one and usually they have been whorn maybe 3 times a week.  My final thoughts on these is that they do feel great when i wear them, the stability is amazing when i use them to weight train especially any squating type motion, however after about a month or so give or take a week the seam started peeling away, hence the 3 star, other than that the shoes are perfect.
B002KAOLGC Good shoes. I've had them for almost a month ... Good shoes. I've had them for almost a month now. They are great shoes considering the price. Several people have complimented me on them. I have wide feet, so my pinky toe had to do some adjusting the first week. The worst part was probably that the padding was very tough at first, but it breaks in some. Overall, I'm glad with my purchase. I paid around $30 including shipping in the end buying a size 10.5.
B002KAOLGC Nice Looking Shoe, but Doesn't Hold up Like Others To start, I like these shoes and I dont regret buying them. I bought these shoes about 6 months ago. They looked great new, and still look nice 6 months later. None of the colors fade, and the laces are built to last.The bad part about these shoes, and the reason I do not give it a 5 is because the soles of the shoes are not that good. After 6 months the soles have gotten much worse. There are a few holes and the padding has gotten much smaller. The soles are of lower quality than the average shoe.I would still recommend these shoes to anyone who thinks they look good. They are worth the price for the amount of time you get out of them.
B002KAOLGC Nice shoes, but wear down pretty quick I've owned two pairs of these shoes. The shoes in this color and also the grey ones. They look and fit nice, but the rubber soles break down pretty quick and get holes. Not very water resistant at all. For the price, these are pretty nice.
B002KAOLGC Painful The shoes look cool but they dig into the back of my ankles like crazy.  After wearing them for only a couple hours I already have scabs.  Not sure I can wear them again and probably can't return since they've already been worn.  Just my luck I guess.
B002KAOLGC Need better quality Was expecting more. I bought it for my spouse, when he compared the material to the one in store this one we bought on amazon is of inferior quality.
B002KAOLGC Good buy This was a good shoes I love it I can wear it any where on the beach out side doors
B002KAOLGC Great looking shoes My son loves these shoes! Quality, look and comfort are excellent. Can wear casually or for more dressy/ sporty events.
B002KAOLGC Nice sneakers Fit as expected. Nice sneaker. I can't say anything about quality, cause i've already bought it. puma products not bad.
B002KAOLGC Puma Vans They are my sons favorite sneaker so I was happy to find them on Amazon for such a good price , however, the quality of the leather is not that sturdy so if you wear the sneaker very often the material will tear.  Overall, it is a very good shoe.
B002KAOLGC Great looking, but already shoes some sign of wear I have only worn these shoes for 1 day and they are already showing signs of wear. I work in an office but do some field work, but stil am disapointed that they are wrinkled already at the toes. Comfort is great! Please comment on the look, quality is a slight issue.
B002KAOLGC Teenage These are purchased for my teenage son.  He really loves the Puma brand and really likes these shoes.  Thanks again
B002KAOLGC So unsatisfied I bought these shoes about three weeks ago wear them less than ten times and they start to rip already,Plus it's definitely not the same as what it look like online, changed my mind totally about buying shoes online:((
B002KAOLGC GOOD This was a good shoes I love it I can wear it any where on the beach out side doors
B002LH4T5W Excellent Great product for its design, comfort and quality. This model its really comfortable and its weight is almost 0, making it so good for walking.
B002ODEYE4 Nice jacket I got a great deal on this jacket . My son is very happy with its quality . Great value
B002QHW5EO Casual or formal My son wore these shoes with a tux to my brothers wedding, and they looked great.
B002QHW850 Great look Cant go wrong with Puma. These shoes are great and made with quality materials. They have lasted my son a very long time until he grew out of them.
B002RFQJD8 Great, but not great I bought the shoes a couple weeks ago and I had only worn them about three times between then and last week. I play pretty intense so, sure, I have to have strong shoes. With these, one of the spikes ripped off during my second game. They are great shoes, just make sure you run on your toes and try not to make too many sharp cuts! They have good grip, a good weight, and you can shoot very easily in them. My friend got the exact same pair because I recommended them to him. As of now, his spikes are wobbling and may fall off sometime soon. Use them while you can!
B002RFSJD6 super fast shipment excellent quality The shoes arrived several days earlier than i expected and in perfect condition, I've been using the 3 times week since i got them with absolutely no problems.I have zero complaints
B002RFXH06 Son LOVES these shoes! My 13 year old son has wanted these since he tried them on at a Puma booth at a soccer tournament. Because if his growing, the regular price was a bit much to pay. Found them for a great price on Amazon. These shoes are great for him, he used to have to wear arch supports to alleviate Achilles tendinitis but with the heel design and cup, he no longer needs the bulk in his shoe. The shoe is true to size. If they last him through Fall and the upcoming Spring season I will be happy!
B002RG1EGE High Quality Shoes They are not cleats, they are probably for indoor soccer, as they have no traction for grass.They are very narrow so probably get half a size bigger than you normally do.Perfectly fit my feet (despite that one of them is wider than the other).They do make me feel that I can play better.Awesome quality for a very low price.
B002RT8HQ6 PUMA ORIGINAL A good portfolio PUMA LUXURY FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS WHERE IVUS WOMEN WITH ITS BEAUTY AS A GREAT PRODUCT Puma First Round Satchel Handbag, Black.PUMA PURE QUALITY IS THE BEST.
B002TX7FMW nice and comfortable these shoes look nice when wearing them and are comfortable. have not fully tested them in action, but they seem quite strong and quality-made.
B002YD8KIK Execellant i am using these shoes from last 2 years around 2-3 days a week.they fit like, they are custom made for my feet, even after 2 years they look like new.outstanding quality & great fit.
B002YD8KIK love em it has been over a year since i've got this shoes, and i can say that are one of the best shor i've ever had. good quality, endurance, the comfort is awsome. dont have any complain. a must buy shoe. 1000% recomended
B002YD8KIK Outstanding Pumas These shoes are great, they are comfortable, light and feel quality made, I have no doubt they will last a long time. I recommend these.
B002Z12QXQ Good quality not convinient Good quality as everything by Puma, not convinient. The rubber strap is too rough. Will return the product
B002Z12RU8 Not comfortable I am a woman with flat wide feet and these shoes are not for me. They look good, but are not comfortable at all. I only wore them a couple of times and then I trashed them. What a waste of money.
B00303GRQU "A Great Buy" A phenomenal shoe! From it's style to it's presentation when worn is absolutely great! I definitely got my money's worth.....
B00303GSC8 Great shoes I bought a pair of size 6 for my 14 month old son. He has quite big feet for his age, and they fit perfectly. They look great, they're easy to get on and off, and my son happily walks and runs around in them
B00303GXWI Puma Little Kid Hawaii These shoes are bad@ss and my son looked cool as heck in them.  Not much else to really say!
B00303GYB8 Revived Seeing this shoe on amazon and seeing it physically . It look really good . its a very nice shoes . my son love it
B0030BFF5Q The shoes are good quality, but overall not a good purchasing experience I received these shoes 2 weeks before falling very ill. I had worn them, maybe 3 times, just going grocery shopping and soon realized that they were just too narrow for my feet. My illness caused me to be immobile for 5 weeks and another 2 weeks of recuperation left me to doing the bare minimum. About 2 1/2 months after purchasing these shoes, I emailed the seller to explain the situation, asking if I could still return them. I received an email saying that I could not, because it had been too long since purchasing them. I understand that there are policies for a reason, but I am just disappointed that I spent $78 on a pair of shoes that I can't wear. I've since tried wearing them twice, but they are just too small, and I even ordered a 1/2 size bigger because I know Pumas can run small. Cute, well built shoes. Just a disappointing experience.
B00361FQGS Nice jacket Nice jacket with a good quality although it is somehow large & you should go one size down. Good purchase
B0036VNBA6 great shorts Excellent shorts. Very versatile... can even be used for swimming. Be warned that they are pretty long but that doesn't bother me at all. Nice quality, have had them for about a year and had zero problems.
B0037KMNAU Okay Its okay but the product started to tear up only after two weeks I bought it, very dissatisfied. However, the style is very nice.
B0037KMNAU size runs small overall i really like the style and look of those shoes, and let me start by saying i own over 15 pairs of the Puma "el rey" shoes and and 3-5 similar styles to this, all puma. and these were significantly cheaper made than any of the other Pumas i have bought. one thing of note is that they do run a size small because the opening was not well designed and it is about as big around as your ankle, not allowing much room for your whole foot to get in, i had to use a shoe horn and some serious force, and this within the first couple days lead to the VERY THIN leather to tear up both sides of my foot. i have had all of my el rye's for much longer and some for years, and have not had any tearing, but these shoes looked like they were years old after only a couple of weeks and it is possible that at least the tearing around the oppening could have been saved by a size larger. I really love Puma, and again, i am a huge fan of the style and look of these shoe, but honestly i was severely disappointed in the quality of the materials and workmanship.
B0037KMNAU Five Stars Quality is good and as expected
B003BNY8ZQ WOOOH! exceeded my expectations, is elegant, very nice. looks better than it looks in the picture! Puma is a quality brand! I recommend.
B003EE48UM Good Shoe! I purchased this for my teenage son. He really likes this pair of shoes and has worn them for a few months now. They are holding up great and still look terrific. The fit seems to be true to size. He has no complaints.  Adding more to this review: it has been nearly one year and my son is still wearing these shoes. They have worn very well and still look good with a nice worn in look and are not torn. I recommend these for active teens and young adults!
B003EE48UM Great shoes, poor durability Seems a bit of a waste to produce something that doesn't hold up.  The canvas lining used wore through in the heel within a couple of months, and the soles held up for maybe 100km of walking before they wore through.  Great looking shoe, could have been built with better materials to help them last a little longer.
B003EE48UM very nice These shoes are very comfortable and good quality, you can wear all day as they are mild, with any type of clothing, the seller and is in compliance with the established, Thanks AmazonPUMA Benecio Leather Sneaker
B003EE49MY They are fit and very nice I have not wore them yet but everything seems quality and worth the price....................................................Puma is nice and recommend it. .
B003EE49MY Nice shoes for great price I bought these shoes for 28$ ;)What can i say... i like them a lot... they look sharp... good quality.very nice..  good shoes
B003EE6F6C Art of War Looks good. Bought it for my seven year old boy. He is too tough on shoes. Try to explain to a seven year old to be gentle on his shoes, you can't. The biggest wear part is the toe section.
B003EE6F6C Great quality sneakers As our son grows older we buy him the next size up in the Puma Drift Cat range.  Light weight. Good water resistance.  These shoes are durable and last well.Thin sole with good strength but great feel is excellent for young kids.
B003EE6F6C Cute velcros My son, who is 6, knows how to tie his shoes but he hates to. I usually hate velcro shoes because they always look cheap. These are so stylish, easy to get on in the mornings, and have washed well the first 3 times or so. I will say that after the fourth wash, the strings started to look frayed a bit, but there was still no tearing.
B003EE7NPO Good Good shoes, have lasted for about 5 years now. Are worn to hell, but i love them.... Use them for everything. From work to play. These shoes are good. Would not suggest using as a running shoe.
B003EE7SSQ At first I hated them,  now I love them The first day I received those shoes, I was seriously considering returning them. Then, the next 3-4 days, while wearing them, I was annoyed at myself for not having done so. The shoes felt extremely narrow (and I have regular feet) and thus, uncomfortable. If I were to write a review at that time, I would have given one star.But, chance made it that I really needed black sneakers, and so I had to live with it since I had no time for exchanges. A few days later, I had broken into my new shoes and now, I find them just lovely. They are comfortable and do not cause me any pain. Just the opposite! Sure, the beginning wasn't really pleasant, but now, I find them really nice. They are pretty, can be used with a variety of styles, and are of good quality as far as I can tell. And, it turns out, quite comfortable once you set in.I've removed 1 star for two reasons. First, the initial experience which, although it lasted just a few days, really bothered me. Second, because the lighter part of the outer fabric does not seem too durable -- I've had similar shoes in the past, and I believe that within a few months there'll be some serious damage signs on it and, possibly, tears.
B003EE7TSU Fit perfect Super comfortable ! They look great and feel even better. Feel like really good quality shoes and I would recommend anyone buying them.
B003EE7TSU that's what I wanted Well, I can say shortly this is exactly what I needed and what I ordered.quality is very good.
B003EE7V8S Love this shoes! I bought 4 pairs of puma recently and I think these are my favorite of them all. They come with 2 set of laces, blue and white. You can almost feel like they are 2 different shoes with them. If it helps, the shoes look way better on your hands than they do on pictures here on amazon! I got the blue/blue ones. I'm going to wear them for everyday use. They seem to be of good quality, this is my first day of ownership so I can't comment on durability but they do seem well made, though the sole is really thin, don't think they'll last more than a year but who knows. Beautiful and comfy pair of shoes, I recommend them if you like puma's!
B003EE7XGS back to school this is a great shoes it is genuine puma that was one of my concerns buying this there are so many knock off these days son loves it
B003EE7XGS Great Shoes! My son is 22 months and VERY active.  He loves these shoes he wants to keep them on all the time. They are flexible and fit great.  They are SOOOOO easy to wipe clean, with even a baby wipe. I would definitely reccomend these shoes to anyone.
B003EE7XGS gREAT QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE! WE WERE SEARCHING SCHOOL TENNIS SHOES FOR MY DAUGHTER, AND THEY'RE OF GREAT QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE FOR HER! IF I COULD I WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONES WHEN SHE OUTGROWS HER ACTUALLY SHOES.
B003EE9NC0 verry Good I bought this product but is not original is of poor quality, I cheated on the quality of this product cost 20 dollars minimum, this product does not work is of poor quality
B003EE9O4W Great shoes These shoes are great. Love how sturdy they are and the colors are nice too. My son loves them too.
B003EE9O4W My son loves them Bought these for my 8-year-old son and he absolutely loves them. They fit just right, look GREAT and he says they are comfortable. Hopefully they will stand the test of time, as my son is pretty hard on shoes!  For $19.49, I am thrilled with my purchase!!!
B003EE9O4W very good, are of good quality, they are not heavy, my son feels very comfortable with them. I like, yes I recommend
B003EE9O4W Great shoes! Got these for my 2 year old. She loves to run but if a shoe is too "chunky" she trips a lot. These are perfect, not too wide, heavy, or "chunky".
B003EE9O4W Perfect shoes for my 3 year old to wear to Pre-school :) These shoes are very comfortable and very nice quality. I like that they are made with real suede and they are wearing well. Great color to match all of his clothes!
B003EE9O4W My 3 year old loves these! My son usually hates getting new shoes but he liked these the moment he took a step in them.  They seem to be comfortable for him and they're very durable, easy to clean.
B003EE9O4W Really cool shoes I bought these for my 5 yr old son. They look great and seem like good quality, Mesh wasn't as breathable as expected. Nevertheless, I would buy them again.
B003EE9O4W top! it's good, fit's well, my baby is happy :) and the quality is good, leather and stoff good quality. size fit's
B003EE9O4W Good Solid Shoe We like Velcro shoes, but sometimes the Velcro doesn't last.  These shoes are high quality and can take a beating!
B003EE9O4W Runs small & falling apart... My 4 and 1/2 year old son has been wearing these shoes, maybe every other day, for the past 4 weeks and they are already falling apart! He uses them to play on the play yard at school and normal day to day activities. I can't believe we spent the money on &#34;nice&#34; shoes for them to last a month. Unimpressed. Also, the shoes are very narrow, definitely run small.
B003EE9O4W CUTE!! The shoe is absolutely adorable!! Love the colors.  My daughter danced around in these shoes!! But she loves NEW shoes and she's only 2!! I love the new Pumas that are coming out this year!! Glad their on amazon!!
B003EE9O4W Great for growing, slender feet! My 3-year-old daughter is quite slender and I hate putting huge, unflexible shoes on her because as a toddler she is tripping so much anyways, I didn't want to contribute with clunky shoes.  I've been pretty picky about the shoes I put on her (loved pedipeds, but she's too big now).  I am happy to report that PUMA is a a new found favorite.  They are super light and flexible for little feet.  These ones are very stylish and my daughter can easily put them on by herself.  I did order a full size up, and because they are so well-fitted, there is plenty of toe room for growing without sliding around in the ankle.  Very comfy and cool.  Great colors for fall/spring.  They look great even after months of wear and I haven't even had to wash them.
B003EE9O4W Pretty nice shoes! My daughter loves these shoes.  She wants to wear them all the time, even when is in the house.  They fit her pretty well and more importantly, they are easy to put on and out.If there is anything negative I had to say about them it would be the price - a bit steep.  But considering the quality and ease of use of these shoes, the price is worthwhile.
B003EE9O4W Great comfortable shoe I bought these for my son. I liked the mesh it's durable and my son wont ruin them too fast. Shoes look great, and my son likes it.
B003EE9O4W Excellent pair! My son wear them like he always use shoes. They are very  comfortable, it is what we see when he walks (or try to). Good materials.
B003EE9O4W fit as expected very good Brand, fits  very well, collors are ok, confortables, durables, strong and resistent meterial, very good quality and design and shape.
B003EE9PBY Great Quality These shoes have held up very nicely for my daughter. She is really hard on her shoes, but these have been washed and worn ourside and still look new!They are true to size and unlike a lot of puma shoes, they are not too narrow.
B003EEBFI0 Great Shoes!! These are still my husband and my favorite shoes that we have purchased for our son.  Our son learned to walk in them.  They were supportive but still light.  They were well made and still look almost new.  His newest shoes are brown and white leather pumas that we love too.
B003EEBGQQ They're amazing! I absolutely loved these. I actually bought them for myself, cause I wanted something that would match all of my Husker clothes. =)But I wear them to work, wear I walk around all day for dress down days and I've also been in them while I've gone hiking a couple times. I was a little uneasy about spending $80 on shoes over the internet, but I haven't been disappointed. They're absolutely durable shoes and my new favorite.Trust me, they're worth the money if you have it to spend.
B003EEBGQQ Puma fit is unacceptable I think I'm done buying Puma for a while. The new shoes they have been releasing for a couple of years now seem all to have an annoying fit. Way too snug in the front like other reviewers pointed out. There is nothing unusual about my size, and any other brand fits way better. So, why even waste money on that.
B003EEBGQQ Another great Puma I love my Puma shoes and this one is no different.  The color is great and the quality is awesome.  People are always commenting at how great they look and having them feel good on your feet is a total bonus :)
B003EEBGQQ My son loves the shoes The shoes were ordered for my son, who can be picky.  He loves them.  They arrived sooner than estimated.  Great value.
B003EEBGQQ Great basic everyday shoe. Bought these for my 14 year old son. He loves Pumas and wears these every day. They are comfortable, look good and a great  all around sneaker.
B003EEBGQQ Great Comforable Shoes There isn't much to say about shoes beyond their level of comfort and looks. Since the picture says it all about looks all I can comment on is the comfort. These Pumas are quite comfortable and can be worn all day without a problem. I would definitely recommend these shoes, especially since past experience has taught me that Pumas are of high quality and therefore last quite a while.
B003EEBL8Y Not worth of money at all Got these shoes, and was so happy to see those, awesome colors. Next day my son(4) wears it for school and in the evening the front part of shoes looks like one year old, stitching coming out, leather from front gone.....oh my 50 $$. Expected more from puma and for $70 shoes. Better go for some other brand. True to size looks really nice...but not durable at all.
B003EECZZC Great shoes! I've had these over a year now and they still look like they're only a month old. Sprayed them with shoe protector when I first got them and they hardly even have creases in them from walking still. Soles were a bit uncomfortable at first but fine after breaking them in and can be replaced. Nice transaction.
B003EED4XE Laces tore through holes Love the look, very disappointed that the laces managed to tear through the thread holes after only a couple of weeks.  Granted, I have a very active 10-year old, but that has never happened to any of his other sneakers before!
B003EEH7NM Cute but NOT well made My son has wide feet, so I like the Puma sneaks for him. They are so cute and stylish, but this pair I got didn't last long. The velco (that goes across the top to close the sneaker) ripped within a week. He's had Puma's in the past that held up well, but these didn't. I won't buy Puma's again because of the poor quality.
B003EEH7NM I wish they carried these in my size... These shoes are adorable.  And, I love that they are SO easy to put on.  My son can do them himself, but they don't look like baby shoes!  My son has always worn skate shoes because his feet are pretty wide.  These are perfect for him.  I know Puma shoes hold up well, so I'm excited that my other two boys will be able to wear them as well.  The only negative thing is that they cost more than I like to spend; but if all three boys can wear them, it will be worth it!
B003EEH7NM Great product The colors are bright and look really good! Fit perfectly! My four year old daughter loves them! Velcros easily and stays on.
B003EEH7NM within days of my 5 year old wearing these sneakers thay began to rapidly wear away.  the rubber sole lifted on day three! within days of my 5 year old wearing these sneakers thay began to rapidly wear away.  the rubber sole lifted on day three, the velcro strap was worn and frayed on week two!  quite disappointing!
B003EEH7NM classic The puma's are a favorite for my two boys.  Quality has always been good and they look great as well!
B003EEH7NM Loved these shoes for my son Shoes are a great fit, look cute and go with all kinds and colors of outfits. My 5 year old son loves them!
B003EEH7NM Cool kids shoes Other than the lacing, these are pretty much constructed the same as adult shoes and of the same quality.  The colors on the images are true to the colors of the shoes.
B003EEH7NM Don't buy I was so excited to purchase these adorable puma sneakers for my daughter but they totally failed me. They started to fall apart only weeks after she started wearing them. All the glued parts came undone, the Velcro straps started ripping from the bottom (lining) and the insole was flat, no carved arch as we expected from an expensive shoe like this one. Wouldn't recommend to anyone... :(
B003EEH7NM Love it! This shoes are very cute and of high quality. I especially like the color, very pretty red. My daughter loves how they fit, and the fact that she doesn't have to tie shoelaces for her PE class anymore!
B003EEH7NM nice shoes My toddler granddaughter has broad feet and these shoes fit her very well.  We have had them for 2 weeks and they seem to be wearing very well. And to top it all off she really luvs them too!!!
B003EEH7NM Great Shoes! My son loves the shoes. The color is very bright and the quality is just great! I will buy this type of shoes again.
B003EEH7NM Very Cool, but Disappointed It is hard to find some of the cooler, color combos (say that 3 times fast!) in kids' shoes, so when I found these for my son, it was a no brainer. However, 6 months of typical active 5-yr. old wear, they are looking ragged (even more than his older Reebok Zigtechs). These shoes got wet, the color faded a bit and they have not looked good since. The velcro strap is thinning from the simple act of adhering the velcro...(isn't that its job?) My son still like them because he can put them on by himself, but I am over them. My son has a pair of lace-up Puma suede sneakers that seem more durable. Bottom line: Super cool, but not your everyday kicks. Best for stylish outings where you want your kids' shoes to be cooler than your friend's kids.
B003EEH7NM Brings me back to when I was a kid Purchased these for my 5 year old son. He is still learning to tie his shoes. Couldnt be happier. He loves them and they are easy to get on and off. True to size. Velcro is strong. Excellent choice. He is pretty rough on shoes, so i'll keep track on how they hold up.
B003EEHCTG Perfectly good shoes ... The shoes are really executable, high-quality, comfortable and fantastic look good on your feet. Anyone who likes this style of tracks does not make a mistake if you buy this model. The seller is also a professional and delivery of the executive ...
B003FZ9TYA Best Puma Sneakers I am so sad that Puma is no longer making these type of sneakers.  they are great quality and hardwearing.  feels like you are wearing moccasins.
B003FZJWW4 Love these shoes fit perfect for my son. This shoe is great material has help up and my son loves them. Great quality and the color is good.
B003FZKU5W Great shoes!! Bought these for my 6 year old son. He loves them. He said they are very comfortable & they also look great with anything!!
B003GQ1M70 My Two Year Old Son Loves Them! He wanted to try them on so bad and then he didn't want to take them off! The straps are perfect for any size feet! And they are so cute on and will go with any outfit! =)My son loves shoes as much as his Mommy! ;-)
B003ICX518 Not the quality one would expect for a name brand sock. I had to mend one straight out of the package before wearing.
B003IMJO68 best brand These stay really cool but don't fall apart when you wash them and have no problem running in them for a mile or two at least, or wearing them all day.  Well worth the price considering they survive the washer & dryer plenty of times.
B003IMLEI4 good quality These socks are very comfortable and are good quality.  They hold up well wash after wash.  No holes!  I highly recommend them.
B003LY4LL6 Excellent quality and service! We received this product sooner than anticipated, and the quality and condition was exactly as offered in the description.  The price was great too!  Thank you!
B003LY4MNI Great price and my son loves them! My son runs track pretty seriously. He loves these shoes! He was even able to afford to pay for them himself because of the great price. They are stylish and comfortable as well. They look even better in person.
B003LY4Y40 Good quality shoe Play indoor on turf. Wonderful shoes. Good comfort, and the extra width works great when you have to wrap both ankles. Very pleased with this purchase.
B003LY4Y40 Great looks and solid quality Very good looking shoes and good quality.  Are a bit stiff but turf's tend to be that way.  I use them for coaching and kicking around with my players and are comfy.
B003MAJWCW Just What I Wanted I only wear Puma sneakers because I have narrow heels and they fit better than any other brand. These were a good price and were being discontinued on the company's website. I did read reviews before buying, so I was expecting the laces to be poor quality and planned to replace them. They are different than regular shoe laces, but not as cheap or flimsy as the otehr reviews led me to believe. I tie my shoes tight and yank on the laces, but never feel like they're going to rip so I have not replaced them.
B003MAJWCW Not for the price After walking through a MOIST grassy field, my shoes got soaked through. And with one time getting wet, the pressed paperboard in the bottom split along the soul such that it pops out every time I take my shoes off and feels lumpy when I walk. I've had these shoes for one month.Also, the colored trim gets beat up very quickly. Within two weeks, these shoes looked a lot more worn than they should have.I expect at least a year out of full-priced, name brand shoes. Two months is very disappointing.
B003MAJWCW Puma Women's Sneaker I didn't expect such high quality for such a good price, but I got it!  Love the shoe and how it feels soft, but yet feels suportive on my feet.  Seller was easy to deal with and shipment was fast.
B003MAJWCW very comfortable shoes my mom liked much these shoes are very comfortable and are a great affordable price! worth making the purchase! brilliant
B003MAJWCW great shoes Bought it for my daughter it fits Great and they are a great option for the school. They are nice!
B003MAJWCW Product is much cheaper quality. Shoe was cheaper quality, not satisfied at all.  Return process takes WAY too long.  Really cheap quality, not happy at all.
B003MAJWCW Poor quality I did not find these shoes comfortable at all.  There were seams that had already come undone on the top of the shoe and I found the laces to be very thin and cheap quality.  They looked so cute in the picture.  I was very disappointed.
B003MAJWCW Great quality Unfortunately I had to return these as they were on the small side but they were great quality and customer service was excellent for my return.
B003MAJWCW SO CUTE! I absolutely love these! so cute and amazing quality. They hurt a little bit on the first couple of runs, but I'm still in the process of breaking them in. overall- very satisfied.
B003MAJWCW Great LONG LASTING shoes My family is big on going on family vacations!  One of my families' all time favorite trips, is going to the " Most Happiest Place On Earth," Disneyland!  Being HUGE Disney fans we usually go as a family, every year.  The only delma that we had is that all of the young ones would get tired of walking around, and would complain of their feet hurting.  So that's when we decided to invest in good shoes.  When we discovered Keens and Pumas we knew that they would be great shoes for us!Keens and Pumas are cute and comfortable shoes.They have laces or velcro, that allow the shoes to stay good and tight, on your feet.  They are good quality also.  We have had our Keens for about a year, and they still look bran-new!  I have also had my Pumas for about 6 months now, and they are still in really good shape also!If you are looking for good long lasting shoes, then I highly recommend Keens and Pumas!  They were FANTASTIC shoes for us, and they will be FANTASTIC shoes for you!!
B003MAJWCW SOLEIL RIBBON SHOELACES DON'T STAY TIED! I purchased these shoes, the Soleil FS a couple of months ago but I haven't been able to wear them because the ribbon shoelaces that they come with won't stay tied for more than a few minutes, they are very thin and slippery. I contacted Puma and told them about this and they said that I was the only person to ever have a problem with this and directed me to a site to buy myself other shoelaces. I then did a search and found another Amazon review that mentions this problem. If you buy other shoelaces, they might not fit into the type of loop that is on these shoes because it is kind of small. I also find that this shoe is kind of flimsy for the price. I bought them because I liked the look but now I know that I would never buy Puma again, because of poor quality and poor customer service in not being willing to deal with product quality issues.
B003MAJWCW parfect shoes Fast cheap and good ............ .... .... .... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .... ... .... .... ........ .. ... ... ...
B003MAJWCW Great buy Realy loved the shoes, and the price. I always shop at amazon.com. Everything is available at amzon, and at a cheap price too. Love the quality of what i buy.Thank you.Nicole
B003MAJWCW womens blue n white puma Sneakers came with cheap laces and a defect on rught shoe its pulling n ripping. .not worth the almost 60 bucks I spent
B003MAJWCW Excelent! This sneaker is beautiful and the quality is great! Really worth the amount payed! Shipment was fast. I would definitely recommend this product!
B003MAJWCW Great shoes love these shoes, this is my second pair.  looks good and are very comfortable. the price was great for a quality shoe
B003MSMI2K Great golf shoes These are simply the best golf shoes I've owned. So good I now have two pairs and don't wear any other brand. Very comfortable with great stability and traction when hitting shots and they look the business.
B003MUA66S Keep the Puma Clean It's going to be a challenge keeping this sharp looking jacket clean.  It's very slick and looks comfortable to boot.  The one thing that surprised me which was impossible to tell from the product picture was the big PUMA on the back of the collar (maybe it was in the description, I missed it).  After a couple of days it was already getting dingy from the ongoings of a 4 year old.  It came through the wash in great shape and is nice and bright again.  It's not going to provide a lot of warmth but is perfect for these early weeks of fall and spring too.  This size 6 jacket fit my 4 year a tad big but we're good with that.  Maybe he'll grown with it for a couple of years.
B003R4ZMYK favorite shoes have purchased 3 pairs of these shoes over the past two years, they are comfortable and come in great colors
B003R4ZOSO Puma shoes I bought these shoes for my son and he loved them! Great value for the price and they look good too. Pumas are his favorite shoe.  Was very satisfied with them ,would buy them again.
B003R4ZV32 Indoor soccer feels better now Shoes are great. They are comfortable, look good and for a really good price.I even use them to wear them on a normal day.
B003S9VJU0 Bad Buy These cleats were a bad buy.  I bought them thinking PUMAs are normally really good cleats but these ones ripped in two weeks.  So I sent them back and got another pair and the second pair ripped in two weeks.  Waste of 80 dollars.
B003TW5EIO good quality awesome i like it :) ... good quality and excellent price for the presence .. thanks Puma and amazon .. Cheers :)
B003UBTR8M Puma kids sneakers My son loves these shoes. I usually buy him Skechers, but decided to buy him something different, plus I loved the way they looked. My son is old enough to tell me what fits and what doesn't and I had no complaints from him. He is able to put these shoes on himself due to the velcro strap, which is nice for me. These shoes are definitely pretty cool and a good buy. They are made very well and lasted him for quite a while, in fact, he is still wearing them and I bought them in December. They are not as white as they used to be, but still in very good condition.
B003UBTS9U Defective product or poor quality Or product quality is very poor or the product I received, haddefects.In the first use, the leather broke at the tip of the shoes.This happened with the normal use of footwear.
B003UBTTRQ Very goo product My soon use this choes to go to school on sports days and they have been very resistants. Very good shoes
B003ZJCEXO Good fit Same as it appears online. Nice and lightweight. Comfortable and good quality. I would definitely recommend to other buyers online.
B003ZJCEXO quality product I am satisfied with your purchase! I got a real quality product!This jacket feel very comfortable for walking as well as for training.
B003ZJCEXO Love Puma track jackets Ordered a large for my 6'4&#34; husband. It fits as expected since he already owns another Puma track jacket. Great quality for a great price.
B003ZW2FJO Loved these! So freaking nice pants unfortunately my stoned friend spilt bong water on them! They were so comfortable and awesome. Puma is a quality product.
B003ZW2FJO Good Deal This pair of track/warm up pants is a very good deal. they are considerably less expensive than many others I looked at and they are equal in quality to those others.
B003ZW2FJO Run big Got them for my boyfriend but they run big because he is usually a medium.  Good quality and price.  I wish it had a matching jacket for these colors.
B003ZW2FJO Nice Didn't have an elastication at bottom of leg. Can be easily inserted though. Very nice quality. Timely arrival.  Good value.
B003ZW2FJO Great, but logo came off. Great product, excellent quality. But the logo on the left thigh that you see in the picture started peeling off the first day I wore them - before I washed them. It was completely gone within 2 washes. Very disappointed with that. Other than that they are excellent quality. I'm 5'11, 170lbs and bought a Medium. They are a little long, only about an inch, tops. So if you are any shorter than me you probably won't want to buy a Medium. Other than these two things they are excellent quality and look great.
B003ZW2FJO Track Suit The quality for the price paid was outstanding.  I would have paid at least double of these in the store.  Weil worth the money and the quality is great.
B003ZW2FJO quality product! I am satisfied with my purchase! I got a real quality product!This Pant feel very comfortable for walking as well as for training.
B003ZW2FJO lowest quality The pants pilled and the logo fell off after one wash (it's supposed to be stiched on). Two months later they look years old...
B003ZW2FJO Nice pants These are nice pants, a little on the pricey side but are worth it for the quality. Puma always makes great stuff
B003ZW2FJO Puma is the Best The pants run a bit long. My husband is 6'1&#34;, I had to hem them approx 1&#34; to prevent from dragging on ground. Puma quality is super nice, my husband wears mostly Puma & Nike, loves the quality!
B003ZW2FJO Puma track pants Two good sized zippered pockets, lightweight breathable and still warm fabric. Professional athlete quality track pants. Fits as size states.
B003ZW2FJO Complete junk The Puma emblem and letters came off of the front of these pants after two machine washes. I've only worn these pants around the house a few times and I've only owned them for about 3 months. The emblem was a cheap iron-on so I was skeptical from the outset.These pants are complete junk, don't waste your money. I have a pair of Nike warm-up pants that I've owned for 15 years. I have worn them to the gym, to spar in the boxing ring, and to run countless cold mornings. They have held up like champs. I'd suggest buying a brand other than Puma and I wouldn't recommend these pants to anyone.
B003ZW2FJO Good purchase Excellent price and good quality.  Very comfortable, too.  Very happy with my selection and purchase.  I'm considering buying another pair.
B003ZYW0CO Cute puma watch Brought this as a present for a 12 year old year.  Fit well and its a great quality for the price
B003ZZ1CY0 Bought if for my son There are very few trendy but quality watches out there for youth.  This one is masculine looking and my son loves it for cross country (it is women's so smaller than the HUGE men's watches out there).  Highly recommended!
B0040GJTZC Awesome Quality! I bought this hoodie last year for my boyfriend. He loves it because it is just the right thickness and looks exactly like it did when he got it even though it is a year later!
B00416BRQK cheaply made We just got these shoes in last week and the logo on the tongue of the shoe is already starting to smear and the thread is coming out from the bottom front part of the right shoe.  He's only worn them 2 full days to school.  Seems like there will be no shoes left in a month.  Not worth the money.
B00416BRUQ stylish and athletic I think these shoes are so cute and my 3 year old little girl looks like a little athlete in them. She loves to jump and run and climb trees and these shoes have been great for that. She puts them on by herself very easily. Her little brother has the blue/white ones and they look so cute when they wear them together. SO glad I spent a little extra money to get these nice shoes.
B00416BULC These crib shoes are awesome! This is everything you would expect from Puma..The leather is high quality..the price is right..these are perfect for your toddler girl to be styling and profiling around the home..I will be ordering the next size as soon as she grows out of them!! !!
B00416BULC Completely Disappointed These shoes are extremely adorable and are very easy to put on; however, after wearing the shoes off and on for 2 weeks, the heel already has a hole in it! My daughter probably wore them a total of 5 times, most of those times being indoor, and they are already falling apart. I even contacted the seller about this problem and have had no response. They look good but are of a TERRIBLE quality. Will not purchase again.
B00416BUOY baby puma shoes in red Love these shoes.. amazing fit and love the soft soles... my son doesnt mine wearing these nice light weight shoes
B00416BUXA Kimi shoes My 4 year old son loves F1& to be specific Kimi Raikkonen the Ferrari driver. He calls these pair his Kimi shoes.Because of the Ferrari sigh on the side.He says they make him run faster, I am not sure, they don't fit my size.In short, I love the shoes. But you have to be careful with the white leather. My son already scratched his in theFront. I recommend them.
B00416BUXA Very cute and comfy Very good looking with a quality of Puma! My son loves them. It is perfect for the school gym as it has no laces.
B00416BV4S Great quality and looks. Bought it for my 10 months old God son.He loves it, I love it, the parents love it.Great quality and the colors combination are amazing.Great service from Amazon!Thnx!
B00416BW10 Great Shoes My son and I had been looking all over for these shoes and could  not find them.  Of course, you can always find any item on Amazon and it was there.  Didn't have to waste time and gas trying to travel around to fine them.  My son loves these shoes!!!
B0041RREX4 Wonderful, warm coat My son loves his accessories of all types, so when he's excited to wear a coat, then I know it's a good one.  It's quite warm, and great for those cold winter months.  The quality has also stood up to being washed and dried quite frequently, as is a must with a 4 year old boy wearing it outside in the pacific northwest in the mud all winter long.  The inside is lined with super soft fleecy material.  My only criticism is that the hood stands fairly tall off the shoulders, and leaves space between the top of my son's head and the top of the hood.  He loves to wear the hood though too, so it doesn't bother him any at all.
B00426BUX4 Great backpack. I got this for my son because his other backpack somehow broke a few months into the school year. I decided to get a name brand one instead hoping the quality would be much better and it definitely is! This backpack is well made, nice looking and he loves it. I've always liked Puma for shoes, athletic apparel etc. so I am very pleased that the backpacks are just as great!
B0042AMWY6 Good These are some shoes for my mom, came out good, use them all the time on any occasion. Fine, Good
B0042AN0PG Swwet Shoes! I love these shoes! They are comfortable and stylish.  I have gotten nothing but great complements from them. Well worth the money!
B0042AN0PG a little bit inferior quality 
B0042AN4C0 best shoes I have ever bought These are my first Puma's I got them 1 size larger than my usual 12, normally wearing sk8ing or basketball shoes these are a completely different feel so they took some getting use to. But after some breaking in I have come to the conclusion while these are not the most weather resistant shoes they are the lightest most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased. The right shoe came with a small scuff on the toe thats almost unnoticeable and for half off I can't complain.Because these shoes are so light they feel like they should turn to rubbish soon but there's a toughness and quality to them that makes me believe otherwise. So far I have worn them for about 3 months without being to rough and haven't noticed any of the normal strain damage on the sole I usually develop so far. I'll update when I start to see some damage if I remember.
B0042ANHBI Great sneaker The shoe seemed to be a little more bulky in person but thats no big deal cause its still a great sneaker and for the price is definately worth every penny. Its stylish, a great brand, good quality, and definately a great value.
B0042ANOBQ Super comfy and great style Great easy shoes for everyday use. And the colors are great with most pants / outfits. I laced them up to the second to last holes so they can be slipped on too. Love them.
B0042ANRS6 Good. They are good shoes, the brand will is good, can be used with any clothes and fashion are a wing, I recommend it.
B00439GBOS comfortable very comfortable shoes, look good, very blue, these are my first puma's and I will buy more in the future
B00439GCEM Love my new shoes! So happy I ordered these! They are great quality and actually make my feet look smaller. The first day or two was not very comfy but that is the same with all shoes. Once I broke them in they are super comfy. They look great with work slacks or jeans. The quality is good too. Minus that dog hair sticks to them, but they are suede and it is expected. My only complaint would be that they seem to retain odor. None of my other shoes have smelled before a year. I have had these 3 days and I am already febreezing them.
B00439GCEM These shoes have everything. These shoes look great;are the superior quality that you expect from this brand,and are even more comfortable than i expected.
B00439GCEM poor quality love my suede shoes. very stylish and comfortable,UNTIL,sole cracked.I can only conclude the sole is a cheap piece of plastic which cracked. I can no longer wear the shoe because the cracked plastic does not provide support and clicks when I walk.
B00439GCEM love these shoes Agree with other reviews. I wear a size 6 ordered a 6 1/2 fit perfect. I am a hairdresser and have always had a lot of leg pain. I am retired and was working 1 day a week. Now have been working 2 full days this last year. Was loosing a lot of sleep on Thurs fri so got these shoes and heavy support hose. Last week had a lot less pain. I also sleep under an electric blanket which helps.I would buy these again.
B00439GCEM Fit well, but not sewn well When I bought these shoes they were great, but about a few weeks later they started to come apart at the seams around the toes. I was very sad to see that happen, I thought that they were very comfortable and I like how they fit my feet, but that was clouded over by the seams coming undone.
B00439GCEM wonderful these shoes are great, are comfortable, lightweight, beautiful, easy to combine and are a mix between casual and sporty.Puma shoes are of very good quality and not expensiveworth the investment and the purchase was super easyalso to save the package arrived intact and is also environmentally friendly
B00439GCEM Love these Shoes Absolutely comfortable and goes with slacks and jeans! Good quality and very well made. I enjoy wearing them every day.
B00439GCEM Noticeable wear... I really love the look and comfort of these shoes. Within one month, however, the swirly lines on the sides of the shoe became very frayed. They fit me appropriately and I only used them at work wear my job is not labor intensive or outdoors. The only reason I can attribute the quick and noticeable fraying of these shoes is the quality. I would not repurchase these shoes again because the wear is unsightly.
B00439GCEM Very supportive I've owned three pair and they are, without question, the most comfortable and supportive shoes I've had in recent years. I walk on concrete floors all day, and my arches and heels just kill me if I'm not wearing the Pumas. Unfortunately, they only seem to last about 4 months before the support breaks down. However, that's 4 months of almost every day wear on concrete. The norm for athletic shoes is 4 to 6 months, so the Pumas are comparable. However, if you throw your shoes in the wash frequently as I do, be cautious. The footbed on the inside came completely apart after a few wash/dry cycles, and the vinyl on the stripe turns yellow (the dryer?)  I still love these shoes, though and will buy more.
B00439GCEM New shoes can suck... So often you have to break them in, or they rub the wrong places - so they aren't good for wearing except for like, when you are sitting down, or the style limits the occasion you can wear them for.  This shoe cleared all but the last hurdle.On day one, I laced these up and easily walked five miles - no rubbing, no blisters and GREAT support.  Hurdles one and two clear.And look at them - nice and neutral... and stylish... they go with just about everything and can be worn in so many situations.  The only reason that they don't clear the last hurdle, really, is because I would probably not ever wear these shoes with a suit or to a wedding.I am a girl, so it is in my genetic make up to love shoes.  But these shoes... these shoes I truly adore!
B00486TJ1S great fitting sox My son loves these socks and the quality was exactly what I was looking for.  No slippage in the shoe!
B0048LVO7A Puma King Finale This is a great boot for the price. The quality is outstanding. The leather is extremely soft and I wore it right out of the box for a full time game. No blisters or the usual pressure point issues.
B0049J57OM Great shoes, great quality First I think these shoes look good for being sneakers, and second they are very light.But the biggest pro for me has been the quality. I was going on a 5 month trip to South America and bought these right before. Daily walking for hours in cities, in deserts, in jungle, in mountains, running every now and then. These shoes has been used almost every day for 5 months and quite hard use too. I just got back home and they still look great. Will get another pair next time I'll get the opportunity. Good work!
B0049J57OM Good product at better price I would recommend these shoes.  I've begun working out again and these shoes are very light and comfortable especially for the price.
B004C05KNG Very Good Indoor Soccer/Everyday shoes... Very good quality.They look great as everyday shoes.The sole is excellent. As indoor soccer and even volleyball shoes, the anti-slippery sole is great, they'll improve your performance.Fast free shipping [ONTRAC when sold by Amazon].Good price, very happy with this purchase.
B004C2JL3O review amazon wants me to do these are nice shoes as far as fit and quality, But the color is bright ,Im talking neon blue do not wear these shoes without baggy pants covering them blue. They are so bright they have been worn out of the house once, and while they got a lot of positive comments, I hate them. Thats my fault, the seller was fast and their price was great!
B004DKPPR6 Very cheap material This shoes only last for a couple of weeks my son complains about the spikes hurt his feet.and they look very old and this is only his 3rd competition of the season. (And I just got it new couple weeks ago)
B004DKQY0I Not Worth the Money! Not a first time buyer of a Puma product, usually very happy.  This shoe is light weight and stylish but as far as quality it is very poor.  After first first couple of wears the sole started coming off the shoe. Would not recommend.
B004DUM3EE Excellent quality I bought these for my 5 year old son who loves Puma shorts. They fit great and he wants to wear them all the time.
B004EU33RE Excellent product Totally worth it for a teenager boy, it is strong and has not a childish style. Very good product and good quality
B004EWFKU0 Boys pants The fabric is good quality, the fit is nice and the length is great - not too short like some we have ordered. I have a skinny fellow and when the length is right, sometimes the waist is too big. These are perfect. The quality of seams and waistband is good and they seem to be very comfortable. No twisted elastic inside the waistband.
B004GB0U6S Don't buy for just standing I work in retail and these shoes were awesome at first. I've had these shoes for a little over a year and the tread is already almost gone..and if you work on retail then you know that it isn't possible to wear down the tread just waiting on people running a register. They lost all comfort and flip flops feel better than these do now. I don't understand the positive work related reviews about these shoes. I have ragged old Roxy shoes that are four years old more comfortable than these and they are still surviving.
B004GB0XVA Wonderful sneakers, just what I wanted. These are perfect examples of the fine quality that I have come to expect from Puma. The leather is good quality and the workmanship is excellent. They fit well and break-in time was minimal. The price was also very good.I would recommend these shoes to a friend without hesitation.I also got a kick out of the tag that clearly states that they are not flame-proof.
B004GB0XVA Puma Repli cat The Pumas came at the best price I could find.  Delivery to Australia was fast.  Packaging was protective and attractive. The shoes came with cardboard shoetrees and a bag for storage. The shoes themselves are of the best possible quality. Congratulations.
B004GB0YHS very good Very good quality shoe, comfortable and very light colors are perfect for unique all kinds of sports (walking, jogging, etc.) and very fast delivery
B004GB1120 Great deal I ordered this shoes online and that's the first time I get shoes not from a store. I have other Puma shoes so I know my size. i got 10.5. Delivery was fast. Shoes are great, good quality.
B004GB11O8 Puma fan My husband is a big Puma brand fan -- reminds him of his high school days.  We've always had good luck with the fit and quality of Puma shoes.
B004GB11O8 Nice Shoes These are a nice brand of tennis shoe. They seem to be of very nice quality. I'll buy this brand again!
B004GB11Z2 AWFUL IF YOU HAVE MONEY TO WASTE GO AHEAD AND PURCHASE.  I AM SO SORRY I DID.  IN MY BOOKS THIS IS NOT EVEN WORTH $20.00. MORE BETTER TO PURCHASE FOOTWEAR FROM FOOTLOCKER. THERE SIZING INFO IS MORE DETAIL AND YOU ALWAYS GET A BETTER FIT. I WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER FOOTWEAR FROM AMAZON.  THIS FOOTWEAR ALONG WITH THE POLO FOOTWEAR RUNS REALLY SMALL.  PURE B.S.
B004GB1242 Very nice Very nice sneakers, very light, nice color and quality, I did not expect such kind of quality shoes. and I really suggest it to everyone
B004GB1242 Great!!! These are some good shoes and they are very comfortable the shipping was really fast the quality of the shoes are also very good!!!!!!! Would recommend to anyone!!!!!!
B004GB1242 Good workout shoes good shoes with light weight. i belive that looks nice in summer when you wear it.  great and pretty decent shoes
B004GB1242 Shoes Good shoes. Nothing bad so far. I will write back in a few months to rate how they've held up but so far so good
B004GB1242 Comfy shoes I bought these shoes to wear to my nephews football games. Since it was his senior year. The Royal Blue and Gum Red are Bixby Spartans Colors. I put Red shoes laces in mine and it really made them pop. They are comfortable and I wear them all the time now.
B004GB1242 Excellent Wonderful quality , nice product shipping was extreemly fast... Can't say enough, the shoes are even better looking in real life. If you like a thin nice shaped comfy tennis shoe buy one.
B004GB1242 puma shoes Shoes arrived earlier than expected. Have been comfortable and durable. I'm a youth pastor who is rough on shoes. These have held up 2 months and still look and feel new. Great job amazon!
B004GB1242 Quality This shoe fits perfect. Very good quality.  Will get another pair in the future along with other pairs of pumas.
B004GB1242 Nice shoes Really comfortable when walking but don't buy these if your going to standing in them all day. They probably wouldn't last too long with excessive use, but I'm gentle with my shoes.
B004GB1242 Good, comfy shoes, despite quality issue Shoes are very comfortable, fit reasonably well, and are all-around very nice. Only downside is that the laces came already stained slightly red by the shoe materials. A little bleaching should fix this, but I have yet to try it. That is my only complaint.
B004GB1242 Want to get light on your feet? In the interest of full disclosure, I have several paris of Reebok comparable shoes and give them high marks for the time I've had them in service or the past couple of years.  I bought these Puma kicks after receiving a recommendation from a guy at the local gym who has the same issue as my own, meaning vulnerable or bad feet.  The first thing I noticed with this Puma brand shoe is a snugger fit.  Still comfortable but giving the impression of a little better support because the foot is less likely to move around during use.That feature is important because of possible slippage leading to falling and attendant injury during a jog or intense weight workout at the gym.  I gave the Pumas a test on both counts & must say I was impressed.  The support was excellent and stability a shade better than with the Reeboks so the Pumas get on the scoreboard early. They're also lighter in weight by an ounze or two or at least, seem so to me.  Now, 'early' is important to note because I obviously have no way of knowing how well they'll hold up in the weeks and months ahead.  The Reeboks have been excellent in that regard but if the Pumas prove to have quality longevity, I'll improve my ranking to a full 5 stars.  At first blush, the Pumas have been impressive.
B004GB13IM Great looking shoe, but super poor quality. These are great looking shoes and very comfortable, but they are super poor quality. Within a few months the uppers came detached from the sole right inside the inner part of the ankle. I was only wearing them around casually and at work. I work retail. I would definitely not recommend these to anyone.
B004GB14HM Lasted less than 3 months The right shoe had a different quality of felt than the left shoe. My son felt the shoes were comfortable. However, in less than two months the grip wore down and holes started to appear on the top. It's less than 3 months now and the right shoe has fallen apart. Other Pumas I bought for my son had lasted until he grew out of them but this one is just poor quality.
B004GB14HM Broke first time I put them on The shoe string loop broke as a tightened up these shoes for the very first time. I like the look and wished they had been better quality. Puma usually does better.
B004GB14HM Excellent Product This was an excellent option, It just fit as I was expecting and are very comfortable. I have been purchasing PUMA for the last 4 years and I am very satisfied with the quality. I highly recommend this product!
B004GB14HM Excellent for the price The quality was great, as expected from a Puma brand. I'm using it almost 4 times a week. It's very comfortable and I like it a lot. It will be my next choice if I go for another one after this one, for sure.
B004GB1E7C Descent Shoes, Short Lifespan I have owned several pairs of PUMAs over the years, and they have been great shoes for the most part. These particular shoes fit well, and were sharp looking, but they were not of the same quality as the other PUMA sneakers I have owned.  They wore out after about 4 1/2 months, and I only wore these shoes a couple times a week (tending bar). Other PUMAs I have owned have lasted 3 or more years with similar use, so I'm not quite sure what the deal was here.
B004GCIFMI Don't like the quality I'm not happy with the quality of this tank, I thought it was better, but looks cheap, doesn't seem to be original puma
B004GCJTAK GREAT PRODUCT I bought this for my wife 1 year ago and it has become her favourite purse, good quality and design, after all this time it still looks like new.
B004GEAPBU Best quality The shoes are the most comfortable for now among all that I have. I even did an exhausting mountain trip in these shoes. (Chosen as the most comfy) I didn't have tracking shoes which is a must for the route we took, but these little Pumas made it possible pretty much. (Yes I had to use bandages at times, but we did over 10 miles of mountain routes every day for a week, caring a huge backpack, it was hot outside also I have super thin skin on my feet)It has enough vent, I feel.The color feels too dark to me, but this is very personal, has nothing to do with the overall quality. Actually, my favorite shoes are also Puma, but not this particular (I love it for the way it looks)I have it now for about a year and these shoes still look ok, even though I did heavy duty wearing. Very durable, so all my 5 stars go for comfort and quality.It is also worth mentioning that I bought it online, that is - without trying first how they fit. Trusting the size and the look only. And I am pleased that I did take some risk in this case.
B004GEAPBU Confused..... I bought these shoes, after a week of waiting i recieved an email stating that the shoes had been returned and my account had been refunded. I am confused as to how this happened considering i never even recieved the shoes.... :(
B004GEATZ2 =) I love the sneakers it fit the kids good and when you order they come fast and they look great on my son love this sneakers. I deff think people should get them for there kids and for the price I pay it was all worth it. My son wears hem to school and he love itt
B004GEATZ2 Horrible My son, 6 years old, has only wore these shoes for 3 months and they have completely fallen a part.  He has worn Nike and New Balance and both have lasted through the entire school year.  I would not recommend this product to anyone.  I also am extremely disappointed in the customer service at both Amazon.com and Puma.com.  Beware Amazon only backs their shoe sales for 30 days.  When I spoke to the representative all she kept saying was since it is over 30 days there was nothing Amazon could do.  Then Puma, I spent the time to send an email with all the needed info plus pictures and they responded that it was normal use.  Well, my son has never had that happen to any shoes he has owned. I am highly disappointed.
B004GEATZ2 Great shoes Good looking shoes, my daughter loves them. They look great on and the dirt wipes off easily. Pumas are great.
B004GEATZ2 Great Shoes I love the sporty look of these shoes.  They fit great on my five year old son. I've bought many Pumas for him in the past, and I'll definitely buy them again once he grows out of them.
B004GEATZ2 Love Pumas We buy all Puma shoes for our little boy, so they fit just as expected.  They are of good quality and our little boy loves the red, white and blue-vibrant colors.
B004GEAUMY Durable school shoe I bought these for my 7 year old son as a school shoe. He liked the look of them and they were comfortable and light. I was pleasantly surprised with how well they sustained daily wear. I would definately recommend them and would buy again in the future. Money well spent!
B004GEAWR2 Awesome Very good quality, especially for our ACTIVE boys ages 6 and 7.  They go to Catholic school and have to have pure black shoes. Will definately buy these again!!!
B004GEAXRQ Great shoes! I bought these shoes when my son was about 5 years old. He wore them for an entire year. They are not only adorable but so also functional. They are soft and look great with almost everything! I plan on ordering them again in a bigger size for him.
B004GEAYIY She wants to wear them all the time! Very durable, good support. I got these shoes for my daughter when she was trying to master the art of walking around 13 months. She has been wearing shoes since she started crawling, but it was love at first sight for these pumas. She absolutely loved them the moment she put them on: stomped around, squealed, and took off trying to run!  Luckily, her feet seemed to have slowed down in growth and these pumas are still her favorites - she is 18 mos now. I have to explain to her that they don't go with her "fancy dresses" but she still insists.  She has 10 pairs of shoes, and the puma's are still her favorite.
B004GEAYQQ Cool Shoes My 4 yr old son has had the black version of these shoes for about 2 weeks and hates to take them off.This is my son's 3rd pair of Pumas and we've always been happy with the quality. It pays to pay a few more $$$ for shoes that will last longer than the generic brands.Word to the wise...these ran bigger than other Pumas we have had (by comparison the Puma Drift Cats ran much smaller).
B004GEAYQQ Cool Shoes I bought them to wear to school but the puma lights up/flashes when walking so can't use them for school.  Still they're great looking shoes.  My 4-yr old son loves them that he won't take them off!
B004GEB0IW PUMA My son loves his new puma's; they arrived in a very timely manner and have lasted over 4 months on an active 6 year old (very durable).
B004GEB1GI Comfortable but... I purchased these Pumas for my 11-year-old son at the beginning of the summer.  We knew that they would get filthy-dirty from running around (which they did), but I was surprised when his toes began to bust through the front after only 4 months.  True, he wore them every single day and is a very active boy, but not THAT active!  Having said that, the laces stayed tied, the shoe was comfortable, and he told me he would order them again if they weren't white.  I would recommend these Pumas to anyone who isn't afraid of constant upkeep or dirty shoes, but is looking for comfort and a little bit of style.
B004IZLF98 Great Jacket Simply put this jacket is great!  It is good for the intermediate weather as it is not a heavy fabric.  Good quality and good fit.
B004IZLG74 Low Quality for Puma The shorts are decent, but are somewhat lower quality than I would expect from Puma.  They also do not seem like they are the same length in the front and back when on.  Not a horrible product, but would not purchase again even at the discounted price.
B004IZLH50 good these pants are nice, the material is kinda water repellant id say, their length is good and they are comfortable to wear, I've used them for park our, free running, and going to the gym and they hold up really well. they may seem somewhat pricey but they are of good quality.
B004J4X4OM Nice, but poor quality Wear the shoes for 6 months, on average 10 times and lost a point on the fifth day, and the other on the ninth day. I feel I wasted my money.
B004J4X4OM Doesn't hold up for Ultimate Frisbee I bought this pair for our son who has had them for less than three weeks!  He wears them to play Ultimate Frisbee.  He says: "The toes already seem to be coming apart (they're showing signs of heavy wear on the outside, and on the inside some of the lining is starting to come loose).  I virtually guarantee they won't last beyond this year, and I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't even make it that long."  This pair may be suitable for other purposes, but not for Ultimate.
B004J4X4TW A little clunky but overall pretty good shoe I ordered these shoes because my old Puma indoor shoes had served me well over the 3+ years that I wore them. The shoes arrivied very quickly, and I was ready to play in them right when I got them. Like most indoor soccer shoes they need to be broken-in quite abit before you really start playing marathon sessions in them, but after playing for about 6-7 hours they are really comfortable with no blister issues. The shoes offer really good grip and a lot of support. The one thing that bothers me about the shoes is the weight of the shoes. The shoes are pretty &#34;Clunky&#34; they feel a little bit heavier than the other Pumas that I play in, and it has taken a little while to get used to, but overall the shoes are solid choice for any player who plays one or two games of soccer a week.
B004J4X4Z6 Good Cleat for the money Received them 3 days after order and was pleased. The quality of them is not bad for what they cost and they look good. Also they are pretty light. Great product for the $$$.
B004J4X4Z6 Lovie lovie lovie These shoes were gorrrrgeous, great quality, quick shipping, just as nice as the pictures, and you honestly cant beat the price, I looked everywhere on the internet before I found these. We sent them to my boyfriends nephew in mexico so they werent even for us, but what a great present, HE thinks we spent a fortune ;)
B004J4X4Z6 good it is very good. it is absolutely good. the prize is low too.i will recomment my friends to buy this shoes.
B004J4X5WS nice shoes. these shoes are pimp.  they are so light and comfortable and they look cool, really cool.  great price and exceptional quality that comes with puma products.
B004J4XO5Q Worst quality shoes I purchased these shoes and less than 9 months later, they were torn and I didn't even wear them a lot. Moreover, they stretched and looked terribly ugly after only a month. I would never ever buy Puma shoes again.
B004J4XO5Q Pumas are great I love wearing Puma sneakers because the sole isn't thick. They are very sleak shoes that aren't bulky. They are very comfortable walking shoes. Another comment said that it is a bad quality which is not true. Pumas is a great brand that I enjoy wearing. I have many puma shoes that last.
B004J4XQL8 Awesome shoes These shoes are simply really great. They are comfortable and they look just awesome. I've only used them for a couple of months, so I wouldn't know about their long-term durability. For now they seem very resistant to a daily use. They are very good shoes, BUY THEM.
B004J4XTC4 Extremely comfortable These shoes came as pictured and fit perfectly.  I have had Puma shoes in the past and their quality is superb.  These shoes continue to remind me of the quality the Puma has produced.
B004JF5R1Y FaBuLoUs purchased these for my 8 year old for Christmas...she loves them!  Very stylish and good quality! Not to mention that the sizing chart worked out great and we have had numerous comments when wearing them out and about.
B004JF5R1Y Great shoes and very comfortable My 4 yr old daughter would wear these every day if she could.  I purchased them in silver as well.  No complaints during an all day outing.  The sparkles are still on after 2 months of use.
B004JF5R1Y My two year old niece... I bought these in black for my two year old niece. SHE LOVES THEM! She dances and runs. They are by far her favorite!!!! Good and sturdy!
B004JF5R1Y Great Quality I received these shoes in a very timely manner and they are a very good quality. I have had these shoes for my 7yo for many months now and they are still in excellent shape!
B004JF5R1Y Great shoes! My 5 year old wears these shoes a lot and she says they are really comfortable. She really likes them. It helps me out too that they are easy for her to get on and off by herself and also that they can be wiped clean or washed. Our whole family is a big fan of Puma shoes in general. Definitely recommended!
B004JF5R1Y Very cute and Comfy I bought these shoes for my two year old and she seems to love them. She loves wearing them. They are a good fit and very easy to put on. Standard Puma quality shoes.
B004K00GTG very poor quality after 6 practices and one game toes are stripped of color and wearing through, Also soles are separating. My daughters cleats have usually lasted 2-3 seasons. not worth the money at any price.
B004K00GTG Horrible quality I would not buy these shoes.  My daughter has worn these cleats six times and they are already caming apart at the toe.  Here last cleats lasted two season of soccer.  She just got these April 18th and they are already broken. Sad.
B004K00GTG Nice Cleats I ordered these for my daughter because she liked how they looked.I was a little skeptical after reaading the other reviews but I can say they are very good quality and have held up for spring season soccer so far and that includes two practices a week and one game each week.All in all i'm very satisfied with my purchase of these cleats.
B004KP726G good shoes but ... they are good runnin shoes in my opinion good cushing as well but i have wore them about 8 to 10 times and they startin to lose its original shape becomin a bit loose too but they are still great shoes
B004KP726G Great Shoes I purchased these for my teenage son. He loves the way they look, and they seem to be of very good quality.  He's had them for almost a year, and they still look great.
B004KT6OQG Lovely shoes He looks great with his new shoes and he loves it a lot.He looks great with his new shoes and he loves it a lot.
B004LC3UIW Puma missed the mark Good looking shoes but lacking quality you would expect from puma on the upper and tongue.  Good sole and control and the ground, but the discomfort and low quality makes them a no repeat for me.
B004NTV8J6 Great product great buy! I received the Puma Ducati's on time at an excellent price for the quality. My son is very happy with his gift.
B004PA21ZI Quality, comfort, and good looks! These shoes get noticed; very unusual color combination that draws positive comments wherever I go.  These shoes are very comfortable, stylish, and an outstanding value for the price.  Highly recommend for the casual runner--you will not be disappointed!
B004POEM3I Good shoes I bought these for my son for track season. I love that I was able to pick him out of the runners by his shoes.
B004S08HE4 Good quality Good quality and fit as expected. They are on the lighter side and I wouldn't expect my Don to wear them on cold days.
B004S08HE4 great the pants was as described. good quality - fits very well to my son - I would definitely buy again
B004S08HE4 Good Quality, Fit well Bought these for my daughter. The quality is good and the fit is comfortable. I would recommend and would purchase again.
B004S08HE4 Good pant These fit my 10 year old well. His legs are shorter and he wears a bigger top so it's hard finding pants that fit him since he's not really a husky size. They seem to be a heavier material and good quality for a boy who is VERY active. I expect them to hold up for a while.
B004S08HMG Nice quality product These shorts are of nice quality and compare well to the Adidas Athletic shorts my son loves.  Problem is that they run large.  The 8 is closer to a size 10 in Adidas.  He'll have to wait a bit to actually be able to use these.
B004SGQ1F0 good shoes, bad laces My daughter loves they shoes and for the most part they are holding up well.  The only problem is that after a few months the laces just snapped.  I got some new laces and they are even cuter now, so all's well that ends well :)
B004SH1Y10 comfy! Great pants for a very active boy!  Good price, good quality, good brand.  Would order again and recommend to others.
B004SH20NQ Five Stars great quality and fits well!
B004SUANIC very very good some of the best purchases I've done all so far this year. Unquestionable quality, comfort, finally a good product. As the seller, delivery was quick and painless. Highly recommended.
B004SUANZU Puma and Amazon rock I usually buy Pumas anyway and these look and feel as expected. Love the old school look too. Now I need some golf shoes.
B004SUANZU Old school Awesome old school pumas. Great quality and price. First time I wore them had people saying how cool they were.
B004SUANZU Great shoes Really comfortable, and high quality construction.  They are great for walking around, and I've received a lot of compliments on them.
B004SUANZU Great shoes, can wear with anything If you buy these shoes, they are the only shoes you will ever need to own. I can wear with jeans (dark or light wash), kahkis, navy pants,
B004TPDD8S Puma's sneakers Excellent value for money, unique design and good quality completing meeting expectations and written description of the item. Reliable and efficient seller, prompt and professional. I am very pleased with my new shoes.
B004V7HZOM Great Bargain My son is in his "red" phase--so this hoodie was perfect--good quality, very comfy and the size was perfect for my 10yr old.
B004VL2NWC Didn't last - beware. Ordered this shoe for my 7 year old son who loved them when they came in.  However, we started noticing that the shoes were falling apart within 2 months of his wearing them and before 4 months was up we had to look into replacing them even though shoes should out last a child at this age.  The top of the shoe above his toes essentially disintegrated, the plastic on the Velcro straps were crumbling, the sewing came undone near where the tongue would be, and the Puma was wearing off from the sides of the shoe.  We tried to work with Amazon to exchange them - they would not as it was past the 30 day return policy.  We'll never order shoes online again from Amazon, we'll go to the store first.  We suspect that the shoes were fake or at the very least defective close outs.
B004VQYK4G Puma Quality At payless prices and I love it.  The shoes look and feel awesome. I get lots of compliments about how good they look.
B004VR2ZWY Excellent quality shoes just loved it Really great quality of shoes. Awesome design. Just loved it!! Nice design for puma lovers! And also it's cheap to get it for $75
B004VR2ZXI good shoes The shoes have a very modern presence, they look great and have very good quality I really like then lot, I buy it for 57.98, I recommend 100%
B004VR3OTM Nice shoes I loved this shoes since i saw them , the price was great :) i got them for my son and the fit very well :)
B004VRIA5A Great purchase! The shoes which came ended up being a great purchase. The materials seem to be of very good quality and looks great.
B004W2SLFS Good for the price! Materials seem a bit low quality, I hope they last enough. Size at least for me is fine but there&#8217;s always a risk to buy this way.
B004WLEF6S AWESOME. This is hands down the best deal on quality shoes. They feel great, look great, and fit snug but comfortably.
B004WLEF6S Not Bad The Blue is more like purple.... Overall great looking shoe. Quality is good, too. Pretty comfortable for short-term wearing. Can get dirty sometimes.
B004XD0TLU good quality this is a very good quality , nice strapwaterproof too, i wearing  when i swimming in the poolit's still ok, so i like it
B004XD0V7C Great Quality! Great Quality, and very stylish... People are going to ask you where you got it! It's also very comfortable! !
B004XD1CE8 Poor Quality The locking clip on the watch band broke within two days.  It appears that I must replace the entire band.  Pretty disappointing.
B004Z0G6QS My daughter LOVES them. She trains agility dogs and is on her feet running all day long. She loves the fit, quality and look of this shoe.  Will purchase again.
B004ZIP4U4 Great Athletic Shoe I love these shoes. I bought them in orange and black and I love the way they look and feel. Some people say Adidas, Nike, etc. are higher quality but 1) they generally cost a lot more and 2) these shoes seem high quality to me and 3) they are definitely the most comfortable athletic shoe I've ever had. I have a lot of pain in my feet when shoes have poor arch support and I've experienced no discomfort with my Pumas. I've been wearing them to work instead of my dress shoes sometimes just because they're so comfortable, even though I meant to only use them for running/working out. The cushioning in these shoes is superb and the tongue-attached-to-shoe design is cool and I think makes them more durable. If you're considering these shoes I highly recommend them, they're some of my favorite shoes I've ever bought.
B004ZIP4U4 Pretty Good Shoes were as marketed. They are comfortable and properly sized. I came to these Pumas from old New Balances. Next time I buy it will be between these two brands. Color is pretty cool - the violet hue is unusual.
B004ZIP4U4 Wonderfull shoes These shoes have a very good quality, the desing is futuristic, the stetic and good color combination make this product an amazing shoes.  I am very happy because I bought for a good price an excellent product, thank you very much to the seller.
B004ZIP4U4 Satisfaction 100 % It is a product of exelente quality, of characteristic equals that in the pictures and I received them in the setting from my house to the 15 days of having requested itRecommended!!
B004ZIP54Y really good ... shoes were made in good quality..really like them. very confortable . the size fits good. well made. fast and easy deliverer.
B004ZIP5GW BEautiful shoes I bought this shoes for a friend and he loved them, they are exactly as described, they fict perfectly and they're colorful and comfortable! great quality through and through!
B004ZIP5GW nice These shoes are amazing. I have bought them several times and am always impressed. I guess thats why I keep buying them. They are a great price and a very good deal for the money!
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes, good quality Great shoes, good quality, is what they offer, Excellent service, I am very happy with the purchase, I recommendThe construction of sports shoes is top quality, very comfortableThe sizes and measurements are correct
B004ZIP5GW Puma Sneakers are a really great value. I love the look and feel of these sneakers.  They allow your feet to breathe and are fairly light.  Good quality and comfortable.
B004ZIP5GW Good deal I bought these for my 19 year old son and he loves them. They look cool and are great quality.
B004ZIP5GW ! Great shoes for work or play very comfortable the newer version has shrunk and do not fit well these are quality over a year in the kitchen still held up
B004ZIP5GW Loved them I got this pair of shoes for $55 sometime this year. It is so comfortable. I use these shoes to play basketball and it is better then my actual basketball shoes. I feel it allows me to turn and move better. They are good for just about anything. Overall I am happy with this purchase.
B004ZIP5GW Love it. The shoes fits exactly, the adjustment is amazing.The quality of the product is great and this looks great.Highly recommended.
B004ZIP5GW Bought for my son Bought as track shoes for my son.  He loves them and says they fit great.  He likes that you don't have to bother with the tongue sliding down
B004ZIP5GW Shoes for fencing! These shoes are for my grandson and he is happy with them. I am over 13 as I have a grandson that will be twenty this year.  He is the one that wanted these shoes for fencing at the College of Wooster.
B004ZIPVIE Light, good quality, competitive price It is a good quality shoes (compre to its price). It's light. But, if you are looking for the best material which leads to great feeling when dribble the ball, you might need something better and more expensive.
B004ZIT63U We love these shoes! Daughter needed tennis shoes -  did a little research and came up that Pumas would be great! As always with Puma, good quality, nice looking shoes!
B004ZIT63U Short Shoelaces A very comfortable pair of shoes that our son loved running in. My only criticism is that the shoelaces were too short, so these were not the best shoes for someone who was just learning how to tie shoelaces -- this won't be an issue for kids who already know how to tie laces.
B004ZIT63U Excellent quality Worn by my 9 year old son who goes through shoes like Grant went through Richmond! Very sturdy, washes well. Highly recommended!
B004ZIT63U Excellent Quality & very stylish these look good. I did had them delivered .in my view they are very stylish and good looking & sturdy.Kid loves them
B004ZIT63U Our son loved them We bought them according to his size and they are perfect.  A great price for the quality and a Christmas present that is loved.
B004ZIT63U Great Shoe My 4yo son loves these shoes. I bought them for him to play tball in and he wants to wear them every day. He's got a lot of compliments on them too. The red isn't as bold as the picture makes it. They're a nice color.
B004ZIT63U Looked good, but did not last! These PUMA shoes were worn twice a week for four months and have had to be replaced. They became unshaped and stretched out from normal athletic use. The heal fabric is very thick and constantly slipped off my child's foot. The laces are ridiculously long and had to be double knotted so she would not trip. The only good thing was the color of the shoe, however they did not last and I've had to purchase new shoes. I really hate having to buy new shoes NOT because my child out grew of them!
B004ZIT63U Awesome shoes!!! Loved the shoes but were a bit expensive for a 7 year old!!!!  And took big had to send back! Oh we'll!
B004ZIT63U Great shoes! My son insisted on these sneakers because of the color. I was hesitant because of the price, but they are very high quality, fit well, and he absolutely loves them.
B004ZIT63U Great shoe and price My son loves them! They fit great and are a good price. Many different colors to choose from. We usually only buy puma for our son.
B004ZIT63U Puma Voltaic 3 JR Sneaker (Little Kid/Big Kid) Excellent, just what I ordered... the only problem I had with these lovely shoes is that they run a little bit big as usually.Very please with the quality in fact.
B004ZIT63U Pretty Puma's My 7 year old granddaughter loved her new shoes. She loved the color and they fit really well !!  She could not wait to wear them to school.
B004ZITHZC Don't last I bought two pairs of these for my boys aged 3 and 5.  The kids liked the look of them, but they are stiff around the ankle.  The insole and toe wore through in less than 2 months of normal wear and tear.  Very disappointed.
B004ZITHZC great shoes for my 7yr old daughter Great for soccer training on tennis courts, PE days at school, and any other activity. Very easy to get on/off when you're in a hurry and don't want to tie laces.
B004ZITHZC very nice despite media choose shoe size bigger than usual stay tight in the instep and were disabled too fast for my son, despite being a good quality shoes and very nice
B004ZITHZC Great Great shoes, my grandson loves them and they are really good shoes that are comfortable and easy to put on.
B004ZITHZC My daughter loves them! My 8 year old daughter picked these out and she loves them! Very comforable and easy for her to get on herself without fussing with laces. We've had them a few months and they've held up great!
B004ZITHZC Adorable shoes! I bought these for my son as his first pair of shoes and they are awesome! the quality is great and they are adorable. I decided to buy him the next size up for when the size 4s no longer fit. They look great with any outfit. I would highly recommend.
B004ZITHZC Comfortable and beautiful My son just loved this shoes. This product is comfortable, beautiful and high quality. I am really happy with this purchase.
B004ZITHZC Great shoes My 5 yo son loved these! I was reluctant to buy shoes online, but the fit was great. Buy these shoes.
B004ZITHZC Awesome This is a quality comfortable shoe. The sole is flexible yet durable. The material lets my daughters feet breathe and keeps them cool.  Very happy with this one.  Wish it came in my size.
B004ZITHZC Puma shoes look good on girls and women's feet Good looking shoe. My wife has puma's as well that she loves. Decided to get for our daughter. They look good. They have a big girl look with the ease of Velcro good buy can't go wrong.
B004ZITHZC Poor quality I purchased these for my five year old son, and they had holes in both toes within a few weeks.  The leather and cloth pulled away from eachother completely.  Not what you'd expect from $50 shoes.
B004ZITHZC Great shoe for active boys My 7 year old loves these shoes.  They are easy to put on, but don't look like little kid shoes.  They came as described on time.
B004ZITHZC Love the Shoes! These look great on my nephew and he really enjoys them.  They are also well built and should last a while.
B004ZITHZC Wow! Excellant Quality! The site photos does not give it justice. The quality is above and beyond what I ever expected. Very good build quality and my son loves them. You can't go wrong with these shoes! Top-notch!
B004ZITHZC Puma Shoes Good fit, very nice quality, shipped quickly. I would recommned these shoes for anyone. They are comfortable and my grandson is enjoying them.
B004ZITHZC These shoes are cute, fit well, but they broke in the first month. The velcro strap on these shoes split in half in the first month of owning these shoes.  They are so cute and seemed to be well made, but now my son can only wear these with pants to hide the velcro strap.  The velcro closes, but the top half of the closure ripped away and just hangs there :(
B004ZITHZC Puma shoes for toddler I bought these shoes back in December 2012 and waited to do a review until my son was done with the shoe-either through wear and tear or due to shoe size. This time, shockingly, it was due to his feet growing. My son is a very athletic boy and he plays hard in his shoes. Usually a good athletic shoe lasts maybe three months, four months if we're lucky! As you can see this shoe has lasted us for almost a full six months. What I've observed while my son has roared through the house and one too many tennis courts and soccer fields is that these shoes are made of high quality. It took him four months before i saw the first signs of fraying in some of the stitching.As great an experience we had with these shoes there are some things to be cautious of: 1) if your child has wide feet or a high arch you're going to want to go a half size bigger than his true foot size. 2) As with all velcro straps they start to break down after the first few washes. We never had the velcro completely fall off-even with my son yanking on them-but they did have trouble sticking after three months and at month six they would randomly come undone while walking through a store.All to say, my family and I had a great experience with the shoe. My son loved them, received tons of compliments and was sad he had to part with them. We wouldn't hesitate to buy the shoes again!
B004ZITHZC we are really please with this product my son like puma stuff so we saw this shoes on amazon and ordered it,  received it on time and the quality real good it fits perfect and my son is enjoying it right now will recommended it anytime great service too guys.
B004ZITHZC Comfortable and handy His shoes were my 5 year old perfect , the are comfortable and beautiful, when we are trh first shoes out in search
B004ZITHZC Awesome shoes! These shoes are amazing! Beautiful colors! I bought the pink and teal ones and its the only shoes my 8 year old will wear now...she absolutely loves them! Great buy!
B004ZITHZC My son will not wear any other shoe!! My 7 year old is obsesed with PUMA at the moment and these are very cool.The color is great for a boy and he claims to run &#34;super fast&#34; while wearing them lol
B004ZITHZC Perfect for my 1 year old Great product great quality. Flexible and light enough for my 1 year old to walk perfectly.No laces or anything to get on the his way to be safe.And great design.
B004ZITHZC It is falling apart after about 6 weeks Looks great! My daughter loves them! I used to buy cheap shoes for her... but then decided to get her this &#34;fancy&#34; pair... she is now 4 years old and would not outgrow the expected life of a &#34;better quality & brand&#34; pair... but both shoes are starting to open on the glued seams after about 6 weeks of use.
B004ZITHZC Great shoes, tore a little at the toe The shoes are very good for a toddler just starting to run around and jump. They would have been perfect, if not for a small tear near the big toe on one of the shoes after just a couple days of wear. Clearly our 3 1/2 year old isn't wearing through shoes the way an adult would, so I suspect it is a weak point on the shoe as opposed to normal wear and tear. It's superficial, but wore faster than I had hoped.
B004ZITHZC Just what we needed I bought these for my almost 7 year old daughter who knows how to tie shoelaces but refuses to do so. These shoes just makes our mornings a little less stressful. Although Velcro, the style is still &#34;cool&#34; and my daughter loves them. She says she can run raster and jump higher... :)
B004ZITHZC Love those sneakers! Quality of sneakers is excellent, I love them and my son loves them too!  Excellent support for feet and easy to tie for little kid (my son is 4 y old).  Will buy them again in bigger size for next year...
B004ZITHZC Amazing I had bought my son some Fila's in this size and they were way too small. I wear Puma's and so does my daughter. Since I had just bought the Fila's and paid a ton of money that I couldn't get back (I bought them online several months before Christmas and lost the receipt), I could not really afford to pay a lot for shoes again, but of course my son needed shoes. I found these Puma's on here and I was a little weary because they were used. But for the price I decided to give them a try. I could not have been happier than if they were brand new. They were in great condition and fit my son perfectly. I bought these the beginning of January, it is now the beginning of June and they are still in amazing shape and my son wears them every day!
B004ZITHZC Such good quality, and lightweight. I love these, they are so cute on my 2 year old and so lightweight. They seem very comfortable also.
B004ZITHZC Puma shoes Shoes are nice looking and comfortable but the Velcro is very bad. I will buy a different shoes from now on.
B004ZITHZC Very Nice! I bought these for my 5 year old, he's a size 13 and they fit fine. They look so good and he gets tons of compliments. When I want to clean them I'll toss them in the washer with bleach and hot water since the front top is a mesh fabric and the rest is a simple leather. They're very easy to slip on, and very durable.
B004ZITHZC Awful craftsmanship The stitching on the velcro started to go after a week. At this point it is practically unusable $50 shoe. I have never expected this bad of a quality product from Puma. Not sure if it is possible to get a replacement, as the show has been worn, but I will definitely stay away from these in the future.
B004ZITHZC Stylish and comfy Really nice and lightweight pair of shoes.  Just got them so we still need to see how they stand up to my 4 year old who can make a new pair of shoes look old within 2 weeks.
B004ZITHZC Cool shoe, not designed for kids chubby feet These are really nice shoes, my 4-year old son thought they were really cool!  Unfortunately they are just not designed for kids.  Most kids, including my son, still have a little bit of chubby feet and have a difficult time squeezing into these shoes.  Every time my son wore them, he complained that they hurt.  I wish they made these in wider sizes to fit the majority of kids.  Frustrated I bought these for the cool factor, and not for the practical factor.
B004ZITHZC Shoes fell apart very quickly! I bought these shoes in the purple/white & pink/blue. Initially, I thought these were the cutest shoes (which is why I bought 2 different colors). However, after not even two weeks of my daughter wearing them (not everyday)the sides were wearing out and the threading on the sides were coming apart (on both pairs). Amazon was great in exchanging the shoes for no cost (as I thought it might be a defect on both pairs). However, not even a week after my daughter wore the next set of pairs the same thing was happening. These sneakers are poorly made for a toddler. They are very cute but not practical AT ALL for a toddler!
B004ZITHZC Great looking and durable. These have been in use for several months on my 7 year old son.  They are holding up well having been washed once and through the normal rigors of daily use.  The Velcro helps speed the morning routine along.  I would not hesitate to purchase these again.
B004ZITHZC Nice shoes Purchased these on a lightning deal. Nice quality shoes for my son and worth the lightning deal price.  Fit as expected and he likes the shoes.
B004ZITHZC Long lasting shoe!! We have loved Puma shoes!! They are well made and last!! My 8 year old is super hard on shoes but with Puma he is able ti ware them for almost a year!
B004ZITHZC Awesome!! These shoes are perfect for my son.  They have wonderful support and he says they are so comfortable.  Definitely worth the money!!
B004ZITHZC nice My son LOVES his shoes.  Fits good and is holding up well after a few months.  He goes through shoes like he goes through food :)
B004ZITHZC Durable Super cute! My four year old is picky about tight shoes and comfort. She loves wearing these and never wants to take them off.  Highly recommend!
B004ZITHZC Good choice! Very nice, excellent quality. Liked them a lot. Son loves them. Does not need to be laced - big plus!
B004ZITHZC Cool Shoes My son loves them!!!!! I was so happy to see him so excited . They look great just as I wanted them
B004ZITHZC Love them! My son loves his pumas. They fit great (my son says he runs faster!) look stylish (makes this fashionista mom happy), and are easy on and off.
B004ZITHZC Puma Voltaic 3 My 5 year old loves them! They are stylish, comfortable, and easy to put on or take off without the hassle of shoes strings. Works great for children who haven't gotten tying their shoes down packed yet. My son wants more just in different colors!
B004ZITHZC Bad Quality not worth the price Puma quality not as it used to be, one month and this shoe stitches are wide open, also my kid feet only smells when he puts on  these shoes, waste of money never again Puma, back to Nike and Reebok.
B004ZITHZC The elastic came out The elastic BROKE the first month. I would expect better from Puma. I paid far too much money for such poor quality
B004ZITHZC My son loves them! I have been buying this brand for the past 2 yrs for my 4 year old son and he just loves them. They are comfortable and light. They run a size smaller, but that's not a problem once you figure it out. Great quality. If boy is happy, momma is happy : )
B004ZITHZC My child loves these shoes! I purchased these for my 4 year old daughter and she absolutely loves them.  They are the first thing she puts on in the morning and the last thing she takes off at night.  I purchased a different color scheme for her younger sister also and everyone compliments the shoes.  I think the shoes are pricey but they are well made and look great.
B004ZITQ2G LOVE LOVE these pumas! sooo cute :) awesome little shoes! my son LOVES these! the fit is perfect ( we tried them on in the store first and went a 1/2 size up to be sure they fit through the school year) he says they are super comfy and he already got lots of compliments. love them, they look like they are made well and great price! we bought 2 pairs, got $20 off plus free shipping, you can't buy kids sneaks at payless or target for that price and they don't look and feel half as good! if you are on the fence about these, try on in store (even outlet stores cant touch this price) and buy from amazon. super fast shipping, received in less than a week!! awesome. im in love :)**UPDATE: not even a weeks worth of wear and the thread at the toe is pulling off, i was able to cut it and its fine, but still pretty dissapointed and shocked that would happen so soon with such a nice shoe, we haven't had any problems like that with any of our other pumas. just thought that was way to soon to be having it come apart like that! should probably return for another pair, but my son loves them and hopefully they don't pull apart anymore!!!
B004ZITQ2G Great shoes for our 1 year old I absolutely love these shoes! We bought them for our 1 year old as she has a wider foot and these have worked great. They are super cute too! They seem to work out great for her and are comfortable. I like that when i take them off of her that her toes are not red or rubbed raw. I was afraid of that, but these have worked great! I highly recommend them if you can find them for a good price. I didn't pay much over $35 for the pair i got since she won't be in them too long but had to do a little splurge. Enjoy!
B004ZITU86 GO FOR IT! I don't remember how much I paid for it, I don't buy anything full price but I would have for this one. I've always liked the show brand. It lasts longer than the other ones I buy for my 7yr old son. Great as school everyday shoes!!
B004ZIWJL6 amazon Good nights the shoes puma nice ace of very good quality but there was a serious mistake the height was not the one that pidio was 36 and they ordered a height since for a child of a year I it had to sell to another person his etrega it was rapid I do not complain
B004ZIWJL6 excelente Good quality.So cute! very resistantgreat product,laces are stretchy, which is ideal for children, very  easy to use
B004ZIWJL6 My son loves these! Ordered these off of Amazon because they are cheaper than purchasing at Journeys. I was a little worried at first but I received them and they are perfect. My 7 year old son loves them and they can be dressed up or down, they'll look great with just about anything. They just slip on so they're great for him when we're in a rush (we usually are). Pumas are also incredibly comfortable when he's walking all day. He wore these to Kennywood amusement park one day and the Pittsburgh zoo the next day. He didn't complain once which he usually does if he's wearing converse or his beloved Osiris shoes. All in all, these are great shoes at a great price! I am very pleased and would definitely recommend!!
B004ZIXNXY Lightweight and comfortable It's hard not to love these, they are the lightest athletic shoes I've owned.  The quality seems pretty good too.  They look and feel kind of cheap but they are very good quality, kind of deceiving.  I'm happy, would buy again.
B005030IAY $ 40 pair of falling apart after about one month of use. The Padding is coming off while is the sawing is breaking up. I have been buying Diesel sneaker for my boy for many year prior, and they lasted at least six months or more.  This one looks similar to Diesel but is such a disappointment.It is too bad that Amazon no longer carries as many little boy sneakers from Diesel anymore.
B005030WZU Love Puma but don't buy this shoe! I bought this shoe for my 2 year old son and the velcro strap lasted only a couple of weeks before it stopped sticking!  We got him the Pumas with two velcro straps that crossed over each other and they work awesome - way better!
B005030WZU Poor stitching on velcro... Very cute, comfortable shoes.  Easy for my 2 year old to put on and take off.  However, within the first couple weeks of wear, the stitching that holds the velcro on came apart.  I have had to super glue the velcro back on to both shoes. Cute shoe...poor design.
B0050U20OE Colorful The good thing about this shoe is that it goes with almost any outfit due to the many colors.  Kids today love wearing bright colors and these shoes are perfect for any outfit.  The quality is good and so is the price.  You will get what you pay for.  They look better in person and hold up pretty well but could be better.  I gave it three stars because my daughter has not owned them for to long and they are already losing shape.  A shoe this eyegrabbing should hold up a little better.  All in all if you are not wearing these shoes all day or being rough with them then you will be okay.
B0050U20TY Adorable and quality We've had these shoes for about 6 months and they've held up wonderfully. The material stays cleanish despite many playground romps.
B0050U20TY LOVE THESE SHOES These shoes are absolutely adorable. I love these shoes for my twin girls as they are very comfortable for them and are very light. These shoes are perfect for little toddlers who do quite a bit of running around. My girls wear these shoes quite often and they have maintained their quality. I have never received so many compliments for a shoe before. Love love love these shoes! =) Oh, and the synthetic leather is not a problem at all as others have mentioned. Not one scuff on the girls shoes yet, and it's been about 4 months now. =)
B0050U399O sneaker They were great, as you would expect Puma sneakers! They are all leather, very strong for a toddler. I gave them away after they didn't fit, so imagine the quality that they are enduring another toddler as if they where new!
B0050U7C8I returned them puma the quality on these was very poor, and i always wear puma to work  too bad  my next pair are a nike
B0050U7C8I Light and durable I am a big fan of Puma shoes, and these don't disappoint at all. The shoes are really light and fun to wear. My kid's favorite shoes.
B0050U7Z26 Hot Feet These sneakers are beautiful and classy. My son loves them. They last and are very good quality. It is so hard to find PUMAS where I live in Rhode Island. Everyone seems to wear Jordans and other goofy bourgeois sneakers. My son truly stands out with these classically elegant pieces.
B0050U874Q AWESOME! These shoes were fantastic. They proved to be very durable.  Purchased them for my 8 year old son and he loved them.  He preferred to wear them to his other shoes and he could run like the wind in them. :)
B00513G3JS Great workout pants! Love these pants for the gym, for walks and runs, and just for everyday lounging.  They are made out of very durable material and are very nice quality.  I cannot find anything bad to say about them to speak of and am more than happy that I purchased them!
B00517MAKK Poor quality My 6 year old was excited about these new shoes but in 2 weeks he had worn a hole in the fabric just by wearing them a couple days out of the week to school. The shoe laces were also breaking. I know he's six and will ruin shoes, but 2 weeks?! Don't waste your money on these.
B00517MAKK My son loved these I only wish that the rubb er would cover more of the toe area, but otherwise I realy like them. My son likes to wear them almost every day to school. Also, the lace comes off pretty easy, even with double notting, so I had to replace the laces.
B00517MAKK Cute Shoes! I got these for my 7 year old daughter and I usually try to always get her black since white is no longer white in just a one time wear.  I love pumas anyway but, couldn't find any cute shoes for her around where we live so I went to Amazon instead. They are really great quality and great price.  Cute shoes!!
B00517MAKK Shoes woreout quickly These shoes wore out in a matter or a weeks! Really bad shoes for little boys! There were two holes on each side of the shoe. Don't buy for little boys! Fast shipping though....
B00517MAKK puma sneakers The sneakers look great, but they are very narrow and run a little too small, they are very hard to put on and my 9 year old was not very impressed, although the quality is good.
B00517RW8K Its good Within given price range I would say its good product. My son did use it for 2 seasons with out any issue.
B00517T9UO Quality Soccer Cleat This soccer cleat was true to size, fit my son well, is constructed well, and the perfect color. My son wanted cleats that stood out, I wanted ones that would stand up to the rigors of little feet pounding around not only the grass but also on the pavement when he's showing them off to everyone in the neighborhood. This did just that. Great quality!
B00517T9UO Quality The shoe fitted my son very good.it look very strong,but the quality is not the best. The price was  cheaper than the store so I paid for what I got.it looks to me like an imitation.
B00517UMH8 good quality these cleats are strong and weather resistent. my daughter loved her cleats and the colors were perfect for her uniform that was red and white.
B0051DTPIY PUMA KIDS LINEAR TRACK JACKET, GREEN, XL Bought this for my son and he LOVES it!!! He loves it enough so that i don't have to nag him to wear a jacket, and that deserves 5 stars, in my book!  The quality is good.  I want one for myself :)
B0051DTTB2 great sweatshirt we are always happy with puma items - the fit is always perfect and the quality is outstanding.  these sweatshirts (bought black and grey) are no different from the rest of their products - outstanding.  my son has a sensory disorder that makes a lot of clothing uncomfortable and these are very soft inside and fit well without binding or being uncomfortable.  they are his first choice when he gets ready to go outside on a cooler day now.  i am sure, based on other puma items we have, that my younger son and even younger nephews will all have a chance to own these shirts as they stand up to washing and wearing very well and will be handed down.  puma is excellent in quality and price.
B0051MQVXW Cute, but very poor quality This looks cute on my son. But frankly the quality of the fabric is so poor that only after wearing it (not even having washed it yet), the fabric is wearing out and looks like it's been through 20 wash cycles. Very disappointed. Too bad I missed the Amazon return window or I would have returned it.
B0051TJ6ZK excellent my six years old son loves his new puma sneakers, they are great easy to put in and out and the quality of puma is excellent and looks very nicely with jeans
B0051TJZTM Puma love these shoes are adorable and my daughter loves them. I couldn't ask for a better deal. I received them very quickly and the quality is perfect. She love the fact that she doesn't have to tie them.
B00525HQP0 looks great Bought this for my 5 year old son. Looks great and looks awesome on him. Soft & warm. Not too snug or loose, just right fit.
B0053A2M3A alright im not sure why they look a little different from the picture but not too bad quality is fine and the price is good.
B0053VMIQU Quality Shirt Initially, I was going to exchange the Tee because it was too big but since Sports Rush went above and beyond for me. I decided to keep it and give it to someone for Christmas.IF YOU NEED SPORTSWEAR I ENCOURAGE YOU TO CINSIDER SPORTS RUSH AS THEY ARE THE STANDARD IN PRODUCT QUALITY AND CUSTOMER SERVICE!
B0053VMRR0 Very Nice! This top fits very well.  It looks good and is made of quality material.  I'd recommend it to anyone.  The Puma iridescent logo at the shoulder level looks good too.
B0053VMZT0 the price is perfect and quality is great the pant has a high quality built from start.  It is true to the description.  How can u beat it with that name and legend.  perfect item for me.
B0053VMZT0 Comfort and quality I love ordering off of Amazon.com.  I never have to wait very long to receive my order, and these track pants are extremely comfortable and easy to move in.  The fabric is very high-quality, and they fit my body well.
B0053YB0NO like walking on pillows! absolutely love these shoes. never purchased shoes online before and i took my chance and these are perfect! fits perfect, quality is great, VERY comfortable! i even bought another pair for my daughter! highly recommend these shoes!
B0054KWWQG Junk!!! All that money spent, and they barely have lasted a year.  Save your money and go to Walmart and buy cheepos, atleast those will last longer
B0054KWWQG GOOD QUALITY THESE SOCKS WERE SUCH A GREAT QUALITY AND THE PRICE WAS ALSO RIGHT.  I DEFINATELY RECOMMEND THEM.  PUMA IS A GREAT BRAND .....
B0054KWZKE Okay socks I really love the color of the socks and puma socks in general. I wear them everyday to work and work out in. I've had them for a few weeks and already noticed a hole on the side in one of them. I have long toes so use to buying new socks after a year because of holes in the toes. Wasn't happy that there was a hole in one of them already... and on the side... such a weird spot so I think it was due to poor material.
B0054XVFH0 Great The item came early than expected. I was very pleased. The price was a little too much, but i guess your paying for quality.
B005543ZHQ Disappointment in the quality.. Boy oh boy, a dollar just doesn't buy much these days. These shoes are NOT for serious athletes. They don't support my feet well at all. For simple gym workouts, no problem. In less than a few months the glue holding them together  has come apart. I went out and bought some 'shoe goo'. And another, better performing ASIC shoe. You get what you pay for.
B005543ZHQ poor quality Bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. It already has two holes from where the material seperated. This is not a high quality item. Normal wear and tear on the shoes
B005547MJS good deal!best price i could find online! good shoes,shipped fast, good quality, lightweight flexible, bought to workout in holding up really well. downside is that i have wide feet and they dont comein wide, but they flex to conform to my feet and still hold shape!5***
B005547MJS Good shoes Purchased these shoes for my brother and he is so pleased with them. They are light and airy plus nice to look at!
B005552422 Good Good quality, my son love it. He is using it every day. He just love it. Comfortables very casual, can use it with jeans, casual pants or sweat pants. Excellence.
B005552422 Quite big These shoes are really confortable, i wearing 2 days per week,The are cheap and nice, I recomended these shoes
B005552422 very happy the product came into my hands in the estimated time, a quality product I'm very happy with the quality and service provided hope continue buying with you later thank you very much
B005552422 Excellent shoes great shoes, top quality and comfort with great style. Bring a cool bag to store them as great detail. I wear them most often than my other sneakers including the chucks, i highly recommend them
B005552422 Comfortable Shoes I was looking for a decent pair of not-quite-tennis-shoes for a vacation. I've been breaking them in over the past few weeks and they're comfortable and good looking. I noticed they are more true-to-size than other PUMA shoes I've gotten before--especially compared to the racing-type ones.
B005552422 I like it, but Comfortable shoes, good quality at the top, but only took a week and have been using them considerably worn on the bottom, otherwise I recommend
B005552422 Fair Value Smaller and tighter than expected. Looks OK. Construction quality is good.However, would never be confused with an expensive sneaker.
B005552422 Love the look, quality sucks. After three months of wearing these ONLY on the weekends the inner back of the shoe (where your heel rubs) is torn to shreds.  At the moment you can't see the frayed inside while wearing it, but I would give it another 2 months or so until it becomes noticeable damage seen even while the shoe is worn.
B005552422 Very nice shoes Quality is better than it looks. Size is accurate. Tool a couple days to break in but generally comfortable. Very nice looking kicks.
B005552422 Puma makes good shoes Bought these for my son, he is a Ricky Fowler follower and would have everything Puma if he could.  All of his golf clothes are Puma, and we just bought some new Puma golf shoes from Amazon.  Good shoes at a great price.
B00555AO2E Great style, poor construction Shoes started to fall apart after one month of use.I loved the grey and maroon combo and the style is cool.Hopefully I can get it replaced under warranty.
B0055BZJGY Awesome !!! I bought this shoes for my wife. They were perfect in size. Quality is great and very comfortable. I got it for around $20 less than puma's website rate. I recommend to all.
B0055QR480 Bad Quality Let's start with the fact that not especially convenient.The worst thing is that the quality is not really good yarn everywhere.Due to the size a bit mingy.It looks nice and stylish.The biggest downside quality if it would be ok it would be really good
B0055QTOBK Easy to get into, I live in Japan, and I have to pretty much take my shoe off everywhere.That's why I got these shoes.  They re easy to put on.However my only complaint is that the toe is starting to wear a hole through,and I've only worn them for 5 months.  That's a bit too fast.It seems like the material is a bit flimsy.  Perhaps some rubber should be used toprotect the toe area.  Apart from that, good shoes.
B0055XATC6 great shoes I love the shoes . Comfortable , not to pricy and good looking.The shoebox came within a little red puma bag which was real nice.I am an 8.5 and 8.5 fits just perfect.
B0056YR3N2 Nice for being cheap These cleats are nice for the price, but they're not the best quality, as can be guessed by the price. The laces are cheap and come untied easily. I have been using the cleats for about a month and there is a little wear on the top laces holes.
B0056YR3N2 reasonable price and quality I got this based on the fact that I play soccer only on holidays. The price was reasonable and the quality of it isn't bad so overall I like it. if you play more often you might wanna go for something with better quality though
B0056YRCTW Nice Puma's The best part of these shoes is the soft kangaroo leather.  It keeps my son's feet warm during the cold weather and is very comfortable to wear (never needs to be broken into). These are great shoes for the price, but the Puma King SL are even better!
B00573UJEW Good shoes My hubby uses these use on the field when he is a goalie, and when he's a forward, he says the shoes are not flat on the bottom, but its a good thing cause it takes the pressure of and helps you balance whilee you play better. He also says they're very comfy.
B0057DPSQG exelent quality Exelent fit, quality,design, very happy with product. Very lite, looks good, best by so far that I bought before. Thank you
B0057DPSQG poor quality these look nice but you can see thru them after first wash, also sixing is wrong they are more like long shorts for a medium! service was fast and courteous tho
B0057DPSQG Puma Men's 3 Pack Had these for months now (bought for son).  They are good quality and are lasting. My son said they are very comfortable and he's really glad he broke free from "tighty whitey".
B0057DPSQG Just OK........no bad....(see update) Decent for the money.....kind of cheap feeling material.  Something to wear to the gym or work, nothing more.  Doesnt really hold shape too well.  UPDATE>>>>>>POORLY MADE....after a few weeks of wash and wear..holes in the waistband already! DO NOT BUY
B0057DPSQG Perfect Perfect boxers. Just the way I expected. I totally recommend it. It a really good quality. Yes get this one
B0057DPSQG good fit they are good quality and true to size, wash well and don't shrink, waistband fits well with no stretch or fold
B0057DPSQG My son loves them. Bought these as a stocking stuffer for my son for Christmas.  They are his new favorite underwear.Received them quickly with no problems.  quality product.
B0057Z71ZK very good excellent product, very good quality, exactly as seen in the picture so it is highly recommended 100% responsible.. perfect and elegant
B0058XE0GY it's definitely worth the price it's definitely worth the price. The quality is much better than the other indoor soccer Puma shoes I got a few weeks ago. The other one teared apart just the very first time I used it.
B0058XE334 very nice high quality and look stylish!The best looking sneaker I have ever have.With white shoelace they look different and very gool too.I
B0058XE334 Good Shoes Nice and solid leather. Not the perfect look, it is kind of too wide on the front, but may be my taste is different. Good shoes for that money, for sure.
B0058XEE88 Puma Track Shoes My daughter loves these for middle school track. SO much cheaper to purchase online. The spikes are great and she has done well in these shoes. Great purchase.
B0058XEE88 Great Shoes.....she loves them! My daughter finished first in the 100 & 200 yard dash, almost beating the school record in her first meet of the year. Enough said!
B0058XEE88 Track Shoes My daughter liked the colors and the price and quality were right on the mark.  I would recommend these track shoes to anyone.
B0058XELXG Good shoes, but don't expect them to last ProsVery comfortable, good looking shoes.ConsSole on left shoe is separating after 3-4 monthsSome stitching starting coming out on them after about a month of wearing them.would not buy again
B0058XELXG Decent stylish shoe; exactly what you would expect. This shoes are comfortable and look good while being made of quality materials.  I usually am an Adidas guy but thought i would switch it up on a recent vacation.  Glad I did...my only complaint is that they are are thin looking and don't have the bulk I am used to.
B0058XF1V2 Lovely item, Awesome just as described, I bought it for a friend, now I'm thinking to buy somes for my own. very nice quality
B0058XF1V2 Great sneakers Bought these sneakers for my 15 year old son, he absolutely loved them. They very stylish an comfortable. I highly recommend them.
B0058XF1V2 Great shoes Good shoes. Very comfortable. Great quality . Very happy with them so far. The picture somewhat throws you off but the leather has quite a shine to it when you recieve them
B0058XF1V2 could be better They have a good design and colours, but the quality is not as expected. The price should be lower quality.
B0058XF1V2 Bad Quality When I saw it in the first time in the picture provided by the seller it looks good, but when I got it the quality of the product was really bad.
B0058XF1V2 Great, comfortable fit I've only had the shoes for 2 weeks now, but they are very comfortable right out of the box. Look slick, too. They do run slimmer, but they are Pumas, so you should already expect that.
B0058XF6Q2 Toe split open in three weeks I only wore these shoes to work, a process that consists of walking two blocks and then sitting in a chair all day. I did not engage in any strenuous activity while wearing these shoes. Waste of $58
B0058XF6Q2 great! bought these as a present for my dad he was very happy with them he is a puma fan so whenhe complemented the quality i just new they were great .
B0058XF6Q2 Almost Perfect I love these shoes. For once this is a shoe that looks good both online and when I receive it in the mail. The only real downside to the shoes is that the laces don't slide well on the leather so that when you're lacing your shoes up, the laces tend to rub and squeak and move slowly. Probably an easy fix but I haven't looked into it yet.
B0058XF6Q2 Average overall good product I liked the quality and value modeltransport speedand be attentive in giving information as you orderexcellent well
B0058XF6Q2 Wao I bought this shoes for a friend and he loves it, very good quality, very fast delivery and they just fixed right. He loves it and i do too.
B0058XF6Q2 No padding They seem skimpy with no real padding. I thought these would be better than the real cheap ones but are not more comfortable. They may last longer and look fancy with quality stitching and build. The graphics look good.
B0058XFAMC Ferrari buyer beware not made for people with wide feet the sizing is right on however they are a bit slim other then that great quality shoes
B0058XFAOK Excelent Quality and superfast shipping what you see is exactly what you get .. this is the original Shoe and very high quality as you would expect from Puma .. very satisfied with the product and speed of delivery ..Im currently deployed in Africa an on an FPO address and it arrived in 10 days .
B0058XFJTQ puma's product came on time. shoes are of  good quality. couldn't be happier. the price was good and I would recommend this to all of my friends
B0058XFP4A beautiful this shoes is great is beautiful and very very confortable, the quality is very very good, and is all that i wanted
B0058XFP86 super-lightweight one of the best shoes I've bought better than adidas bounde really super-lightweight 100% Recommended This is wonderful apresian quality and design ....
B0058XFP86 Son loves these shoes Young teen loves these shoes.  Ordered third pair.  Wears every day and still look good at six months.  Am replacing every 7-8 months.
B0058XFP86 Good velcro shoe My son has a difficult time tying his shoes because of fine motor issues.  These athletic shoes look cool, and they are easy to get on and off.
B0058XFP86 Came Apart Bought these shoes for my son, he loves them. They are very good looking. However, after only a month and a half. The seams are coming loose and the rubber on the front of the shoe at end of toe area has become a large loose rubber flap.My son has 2 pair shoes, one for school and one for play. These shoes are his school shoes. And don't take the abuse his play do.I am extremely dissapointed with how they are wearing, the lack of quality.I paid over seventy dollars for them. Makes me question the brand Puma
B0058XFP86 Great Shoes I have really enjoyed using these shoes this past week. Great for jogging, working out at the gym and really good for any occasion (Minus being extremely formal)
B0058XFP86 very short lived They were nice comfortable shoes, but after 3 months of heavy use there is a hole in the sole of the shoe. Very disappointed. I thought Puma would last longer.
B0058XFP86 Good Choice I purchased these sneakers for my son.  He was very pleased.  The sneakers are really attractive and a good buy.
B0058XFP86 Great shoes These are great shoes my son loves them they are so comfortable and sturdy shoes he got them for his birthday
B0058XFP86 Good job. Its worth the style and new look. But 1 star less for the price. quality of material not expected to be as its priced. after 3 months it has become loose a bit and the sole is out of shape bending forward.
B0058XFPLS Great shoes These shoes are comfortable and very nice look! Just small on the top where are your toes. The quality of shoes is good but they for improvement.
B0058XFPLS Great Shoes I needed a new pair of nice everyday shoes. These fit great and are extremely comfortable.  They look nice and I've received a lot of compliments on them.  I've been wearing them for a couple months and they're holding up better than some of my other Pumas.
B0058XFPLS high quality Wonderful purchase, high quality, bought this for my husband and he loves them. Black looks like carbon fiber which really appealed to his taste.
B0058XFPLS Great everyday shoes These have been my everyday shoes for the past 6 months. I could not be happier. These provide a good balance between fashion and comfort. They look great and are all day comfortable. They are also holding up great after 6 months, would definitely buy again.
B0058XFRLG Puma Men's Fast Cat Sneakers I bought these shoes for my 13 year old son. He did not even wear them a full day before the started ripping around the laces. I sent them back and another pair were sent, but the quality was the same. I would not recommend these shoes at all.
B0058XFXA6 Totally other shoes,. I lose my money,. I'm so disappointed This purchase was a complete thief,.. the provider sent a diferent product, the shoes was in white color,. zise was bigger 2 Centimeters,.  totally diferent style,. I hate it,. this situation its annoying,. The worse I live in central america,.  I paid the freght and taxes to rececive this product en COSTA RICA, and now I don't know what to do,.  I save a lot of time to buy this Tennis, I'm so upset with Amazon!Let met know if you need a picture of the product that you sent,.Waiting feedback and commetns about it.RegardsMarco Alvarez
B0058XFYDC OK overall for discounted price Quiclky looses the shape and seems vulnerable to even lighest rains.Good for indoor use.Nice color and shape - funky classic.Reasonable quality for discounted price.
B0058XG1CA Very poor quality Really disappointed in the over quality of this product.  The base does not support the foot very well and it is anything but soft.  I expected much high quality from a $24 flip flop.  I should have waited until spring and went to Target.
B0058XG1CA :) I love them. The price is good and cheaper than in the store and a good quality.I wear the all the time :)
B0058XGI5A Super. Shoes is very good. It is perfect for my feet. good. Puma  are very light and comfortable. Quality tailoring is at a high level.
B0058XGLKC PUMA Men's Cross-Trainer First off these Puma shoes come in a little red bag similar to those re-usable bags you see in Supermarkets. You can use this bag to transport your Puma's and there is a convenient hook to hang it if you want. The box itself does not come with a top.These cross-trainers are lightweight yet feel durable and are of good quality. The rubber-sole is flexible and bends well with your walking or running motion but at the same time gives you a good amount of cusion.Couple of slight negatives. First is that the shoes are just a bit narrow for me, not too bad but a little bit more breathing room would be nice. Secondly I'm not too wild about the design/color combo, but not a big deal though. Overall nice pair and recommended for those who do plenty of cross-training(but not for those with wide soles).
B0058XGLKC Never bought shoes online before This is my first time buying shoes online and buying Puma's in general so I was unsure what to expect. My old Sketchers provided little to no support for my feet, which I only realized by wearing these shoes for about a month then switching back to my old ones to paint. These are very breathable too! (This is a big plus because my feet are super smelly after a full day of shoes on)
B0058XGLKC My 24 year old son loves them. This is a good-looking pair of shoes.  This is the second time my son has asked for these.  Even the girlfriend approves.
B0058XGUJ4 Great Shoes. I purchased these shoes for my boyfriend to wear at work. He walks around all day, moves furniture, and carries things around. At the end of the day he said he feet felt great and that the shoes were very comfortable. They look really nice as well. I've always liked Puma shoes for their colors/designs and quality and these did not disappoint!
B0058XGZ94 Not great quality Horrible arch support. My feet were sore after wearing them all day. Would not recommend wearing these for everyday use.
B0058XH4L2 good i love puma,it is good style and good quality..also i want buy PUMA Women's Asha Shoe red sz 7.5 but Currently unavailable ..
B0058XH4L2 Puma Zandy Mesh Ballet Slipper I love my new puma ballerina style shoes.  I received them very quickly.  The shoes look great and high quality.  They are great for jeans, yoga clothes and even a casual dress.  They are going to be worn a lot.  They're my new favorites.
B0058XH5D4 sneaker performance Purchased in Jan.of 2013, they are already wearing out on the inside; also top mesh is not holding up either. I don't feel it is a good quality sneaker, to wear out in such a short time. Something is lacking and I feel it's the quality.
B0058XH5D4 i love it i use it more than one year. the black one is really good. it can keep clean and very comfortable.
B0058XH5D4 Good shoe! These bright colored shoes are great for the price. I found them to give great support for my workouts. Good quality.
B0058XH5D4 Excellent Shoes and Comfortable It is my first Puma Shoes and I Liked them! Comfortable and nice purchase :) Good Material and quality. I usually use 7.5 and this are 8 and to fit very good
B0058XH5D4 hi I love these shoes, I love them, have come out very good, very good quality, could improve the quality photos which show the products to better visualize things.
B0058XH5D4 upset. Although these shoes are very comfortable and have a nice style, I have only had them for five months and the cloth material is already starting to rip away from the front of the shoe. I would understand if I run constantly in them however that is not the case. I am a little disappointed in this product given Puma is my favorite brand of shoes!
B0058XH5D4 HOT! These shoes are AMAZING!! The quality is so perfect if you know Puma you will know they have great comfortable shoes. I have worn them twice and have received so many compliments each time. They are so pretty LOVE THEM!!
B0058XH5PM WOW I love these shoes! Pumas are so comfortable and these are no exception. They look better Than the  pictures. Amazing shoes for a good price
B0058XH5PM Love them I use them for cycling (as they have no laces) as well as walking, very comfortable and they fit just right.Build quality for the price is exceptional, plus they look great!
B0058XH5PM puma I really like the sneaker. looks even better in person. puma quality.... well we'll see how it holds up with some use
B0058XH5PM most excellent shoes I love them !  The look, the feel. The quality is good, but I wish they would breath better. Great color.
B0058XH5PM good quality puma has a very comfortable shoes and their price is excellent . i brought this ones to Ecuador and i'm very happy with their performance
B0058XH5PM Gooddd I bought for a friend, very nice, looks exactly as the picture, good quality. I bought arround 3 months ago and they still looks great.
B0058XH5PM pumas product is exactly what I expected. Same quality and same fit as I had purchased before. Very satisfied with product.
B0058XHDX6 Great looking shoes, but low quality I loved these shoes, but they broke down within 6 months of getting them (although I did wear them every day). The fabric on the inside tore and fell apart. However, if you are less of a slob than me and own more than one pair of shoes, these might last you awhile. They look slick, and I would buy them again if they were a little better quality.
B0058XHEBM Puma Basic leather The price and the look is what attracted me. and  they do look nice, only concern i have is the light weighness make it seem to be of less quality than i'm used to
B0058XHEBM GOOD ITS VERY NICE AND QUALITY TOO. I LOVE IT, SIZE TOO FITS VERY WELL TOO. I LOVE THE COLOUR TOO.
B0058XHEBM Puma Shoes Bought for a good price, classic look. The front toe bumper came loose within 2 weeks of wearing but was easy to fit with a little super glue. First time buying Puma brand thought they would have held up a little more but they are comfortable for a person with big feet.
B0058XHEBM Unsticking shoes. I bought this shoe on August month-end and two months later and the front is unsticking already. Closely examining it shows me that they forgot to stick that part so I'm disappointed in this product I have purchase. I hope you all can rectify it by examining the shoes before the customer receive them.
B0058XHEBM Nice shoes. These shoes have a great design, very light, and pretty comfortable. These shoes are perfect for those sunny and dry days, but definitely not for those rainy days, because it is pretty slippery on wet surfaces.
B0058XHGRE satisfied like that brand and quality of shoes.especially I'm really satisfied with the price of that shoes.but the only problem is width is quite wider than I expected.so please check it.
B0058XHLSI Very comfortable shoes! My 10-year old loves them and use them every day.She loves the Puma classic style and love the price.I definitely recommend this shoes for every day walking.
B0058XHY3K Great Shoes for the price For under $40, these really can't be beat. I don't use these for anything particularly athletic, but they remain plenty comfortable on long walks with the wife and chasing my daughter around the yard. I've only had them a couple of weeks so I cannot speak to their longevity quite yet but they seem to be very well made. Certainly a higher quality than anything you would expect to get at this price point.The color isn't the easiest to match but they I've got several compliments on them around the office. Getting the orange/white ones next.
B0058XHY3K Five Stars Nice product, great quality
B0058XINMG Really great shoes I love these shoes.  Fit perfectly and look expensive but weren't.  Very reasonable price for the quality.  May buy some in black also.
B0058XKUMM nice quiality very good product, excellent quality and very nice product q is a real worth buying I recommend nice ncie nice
B0058ZYUDU Does the job Not overly impressed with the quality of this product, but it should do what I need it to!  Plastic is a little flimsy.
B0058ZYXFA Comfortable, good quality, slight Very comfortable sneaker, made of good quality, slight, excellent for running and cross training.It's a excellent sport shoe for men or women.
B0058ZYXFA They are good, but not great. These are my only gym and running shoes, I originally purchased them for my aerobic fitness class last spring, and have been wearing them to the gym ever since. I have had them for about a year now and they are still in okay shape, BUT after the first two months I had them, a hole formed above my toes in the left shoe, it doesn't look pretty, but it is small and does not affect the performance so I still use these shoes. Overall, I would recommend to a friend, they shipped fine, fit well, and are a decent value. Must admit however, that my next gym/fitness shoe will not be these PUMA shoes.
B0058ZYXFA Very good runing shoes! I use them a lot for the gym, are very confortable and look very nice, for the price I paid this is the best.
B0058ZYXFA good quality great price came in a seperate red bag, best pair of gym shoes i ever owned for a very reasonable price, they fit  good not narrow like most pumas
B005901UOG Very cool and comfortable Great shoes for 14 year old medium sized girl (size 8.5). Breathable and comfortable not just for running, but also day to day walking. Unlike other athletic shoes with breathable material on the front and side, this one seems a lot sturdier. Puma is a German brand popular in Europe. I would still recommend buying separate insoles for about $20 - the ones provided with the shoe may not last that long - which is the case for sports shoes in general.
B005904BRE Third Try I orginally purchased these for my Insanity workouts, but within a few minutes of the warm up my feet were throbbing. Tried it again a few days later with the same results(minus a star). Three weeks later I decided to wear them for my brisk walks and they were perfect. So now they are my walking shoes instead of my Insanity shoes.
B00591TO48 Great toddler shoes They are study and light. He trips in lots of other shoes, but these are great. Fits his chubby feet and they go on easy even when he is wiggling. Worth the money.
B005931X2C Pumas Great product!!!!! My son loved them and they held up through everything!!!!  I would definately buy these shoes again!! A+++ service!
B00593GHYG Puma This item got here amazingly fast. It looks better than the picture. I love it. Fits perfectly, great quality! Great price.
B00593HNX0 Great look, great quality, and early delivery!!! I had a Puma sweatshirt when I was young and missed it a lot, so I wanted a new one. I got this one in the blue with the yellow design and I ADORE it. It is very bright! I am a girl, but the girl's Puma pullovers were not what I was looking for at all. This one has thin sleeves so it fit me perfectly. It looks awesome, good quality, very soft but not hot, and super comfortable. I wear it around the house, outside, and even to bed.It also came about 5 days BEFORE the estimated delivery date. It was packaged very nicely, but it wasn't overdone so they didn't waste cardboard. Not a single complaint about anything!
B00593I88Y Very nice quality. I bought this jacket as a gift for my son who is very particular about how something looks and feels. He says it is very comfortable and enjoys wearing it. It washes up nice too. I would buy it again.
B00593WGKU Great stylish shoes! My son is a big fan of the color orange and loves these shoes. The updated version of these shoes includes a higher toe guard on the front which helps for active toddlers who often will drag their toes. This was a great change from previous versions.
B00594D9E6 They Fall Apart I wish I could give these a better review, because they look pretty cool brand new.  But, the rubber on the soles comes apart from the shoes and &#34;flaps&#34; in about 1 week - seriously.  I've had two pairs (one red, and the other blue), and both did it within 1-2 weeks of normal wear.  Don't buy these.
B00594EBKC great nice quality everything was as showed,  aa  b c d e f g h i j k a f g h jk  l mn cbv
B00595IXPU Very good Very good, excellent quality. That's all that describe the product, durable materials. It is a different, very versatile. Recommend it one hundred percent.
B00595JOOY Amazing The quality its really good and very confortable. The size its just as expected. I love puma shoes, and this are really really great.
B00595JOOY Top of the puma line!!!! Puma quality everybody knows it and this are just cool shoes cusse they look more like shoes than sneakers wear them with anything and you'll be looking good and sophisticated and by the way very soft and comfortable shoes
B00595JOOY Great Shoes! These shoes look great, are comfortable, and fit well! I Love the fantastic quality of these shoes.  Wonderful upscale casual shoes
B00595JOOY Very good shoes Quality shoes. They are very nice. Maybe I would give them 4,5 star; but there is not that option. Believe me, this kind of PUMA shoes are very durable, at least for me.
B00595JOOY Wonderful shoes for price, fashionable. Great quality shoes. Good price as well. Can be a dressy and casual for any event. Item and photo as described.
B00595JOOY Love these shoes I bought these shoes because I wanted something classy yet simple to wear out with a nice pair of jeans. They are every day shoes that double as dress shoes and I love them. I get a lot of compliments on them, I would recommend these to just about anyone the leather will break in over a few weeks of wear and the suede gives a great accent to the shoes. I didn't mind they were 100$, the seller also got my order processed very quickly and my shoes came within 3 days which I was a huge fan of.
B00595JOOY Sexy, classy, edgy, awesome. I found these shoes for my husband after he wore his old PUMAs into the ground. The style of his old shoes had been discontinued and these were the closest. He has been wearing them constantly for months, and a couple of weeks ago he asked if I would buy another pair because he likes them so much and he's worried they'll be discontinued by the time he needs new ones. He  called them &#34;the most comfortable shoes I've ever had.&#34;I rarely care about or notice mens' shoes, but these are... sexy! My husband wears them to work where he's on his feet all day. However, he can wear them with almost any outfit. They make jeans look classier, and &#34;classy&#34; clothes look a bit edgier. I should mention that his feet are on the narrower side, so I'm not sure if people with wider feet would find them as comfortable.
B00595JOOY Best shoes I've ever had!!!!! These shoes are so comfortable I am wearing them out!!! They have replaced my Adidas as the go to shoes for comfort. They could be worn with Jeans, Shorts, even business casual khakis. Fast shipping and product excellent, better than described. THANKS AMAZON!!!!!!!!!
B00595JOOY great shoes shoes are great just what one would expect from a quality product. Fit and feel as if I have been wearing them all my life.
B00595JOOY A Masterpiece First, I would say I like shopping at Amazon because my purchases were given attention professionally. But more important to me was the quality of the PUMA sneaker's I bought. It was a masterpiece. The design is edgy and the shoes are fashionable. The style is reminiscent of the PUMA Brand name in sporting attire. It was a good fit and the shoes gripped my feet as desired. A good value for money!I would highly recommend this shoes to anymore especially those who like the gym or walk for exercise. You would even walk freely in the moon with these PUMA shoes.
B00599E1GQ My son loves them! I purchased these for my son, at his insistence and he was delighted when they arrived.  He's only had them for a short time now, however they fit great and so far so good.
B00599E1GQ Good shoes They are made of leather seem to be very good quality. They do run about a 1/2 number small. I got the size 7 for my son and they were very close. He was only able to wear them fro a couple of months before he outgrew them.Overall I liked the shoes.
B00599E1GQ fast ship & great shoes very good shoes and excellent price, these shoes are ideal for a play futsal, very quality leather and nice model. i recomended 100%.
B0059C9DRK Excellent This product is one of the best article that i buyer in amazon, good quality, i recommend this item to any one that want look nice and elegant
B0059CGGYS Good fit, warm track pants Very nice and good quality pants, perfect fit (size S). I use them during a night out where the temp was around 50F and felt warm. They are very much alike in quality if not equal to my Adidas Barricade Warm-Up Pants. Very satisfied. If you are size 32-34 waist size S is a good place to start if not right on.BTW, there is a Puma logo in silver color next/front of left pocket which is not shown in pictures that I found it to be very nicely done.
B005AA3KGG beautiful shoes My son is very happy whit that product and the price was very good. my son use this shoes every day
B005ADOBFM Looks cool My son love it
B005ADOKFI satisfied. The product arrived in good condicioes and with good quality and the price is excellent. I liked the packaging, to be sure.
B005B2H1FE Very functional shoes. These shoes are as cool as any pumas but what really sets them apart from others is that they are comfortable when being worn a long time and the grip from the soles is exceptional.  Very good (light) cross-trainer and fashion sneaker.
B005CAYLM6 Great shoes, great price, fast delivery! These shoes are for my 16 year old son and he loves them. You know that's good when a kid that age likes anything!
B005CAYYOQ good Shoes at the begining whit good quality.But de are too small and this is a problem. In addition today are broken and i have used for 4 month.
B005CBVO02 Light weight, nice looking, average quality I have had it for six months now but have used it for like two months. The shoes are really of light weight and they also look very bright and attractive. Fit fine although they are of a little tight front (toes area). As they are light, they feel not durable to me and no lining inside, especially in the toes area for protection. I have had a big problem so far with the shoelaces. However I tie them and whatever I do, they just get loose and I have to tie them again and again during the games. They are also of average quality and the holes they go through can so easily be torn as they have no rings, lining or anything of any material to protect then against a tightened lace once it is pulled, it is expected to go through tearing through the shoe leather.
B005CC3PL2 Poor Quality Wore it twice and it is ripping already...............fix right but the quality is poor guess wont buy another pair omg
B005CC3PL2 Waste of money I regret buying it. After wearing it for a couple weeks it began tearing. I wast my money. Please don't buy it. It's not good
B005CJM11A Great price Bought these for my toddler he loves me ey are true to size and such a good price for shoes. Toddlers grow so quick! I want good quality shoes for hi, so he doesn't get blister.
B005CK4QE4 love em I was very pleased with the shoes, and how fast they came. I love ordering shoes off Amazon, there so affordable. I have a 1yr old and I have to buy shoes often since he so grows fast.
B005CK4QE4 Lovely little shoes. Picked these up for my son after doing a bit of searching around various other sites. For the price point I was pretty happy with the aesthetics of the shoes as shown on the photographs, and we've always had good experience with the build quality of Pumas in the past.Thankfully this pair of shoes was delivered quickly and came exactly as expected. Shoe shopping online can be difficult because of the sizing, but these fit wonderfully and are definitely seem to be a quality pair of shoes so far.Definitely a quality purchase.
B005CK7W3Q Excellent High quality, very good product, my kid was so happy when she saw them, excellent product, highly recommended, great purchase,
B005CK7W3Q Poor Quality I bought these for my daughter's 4th birthday; paid over $50. I am very disappointed with the quality of these shoes. Only the right side lights up when my daughter stomps her foot. Occasionally the left side will light up with some hard stomping. Also, the printed stripe and stars appear to be smeared in some places. The overall quality is poor, though they are super cute when they actually light up.
B005CK8YHO super cool, but... this is not my first puma shoe purchase for my toddler boys.  puma is super cool already, then add rockets and lights...my kids thought they could run faster, but they do not hold up.  they looked pretty beat up after a couple of weeks and for $60+, they are not worth it.  any i would expect a leather shoe for that price and from puma, but they were kind of cheap looking.
B005CKB0WA Great shoe! I just purchased these shoes in size 8 for my 2 yr old boy and they fit perfectly. The colors are vibrant (red/blue) and have a quality, flexible sole. They appear to be comfortable (no red marks on his feet after wearing them for several hours) and light. I'm very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend for an active little boy.
B005CKB0WA Overall good shoe They run a little small but they are really cute, good quality, and my son absolutely loves them! I would definitely buy him PUMAs again.
B005CKB0WA Good shoes Love it. Good looks and quality
B005CKB0WA Great value Great look, easy care, and comfy.  Both my kids wear these for school and sports. I like quality as they are able withstand multiple washes and abuse by 7 -8 year olds.  Run small. Velcro can get a little shaggy, but I just clip the loose ends off. They dry out in about a day after washing.
B005CKB0WA Didn't Hold Up I've bought these several times over the past few years, but I won't be buying them in the future.  First, they do run small so you want to buy half a size up.  This is a Puma thing, as I've always bought half a size up in my son's Pumas.  The shoes are really cute, comfortable, and light weight.  They were perfect for my son when he was younger, as they wore really well.  (He usually rotates between two pairs of shoes.)  The last pair I bought (my son is 7) did not hold up at all--within 2 or 3 weeks they were literally falling apart.  Now that he's older, I think he does things that put more stress on his shoes.  These were fine when he was younger, but they definitely don't hold up to his play style now.
B005CKB0WA Lightweight yet supportive I got these for my almost 2 yr old son and LOVE them. They are lightweight (his prior sneakers were heavy and 'clunky') so I think they will be great for summer. The color (we have the navy) is nice and neutral and will go with many outfits. They are easy to put on and the quality seems good. I highly recommend them.
B005CKB0WA Well made and good price My son claims these shoes make him &#34;really really&#34; fast.  If you'd like for your son to also be &#34;really really&#34; fast, then these are the shoes for you.  They are light, breathable, cleanable, and sturdy.  Perfect kids shoes.
B005CKB0WA Happy feet These little sneakers are so adorable! I purchased these for my then 14 month old daughter. I've gotten lots of compliments on them & they are really cute on her little feet. Seem to be pretty durable in the few months she's worn them very frequently & she's a very energetic little one so they've been put to the test! Good value, good quality & very stylish little sneakers :)
B005CKB0WA Cute and practical shoes These shoes are better looking up close. I got them for my 6yr old daughter for her sports activities and she tells me they are very comfortable, she was happy with them running around everywhere. I tend to buy velcro shoes for sports rather than shoes with laces, so that I don't have to worry about her laces coming untied. Great buy!
B005CKB0WA Love them so much I cried My son loves the shoes! Every other shoe he tried on he cried over! He will wear nothing but these shoes. They are the best shoes I found and hold up amazingly
B005CKB0WA My Son Loves These Shoes I have been buying this sneakers for several years now.  We have found that they run about 1 full size small.  My son loves these for the ease of putting them on himself, but also because they are so lite it feels like he is not wearing shoes.  Great shoes for young children....wish velcro would continue on in larger sizes.
B005CKB0WA Ok I was disappointed in the quality of the straps. They are much flimsier and cheaper than the last pumas we ordered.
B005CKB0WA Adorable and my daughter loves them! My almost-three-year-old can be very picky about her clothing, but she LOVES these shoes!  She wants to wear them every day.  They are very lightweight and look comfortable.  Her foot is on the narrow side and these fit her well.  Love the velcro - easy to get on and off.  We've had them only for a month or so but they barely look worn and are holding up well with almost everyday wear. I will be buying these in the next size up when she outgrows them!
B005CKB0WA Five year old loves them Great fit, sturdy shoe.  These shoes are perfect for kids. My five year old loves them and I would buy them again.
B005CKB0WA LOVE these shoes for my 5 year old I bought these for my five year old and he LOVES them! They are easy for him to put on, comfortable and seem to be holding up great. We bought last years model for my older son and they are still in good condition after daily wear for a year... so worth the price!
B005CKB0WA Cute shoes...not for long We love Puma shoes.  We bought these for our 2.5 yr old son.  He wears them to school only...they lasted only 3 weeks and there were holes in them.  I was greatly disappointed.  Our $10 shoes from Academy lasted much longer than this!  We should have made these church shoes instead.  So...bottom line: look great, but don't have the durability needed for a child this age.
B005CKB0WA Therapy I purchased this shoes for my 7 year old son to wear during his physical therapy sessions.  The grips and the flexibilityon these shoes are perfect for him
B005CKB0WA great shoe my son loves these shoes.. the velcro works well and fit is snug. I hope these last at least a year
B005CKB0WA really nice tennis shoes This tennis shoes are very stylish and comfortable as told by my 6 yr old son. Great color and would definitely buy these again.
B005CKCNE4 okay this shoes were a great price when i purchased them. they looked nice at the beginning but as my son wore them the stitching in the front started to come a loose
B005CKDW76 Irregular Item Advertised as "New" VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!  The tongue of each shoe is almost an inch too short. The blue/white trim around the toe is poorly sewn and is falling apart... Had my son not worn them, I would have IMMEDIATELY returned the shoes, as they were a complete and total waste of money for a name brand &#34;nice, new&#34; pair of Puma shoes.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE!!
B005CKDW76 Fashionable shoes It is a very nice urban shoes for my son. He loved it very much and it fix perfectly well
B005CKDW76 great shoes My Son loves these shoes and they are easy on with no laces to tie!  Could not be happier with these shoes.
B005CKDW76 Very nice shoes Really cheap.The quality that  a Mom need for his kids.Comfy, and easy to put.My 3 years Old baby wear it Daily. He Love Them
B005CKDW76 To my next son I bought it thinking in my two year old son. But, my mistake, it does not fit. It looks very fine and we will keep it for our next son.
B005CKHBP0 Love em I bought these for my 17 month old. They have good grip at the bottom unlike the prewalker shoes. Easy to wear and pull em off with squirmy babies... Can't compare pumas with anything!
B005CKHBP0 Very durable shoes It is well made. So far my son wears for 2 years off the school. It is easy to put on.
B005CKHBP0 great shoes!! Awesome shoes, fit perfect, my son loves thwm and wears them everyday.  Will keep on buying this style of shoes as long as they are available
B005CKJWW0 Cute shoes Ordered these shoes for our 3 year old son.  He absolutley loves them and so do I!  They have velcro straps on them which makes getting them on and off easy, however, they don't look tacky like some shoes with velcro straps.
B005CKPONQ Very very poor quality shoe My daughter wore these shoes twice.  And she is not my son, who runs all day and I do expect his shoes to wear off fairly fast.  The second day she wore these shoes, the cloth around the ankle had 2 cracks, and the stitches holding the front rubber broke and part of the rubber came off.I have not had such a lousy experience with kids shoes that I have bought at Walmart!  Puma brands itself as a somewhat "luxury" sneaker brand, but the quality is really bad --at least for this model.  I will probably never buy Puma for kids again.
B005CKPONQ Poor velcro strap The shoes look terrific, but the velcro strap is surprisingly short.  When my son puts these on, it doesn't take long before the velcro releases its grip and his shoe comes off... repeatedly.  If the strap were lengthened and 5 cents more velcro were used, the shoe would stay on and be perfect.It's unfortunate, because he loves these shoes.
B005COWQH4 poor quality This toe of the shoe came unglued months after i bought these:( really cute shoes but poor quality.) The size also run small
B005COYKXC Awesome I have been buying Pumas for my son since he could walk. These are great sneakers and he really likes them. All the pumas I have bought wear very well.
B005COYKXC Lindo!!! This shoe is very good and beautiful, it was perfect for my son, he loved it!!The quality is really good.The only thing is the price we thought a little above.
B005COYRD0 Nice shoes for the price These are nice shoes for the price to wear in spring and summer. Haven't really tried them out so I dont know if they are comfortable but they look nice.
B005CPIN9I puma powercat receiveid them today.... my ten year old son just loved them. they fit nicely he says they are confortable and look very good
B005CPLYR6 buy there really nice shoes look really cool i saw some on soccer.com for a higher price i suggest u get them not a waste of money at all.
B005CPYA2M really good but the quality is not the best..this will last a few games and thats it, but they are comfty and fits well
B005CVKA4I Great sneakers Sneakers can promptly in secure packaging and in new condition. I love pumas since they run wider, my 6 year old wears size 3 and so he's having fun tying is shoes. He's rough in stuff and has been wearing for a few weeks and they still look great.
B005CVWYPG Nice shoes My daughter is loving these. Nice materials. Quick deliver. Always have like Puma shoes. These are no exception to quality of Puma.
B005CVWYPG worst shoe ever My 7 year old daughter had these last year and loved them.  We bought them again this year.  Puma has downgraded the quality of this shoe.  It is flat, no support, no shape to the insole, and feels like plastic.  School was starting so she had to keep them.  She has wore them for five days and is experiencing horrible pain in her heels and ankles.  We are buying the new balance.
B005CVWYPG Lovely great shoes, my little girl loved it very much and slept holding it :). The size was excellent and the high quality was clear. I highly recommend it
B005CVY9RW Love them My daughter doesn't want to take this off and she's been falling a lot less wearing these shoes I always hate spending so much on kid shoes but well worth it
B005CVY9RW Great baby shoes They are cute! They look even better in person than the picture! They go on easy which is great because my 5 month old girl is always kicking her feet around... Thank you
B005CVY9RW Scuff Too easily They were very easily scuffed and the leather came off the front within two weeks. They are cute...but I wouldn't buy them again.
B005CVY9RW I loved thses plus they are adorable I loved these shoes for my daughter. They helped out a lot because they were very light weight for when she first started walking. I recommend these shoes.
B005DHLO4G Excellent looking and Decent quality Is a good quality product, I really like the design. Comfortable and great for going to the gym to workout or just for a casual use. if you like the Ferrari style or the black & red combination, this jacket would be an excellent option.
B005DIOKMS A good buy. I bought these for playing tennis, to protect my skin from the sun. The sizing is good, and the fit is flattering. The fabric is slightly, but not too shiny.Each pocket holds two tennis balls. The pants DO NOT have zips at the ankles, so may not suit someone who just wants warm up pants.Have worn and washed once a week for about four months, and they are almost as good as new.I really like them, but slightly prefer the KSwiss Accomplish pants I bought at the same time.
B005DO6KUW Very stylish, high quality, but pant waistband/fit could be better We always get tons of compliments, oohs and ahhs when my daughter wears this and everyone wants to know where we got it, so it's super stylish. And it's high quality too. The only downside is that the wait band is not super stretchy, so the toddler wearing the pants needs to fit them just right. In my daughter's case she's tall and skiny so the pants are a bit loose and sometimes the ride down on her bottom as a result. Wearing the outfit with a onesie seems to help.
B005DO6KUW Poor Quality and Poor Fit Though the jogging suits are cute, the quality is not what I would expect for the price. I was very disappointed in this purchase and would not recommend.
B005DTR72W Horrible Horrible quality...shoe isn't as good as it looks on the picture. Quality is horrible I even wonder if it was manufactured by puma
B005DTS9SS Great pair of sneakers I bought this shoes a while ago. They fit perfectly, the quality is excelent, the feel really comfortable and light. I really recommend this shoes.
B005F17KYI Good quality and nice look I bought this outfit for my son he is 3yrs and he loves it! It looks really nice, the pants are kind large but its okay it still fit he will grow.. Good material also
B005F17KYI Great product Great material. Fits true to size. Nephew loves it. Its of good quality. Very stylish. Will be purchasing more for my son.
B005F17KYI Excellent quality This out fit is excellent quality, great color. I took a star because my son is tall for 5 and the pants are still a bit long. I'll get them tailored... :-( Otherwise, perfect cozy sporty outfit for fall.
B005F17KYI I love it I loved this boy clothes. He was perfect for my little nephew. It looks very good quality and very cheap.
B005F17KYI love it Great quality! My 6 year old loves this! I'm glad I ordered a size up it fits more like a 6 than a 7
B005F17KYI good outfit Very very good product fit my son as expected the colour  are amazing excellent material good price nice to wear
B005HEJK3W Great golf shoe especially for the money I got these golf shoes for my 13 yr old son and he loves them a lot. He has used them once and they were very comfortable. He also likes the style which was a strong consideration for him.
B005HEJK3W Periodic Golfer I golf about 10-15 times a year and was in need of some new golf shoes.  I've enjoyed Puma brand shoes on other occasions and liked the style of these.  I've worn them out once already and really enjoyed them.  The cleats on the bottom dig into the grass/sand/etc very well for stability on each shot.  You can also remove each cleat for easier cleaning or repair.  These shoes run a bit narrower than other golf shoes I've worn, but that's pretty typical of Puma.  I broke these in pretty well on my first round of golf and my feet were not sore at all, even though they are new shoes.  Fairly easy to keep clean after the round as well.  I was complemented on these a few times while on the course.  Would recommend to anyone looking for some style and stability in their golf shoes.
B005HEJK3W Great! My 14 year old son loves it.  Perfect fit and very comfortable.  Plays golf all the time....even better than pic.
B005HEKWM0 excellent Golf shoe that turns heads! I purchased these shoes for the 2013 golf season and love the look and feel of the shoe. the quality is top notch and comfort level is amazing. I shot my lowest round to date wearing them. I own 2 other pears of golf shoes and coincidentally all of my lowest rounds of the year were played in the shoes....hmmmm... Love em!
B005HEL0G2 Where's the Quality? Have worn them for 1 week of golf and there is a break in the sole already.  I had to have surgery so I have not contacted the seller yet.
B005HEL4W2 Great golf shoes My Husband ordered these and has been using them nonstop for a couple months. He loves them, fit is good and they look very nice!
B005HELTQ8 Happy bag Good pockets. Comfy strap. Zippers are high quality. Can fit everything pretty well for a weeks vacation or ski trip. No negatives so far.
B005HEM8RW Five Stars High quality, big.
B005HEN3GW Puma Golf Shoes Great fit, exceptional quality.  Will only buy Puma golf shoes and clothing from this point forward.  The price is usually in the ball park.  Thanks Puma!
B005HEN3GW Great shoe for the price Chose the Puma for low price, but am extremely happy at the comfort and quality. Comfortable from the first wearing. The spikes are firm and provide good stability, where other shoes I have are are rubbery. All in all I am quite happy with the shoes.
B005HEN3IK Great shoe Sleek look.  Very comfortable, no need for break in time.  Good quality.  Good grip, very stable when driving. Would highly recommend
B005HEPGOO Love Puma! Got this backpack a few days ago and I love it, great quality and design. Puma like always makes great products!
B005HEPKLS EXCELENT PUMA SHOES ACCUSTOMED EXCELLENT QUALITY AS A TAKE ON SALE VERY PLEASED WITH FULLY RECOMMENDED PRODUCT AND A LOT LIKE EXCLENTE BUY PRICE OFFER QUALITY
B005HEPXDI Just what expected My son loves these, he is 9 years old and they are so comfortable, easy to keep clean and he uses them at least 3 times a week and they are wearing nicely.
B005HEPXDI I ordered red and they Came pink!!! My 8 year old chose these red Puma shoes and when he san them he said he won't wear fuscia girl golf shoes :-(
B005I6YAU2 Fantastic! My son really wanted these shoes, but we could not find them in a store. We ordered them from Amazon. They are wonderful! The size was right-on, and the quality is fantastic. I highly recommend these shoes.
B005IW8ING very uncomfortable My 9 year old liked the look but couldn't wait to get them off after half a day at school.  She had red skin close to blisters on top of her feet.  If anyone's considering buying these, go to a store and check them out for yourself: there are thick seams of overlapping materials inside each shoe, just where the laces begin. You won't see them unless you unlace the shoe completely and look inside, or stick your hand inside and feel them.  That's what was causing a lot of friction and pain.  I checked her other sneakers just to see if they have similar seams, which they do, except they are nice and flat.  I'm very disappointed considering how much these cost.  We'll stick to asics and adidas from now on.
B005LC5FTS Nice bag This is a very nice backpack and is the perfect size.  The colors look really nice.  The quality is nice.
B005LCE58A even better than expected I had high expectations for this bag, but when it arrived I was even more impressed with the quality and attention to detail. Very versatile and well-thought-out pockets.
B005LCE58A Its useful I like it , the quality probably isn't what I expected, but i really like the compartments, and how you can separate your shoes from your clothes.
B005LCE58A Handy and Durable The PUMA 20 Inch Duffel Bag is perfect for the gym. The quality is exceptional and each pocket, especially the one separating shoes from the rest of your stuff, is located conveniently and is easily accessible. The color of the fabric and the details, such as stitching and sipper tags, add to the quality feel of the bag. I've been using this product for a while and can say that it is very durable.Pros:- Lightweight, durable- Separate compartment for shoes- Quality materialsCons:- None
B005LCE58A Excelent 100 % recommended good price and good quality. I can put everyting inside because it's a real good size. Perfect.
B005LCE58A Poor quality. I bought mine about a month ago Poor quality. I bought mine about a month ago, and it started to rip apart near the zipper already with minimal usage. Not impressed!
B005LCENV4 i dont really use it all all meh its just been chillin in my garage. it doesnt pull though when it needs to so its shinted. there are better quality gym bags. sorry puma. i like you but it seems like quality wasnt in the instuctions when you made this
B005LCENV4 Love it A much higher quality bad then I would have thought!  Feels like it will last forever. I like it very much
B005OKOXYK A great pair of shoes! Great quality,fit,and style!I have had these shoes for a little over a year and they have been comfortable and have held up very well.
B005OKXALW Two Stars The quality of these shoes was not as good as other shoes I've gotten from Puma.
B005OKXIC8 So I'm color blind I actually thought this was red and navy blue.  It's red on red.  I get a lot of comments about the shoes, not my eyes..........and they're mostly very good.The quality is outstanding and they're the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.5 stars.
B005OL9LH8 Absolutely awesome design but surprisingly heavy Very high quality and extremely good looking shoes. But I was surprised by their weight - they are on the heavy side compared to other similar sneakers, like Puma Benny Breaker I always wear. The fit is perfect.
B005OLK5QO QUALITY The QUALITY of this shoe is amazing! My son has received so many compliments on these shoes. They are classic, simple, sleek shoes! LOVE them!
B005OMEGTA Stylie Had the silver option in these shoes and knew they were a quality product. Hope Puma continues to make this style.
B005OMEM2Q Not bad, just not the high quality I had hoped This purchase was to replace a well-worn pair of Puma shoes that lasted a long time, even though my son was terrible about keeping them wiped off, etc.  He loved the way  they fit and looked.  The shoes we saw online were in the same price range, so we figured they would be similar quality.  As soon as I saw them in the box, I was turned off because the leather seemed a little "plasticky" and not as nice as the old ones were when they were new.  It was going to cost too much to return these. So we kept them.  They fit and they look ok, but since they are not as sharp looking, they don't get worn that much, so I suspect they will last a very long time.
B005OT0TRQ It is a good product The shoes meet my expectation. The price is reasonable and the shoes are very comfortable. It is a good brand!
B005OT1FQA Great shoes!! Very confortables, light and nice style. I have plantar fasciitis and this style does not bother at all. Great shoes.
B005OT25G4 Not Puma usual quality I have worn Puma's for years and love them&#8230;these shoes are well below my expected quality from Puma.  The white area on the shoe is like iron on tape&#8230;.really tacky.  The shoes are super lightweight but offer no support to your foot.  Not sure what these are really good for, not exercising or walking long distances for sure.  Very disappointed!
B005OT9Q98 perfect shoes. I needed running shoes and I bought these shoes. It's been a year since I've purchased them (Jan 2013) and just NOW i have seen that they have started to tear from the inside. That means they last at least 1 year. If I took better care they probably wouldn't have ripped. Definitely will buy again, and just because they ripped doesn't mean I can't wear them because it doesn't stab my foot or give it blisters.
B005OT9Q98 Not up to par I've been wearing Puma Speedkats for several years, and love them. Sadly they've discontinued that line, and Fast Cat seems to be the closest new style. Sad to say the quality is not there, nor is the fit or comfort.These run smaller than the SpeedKat, so be aware of that. Worse still are the laces that broke within a month of use, and the little suede tabs to secure one section of laces (instead of eyelets) have all broken off as well. I am not hard on my shoes, nor am I abnormally strong.....this is normal use.I won't buy them again, and I am sorry that PUMA felt this was an acceptable substitute.
B005OTA9R6 Afordable price. If any body wants a quality puma's shoes for an excellent lower price get this ones, on top of that the quality and design are tremendous, go ahead and get yours.
B005OTA9R6 Cool looking! I am impressed with the style and quality of these dance shoes.  I am looking forward to wearing them, soon!
B005OTA9R6 Puma dance shoe Item came very quickly.  Quality is excellent.  These shoes feel great when I'm in dance class.  I love these shoes.  Glad I brought them. Puma has done it again!
B005PGVYJK Excellent product I really liked this product. They note that it is very good quality and it feels very comfortable to use. I highly recommend them
B005PVNAT2 Affordable Clubhouse sneaker I bought two pairs, one of this and one of the Reeboks to where when I get done playing golf and venture in the clubhouse. They are a comfortable shoe, get plenty of people asking "how much" so..I swear I can set up my own sneaker shop just by placing orders on here. THey were something like $40 I think at the time of purchase..they are a much better quality than the sneakers that were purchased at Wally-world but not the same quality as Foot Locker....however, with amazon selling sneakers, there's no reason to go and pay $100+. My suggestion....you've been wearing them same holy sneakers for x amount of time; what's another couple days of waiting for these to arrive?
B005R506IO Sole is falling off My 8 year old has had these shoes for school for less than 2 months and the turquise rubber part of the both soles near the heels are coming off the rest of the shoe! Kids tennis shoes should be somewhat more durable than that
B005R506IO Can be better for this price Actually, picture looks much better then original, I had buy Adidas speakers at the same price,made from real leather and with much better quality. So I am not happy with this one. Of course, my son will wear this ones, but I will not buy same again
B005R506IO Son loves these They are great sneakers and look good for school or park.  They are easy to clean. Exactly as shown.My son says they make him run faster. ;)
B005R506IO My son loved the shoes I got these shoes for my son and he loves wearing them. He says they feel comfortable and he likes the way they look.
B005R506IO Great shoes and value for money Shoes is a perfect fit for my daughter - very comfortable and very good value for money too. Great for school.
B005R506IO Unsticking in the front after 2 days First time i ever had to deal with this problem ..... two days my daughter went out to school with it and came back home the second evenin and showed me the unsticking to the front. her school sneakers normally last her a full year of constant use. terrible!
B005S0PAN4 Poor Quality Despite the positive reviews about the quality of this shoe, we have had the opposite experience.  Within about a month of wearing the shoes, one of the Ferrari logos came off.  Now, after just a few months, the stitching on both shoes is coming undone in multiple places where the two pieces of leather meet.  Every pair of shoes we've purchased for him have been Pumas and we've been satisfied until this pair.  For as expensive as they were, I expected them to be of much better quality and last longer than a few short months.
B005S0PF1G good for kids my son loved these.
B005S0PF1G Love Puma Brand A good, durable shoe for my 2.5 year old. He's wore Pumas since he's been able to wear shoes and they always hold up so good.
B005S0PF1G Puma is a perfect shoes for boys Its confortable and with a Good quality. My  son loved it and uses all the time. Its perfect To go To school.
B005S0PF1G Love these shoes I got these for my 4 year old son and we both love them. The shoes is soft, almost like infant shoes. But they are still really cool and he says they are really comfortable. I will definitely be buyin him another pair next summer.
B005S0QEXE Not for rough or daily use They look exactly as the picture, fitted perfectly, but they are not for kids with a lot of energy, my son used them a few times and they already have one part of the sole peeled off.
B005S0QEXE Adorable shoe but falling apart already The shoe itself is absolutely adoriable on my two year old. Super lightweight and we love having shoes that tie for him as he cannot take them off himself. My husband noticed last night that the sole is starting to peel awaay from the bottom of the shoe already. He is only two and has worn them for less than two weeks.
B005S0QEXE Stylish Shoes These shoes are slim and very stylish.  My daughter really likes them. The only problem is that the bottom rubber part of the sole on both shoes started to peel off after about a month of almost daily wear.  My husband fixed it will a little Gorilla Glue.  No biggie! These are great for preschool playgrounds.
B005S1F8TY very good gift excellent quality, very sturdy, my daughter loved ....i recomended .... ... ... ... .. .. . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
B005S6ZFHE Seriously...better than I expected!!! Did expect the quality but, these are very well made.  The stitching very nice.  The length is great and the color is true to the picture.  Definitely a Ferrari red.  The Puma tag is discrete  and stylish.  No shipping issues.
B005ZFCUIA Good Quality, Fits and Looks Great I'm very happy with these shoes! I use them primarily for walking and working out in the gym; they provide great support without being heavy or bulky.
B005ZFCUIA Worth every penny! As any new shoes are, they required a little breaking in. However, it only took a week of wearing them four days in a row to become comfortable enough to wear everyday and run for a short period of time. Definitely my favorite shoes
B005ZFCUIA Really bright and cute and comfortable Very cushion-y.  Nice looking.  Good quality.  Great colors.  I like these a lot and would buy another pair.  They are very soft inside.
B005ZFCUIA Cute shoes but they don't last very long I got these shoes and really loved them, but it only took about 4 months for holes to develop in the mesh of the toe.
B005ZFCUIA Good purchase My wife bought them for the gym and so far the experience has been very good. The shoes look really good.
B005ZFCUIA worth the money I normally wear a 9 in most shoes but in puma tennis shoes I need a 9.5. Puma, especially voltaics and riaze are super comfy, I plan to keep buying puma in the future, well worth the money
B005ZJPAGA Not the best I bought this for my little boy to match his new black puma shoes and thought it was super cute. It got here faster than expected but the quality is not that great. We havent had it but a month and he's worn it twice and the threading is coming undone. Im dissapointed.
B005ZJPTYS Great kids jacket Bought this as a birthday gift for my godson.  The jacket that I received was great/original quality and looks great on a five year old.  Definetely recommended!
B005ZKE4IE Great track jacket My 8 year old son loves this Jacket . He was given this as a birthday present with the track pants that match and put on it as soon as he opened it. I checked the quality of the material and was very happy with the look and feel. It is lightweight and comfortable.Would definitely recommend.
B0060LRT5M Very good quality An original product with very good quality. It was the right pant I was looking for my son. I received what I expected in the commited time.
B0061NY7QI Good quality These are great water shoes from Puma. I took them shellfishing in the states and also to some pebbly European beaches. They performed admirably and as a huge bonus they don't look goofy like most other water shoes.  I am very satisfied with both the design and quality. Great product. Thanks, Puma, from me and from my feet.
B0064ITPKI Shoes not here yet! Ordered shoes a long time ago, still haven't arrived.  Would like to give a good review, but if the quality of the shoe matches the quality of whoever shipped it (and the method shipped), this is not a good sign.
B006H1NNPU very good shoes I love this brand of shoes, are of very good quality at a very affordable price. My child is happy, likes to play a lot of football with these shoes.
B006IQVU54 Cute, but not of lasting quality Disappointing for a name brand shoe.  The velcro did not hold up.  My daughter wore these one season and the velcro started to come apart, and threads were hanging loose.  I hadn't even thrown them into the wash!  The design also lacks an arch, so my daughter had a little trouble walking in these, being too flat for her feet.  The shoes will have to be tossed instead of handed down to her little sister.  They are cute, but I would have been better off buying a pair of generic sneakers from Babies R US.  I would have gotten the same quality or better!
B006IWD6HS perfect!!! Product came brand new, came sooner then expected and my son loved them. How ever they were a bit big but he will be able to wear them next year as well if they arent too beat up. Love the quality and price.
B006IX2I62 good cleat good indoor soccer shoe- comfortable and looks cool too.  My 7 year old will continue to wear even after soccer is over.
B006IYT7ZG Lower quality than expected The material was very stiff and thw width seemed a bit wide. Quality was not what I was looking for. Stylish, but going back.
B006J7WSEY Good cleat I like the cleats, they started out being great for my 4 year old son.  However, after about 2 weeks playing in them he complains of one spot constantly hurting him.  I would guess this is related to them being a little narrow.  Overall I really like them
B006J7WSEY Boy loves these These look great and seem good quality. Fit like a normal size 5 would. A little big but room to grow
B006J7WSEY Ok.... Cheap quality...was expecting more.  Felt very cheap.  I would not buy these for my son again.  Hopefully they will last through soccer season.
B006JCTRDO Son LOVES them and they've held up well My 10 year old son has these shoes in black and LOVES them. Because of this, he has worn them almost every day for the last 6 months. They have held up wonderfully, and don't look 6 months old at all.I should add that my son has flat feet and wide feet and, with many shoes, complains that his feet hurt often. We put some OTC insoles in these shoes, and he hasn't complained once.I'm on this page to order another pair in a larger size.
B006JTMEI2 Great snickers I always end up buying Puma shoes for my kids, the quality is excellent. They are comfortable, lightweight, stylish and pretty resilient.
B006L2WF2M Good Shoes Good shoes, to use today to get out and about, are good and durable and are easy to wash. Fine
B006MO7AY2 perfect for running These are my favorite shorts for running. They are short, but not too short. The feature that I really love is the elasticized band at the hips - no messing with drawstring ties that you have to adjust. They are of high quality and have already gone through many, many washings. After purchasing the black and grey ones, I promptly ordered the two remaining colors. I only wish there were more!
B006OEGJO2 Just like the pros. These shoes are just what we expected.  My son golfs 5 to 6 times a week and these have been the best shoes he has owned.  I would not hesitate to order them again.
B006OEGJO2 Best golf shoes ever!!! Wow, these shoes fit perfectly, are so comfortable and I swear I am hitting the ball straighter and further since I started wearing them this year and shooting lower scores. My season is off to a great start and I am going to say it is the shoes. These are unbelievably good and at a great price. Highly, highly, highly recommend them.
B006OEY2NC Just as i hoped they'd be This is a fine, comfortable, stylish golf shoe.  I would definitely purchase another pair. Good quality, good looks, good bargain
B006OEY2NC Really Comfortable, Really White Golf Shoes! Got these new shoes as my old golf shoes were falling apart.  Was looking forward to going spikeless.  Shoes were delivered two days ahead of estimated date.  Wore them around the house for the next two evenings.  Played a round of golf in them on the third day.  Extremely comfortable!  Good purchase.
B006OG0FA4 grat shoes Nice shoes, my girlfriend love it, It have high quality it is how expected this shoes are recomended for amateurs golf people
B006OG0FA4 Good quality. Run a little tight. Great shipping. Item is just like the photo. Good quality shoes but they do fit a little snug. Hoping they loosen up after a few wears.
B006PADP1U Nice Quality I bought these for my Dad and he really likes them.  They are very comfy and wash up nicely.  The quality is superb!
B006QO2XP4 Velcro Wears Out Fast The shoes were great at first. However, the are fastened with velcro. The velcro has weakened after three months of wear. I can not find a way to make the velcro sticky again. Am no longer wearing the shoes, since they come undone all the time while walking or driving.
B006QO2XP4 Love these Shoes I am a waitress, and I work long hours on my feet.  I've been wearing these shoes for almost two weeks, and I haven't had any problems!  I plan on buying another pair when I wear these out!!!
B006QO2XP4 Would recommend Happy with the product, will consider to buy it again. Very comfortable, good quality, easy to fit on, can wear with the jeans.
B006QOI4L6 Nice quality These shoes look great and are of nice quality but they seem to run larger than other Pumas I own. In fact, I would recommend ordering at least 1/2 size smaller.
B006QOIEY8 Perfect fitness shoes Great quality and comfortable fit.  Exactly what I needed for my zumba class so I am very satisfied with this purchase.
B006QOIQ4Q nice shoes. It's not the best color option but hey I loved how i got a nice deal on this before Christmas. It feels good on my feet and a bit of ventilation. I don't use it always since I'm taking care of it. It's one nice shoes for me and with the deal I had with this it's worth every penny.
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes Thank you Puma for making such a fine product. They fit perfectly to my foot and demonstrate Puma's consistence on putting out a quality product. I love your soccer cleats and now I am a fan of your running shoes.
B006QOJ8PM These shoes look great! Following the advise of others that purchased these shoes, I ordered them in a slightly larger size than I normally purchase and they fit and feel great.  Fast delivery, quality purchase.
B006QOJ8PM A hit! These were a gift for my son=in-law and he liked them very much.  Good quality at a fair price so awesome results for us.
B006QOJ8PM My Son only wears Puma My son wanted these for Christmas. He has large wide feet and these are very comfortable for him. The styling is clean and the quality is consistently good. He is a loyal Puma customer and it looks like this will continue for many years to come.
B006QOJ8PM cheap Puma D. shoes are worth about what I pay for themAnd $39 I really should not expect moreI will be more discriminating next time
B006QOJ8PM Good buy I bought these for my son. They fit him well and look nice with jeans. He doesn't have any complaints. They were a good buy.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoes They are some really good shoes. Fits really well. Feels great on the feet. Could not have for anything better
B006QOJ8PM Good for the price Fast shippingThey run a bit on the big sideBewareOther than that they look great!Good quality running shoes
B006QOJ8PM Comfortable and great looking These shoes have worn really well over the past few months and they still look great, so they wear well.
B006QOJ8PM Cool I got these shoes for my 21 year old son.He never wore Pumas before but he loved them.They are really sharp.
B006QOJ8PM Sporty Look these shoes have a sporty look however they have poor Ankle support. If you need that then avoid. They also feel to be of a lower quality than previous Puma shoes I have purchased in the past but for the price I consider them 1 year disposables. The look is catching and I would buy again for the price.
B006QOJ8PM Nice design, poor quality I love PUMA shoes but a bit disappointed with my recent purchase. The out sole quality didn't hold up at all. I had to glue the outsole after a week of wearing it on both feet.
B006QOJ8PM Great Shoes, Worked out with them last night! These were great, I got them on a lightning deal for 40% off.  Cant beat the comfort and quality for under 40 dollars.
B006QOJ8PM COOL! Nice cleats to run and to go to the gym! I use it every day! Beautiful design! High quality! Thanks PUMA!
B006QOJ91U Awesome Sneakers Very comfortable sneakers. Love the design and dressy appearance. The quality of the sneakers was great and I am very happy with this purchase!
B006QOK6TY poor quality suede They were tight on the sides and there was a small tear in the suede chocked up to poor quality. In an earlier review I said they were awesome sneakers, but that's before I noticed the tear
B006QOK6TY good company Shoes were great and they arrived on time as advertised.  I would do business with this company again they are legitimate and of good quality.  The shoes were small but not due to company but my decision to go smaller.
B006QP38XY Nice ... but ... Overall nice ... but not appreciating some green foam, sticky whatever blob thingy on one of the laces that can be removed. A blind person in quality control should've seen this!
B006QP38XY Great shoe My 15 yr old son bought these here on Amazon. They are comfortable, look great, very popular among teens. Worth the price!
B006QQ0WYG Great shoes, double check sizing Fantastic shoes, great quality, look awesome, really stand out. Just double check the sizing or the might be a little small, the sizing isn't very clear. They aren't very wide.
B006QQ11IM Very nice sneakers! I love the design of this sneakers, very good quality and fits like a glove! The shipping was in time, I would recommend to everyone!
B006QQ11IM Pumas i really like the shoes and really happy with the price, so I got my moneys worth, and the shoes were dilveired faster than I expected too. Thank you!
B006QQ11IM Really comfy, good shoes Bought these about a year ago from a store. Super comfortable and really good to walk in. Looks good with skinny but not tight jeans. After bout a year the ruber perforated part started to rip and then continued to rip. they ripped where the cussion around the ankle part meet the perforated part. Both started ripping at the same time. Then again i wore them almost every single day, played sports in them, and really beat on them and although they are ripped they are stil really comfortable. About to order another pair. Hope puma does not stop making these for some time because they are sweet shoes.
B006QQ14NY in love well i purchase this for me, it was perfect the material quality  Works perfectly really like it! in love of it
B006QQ14NY not the best quality they were tight at first, but seem to fit better now. not the best quality of shoe. but they will do.
B006QQ1B3W very nice and comfy they are very relaxing to wear. I have gotten alot of compliments already because they are styling shoes. The shoe overall is of great quality.
B006QQ1C5E love them good quality, very stylish, they look good with all outfits. have a happy new year everyone in the world! thanks
B006QQ1CCW Good and nice Its realy good, i was expected that quality will be perfect and nice, i will suggest this item to my friends
B006QQ1DUI Nice looking, so so  quality These tennis shoes look really good. Great fashion and confortable, the only problem was that one of them started to rip in the front just after three or so wears :(  we took it to a local shoe repair shop to get fix but I was expecting more from this kind of brand
B006QQ1HZ4 wonderfull I bought this shoes for  a gift  and  i  am fascinated.  really  you can't  find this quality + price  i  recommended this  .
B006QQ1HZ4 I love it! Awesome deal!!! They are as I expected, the quality is very good and are a great price. Buy fully recommended
B006QQI3ZQ Great product! I bought this shoes for a friend and he loved it, better than expected, look very good quality, not cheap at all. This is the third pair of puma i bought for him, and he just can't stop buying then.
B006QQI76Q Seemingly poor quality The sneakers look great initially, however less than 2 months after purchasing a pair the material around the eye loops for some of the laces have already started to tear.  These sneakers will probably not even last half a year which at 70$ is unacceptable.
B006QQI76Q Good mark, excellente shoes I always wait the opportunity to buy a Puma shoes, until tested then. Comfortable, light, and finally look at a good price.
B006QXPX9I Quality Product; Nice Style Had been looking for a Puma pull-over sweat shirt with a hood for a while.  This one was just what I was looking for.  The color is a little more cream than white, but has a nice look none-the-less.  Received it right away and was very pleased.  It's thick and comfortable and appears to be a good quality product.  Have paid more money for much less quality in the past with other products, so I was very happy that it was something I can wear for a long time.
B006QXPZT6 Pretty nice Pants were not the highest quality , but for the price they are great , a little baggy but long ,which is great.
B006QXPZT6 Favorite Lounge and Activity Pants... These are quality pants with two pockets. Great as a set of PJ's you can answer the door in, go play sports, or even be seen in public wearing. A one-pair-of-pants for every occasion!
B006QXPZT6 this is it very nice fits perfect looks good did not expect it to be as good as it is.I am going to a new set but more expensiveit is worth the money.
B006QYHHFU super warm and great quality We bought this oversized for my 12 year old son. It's really comfy and great quality. Definitely a great buy
B006QYTFSC Great quality This hoodie, was well made.  It is very soft and keeps you warm in cold places.I would purchase a second one!
B006R6TTVW Puma kids boys 8-20 performance muscle tee, blue Nice quality, size is fine, the workmanship is good, the fabric is great for sports as it will dry quickly when my son gets sweaty.
B006R7TQE6 Love it Love it. It came on time and looks as good on as on the computer. Good purchase and worth the money.
B006SZ5JP2 Very nice definitely good quality. my husband loves it, it's not too sporty and fits with lot of outfits. Thanks Puma and Amazon :)
B006SZ5MN6 good design fits well. trendy. good as a gift for somebody.Well know brand, quality not known yet. hopefully last long. light in weight
B006SZ5QXM Excelent! Always trust the Puma! - nice quality for the best price! perfect size and good rubber material.. awsome + good price = perfect!
B006SZ5R1S great for the price I got this for my 9-year-old step daughter for Christmas. It's her first watch with hands because I wanted to move her away from digital. She really loves it! I wouldn't mind one for myself. It's very cute and seems pretty durable. The price to quality ration is good. Overall, I recommend!
B006SZ6578 excellent excellent product, I love these lenses are beautiful, the weather was as expected costs, recommend them, good price and quality excelete
B006VE8DMG Stylish...however... My son loves his new indoor soccer shoes. But...be aware that the two shoes are not identical. One is light blue on top, where the other is dark blue. You wouldn't know this as only one is pictured. What a surprise...but luckily he thinks this is cool. True to size.
B006VE8YSY great cleat! Both my boys wear these.  The seem to be a nice quality.  The kids like the way they look.  I would buy again.  Great service as always!
B006VE9712 Very good Very good quality and excellent priceMy boy has made me buy him this one since he was 9 and he is turning eleven
B006VEK6NK My kid love it This puma covers all the expectation we have of it. The colors and quality are perfect. And we receive it on time.
B006VEPHUM small & expensive I bought two pairs of these shoes for my two boys, ages four and six. The size I got for my four-year-old was way too tight for him, so I exchanged those for a bigger size and gave the pair originally for my 6-year-old to my 4-year-old. In the end they both fit just fine, and the return process was very simple and there were no problems. I felt like the shoes were pretty expensive so I'm not sure they're worth the $50 I paid. But my boys like the shoes. The only thing is that my older son, although his shoes fit him fine, when he runs or walks around a lot, they rub against the side of his big toe enough to make him have to take them off for a while. We found that out one morning when I realized my keys were locked in the car and I had to walk the kids to school. My son was having a hard time during the last half of the walk or so. But he still loves the shoes, and as long as he doesn't run around too much they are fine.
B006VEPKTK nice shoes good quality, lasted long enough
B006VEQH42 Looks good and my son loved it. As described the shoes fees and looks good. My son was very Comfortable and was enjoying it.  Always try to get the correct size.
B006VEQH42 Good quality good quality, performed well for youth soccer. Just remember to clean them off before your kids bring them back in the house because the dirt really sticks to the grips on the cleat.
B006VESI5I Daughter loved it We were in need of indoor soccer shoes quickly. We ordered them and they were shipped and here on time for her first indoor game. Quality is great and she loves them.
B006VWJSL8 Amazing I love Puma and this Jacket is perfect, such a pretty good Quality. My boy love the gift and fits well.
B006VWJSL8 Puma Great fit,great quality! I will buy this product in different colors. They're always long enough the zipper has a nice glide
B006VWJSL8 I need one more set just read my first review for the pans its the same for the jacket nice. Good quality can beat it.pants and jacket looks very very good I am looking like a pro athlete.
B006VWJSL8 Looks great Bought this for my husband and the quality is great and it looks great on him. Buy it in your actual size because it does tend to run a little bigger, so don't worry about it not fitting.  I wish they had other colors
B006VWJSL8 Love it!!! Worth money. Great jacket with great style and quality. Fits as expected and I got my shipment before schedule.. So Love it badly..;-)
B006VWJSL8 thank you I love the quality of the material, looks really good on my boyfriend, thank you! he loves it a lot!
B006W1DT1I Pink Jiyu 2 Puma sneakers-- These sneakers are very nice && affordable my baby girl loves this shoes i also purchased the same style for my boy && they love them &&there good quality A+++
B006W1DT1I Super cute I was looking for velcro sneakers as they work best for my little one and these are great. Good quality, very cute.
B006W1DT1I Love the look of these but they don't last. We bought these for our daughter because we love the low profile style.  Only problem is she has worn them only to school (she takes them off as soon as she is home) and after only 3 weeks, they are very worn out.  I was hoping to get a lot more time out of them.
B006W1DT1I Love the shoes The shoes are a perfect fit for my active two year old. They are well made, so my little one cannot take them on and off by herself.
B006W1DT1I cute Theses puma shoes are cute. My 2 year old daughter likes them. They are cute colors for spring. The quality of the shoe is good. They have held up.
B006W1DT1I cute shoes. My daughter loved these I bought them for play shoes and she ended up wearing them everyday. She loves the velcro = independence for my 4 year old.
B006W1DWOW Loved them My 11 year old son could not wait for shoes to arrive.  They were everything we expected.  He's very happy!
B006WOQMIW Good shoes, good price Regular puma shoe, good comfort, good look and they are holding up well.  I have always had good luck with puma
B006Z683AM My son loves his shoes They fit him and he wears them to every basketball game he plays.  His only trouble like with every 11 year old is keeping them tied on the court, but he has gotten much better throughout the season.
B006ZNLM9Y Great Shoes I had Nike running shoes before these and two months before my marathon they wore out and ripped. I purchased these and finished my training in them and ran my marathon and they worked great. Comfortable and durable. I probably put close to 200 mile on them and they are just starting to shoe a little wear and tear.
B006ZO2ZJY lightweight comfy shoes I love these shoes!  I already wore for my walk and feels great.  It was great price and deal.  Love it.
B00712KP4G Only had them a months and the suede has a worn off hole At first I loved these shoes as evidence by my first post below but they are wearing out very fast. My son wears these shoes everyday and we have had them for a month. They already have a big chunk of suede (about the size of a dime)that has worn off the side."I bought these son for my 6 year old son. We are still practicing tying shoes. He is having a hard time learning how. Until he has masters the skill of shoe tying I wanted some shoes that he can easy manage on his own when he is at school. These are wonderful. He says they are comfortable and I think they look great!
B0071BUDRG Superb Quality & Beauty I love the Evospeed design on this sneaker,it has been well designed and is appealing to any eye.Absolutely Love it.
B0071EAEFO Like the shoes! Good product.  Shoes look good, fit nicely!  My daughter uses them for indoor soccer and P.E. at school.  Good product for the price!
B0071EAEFO my kid loved them my teen son loved them. I was surprised at how light they were, like they were made of nothing, and I fully expected them to fall apart quickly. but they are still in one piece. he does rotate which shoes he wears, but they have lasted way longer then I thought.
B0071F0IN6 Look great While I was a bit hesitant to get these shoes because they looked kind of plasticky on the site I was nonetheless very pleased with them once they arrived. They are for my son who is by no means a top soccer player, but they look nice, are very light and look sturdy. For an 11 year old, I think that's what matters.The sole is a single hard plastic molded plate and I am a bit concerned it might not be very flexible for sprinting, but we will see if this is an issue as the season progresses.So far, so good, and for a nice price.
B0071F0IN6 Good product for the money I bought these mostly for the flair (they look just like the picture), but the held up pretty good during a full day of soccer. The quality of the cleat is more for the occasional play than the season long soccer pro, but I think you could get a decent amount of use out of them prior to replacing.
B0071QJ2PK Love it I got these shoes for my daughter. This was the first time I brought shoes online and I was very pleased with what I got. She loves her shoes.
B0071RGGYY The best infant shoes! I loved these shoes and would recommend them to anyone with an infant or toddler that curls their toes up whenever you try to put shoes on them. One note, once my son figured out how to undo the velcro, the shoes didn't stay on long. They also aren't very good for walking outside, as the bottoms are very, very soft. Great fro those crawling or just learning to walk.
B0071RGWAM Good shoes My daughter loves thes shoes. Easy to put on, look great and appearently to her very comfortable. Shipped on time and a good price compared to other retailers.
B0071RGWAM My daughter loves these! My bought these for my 5 year old and she LOVES THEM!  Good quality shoe and I like the fact that when she gets them dirty I can just wipe them off!
B0071V44LW Great article I love it, is great to take day or nigth. The quality is also very good and is very confortable. Totally happy with this article!
B00721FXXE Puma Fast Cat V Kids Sneaker (Toddler/Little Kid/Big Kid),White and Purple I bought these shoes for my 5 year old granddaughter, and they are the correct size.  However, she says the shoes pinch and I haven't seen her wearing them.  I'm thinking it's something about the design that causes the shoes to pinch.
B00721GPCW Great shoe for infant/toddler I love Puma shoes because of how lightweight and easy to wear they are.  These shoes did not disappoint.  I bought these for my 1-year-old and they fit true to size.  They are also not too flimsy and not too bulky.  The single strap across makes it easy to put on and take off.  Also, the thicker velcro strap makes it more difficult for him to take his own shoes off (a problem I had with his previous shoes that he constantly liked to remove).  A really good buy!
B00721GPCW nice sneaker for toddlers The major plus for this product the sneaker goes no very easy and stays on which is a plus. And it looks nice to and good quality.
B00721H3N2 A piece not to be missed Size ia very good.. very stylish design.... uncomparable quality. My kid loved it so much.
B00727EJIS Good for 6 yr old This shoe looks great, it is well finished and true to size. My 6yr old son loves it. He's been wearing for a week straight with no issues.
B00727EJIS Long wait for the right shoe to fit! After several attempts to get the right size for my 8-year-old daughter, we finally found the one size that fits her perfectly. It took us couple of weeks but we manage to be patient and end with buying what we want. These shoes run smaller in size since my daughter usually wears 13,5 so we ended up buying her 1,5!!! But she is loving it!!! Wears them all the time. Will buy more of this brand because of the quality and look that they have. The Amazon.com staff were absolutely great in helping me with the returns but after couple of weeks we got what we wanted. It was worth it!!!
B00727EJIS Great shoes for an even better price! These shoes are exactly as expected. They fit well and are good quality and look nice. The price was also great!
B00727EVWM beautiful shoe for my baby its a high quality soft shoe, I'm saving for when my son is 2 years old, are shoes I was looking for a gift for my son. recommended, buy it, but is expensive
B00727EVWM THEY LOOK REALLY CUT ON THEY WERE BIGGER THAN WHAT I EXPECTED BUT ARE OKAY. MY DAUGHTER LOVED HER NEW PUMA SHOES. I HAVE ALWAYS BOUGHT HER PUMAS
B0073G9NNO Great Track Shoes! I bought these for my son for track and he really loves them. First the color is amazing and matched his school colors great. They also came with top quality cleat spikes that are easily removable with the tool that was provided. Second they fit perfect and have the great &#34;second skin&#34; fit that you really want in a track shoe. Great brand, will definitely order this product or similar in the future.
B0073G9Z4Q Love them..!!! Very comfortable and light weight a very good deal for the price, I bought the Black/Aged Silver/Aqua green model and they look better in person, nice fit they are true to size, excellent quality.
B0073IR6PE Low price, high quality! I was expecting something not so good becouse of the price. And I was pretty amazed when I found this! Very good quality, fits perfect, light weight. I even bought one pair for my girlfriend )
B0073IRJOW If my son wears it it's good I have the fussiest son on the planet, I gave him these for Xmas and visited him 4 months later, he wore them almost every day and was very comfortable.
B0073J7VFS good stuff I've just got camo for our 11 year old son and he loves it. It's relatively light yet seams pretty durable and well done.Will update if any changes.
B0073J7VFS High Quality Backpack Nice, High Quality backpack that I will feel comfortable carrying my computer in when I travel. And there is plenty of room to haul along the accessories.
B0073J7VLC Looks good works good I got two of them for my teenager nieces and they both liked them. They look cool, durable and good size.
B0073J7VLC I love it It's amazing quality and priceI really like itGood product for good priceAwesomeMy son also love it
B0073J8SG4 awesome just as i imagine i will buy more items like these pumas. really comfortable and good quality. the price excellent,
B0073JP1H8 Big! I do like this purse a lot, it was handy when I was in school and needed to carry my books. It is a little big for everyday use though.Good quality!
B0073XIITC excellent Shoes are as expected, very good quality and gentle for daily exercise, my wife does not like much quit using them daily, insurmountable.
B0073XIITC puma shoes very good brand, fit perfect, very strong shoes, good value for money and this always deliver on time and well wrap
B0073XIITC Daughter LOVES these shoes I ordered these shoes for my 18-year-old daughter. She loves them! She said they are very comfortable and are great for the gym.
B0073XIM5W Returning to Pumas was a good choice My favorite brand of shoes, and my first shoes to buy in a couple years. I am ecstatic about them! They are a perfect fit, they feel great to wear all day, and they are super adorable.
B00754HAKC Excellent Shoes and good price They are very comfortable and light. The relation quality / price is excellent. I recomend this product, I love it
B0076B8MFG wounderfu Puma shoe is comfortable, easy to wear, it is arrived as it was described on Amazon page, color is alittele shiny, quality is excellent, it worth the listed price, I believe that I would purchase puma shoes again and again
B00772NHWW Terrible Life These shoes are not even a month old are and falling apart. I'm extremely disappointed with this product, don't waste your money!
B0077BWNFA Smart shoes with poor fitting Shoes look very nice, but the fitting is poor - they are too tight for the forefoot. Comfort compromised for style.
B0077CLQAM My son loves these shoes I bought the shoes thinking that I would give them to my son at the beginning of the following school year, However he tried them on and he has not worn his other pair of shoes since.  Not only do they look great but they are easy to clean up.  One of those magic eraser pads some Clorox bleach kitchen spray and a brush and any dirt and grime comes right off.
B0077CM29Q great deal great product Shoes are very very good quality, fit perfectly. They look great. I  could not be happier with them. thank you!
B0079O02VC Sturdy We bought these shoes for the school year for our daughter and she loves them.  They have lasted almost the whole school year.
B007C17GIY Nice pullover for that price I love to buy online because in Ecuador clothes are expensive on any puma store you can spend like $80 bucks for this pullover. It fits ok. good quality
B007CMWTAI I love it This is a very beautiful and good quality,I as a gift for my friend,How happy he is and liking.I would recommend this
B007CTSFRW Quality and attractive. I bought this for my niece, fits true to size and is made of high quality material. The color is very bright and bold. Holds up after washing too.
B007F2CSOM nice design and quality the merchandise is as expected . good quality but slightly larger than i expected. still fits ok for a sports casual wear.
B007FDVIDI Excellent quality I've been buying this exact brand and style for my son for school for the past 3 years. He has so far not been able to wear a hole in any of his Pumas. Other brand last him a matter of months, and he is still wearing some of last year's socks. Unfortunately Puma has apparently decided that all men want to wear bootie socks, so if there are any of the crew length ones left, grab them while you can! It's getting almost impossible to find them!
B007IVNI26 Puma quality is great These kicks were for my wife and she really liked it.  They really look cool, just as in the photo and very comfortable as well.
B007IW7LLE I love it I love these boots, I recommend are excellent in quality, price and hardness. I use them to go to the gym, running, walking.
B007IW7LLE perfect These shoes are great! They look exactly like the pictures and fit great! I am very happy with the quality.
B007IXCZZU very good The size is using my first daughter and I am very wellshe used to walkThe material is goodIt was a good buy I recommendWas the expected quality
B007J58WA4 Great looking - but didnt last long Great looking shoes, but they wore out to fast where the toe bends.  The leather looked worn within a couple of months.  very comfortable.
B007J59M8A Perfect the shoes are totally perfect, I like them. The quality, design and, of course, the comfort the offer are incredible
B007J5B2QU Puma Silicis Nice boots!  Very light.  High quality. I was impressed with the quick delivery.  I have only had the boots for a couple of days, so time will tell.  So far, so good.
B007J5K734 great shipping, good quality Great shipping, very fast. Great quality, excellent condition. The size with pumas it seems are 1/2 size larger than what you wear , ie: i wear 8 1/2, i should have got the 9.
B007JAN2PO Really nice Shoe First Puma&#8217;s shoes I ever buy, extremely sexy, it feats nice on the feet, and eye tuning and if you wear them with a short pants they look really nice.
B007JAN9K2 Nice BMW Shoes!! feel great and they look awesome, the quality is great and are comfortable I recomend 100% to anyone.I am realy glad and happy..Just love them.
B007JASSYO comfy One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! Wore them all day on christmas when I could of took them off. Plus a lot if comments on how cool they look!
B007JAT2EY It was ok The quality is very good, the zise is just my expectative, the box was in good condictions. I would by other
B007M6AH2Q Poor Quality After recieving the items and my son wearing them twice, they stated to come unglued where the leather meet the sole.  On a positive not, Amazaon customer service was great at returning them.
B007MAYD2C shoes My daughter loves these shoes and I love the brand and pricing. Will defintely keep purchasing similar items online for her.
B007MAYD2C cheap fabric....will not last My daughter had numerous holes in the mesh fabric on the toes within the first 2 weeks.  Very cheaply made.  Beware!
B007MAYD2C wore out quickly These are absolutely the cutest sneakers! I only gave it a 3 star rating because they are not suitable for school and playing. Within the first week of wearing them, my daughter had holes in the glittery netting material. We have no idea how. They are cute shoes, but I think they are more for looks than actual wear.
B007MAYD2C Nice pair of shoes Bought this for my 16 months old daughter. They look very nice on her. Very good quality. Easy to put on and take off. Would buy again for different size.
B007MAYD2C Cute, comfortable, but not great quality These serve their purpose of every day play shoes for my 4 year old. She can get them on by herself and she likes how they look. They are more sparkly/glittery than I realized from the photos. And the vinyl or whatever they are made of does get beat up pretty easily.  But they are comfortable, stylish, cute and youthful, and my daughter doesn't complain about them. I just don't think they're the best quality overall compared to other brands I've bought my kids.
B007MAYD2C puma steeple glitter v sneaker in steel gray Adorable, versatile, and durable.  My super girly daughter loves the sparkle, and I love that the sparkle is actually part of the fabric, not glued on sparkles that get everywhere.  I love that they can go with a dress, leggings or whatever.  Much better quality and cuter in person than the photos.
B007MAYD2C Cute but wear out quickly These are cute shoes that seem comfortable on my daughter but I put them in the washer once and half of the sparkles came off the fabric.  She's also worn two holes in them after only a month or so.  Other shoes seemed to last much longer.
B007MAYD2C Great Quality Puma makes a great product and these shoes are no exception.  They are well-made and durable.  My daughter loves that she can put her shoes on independently and they match everything.  Stylish and affordable!  LOVE THEM!
B007MAYD2C Poor Materials used The sneaker has a light glittering mesh over most of it, which is what makes it sparkly. Within 1 to 2 months, this mesh starts having holes - large worn out spots.
B007MAYD2C Just great My 2-year old daughter just loved the color and the &#34;sparkles&#34;!She tells that she is wearing a princess shoes, because of the bright!
B007MC1CHE Look nice but NOT meant for kids I bought these for my very active toddler. He has average, medium sized feet.  These shoes have no arch support, and almost immediately he complained that they hurt his feet.  I didn't want to waste my money so I tried to get him to keep wearing them, but after a solid few weeks of daily complaints, I had to get rid of them and buy new gym shoes anyway. From now on, I'll stick with Stride Rite or Saucony.
B007MC1CHE Great children's sneakers Bought these shoes for my two-year old grandson.  They are sturdy, easy to get on, look good and make him happy.
B007P1CHKS Good quality Received on time and I'm very happy with product. (Repeating order). . . . . . . . . .
B007P4L4L8 Top quality, great fit;  comfortable Great quality all the way around.  Very happy with this purchase.  Easy 5 stars here.  Puma symbol kind of cool color on these as well.  Goes great with my Jaguar, woot.
B007P4MGTC good quality My son likes it very much.  Puma always has great stuff for a reasonable price.  And of course... it looks cool.
B007P4MT4Y GREAT QUALITY AND STYLING I thought a might be paying too much for this shirt - - until I received it. The QUALITY AND STYLING are totally in-line with the price and I'm very happy with the the product...
B007P4OF5A Great product !!! Great product !!!This hoodie was made with good quality, !!The sizing is correct !!No complaints about this hoodie.
B007P4OF5A Nice quality and fit the jacket has a nice fit and overall good quality for it I bought at a great price from amazon during black friday, the only complaint i have about it is that the sleeves are not "fleece" or the white fluffy stuff that lines the jackets everywhere else which in turn makes the sleeves feel colder at first than the rest of the jacket
B007P4OF5A Excellent for the price. For around twenty bucks this is great especially for cold weather. It's very warm.I bought it for quality but I wish it was logo-less or maybe a smaller puma logo.
B007P4ZEMI Nice Sweater This sweater was not cheap but lived up to my expectations.  Great quality, comfort, warmth, and fit.  My new favorite.
B007P5S2JY Nice Velour Pants These pants fit true to size and I like the fact they have a low waist line. I bought 3 pairs. Great quality!
B007PK5T0Y Better order "HUGE" This is the time of year for great bargains online at Amazon.  I've probably bought two dozen pairs of shoes on Amazon over the years, and they have always fit perfectly.  Now these shoes are the exception.  I cannot believe how TINY they are.  It says on the box that they are size 9.5 (I ordered larger after reading reviews).  However, I took a good look and never even tried to get a toe in them.They look like they might fit an eight year-old child.  Never seen such itty-bitty adult shoes.  Since they were so cheap to begin with, I'm not going to bother to return them.  I'll just hand them over to the next female child I see.
B007Q36ALC Velcro came off within the first month of use Love Puma in general and have bought the light up sneakers for the boys earlier which lasted a long time. These looked great on the website and my son loves everything Ferrari so I went ahead and splurged. Did not expect such poor quality. These were larger than expected to begin with but I figured he will grow into them. When he finally did manage to wear them the velcro area became all fuzzy with threads coming out in the first week itself and it came right off within a month. Very disappointed. Unfortunately I was past the return point so I couldn't send it back. The other pumas I had bought have very good quality velcro straps so I wonder if these are knock offs or a very bad design/quality choice by Puma.
B007Q36ALC love it Size, style, quality as expected. My son loves this sneakers, and feels comfortable. They goes with pants and jeans absolutly perfectly! I love it, and my son does)
B007Q36ALC Look good and fit well! The velcro has started to fray pretty quickly, but other than that they look good and fit my son well. There is a Japanese brand that I prefer to Puma, but I mainly bought these as they look good and are pretty &#34;cool&#34;!
B007Q36ALC Love this shoes My son, 7 years old, loves this shoes. They are so comfortable, he could sleep with them on. My son is pretty active and these shoes are putting up with it just fine.I love how they look, so we are all happy.
B007SLGLX4 Pretty. My daughter loves they look of these shoes, she wears them everywhere. She is only 3 years old, but she puts them on very easily.
B007SLGLX4 GREAT Shoe and GREAT Quality! I LOVE these shoes but really that does not mean much... my three year old son loves them. He asks to wear his shoes. I think that is a win.
B007SLGLX4 I love Pumas My son loves these shoes! They are so cute and durable.i would recommend the shoes to everyone. Pumas are awesome.
B007SLGLX4 Nice Sneakers My son beats his shoes up, but these seem to be holding up well. The design is also very cool. I would buy these again.
B007SLGLX4 Good quality. Good fit, easy to put on and take off. Lightweight and comfortable. Looks really nice and my son loves them. He says they make him run faster. :)
B007SM2M2W super sparkly & good quality The shoes looked just as they did online except better. They are very sparkly and a good quality shoe. I am completely satisfied with my purchase!
B007SM2M2W Cute shoes! I bought these for my 5 and 6 year old daughters. They love these shoes because they are sparkly! They are comfortable and easy to clean ( they are waterproof)
B007SM2M2W Plastic Cover Over Glitter Peeling Upon Receiving New When I received these shoes they looked extremely &#34;dusty&#34; and I realized that it was the plastic covering over the glitter seemed to be separating from the shoe and the result was that they  looked very worn in some areas, mainly on the tips of toes/sides . I had read a few reviews that hinted that this happened but thought we'd give them a try as my child loved them so much. Pretty disappointing to see such poor quality from such a great company like Puma. We returned them and went for a different style.
B007SM2M2W Comfort, style & quality Great sneakers! We've been through many sparkly shoes of equal or greater value, and none were as durable or comfortable. Most begin to show wear within a week; soles separate; sparkles dislodge. I bought these 2 months ago and am impressed that the soles are well in tact. The sparkles are safely protected under a clear vinyl coating which prevents them from falling of and keeps them shiny longer. My 8 yr old was reluctant to try them on at first (mom, I do know how to tie my shoes you know) but her eyes widened when she slipped them on and discovered how comfortable they are!
B007SM2M2W Wanted to love these, but they are horrible.  :( When I saw these shoes, I HAD to get them for my little girl.  They were adorable.  But within three days of playing, the plastic coating on the sparkles started to rip, and by the next week, they were pretty gross looking.  Also, they started to stink horribly... we were really disappointed.  They are very cute, but only for a couple of days!
B007SM2M2W Sparkles! I bought these for my 7 year old daughter - she loves them! Fair price & good quality!! My daughter loves the pink sparkles, they are very cute!!
B007SM2M2W Great Buy! My seven year old is such the DIVA so  when we came upon these Glitz Sneakers but Puma, it was a must that we buy them. We are ever so happy that we bought them.
B007SM2M2W cute but poor quality good fit and daughter likes them but the sparkle &#34;fabric&#34; of the shoe has permanently creased across the top after just a few wears and I think it looks cheap like plastic.  It looks like it might crack soon as another reviewer mentioned.  I would pass on these shoes.
B007TJLGB2 Good Quality Good Deal and priced right.  Lots of positive comments on the retro look.  Good Quality.  They do run a little narrow on fit.  Hopefully they will break-in and fit better.
B007UM7LU8 These are awesome-looking yellow sneakers This was a great deal, the quality of the sneakers is pretty good, best of all they LOOK awesome, and since I don't really use them for running, that's the ticket for me.  And the price was right--I have Amazon Prime, so no shipping charges.  Sweet!Thanks.
B007VL3IBE beautiful, not durable I love these shoes - they're a pretty deep purple color and have good support. They also seem true to size. I bought them because I wanted fashion sneakers to wear with pants - these are slim and subtle but still functional - I wear them to work and also to the gym.I have noticed that the material seems to be fraying. I have only had these shoes for a month, though I wore them almost every day, I wasn't hard on them. I'm worried that they may not hold up well with frequent use, but for the price ($35, on sale) I'm thrilled with them. My coworkers have all complimented them, too!
B007WQDYQM awesome deal Awesome shoes! Great price. Doesn't get any better! PUMA shoes are my favorite . I have never seen better deals.
B007WQGZRW Excellent soccer shoe My 13 year old son wore these cleats for a whole season, playing for his middle school and travel teams.  From the first practice, he noted how comfortable they were.  Will definitely look for Puma cleats for next season.
B0080BML44 Thanks! this was for an 19 years old boy and he just loved it.. thks for the great price and quality
B0080LMQ58 Big hit! My son really likes these shoes and I was impressed with the quality of the material of the upper part of the shoe.
B0080LMQ58 Cute! I bought these for my seven year old, he loves them. They are already horrible looking because my kids play so hard in thier shoes and he refuses to wear his other-newer, shoes
B0080LMQ58 look good on him it was for my 11'yrs old son. he have no complain since now. So I can said this is a good running shoes for every days.
B0084D5BRM It's tight It's tighter than I expected, the quality is OK. feels good,but not of high quality. I don't like it very much
B0086FN9MW Puma Hoodie It is great fit. Quality product and most of all my son loves it!  This is where I will buy his next hoodie.
B0086FN9MW Great quality! Bought this for my Grandson for Christmas.  He loves it!!  A few years ago I'd bought him one, and he loved it so much that he not only wore it out, he wouldn't wear his other ones, and wore his old Puma hoodie even once it was too small.  He loves this new one.
B0086FN9MW Loved that Puma Hoodie! Great quality and granson loved it!!!  Would order another one.  Very well made.  Worth the extra money.  Holding up well also.
B0086FYO0I puma hoodie My son and I like this a lot. It is perfect. The price, the quality and the cuteness. Love it.
B0086FYO0I Great Quality This is a high quality sweatshirt and well worth the money. I bought two for my 4 year old grandson
B0086FYO0I Love it! We received this sweatshirt and it is adorable, just as we expected. Excited to gift it! Nice bright colors and good quality.
B0089TIZ56 Amazing styling and quality Looks better in reality than in pictures.The build quality is amazing.I highly recommend this product due to its looks and build quality.
B008A64X0Y Do not buy I got these shoes for my daughter for school.. However, she sweats in her feet .and these shoes we had to throw them out because they smell horrible. They are cute and comfortable .. But the inner material of the shoe is the problem .. If you have sweaty feet as well . Do not buy. Waste of money. The scent is awful even after when you take the shoes off. Your foot smells..
B008A6BLMW Look @ me... I love these shoes,stylish but not to off the wall for my 66 year old feet...Can't wait for the snow to be gone.
B008A6JZG6 Waste of money I have only wore the shoes 3 times and the threading is already falling apart. Total waste of money, I didn't even go running in them. Just wore them to work.
B008A6K8XU Great Shoes I have never purchased the Puma brand before.  I needed them to go with a Halloween costume, but wanted to buy something that I thought I might wear again with Jeans.  These are most likely the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever owned.  And, I have pretty severe knee issues which is why I needed black tennis shoes with my Halloween costume instead of a nice pair of heals.  They are high quality and I have already worn them with Jeans.  Great look for casual day at the office because it's not so obvious that you have tennis shoes on
B008A6KIZS good price, awful shoe I have worn these once for a 20 minute bike ride.Although the length is good, the back of them are already digging into my heels.They will cause blisters if I use them for running.Complete waste of money.
B008A6KTKC colors don't match They fit to my expectations. Puma shoes are good quality shoes. Wish the color would have matched. Picture shows red and blk and they were bright pink when they came.
B008A6KTKC the best I love my shoes, are comfortable, lightweight, perfect left me, plus they are beautiful, good quality and good priceare everything I expected
B008A6KTKC really nice I started working out a few weeks ago and wanted to change my old sneakers for something girly and fashionable that could match any athletic wear. This shoes are just perfect. Fit is great, colors are beautiful I look fabulous in the gym.
B008A6KTKC perfec shoes very good shoes for walk and sport.good,good shoes.me encantan son muy comodos y para caminar y para hacer deportes son perfectos.
B008A6KTKC Great product Awesome shoes I have never had this brand before and I have gotten so many complements on how good these shoes look
B008A6KTKC Would buy again for Zumba Broke down after about 8 months of wear 3 times a week for Zumba. But for the price, worth the eight months. Not allot of arch support, but overall comfortable and appropriate for Zumba. Had the 'Zumba' brand shoes, and they were terrible...and very, very overpriced for such poor quality. Advise NOT to buy the Zumba Brand Shoes - The Puma Voltaic's are much, much better.
B008A6KTKC Wouldn't buy again. I bought these in January. They lasted 6 months and the inside is tearing already. There is no tongue in these shoes. They are all one piece. I would not recommend these for anyone.
B008A6KTKC Quality Being that the brand PUMA is known for it's style and quality, these shoes did not disappoint. Past the fact that they are more vibrant than the pictures that don't really do them justice, they're incredibly comfortable. I love them so much that I sometimes just put them on so I can look at them while I do housework. It seems silly, but they make my feet happy :)
B008A6YCRI For my Daughter my daughter played Varsity soccer and these didn't last through the entire season. The shoe part started coming apart from the sole and just would not hold up to heavy use. I would not recommend these for anyone that plays a lot. Perhaps these would be ok for younger soccer clubs that have less games, and therefore less use of the shoes. I will not purchase PUMA again for her soccer shoes.
B008A6YFQQ Bought for a friend .... She loves them. We play. That's all I needed. Better quality and same brand that I bought. I'm Jealous! Nice!
B008A6Z2KE Perfect shoes, fits as expected. Love the color The shoes is one of the most comfortable one I ever had. The bottom part is comfy and feels great. The style is similar to polo brand, but is not the exact the same. I used to have the polo and it fell apart in two weeks. this one seems to be solid and good quality. would try other colors if budget allow me. so far I have used this show everyday for a month and no problem yet.
B008AH398A Daughter Loves it Good quality and a good price!  Solid little jumpsuit and my daughter loves it.  Going to have to buy another since she is growing so fast.
B008AH39YE PERFECT This outfit is just adorable. Fit runs true to size. good quality. Need more colors though. She looks great wearing it along with her Puma shoes. She's stylin'.
B008AHA8A2 advisable The quality of the fabric is divine, washed and does not affect the texture, fantastic colors besides being very warm for winter.
B008AHA8A2 love it! great looking little puma outfit.Great price too.I washed this set already and i have to say quality is very good...
B008AHFYLA Looks great This looks adorable on my toddler. The quality is wonderful and we get loads of compliments whenever she wears it.
B008AILQJI Great quality but one fatal flaw The overall design and quality of the shoes is fantastic. However the tread on the bottoms are in a diamond shape and they create a suction to any flat surface you step on. This is not a problem outside but inside it creates a loud annoying noise. I really wanted to love these but it's a deal breaker for me.
B008AILZZI Amazing Great Shoes!!! Very light weigh,comfortable.better than the picture.Combination black and blue is perfect,recomend the shoes to everyone. Good price ,for exellent quality
B008AJOHXO High quality Shoes I usually wear 9.5, but for this shoe I had to order 10.5 which fits perfectly. They are simply too good.
B008AJOHXO Good product, I love Puma shoes Puma shoes are made with high quality material and they fit very good on your feet. Always order one size higher than you normally wear.
B008AK6Q8C Nice looking shoes My son loves these shoes! He says they are very comfortable and they look great too. If he's happy I'm happy!
B008AL2UCC mariauxi puma s opinion I highly recomend this product because  of its quality and also well desing . comfort . price and brand name
B008AL2UCC Started coming apart up after a couple of weeks I like Puma's style, always have so I tend to but alot of Puma shoes - mostly casual or smart casual.These shoes look good, fitted me well and felt comfortable for walking in the street/office/home.Within a few weeks 2-4 the stitching started to open up on the right hand side of the left shoe..this is not what I am accustomed to for Puma products in general and I am very disappointed, i do not think it is acceptable for non cheap shoes to degrade so quickly.I will have to re-evaluate my loyalty unfortunately as this is not the first Puma footwear to disappoint.Be sure to keep and eye on the shoes in first month so you can return them if you catch it soon enough.
B008AL4BLU I love these shoes These shoes are super comfy and stylish.  I wear them nearly every day to work.  They seem more durable than most other shoes I have worn.
B008ALI936 High quality shoe! These Puma shoes are awesome! They looked better than pictured.  I've received lots of compliments on them already.  The product is just as described in the listing. Quick and easy delivery.
B008ALJ8S6 velcro sneaker Great fit and quality and the price is great also. I would buy these again and would reccomend them. Amazon does a great job at keeping their customers happy.
B008ALWBFS Good shoes I wear these shoes to kick hardwood flooring and usually this process blows shoes apart but the seams and overall make have held up really well over the last month! Good quality shoe for a good price....
B008ALWDZG Quality and low priced cleat that looks good Love these cleats so far. Comfortable on first wear. Very happy with the way these play. Price was best against all competitors.
B008ALWDZG Great shoe for the price I love Pumas, because they're pretty cheap and last long enough to justify the price. These are great shoes that I've been wearing about a month now. I play in 3-4 competitive leagues a week, and I wear them to every game. They keep up and have a great touch to the ball.There may be a bit of discoloration after some wear and tear, but it doesn't hurt the quality of the boot. Overall, great cleats.
B008ALX6SO Really good They are really comfortable, they fit just fine and they are perfectly suited from soccer. I was getting bored of not being able to score because the aim with running shoes is so bad... These solved my issue. And I got them very cheap (30$).Last but not least, I got them faster than expected. :)One of the best ratio quality/price for soccer shoes
B008ALX6SO Not the quality I expected from Puma... It's excellent, has a good traction, very lightweight, the size is right, the width can be easily fixed by laces. Good deal for the money!It's only been less than a month time my husband wears the soccer cleat to his games  once per week and the soles have already started coming unstuck on both cleats! That's absolutely unacceptable! It turns out I bought this pair only for 4 games. That's ridiculous! I can't buy cleats every month, they are quite pricey for such a poor quality! I don't think any more that it  was a good deal(I didn't expect that at all. Frustration!That's the reason I changed my opinion on the item
B008ALX6SO Poor quality for my $$$ I wasn't impressed with the quality of the product. feels flimsy and lacks actual playing support.For the amount I paid it is not worth the money.
B008ALX6SO Good purchase I bought this as a gift, they are comfortable, good quality...I recommend this but a little bit smaller, buy one size +
B008ALX6SO Nices Shoes This shoes are really comfortable and have a very good grip and great value for the price! I would recomend
B008ALXEBS not such great quality we received my husbands soccer shoes and noticed they LOOK like plastic! I mean, sure they are man-made, but super cheap looking. I'm not sure I would have purchased these in the shop. There is a wrinkle in the seam, perhaps a mass manufacturing miss-hap, I suppose. they serve the purpose, they are comfortable but poor looking quality.
B008ALXEBS Great product fit perfect Very comfortable and fits great, highly recommended plus the price is perfect. Standard puma sizing for shoes good quality. Recommended
B008ALXVMK diferent shoes Hi, I just get my shoes. I try them today and just noticed that one of them is Puma spirit and the other is Puma KIng. I tought both was Puma king.I want a full refind of my money
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoes Got these for mainly indoor use. They are very light, fit good, look cool and were a good price. They are all one piece- no tongue, like normal shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 So far so good First let me start with the fact that the delivery was right on time and the choose came in great condition without any defects. So far they feel great and look really cool, I will be using them to go to school since I go to a big school and have to do a lot of walking up an down hills. Anyways I will report in a couple of weeks to tell you how it went. But 1st impressions are good.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma shoes rock I love these shoes. They felt a little snug when I first started wearing them but now they feel just fine and that's coming from a guy with wide feet. As far as the look, I've already gotten many good comments from strangers who like them as well. Puma athletic shoes are about the only ones I care to buy these days because they look and feel good.
B008AXTOQ0 Good lookin' shoe for any age Purchased this for a Christmas gift for my 24 yr old son. When he opened it my husband said he liked it & would wear it too. My son said it fits great.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome Seahawks Colors Both my husband and son got these shoes and they really like them.  Got the &#34;bungee&#34; laces for my son who hates to tie shoes; they came in the perfect lime green.  Happy to wear them and show 12th-Man Pride!!
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome sauce Shoes shipped fast, and fit perfect to size. Color, and design look awesome and it was on sale when I bought so it was worth it. I've always been a Nike man but the last two of three pairs where cheaply put together and fall apart in two months despite dropping $80 for one pair of shoes.So far these Puma shoes are the highest quality shoes I have bought in years.
B008AXTOQ0 Poor quality!!! With very little time to use, these shoes already damaged, I need to provide any response to this situation. refer pictures of the damage.
B008AXTOQ0 Quality This shoe is great for any exercising in way of comfort and style. The only down side is that in between moving they do get hot but once you get moving the air vents on the front cool your feat down good.
B008AXTOQ0 I love the design is very comfortable and the quality is great I loved this model for comfort and softness, and quality of view is spectacular running classic design with great stability meets all my expectations highly recommended not regret
B008AXTOQ0 Great purchase This is a high quality product it met my requirements and my standard looking forward to having a great time running.
B008AXTOQ0 Falling a part!!!!! Best shoe ever for about 8 weeks. I have a lot of shoes, so I am not wearing them daily, but just after 8 weeks the backs are falling a part, My be Puma will see this and give me a other pair. I have about 14 pairs of Puma's. Mite be time to try something new.
B008AXTOQ0 good PUMA,good Training Shoe It's the first PUMA I bought from Amazon,this pair is perfect! good quality and good looking,It fits me well just is my expect!
B008AXTOQ0 Been almost a year still holds up well! Been working out every single day now for a year gained 30lbs in the process! These shoes have held up really well through it all the only part that is start to wear is that little tab on the heel; thats it! Really love these shoes the only thing you should know about Puma is that the middle portion of the shoe is a bit narrower so it can be a bit tight on some people.
B008AXW9PI Shoes for a young track star? These shoes are great.  Inexpensive and yet of good quality for a 13 year old to start his track career in Junior High sports.  Thanks!
B008AXW9PI Great shoes The puma shoes fit perfectly and are of great quality . I highly recommend these shoes to any parent who doesn't want to spend a $100 @ the sport shop !
B008AXW9PI Track Spikes My son doesn't care about the color but my daughters really like them.  Shoes had both quality and the price was awesome.
B008AXY38Y Poor quality I had these shoes for less then 3 months and the top eyelet broke while I was tying my laces. I would expect more from Puma on how their shoes are made.
B008AZD5ZE Pretty good shoe Actually a little surprised at how comfortable these shoes really are.  Not quite the quality of a Nike air max but the air soles are pretty good.  Pleasantly surprised especially with such a good price.
B008AZD5ZE shoes fits great, love the look and the shape not bad at all looking forward to more in puma nice :)
B008AZG59W Doesn't last long Just in 7 months time the from part where the cushion is there started to peel off.. its starting to look ugly with that tear.I expected better performance as in previous cases with nike and reebok i have been able to use them for atleast couple of years.This is my first  puma product purchase and it has disappointed me. I bought this after seeing lot of good reviews may be they are posted immediately after purchase when its shine and good.If you want long lasting performance this is not for you
B008AZLCBI The worst shoe for a 10 year old boy My son picked these out from the images on the product page. They looked great of of the box. He liked the feel of them. Well after 6 weeks they have almost fallen apart. Where do I start. Well after 2 days of school I asked him why his shoes were so discolored. He said that he had just worn them around for recess and class. They fabric turned an ugly brown-orange and they did not come clean even with oxyclean. Next are the laces. I understand that laces fray and need to be replaced but after 6 weeks? That is not the worst... it is coming. After I washed them, I removed them to dry from the washer and noticed that on one of the shoes the entire front sole has worn so much that there was a hole big enough for my thumb to fit. The other shoe had some wear but nothing like the other one. I have never seen that on casual school shoes (have seen it on shoes for tennis). These might be good running shoes but they should not be bought for young boys. I thought Puma was a good brand these days.
B008AZLCBI Low quaility shoes These shoes are light and comfortable, also very stylish. However, they ripped after one use. I would not recommend these shoes.
B008B7NC2W Nice clothes This clothes are well done crafted and are mend to last a lot and experience kids beating with both good looking and quality
B008B7NC4K Durable Fit my daughter well and have have not wore out before she out grew them.  If you want high quality children's wear, These are for you.
B008B7NE2K Perfect quality and very cute I have bought it for my daughter. It is very cute and nice. Quality is perfect. I would recommend it.
B008BXRZ9W Very comfortable shoes - my daughter's favorite! My daughter is picky about shoes and he has lots of them.  Ever since she got them, she has been wearing these shoes almost exclusively. They still look good and they work great as casual and dressy shoes.
B008BXRZ9W Super Excellent shoes. Soft, flexible, comfortable. Quality of materials and tailoring .is perfect . Look more expensive than the price. I recommended.
B008BXRZ9W Even cuter in person. Adorable and great quality.  Also easy to get on and off, but stay put on a running toddler!  Totally worth it!
B008BXRZ9W not great quality these are super cute- ballet flat like but good for an active toddler.However the quality isn't great- after a few times of wearing them, there are scuff marks everywhere and the leather's peeled in several spots. Perhaps it's meant more for indoor play rather than playground/active play?Too bad, as otherwise these are great.
B008DLTRCK Fast Delivery I did need smthing fast from puma and the price was good the quality is good and it is perfect to bring as a gift
B008E5VWTG Puma THE QUALITY IS GOOD BUT LENGTH IS MUCH TOO LONG; SO, IT WILL BE NECESSARY TO HAVE THE ITEM ALTERED
B008EYO4TW i LOVE THEM!!!!!!! I use them at work every day and they are very confortable, they fit well and the quality is great!!! i love them!!!!!!
B008EYO4TW Good Nice shoes, good quality but too small... I own other puma shoes and I always buy this number, but somehow this model is smaller than usual.
B008EYO4TW I Love Pumas but HATE these shoes I own Puma sneakers and consider them to be the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn, but not these Pumas.  They are absolutely miserable.  I bought them at the beginning of the summer and they have shredded my feet twice to the point that I couldn't wear any shoes at all for weeks (thank god it is still flip flop weather).  SO upset at Puma for making these miserable torture shoes.  And boo to $50 down the drain too. >:(
B008EYP1K8 I leked it in all aspects, the shoes are of very good quality and very comfortable. I think we'll keep to buying the cloths of this firm
B008F0KUOS nice shoes I love this shoes so comfortable nice stile  I recommended great price great combination of the colors, I hope son buy more
B008F17IK6 Perfect, comfortable! It becomes my husband's new favorite jacket. It's good as a cold weather wear. Fits well, looks great and the quality is very good.
B008F17R2K comment very good shoes, lightweight, and very comfortable, I recommend for everyday use and for exercise very very good shoes ...........
B008F17R2K Don't Bother Both shoes cracked within 1.5 months of purchase and they are uncomfortable.  Don't waste your money.  Look good online but bad product.
B008F17R2K Just ok The shoes are very comfortable and nice looking. However, the &#34;spider webs&#34; on the outer part of the of the training shoes started to crack and eventually came apart after 2-3 months of moderate usage.
B008F17R2K Good Looking Shoes I thought the shoes looked great & as advertised . Not so sure if the quality was up to the normal reebok shoes I have purchased in the pass. I think the price was a little high compared to the past shoes I have bought.
B008F17R2K Poor quality The Good:The shoes look nice and I got a lot of complements on them.The Bad:Had the shoes for 2 days and the printed webbing on the tongue came off. I decided to just pull the rest of it off cause it was to much has hassle returning them and no one could really tell the webbing was missing.3 weeks later the rubber webbing by the toes is now coming apart. Very poor quality.This is the second pair of Pumas that has fallen apart shortly after the first few weeks of use.
B008F17R2K my son loves them I bought them as school shoes for my son, they are his school colors..  He loves them.  Glad I bought them, he is excited for PE this year.
B008F17R2K Quailty Quality with style. This shoe produces, and promotes properissappoint ambulation. Puma has been around for awhile and has never failed ,
B008F17R2K Look fantastic, poor fit Didn't necessarily buy these shoes to work out in, however once I received them I really didn't have the option. They look fantastic and have received several compliments, but the fit is very poor compared to all other shoes I own and they did not feel correctly balanced (padding felt different for each shoe).  Additionally, the webbing on the side of the shoe is very flimsy and started falling off after two weeks. I would not pay full price for them and likely would not buy again regardless.
B008F17R2K Good quality Fit well.  Comfortable.  Good for the gym and for walking.  My husband usually buys very cheap shoes.  These were on sale, so I convinced him to spend a little more.  It was a good decision.
B008F17R2K Good Enough The product is really a  perfect fit and it came with an awesome deal. Good product and it has a good comfort too.
B008F17R2K Pretty great shoes! I actually went to a Finish Line and tried these on before buying them on here. Good thing too, the sizing is a little weird.But anyway, bought them, and I've gone running in them a handful of times now. I've worn nothing but Asics for probably 3 years now so it was a weird switch (but they were on sale!) and I'm pleasantly surprised.They're light, provide good support, look cool (with exception of the off blue/green strip of plastic near the back. Don't know why they changed the color from the bright blue the rest of the shoe uses for my model)... and yeah, I'm happy with them so far.I keep my reviews updated so if they suddenly fall apart on me or the sole wears out months too early, I'll make sure to update this.
B008F17R2K thin plastic web strings broke out few days after being use Shoes are light weight and have a nice design, but plastic materials are not glued properly to the fabric that the shoes have already few front broken strings.
B008F17R2K No for running but great looking I wouldn't use them to run, they are are a little heavier and not as ventilated as you would expect, but truth be told... I didn't buy them for that!  THEY LOOK AWESOME!!!They are comfortable enough for every day use, needed a couple of days to break them in but I'm really satisfied with them.
B008F17R2K Sick Shoes Love them fit great look good and have held up so far(month).. i tear through shoes normally ha ha ha
B008F2BWV6 puma leggings Was looking for a smaller size but it was sold out. The fabric could be a better quality but they look amazing. Love them!!! I wish you would have them in more colors.
B008FXBQM0 Good, but not durable These pants looked great when we first got them, but the fabric is not durable enough for an active 4 year-old. They showed obvious signs of wear after the first wearing and collect all manner of foreign objects like leaves and lint. We have only had them a few weeks and we are already thinking that they are too awful looking to keep wearing. Fit is good and they are soft, but that's about it.
B008J0VM28 Good quality jacket with subtle logos The jacket itself is of good quality, and the finishing makes it quite unique. Overall quite happy. If I wanted to be picky I would say I wish there was a bigger Mercedes or AMG logo somewhere. On the back would have been ideal.A great cool weather jacket
B008J0W4P2 large It was for my son in high school ;17 age; fit him well.Quality was nice look very nice. thank you
B008J0W9A2 Nice jacket... I bought this for my 13 year old nephew who plays soccer. He loved it. No complaints. Nice quality jacket with a great cool design. Very hip and stylish. Great price.
B008J2P7DG Perfect hoodie My daughter loves her new hoodie.  I purchased it last winter for our trip to Florida to wear in the cool evenings.  Fits great, good quality worth the money.
B008J3CVWK Okay I thought the product would be made of a higher quality material. A bit disappointed since it's suppose to be a brand name apparel.
B008J3HWDS Very Nice My daughter loves these yoga pants.  We are very pleased with the quality and they also wash well.  No compclaints
B008KAB1X2 Amazing the quality and the shipping are very good ...its a little larger than what i expected.. usually i get for my son 3T or 4T but this one looks alittle bit bigger than 4T ... but it worth the money
B008KIE4FQ Great cloth I bought it as a gift from one of my best friends son, its pretty good quality and he have been using it so far without any problems.
B008M7S5NC Very nice The shoes is very nice. I have 3 pairs altogether. I have no regrets so far. Good job PUMA on quality making a quality product. Items comes in nice packaging as well.
B008PEJOKK My Son loves these shoes They look nice, it is why I expected.. they were delivered on time, seem to be comfortable, and best of all my son loves these shoes.Thanks
B008PEJOKK not good not good quality for kids, it is very easy to damage if the kid use it every day in the street and play grounds. not good to use every day.
B008PEJOKK Shoes I love the colors of these shoes!  I bought them for my almost 3 year old for Christmas so he hasnt worn them yet.  But they will be great for the winter time in Washington with all the rain!
B008PEJOKK Love these sneakers! The brown is suede perfect for the fall or back to school!Puma sneakers are great quality & wash up well with little boys :)Got these as a lightning deal also, super happy with this purchase!
B008PEJOKK Quality... The quality of these pumas are really bad! I got them for my 5 year old and after just 3 weeks of wear they where in terrible condition. They got daily toddler use as one would expect they should be ok with but sadly not. Contacted Amazon and got a total refund so I was very happy with that. I wont be buying puma again anytime soon tho for my kid.
B008PJIH44 Love It! Love this Jacket!  I bought it for my two year old son and he looks so cute in it.  He also is picky when it comes to textures and this worked perfect!
B008PT3VLS Nice shorts Bought these for my 13 year old son. They fit well, look good and comfortable. I would definitely buy these again.
B008QY0MWS Fun and sporty Great quality and price. Bright, trendy and youthful. Boyfriend wore them all morning in golf tournament and said his feet felt great! Nice to find Puma shoes in large sizes.
B008QY1N9O Great for the price! These shoes are comfortable, they have a good look. I have had these shoes for a little over a month and I have no complaints, I recommend these shoes to other golfers!
B008QY1N9O Excellent golf shoes These are high quality golf shoes.  They look expensive and are comfortable as well.  Would recommend these for serious golfers.
B008QY1X0S Great Shoes I recently started playing golf and I needed some shoes. I bought the vibrant orange shoe on sale for 50 dollars. At that price point the shoes were a great deal. The shoes fit well and they were extremely comfortable. The shoes have performed well so far and they allow me to have good posture on the grass. The soft spikes also seem durable and they can be replaced if the need arises. I will definitely experience enjoyment from these shoes.
B008QY1X0S Great Shoes I went out shopping for golf shoes and came across them and immediately like them but the color was ugly and they had very few sizes. I scanned the bar code on my phone and they came up on amazon in many colors and sizes and not to mention they were about $30-$40 dollars cheaper. Great quality and very comfortable.
B008QY1X0S Great shoes for the price can't beat Great shoes will buy pumas everytime. The size chart on pumas are perfect and good quality of shoes for the price
B008QY1X0S Awesome shoes Great golf shoes.  I have used these all summer, and they have held up very well.  In my experience, Puma products always are very quality and these shoes did not disappoint.  Save some money and buy these instead of overpriced Footjoys.  The cleats are great, and I have not had to replace any yet.  Very comfortable, and the break-in period was very short.  Time will tell on the durability, but I am very satisfied with these shoes.
B008QY3N5Q True Grip Golf was never my passion. Once a week at the local course in tennis shoes.However, after my purchase of these shoes I did notice a remarkable difference in comfort and stability. Well worth the money.
B008R9Y0V6 Absolutely Love These Shoes!!! Absolutely Love These Shoes!!!  Perfect!  Great Quality...Awesome Style!  Worth the money!!  Quick delivery.  Very Happy with this purchase.  I wore these all day...feel just like regular sneakers!  They actually made me feel like younger...Love them!!
B008R9Y0V6 nice Very comfortable and nice quality. Even my daughter love it.  I have to share this pair of shoes with her.
B008R9Y0V6 Great looking and good quality! These are great pair of shoes. I love this sneakers, good  quality, looking nice, very happy with this purchase.I'm completely satisfied with this product.
B008R9Y0V6 premium quality product Bought this shoes for my wife it was just as we wanted premium shoes for a premium girl and she love it, it fit kinda close but the quality made up for it she love it and so did i
B008RAHE8Q hot this is a very very comfortable shoe its very classy and simple great quality as well didnt regret the purchase
B008RB3A1A Great shoes These shoes are really stylish and comfortable and I'm glad I purchased them.  I feel that they were worth the money, which is something that I was initially afraid of.
B008RLY7NK Great Golfing Shoes! This is my first year as a golfer and these are my first golf shoes.  When I saw the picture, I though that they would be perfect and they are.  Very comfortable and easy to clean!
B008USM89A quality is somewhat poor. I hoped it was not so light.  I really disliked, quality is somewhat poor.  The brand has many best clothes
B008VBZPVO poor quality It came to me witg a hole in the both sides, i am shocked of the poor quality which provided by Puma
B008VQ01M2 Nice shoes.. Very nice shoes, liked them,  I didnt find any mini cooper puma shoes elsewhere, excellent quality,  very fast shipping, and excellent price, will buy again!
B008VQOGQ4 Look and fit very well I usually buy shoes sized 8.5 and these fit perfectly. Very good quality, look exactly like on the picture (Teaberry Red color) delivery is fast. Soft, comfy, easy to slip in. Leather is of a great quality.
B008VT3A54 Colorful but The shoes are Puma which I normally associate with quality. The rubber soles were ok if a little thin but I guess one can expect that from a fashion sneaker (football cleat indeed).  The leather uppers are ok, but the stitching looks thin and might wear quickly over time.  Lastly, the tongue is some kind of polymer and very cheap.  I don't expect to get much mileage out of these shoes as I bought them for looks to wear to a baseball or hockey game.  I would have waited for a price drop though, definitely not worth the money at $50.
B008VT3L4O Very good price. Quality as expected. I am very happy with these new football (Soccer) boots. Would buy again. Hopefully these will last a long time.
B008VUG4FG ms. Lonnie You can never go wrong with puma shoes for boys, my 5yr old, also got them for school last year and this year, and they last throughout the whole school year, what more can you ask for, especially in this economy:-)
B008VUJBLA Great Purchase I love, love these shoes! They're just like I remember wearing as a teen, old school sneaks. So happy with my purchase!
B008VUJBLA Disapointed The quility is good but the size is really to big but apart from that it's a good buy and good brand
B008VUJBLA My daughter private school shoes my daughter is only allowed to wear red, white, or blue shoes for her private school and these have fit her all year. Love them!! VERY durable!!
B008VUJBLA bad deal amazon Amazon-  I was very disapointed- these shoes started to fray and the stitching to come out within weeks of getting them.
B008VUJBLA Great for rough kids. My sons are shoe destroyers. We have tried quite a few different pairs/brands and few lasted more than a few weeks. Yes, weeks. You'd think they walk on the top of their shoes. These Pumas are ver resistant with their suede construction and no stitching up front. Unlike running shoes, the will not come apart by the toes and the suede is much stronger material. Fit runs normal to slightly small. Only other alternative would be the Adidas Superstars but my sons like these better since they are softer and more flexible.
B008VV1KZE daughter loves her sparkle shoes! Shoes look great on her and the quality is excellent. We have always gone with new balance, but these are better quality and fun!
B008VV1KZE beautiful and great quality My five year old loves these shoes.  They are super cute and colorful.  Would buy theses again in a heartbeat.
B008VV1KZE Pretty shoes Nice shoes, they look good on my daughters feet.  Bright and lovely colours and comfortable shoes, bought these in size 13 for my 6 year old daughter.
B008X04KR8 Great shoe. I bought these for my son who is usually very picky with shoes and he says he love them. They actually look very comfortable and of a very good quality. Great purchase.
B008X04NE8 excellent quality Very happy with all my purchases
B008XAUJB4 4 year old loves it My little princess is always attracted to the horrible princess sneakers with vinyl like finish. I got her approval for this pair. They are very light, flexible and comfortable. She loves them. I would not buy her shoes of quality that I would not wear and this is definitely a quality sneaker. I would just recommend the buy a size up as puma's run small.
B0091Q2UZW Puma youth pants Very happy! My purchase came right on time. They fit my son perfectly.  I have purchased plenty of these types of pants and they are great quality. I will buy these types of pants again.
B0097Q306Y Sporty and comfortable These are high quality, great fitting cozy sweat pants that are great for lounging in casual wear. I also got the matching top that fits perfectly and overall looks good.
B0097YIMVO Same as seen. Great quality I ordered a large accidentally instead of a small. I still use it because it's comfortable, lightweight and the quality is good. It is exactly as it appears online. I love it and would recommend it to other buyers, just make sure and get your correct size! Lol
B0098ID10G Crappy materials, will fall apart Two months in, the right shoe developed a hole next to a seam. Inexcusable quality, I won't be buying another pair of Pumas.
B0098ID10G Nice Light Shoes. We purchased these shoes for my 13 year old son that has feet that are growing quickly.  He really likes them.  His exact words are &#34; They are light weight, furry on the inside, and cool.&#34;  These are definitely worth your money.
B0098X597Y SUPERIOR QUALITY AND PRICE!! I bought this as a present for my son and he is very picky and he just loved it ... quality was superb and the price was surely right.  I have confidence in Amazon.com products, and that is why I always order from them.
B009CNN4GS nice jacket My 12 year old son picked this out for himself and he loves it!  Good quality and style; seems well made.
B009CNN4GS It's Awesome and Then Some! Bought this for my 12 year old son.  He loves it and so do I!  Great quality and gets lots of positive comments!  Do it...buy it!
B009FD25EC Son Loves these Shoes My son loves these shoes.  So far they are holding up for a 11 year old boy.  He is very hard on shoes and these shoes are passing the test.
B009FD2LM8 Nice shoes. Great quality and looks. Very pleased with the purchase and looking into buying more products from this brand. Comfortable and sleek.
B009FD3JJC great deal for classic style pumas Great deal anf the quality of the shoes is as expected.  The picture shows different colors than the real item but at the end you can tell they are yellow and green.
B009FDPVRK Shoes for the beach These shoes are terrible for the gymn, bad soles and they fit terrible,, Waste of money .. Use them at the beach
B009FDR416 Good purchase Quality ok. Love the tread on the bottom makes it perfect for the type of running i do. Very light weight. Can see what people mean about the glue on the soles coming loose eventually can see that happening but still over all happy with this purchase
B009FDRKJ2 Comfortable, but poor stitching Stitching on the front toes is coming loose after one month of use. Worn maybe a dozen times. (- 1.5 stars)I love the comfort and fit. Would give 3.5 stars if I could, but can't give it 4 bc they will be junk in another month.Great stability for the road and for walking, but poor workmanship.
B009FE7XMA Good shoes Happy with purchase. Good fit and quality. In process of breaking them in to be used on a vacation involving a lot of walking. Hoping they hold up well.
B009FEBLPK Good quality for low price I thought it was an appropriate rating for quality of an inexpensive sneaker .  My wife wants to get a pair for herself
B009FLJ68M awesome style and comfort but not so good quality I loved this sneakers the moment I got them, they were very comfortable and, to me, they didn't cause any type of fatigue; they were absolutely gorgeous. unfortunately after 2 weeks of very light use , the stripe began to unstitch. I still wear them and I love the style and comfort but I'm afraid it will continue to rip and make a bigger gap. it probably was a manufacture defect, but after that, I would not recommend this product.
B009FM4GK4 great shoes totally happy with these shoes! they are confortable, cool, awesome, good quality and great price. it was a great deal.
B009FM4GK4 SO GOOD PRODUCT! GOOD PRODUCT AND QUALITY, NOT SO FAIR WITH SIZES, BUT ALSO AGREE COMPARED TO OTHER BRANDS.ONE TO TEN, EIGHT FOR ME.
B009FM4GK4 Good Every-Day Shoe It's comfortable and good for people with very wide feet if you buy a size up.  As opposed to the suede options from Puma, the canvas shoes can handle more wear and tear, and the Puma S's have thicker soles than the Clydes.They'll last about a year with constant use.
B009FM64EK Good model, but somewhere small unfortunately I bought this model 45 Eur size, but in fact sneakers were slightly smaller, so my feet are suffering from distress, especially at the end of the working day. Tried to break in them, but within a month the situation has not improved. However, it is worth saying that the material is very high quality and sturdy, fairly easy to clean, so a very good thing. I recommend!
B009FM64EK Wore a hole through the top and not great in rain Within 3-4 months of wear, a hole developed on the top where my big toe is on the right shoe. the fabric is not very strong at all. Also, these shoes are not great in the rain, as they are made out of fabric rather than rubber or some other material. If it weren't for the hole, I could deal with the rain thing, but that was a HUGE turn off for me. I like my shoes to last at least a year before I start thinking about new ones. 3-4 months just doesn't make the cut.
B009FMQXLE love these shoes, puma future suede great shoes got them fast and easy..:) love how fast i got these shoes and there really lite thanks a lot
B009FMR6D8 Comfortable shoes. I bought these sneakers for my son for his birthday. He really likes the shoes except for the flap that goes across the top. It hangs out over the front of the shoe. It does not velcro down.
B009FMR6D8 great shoes For the price these shoes are definitely worth it. I am satisfied with these shoes as it fits week on my feet.
B009FMRLQU Good looking shoes Nice slick looking shoes for casual wear! Not meant to be worn playing sports or any heavy activity. Shoes are light weight.
B009FMSK1A great they are ver cool! they fit perfectly and the quality is very very good! nice shop, like it a lot:)
B009FMSK1A Cheap They don't make them like they use too. The shoes were so small, almost to the point were my feet looked abormally tiny. They really weren't that comfortable, and for the price you can pickup a pair of pro vans that are as equally sporty and wear-in much nicer. The aesthetics are really the only reason to purchase the shoe, but even that in person appears cheaply stitched and only lightly durable.The &#34;lite&#34; is an excuse for skimping on quality. I'm returning this product asap.
B009FN614C Good We all know that PUMA is one of the best brand in shoes and i tell you what this shoes are good quality and style, but as if you can notice most of the item here is MADE of China.. but i hope this shoe will last atleast a year
B009FN614C super comfortable great quality, bright colour
B009FN614C Good I love my shoes, they are like the picture. They are really high quality. They are the correct size and came on time
B009FN614C lovely shoes very good quality, so beautiful, all as described.  in person they look better. Look great too!  Satisfied with purchase. They are SOOOOO comfortable.
B009FN614C good the quality is very good and i got it early than i think. so happy to got it . thanks so much
B009FN614C Nice Shoes My granddaughter picked these shoes out and I purchased them for her. She loves them, says the style, color and fit are great. All this from a 16 year old... this must be a good shoe.
B009FN6IEK Love! These shoes are great! Way more comfortable then other slip on shoes.  The mesh fabric helps with ventilation for hot summer days.
B009G1TV1S i love this shoes the shoes are very nice, comfortable, size is accurate, I loved the colors.thank you very much for providing such good quality products
B009G1VXJG Love these beauties. I got these for my  11yr old. They look great on her but more importantly they fit comfortably and are nearly indestructible. They are more pricey than your dollar store shoes for kids but it has been my experience with Puma shoes that they last the entire school year and then a second school year when they pass on to my younger daughter and can be used beyond that still looking great and looking darn near new.
B009GZS6OW Great quality, bad design Great quality fully lather shoesBuy one size bigger.I am 8.5 and these shoes are 10 and fits almost perfectReally stupid front design.Will wear it for work
B009K9OTJA Nice shoes I ordered these shoes for my 2 yr old son. Shipment was fast and the shoes look great . Would definitely recommend for your toddler!
B009KRMGFQ High quality shoes My little girl is happy that's all that matter to me she love the shoes very cute shoes and it fitperfect .
B009KSDDUM My daughter loves them Great purchase!!!! Good price, super fast shipping and the best part is that my 5 year old loves them and wants to wear them all the time.
B009KSDDUM Great!! Got this for my youngest. The shoe seems indestructible. She is very rough on shoes and these still look brand new after 6 months of daily use. I am very pleased with them. So good looking too, she gets lots of compliments on how nice they look.
B009KSDXP2 adorable Super cute, great quality and fantasic price. Bought it for my daughter and she looks adorable in it. Love it!
B009KTLR6I My Son's Favorite Shoes Okay so my 6 year old is a PUMA fanatic...we went to the actual PUMA store in the mall and they have good sales (sometimes). Finding these on Amazon was a steal and he LOVES these shoes. The fit is good and they are lightweight - definitely good for the summer. I've thrown them in the washing machine (he wore them to the rodeo) and they were as good as new (again). PUMA is a brand I trust and as long as my son is happy, I am happy. Great shoe, great price, adding more in my shopping cart.
B009KTLR6I Kinderfit puma These shoes are super cute... it's a small fit and it's very lightweight.My son hasn't worn it as yet. I will give a review when he wears it when school reopensOk so my son has been wearing the sneaker for the past 3 weeks and no complaints thus far. He gets lots of compliments on them
B009KTLR6I PUMA Future Cat shoes excelent this shoes is a quality product, I was given like this in the description and also I came in good condition, I have tested and works perfectly, I recommend it 100%
B009KTSEOQ NICE SHOES MY SON ABSOLUTELY LOVES HIS SHOES...HE SAYS HE HAS THE COOLEST SHOES OUT OF ALL THE 5TH GRADERS AT HIS SCHOOL
B009KUEOFS Love these My 5 year old daughter just loves these we bought them for school and she is extatic to wear them!
B009KUFSIK Gotta love Puma! My grandson loves Puma and the color yellow so these shoes were perfect!  He loves the shoes, they fit well and are such good quality.
B009KUH0CC perfect and good quality perfect price and quality
B009KVEDCG Great "little kid ease" for "big kids" My 9 year old son was very excited about these shoes. His Dad has a pair and finds them very comfortable and flexible for everyday wear. I love the neoprene & that came in handy when my son fell in a small pond recently! It is hard to find velcro or easy slip on sneakers for &#34;big kids&#34; and these fit the bill perfectly. I was really happy with this purchase.
B009LA8GFG Nice tshirt - wear it all the time Not a bad tshirt.  Got it on sale.  Puma pattern on the fabric seems higher quality, and it has not peeled or warped at all.
B009LATZ3I Decent qualify and value-for-money For this price, the fit and quality of the shirt is pretty good! Among the other shirts I bought, this one came out tops due the quality if its cloth.
B009LAV6TO good quality- It looks better on my husband (who has ... Very soft, good quality- It looks better on my husband (who has a longer torso than I do). Too bad Luis Suarez was ejected, what am I going to do with a freaking Uruguay shirt now??
B009MNYG1U I love the shows and how they look with a couple ... I love the shows and how they look with a couple ties I purchased to match. The only drawback is that the soles near the heel have already started coming unglued. Nothing a shoe-poxy can't fix, but still a little frustrating.
B009MNYG1U best puma my husband liked this.  very lightweight and comfortable.  easy to clean and great price.  puma is great quality and is true to size.
B009MNZO3O Five Stars Great quality, presentation and delivery times.
B009NGLO4I great tee!! Absolutly love quality, style and fit. Bought it for my 4 year old, who is tall. And size 5 fits him perfectly!If your kids love puma/ferrari , like mine do, go for it. I'm so satisfied with this product!
B009PSP9FE I love it This is a great quality hoody!! I love the silk like blue that is swen into the hood. It really sets this hoody apart from others.
B009STI9NO Good Product Good Product, with good price!!! I just hate that i didn't buy two pairs when it's on $30. looks much better than on pictures.
B009STNEF2 comfort and style great traction. light but sturdy, the shoes seem to be really well made, I have worn them two months now and they have held their shape and worn evenly
B009SU4SF6 unique look and Puma quality you don't see these everywhere is why I bought them.  They look good and are super comfortable.  I did 10 mile walking days for a week all over London in these boots.
B009SUSWKI Perfect fitting. Authentic. Great quality. Perfect fitting. Authentic. Great quality.
B009SVMOCO good shoes it fits good. as we expected. fullfill what we want...good choice and good design. four poni cero qualification for me
B009SVMOCO Nice shoes Look good, feel good, and were a great price when I ordered. Proper good shoes.Haven't used them for long, but I can't say nothing bad now. Maybe it'll change in the next months.
B009T3VXG4 so cute Adorable! exactly what i expected. shipping was VERY fast. great price for the brand and good quality. Highly recommend if you have a little stud to dress
B009WPIL5K Ok jacket My son saved up his money to buy this jacket.  He was very excited to have it.  It didn't take long for the stitching to start to come apart at the seams.  This is not the best quality jacket.
B009XFYTCS Great for athletics I bought this for my 8 year old for gym days.  It fits well, and there is room to grow.  The fabric is slightly thinner than expected, but it keeps him cool when he's active.
B009XG1Z56 Great shorts Good quality and great fit! Wish I had ordered  more  Just in different colors! They got to me quick as well.
B009XG3QBW Great pants My 5 year old really likes these pants. They fit very well and are comfortable for him. The elastic waistband is nicely covered, but there are super long tags that might make you itch. The pants are a thick mesh type fabric that is warm, but not hot. The fabric is the same, inside and out. Very nice and soft. Only issue is that the mesh can pull and cause runs in the fabric. Which is very likely with 5 year olds.
B009XHPWAY Good shoes, nice fit I was a bit nervous about buying shoes on-line as sizes vary slightly and I have wide feet ( e.g I never wear Adidas as any Adidas soccer boots I've tried on are very narrow for my feet). These Pumas arrived in 2 days, much quicker than the promised delivery of 3 - 5 business days and were a very good fit, size was exact as promised. The only negative is that the product description details they are kangaroo leather ( and other mixed materials). The shoes feel very plasticky, if there's any leather content it's not immediatly visible to me. Good fit, look good and I may swap out the blue laces for red laces, that's just personal taste. Of course I've only worn them twice and usually my soccer shoes split along the outstep, especially if they're not well made. I've had boots last as little as 3 months up to approx. 18 months of playing twice a week. Maybe I'll come back and let everyone know how long they lasted, but for $50, they're really budget soccer shoes for astro-turf IMHO
B009YGXAM6 recommend The quality of the fabric is divine, washed and does not affect the texture, fantastic colors besides being very warm for winter.I can only say that I had a breakdown in the fabric but minimal, and a down
B00A0HD28U puma girls indoor shoes Shoes look good, but look a little cheaply made, but will work for the money and purpose. Shoes where also sent in a good timely manor (took about 5it days).
B00A0HDGAO Great quality for a great price Very nice pair of soccer shoes , fit was perfect, colors are nice and most important my 5yr old loved it!
B00A0HDGAO Great shoes. These shoes looked great, but my son just wasn't into the design. Return went well as is the case with Amazon noramlly
B00A0HDGAO Kids love it. My 7 and 8 years old boys love it, good quality construction, you will not be disappointed. Very good soccer cleats.
B00A0HDGAO My son loves them Good quality, nice colors, and fit well. My son will get a lot of good use out of them this spring for soccer.
B00A0HEKYK Basic indoor soccer cleat for kids I bought these for my 7 yr old son who is soccer mad. He moved from outdoor to indoor soccer so needed indoor cleats. The court is fairly slippery and the game is fast so a shoe with good grip is important. These do the trick. Quality is average, thus far 4 weeks in they are holding up well.  He says they are comfortable (and he is fairly picky about shoes too). I have compared them to the cleats bought by friends at the soccer swap and they match up quite well. Overall good value for money.
B00A0HFT2W Surprisingly durable Good quality and very durable - more so than I expected - My son has played a season and a half in these and he loves them. Only reason I am replacing them for him is that he continues to grow at a rate that is alarming! I would highly recommend these cleats they represent good value for money.
B00A7H90D4 Excellent Nice,excellent ,high quality lather and design is great.Puma and Ferrari logo are on perfect.  Beg have a plenty space for tablet , phone, wallet and five item for every day usage and travel. I have a lot of different bag, some of them cost more than 200 ,but this one have batter design and I can say quality to even most of them are made in China under original.
B00AAILGGY Good Deal The capri pants are a great deal.  My 8 year old loves then and has asked for more.  The quality met our expectations
B00AALIX4Y superb Great price & quality! It had been washed many times and still fits as well as the 1st day / try.
B00AAMES2O Very cheap fabric! Stiching came off just after single use! Very cheap fabric! Stiching came off just after single use! Will never buy this fabric again.Go for the cotton!
B00AAMES2O Super This outfit is so cute! I bought it for my little boy and love the style and quality. Very pleased
B00AAMOPZO Our Eldest Son Loves Wearing It! It's very comfortable and looks great on our son.  He can't get enough of wearing it.  This year, Puma has had some great choices for style.  It's perfect for warm weather for us.  Perfect length for him as well below the knees for our 11 years old son.
B00AAZOX0I Poor choice After 2 washes, it is totally stretched out. The quality is awful. The size was good but he can't wear it anymore. Poor choice on my part. I am sorry I ordered it.
B00AAZPJ4M Great, but long These shorts are nice looking and seem to be high quality.  They are very long--to the bottom of my son's knees.  Expect this unless you are very long-legged.
B00AAZPNYS Good quality shorts Good quality shorts for my 4 year old. They wash well, do not fade and fit well.
B00AB2N07M very good for the price excellent sunglasses for its price, so I advised my friends to buy it.however the frame built quality look fantastic and comfortable.
B00AB2N07M Very satisfied The glasses fit great and look great. Appear to be good quality. Worth the price. Can't wait to wear them on vacation.
B00AB2N07M Great quality product Look, this is PUMA. These sunglasses are top quality, but a little bit on the weighty side. 69mm appears to be a little bit big for my face, but I really love the look.
B00AFPN4NA Classic tracksuit The tracksuit was good quality and delivered fast. I was looking for an adidas original firebird tracksuit for a baby girl in purple and I stumbled across this one. Very similar to adidas, and comparable fabric/ quality.  This one was the cutest girly one around!
B00AKDL8K8 Good quality, awkward style Didn't love the tapered bottom to the pants and the overall fit for fitness pants. The material is a nice polyester fabric, but the design or fit of the pant felt like there was something missing.
B00AKDMKIC Perfect The fit is true to size, quality is good, washed and dried in the dryer with no shrinkage. I have two of these.
B00AKQHCHI Love  Puma, great quality with price Fits perfectly as described, with great quality and price. I hate going to shopping malls to find what I need. Great experience.
B00AKQHMVO great shirt, shipped fast, nice quality This is a very nice product, it is the actual team jersey for the Ferrari F1 team. It is nice quality and it was shipped quickly.
B00ANR32PK Five Stars Very good quality fast shipping
B00AOAQAJG Poor quality with this lemon pair There is a whole in seam at the top of the foot after two days wear. Very disappointed. When they finally got the order correct the quality of the shoe was weak. The seam is already split and open and unfortunately I have to move to another brand based on the quality alone. I've always LOVED Puma but this retailer had poor quality. I will no longer purchas Puma I am moving to Sketchers brand.
B00AOBA9Z6 Cool shoe, but poor quality I've had a lot of positive comments on these shoes. My problem with them is that they are really fashion sneakers and nothing more.The material is lightweight, but somewhat flimsy.Besides this, the rim of the sole was loosening already after a week wear.Colours are very nice and I'll wear them until there's finished!But for daily wear...nah....
B00AOBC4JA Great Quality & Great Price Great quality. Fairly true to size but they were a little tight in the heels which rubbed a blister on both in less than an hour. I'm going to have to work on stretching them out a bit and then they'll be fine.
B00AOBEVTQ Sneaker This product is terrible! DO NOT BUY IT! The soles broke in a couple of days, the strings were fringed when I got them, and the back gives me blisters, even with thick socks! It has a SUPER UNREASONABLE price and the color is a lot duller than what I had expected. If you are considering buying this product, DO NOT! It is not worth your money!
B00AOCCXJU kickboxing i purchased these for kickboxing. pretty good quality sneakers. although i have noticed that they are starting to stretch out a bit.
B00AOCE7IA PUMA SHOES Purchased these with my treadmill and they work great for walking on it.  Comfortable shoe and fits my foot very nicely.  As always with Amazon delivery was right on time and the price was great for quality.
B00AOCE7IA Comfort Great shoes to wear all day. Arrived really quick and the shoe was already broke in to be able to wear all day!
B00AOD2OQ6 great Great shoe, quality, style and comfort for a great price. I highly recommend these stylish shoes for sneaker lovers. Beautiful
B00AOD2OQ6 good quality ...nice look, a bit snug but fits well, exceeds expectations for the price paid.I would definitely recommend them.=)
B00AOD2OQ6 Very nice Fit as expected. Nice sneakers. I can't say anything about quality, cause i've already bought it. puma products not bad.
B00AOD8YMO waiting HAVE ONLY WORN A TIME OR TWO.tIME WILL TELLCONtact me in the future and i will be better able to access quality
B00AODTEZA wow everyone asks me about these shoes.  I love the attention.  Quality build -- although I just wear them on Jean day -- casual Fridays.
B00AODVKJI Puma Bloweb Elite NM Fashion Sneaker Quality shoes!!!Recommend Highly.Very cool and hip shoe. Love the Design and Materials....You will love them too, promise.
B00AOH0UKO Very Poor Quality I was expecting it to be of good quality but it is not.Stitching came off! Fabric lost its grace just after one wash!Will never buy fully synthetic again!
B00AOMV7YW They were greay They were in great quality and it's because I love pumas too for any body else I recommend them 100%
B00AOMWLPG GREAT SHOES! Preppy nice and neat shoes, they fitted great! :) I totally recommend them. VERY VERY HAPPY, good shoes good shoes!
B00AOMZH1Q Good This product met my expectations and was good quality and a good price. No complaints, I felt like I got a good deal. Order a size larger though.
B00AOMZH1Q Great quality and price. The fit is exact Great quality and color. Great purchase! Fits like as advertised. Very sastified with this purchase. Puma delivers a great quality shoe
B00AONURJ2 Very nice shoe for Summer Nice Summer sneaker. Good quality. However, my son is not wearing it yet as it run a bit big. So next year probably more news on the fit and comfort.
B00AONVA52 Bad buy! These shoes are probably the ugliest things I've ever wore. They really don't look good with anything and they make your feet look tiny.
B00AONVA52 Poor quality At this price, the quality and finish are poorFrom the pictures, it looks very nice but in reality it downvery weak
B00AONVB5G poor quality shoes estimatesThe purchase you make in your shop of puma shoes, has caused me repentance. Since these shoes are broken in the wings.I wonder if there is any way to remedy this bad purchase of this product.PS. Purchasing the make from Ecuador, for this reason had not previously written and delayed in order to reach me. The shoes I have used them twice and broke.If required I can ask them to get pictures of the shoes that are part and broke.regardsTony
B00AONW5CO Quality Puma is a quality sneaker with so much variety and style. Most imporrtant are the very reasonable prices. Very comfortable.
B00AONW5CO Puma shoes I chose these shoes because of the lightweight compact design.  They fit perfectly and are as comfortable as bedroom slippers.  I was impressed by the high quality construction and low price.
B00AONW9JS Good shoes THis shoes is a gift for my son. I like. The finished is good but is sinthetic. The price not is low. I recomenden.
B00AONW9JS Great looking but not durable. Within two weeks of wearing the shoes they already have a hole below the toe. Frustrating that as expensive as the shoes were they couldn't hold up to walking.
B00AONX3AW Great Quality it's an awesome shoe, great quality, very stylish but fits  a little small, if you have to buy it then you should go one size above
B00AOOH730 not a shoe for the flat feet person i love these shoes the quality looks amazing they are realy good made. BUT there not for people with flat feet problem, had to sell them after all
B00AOOH730 Good Quality Materials and Timeless Design...a Classic I use to buy pumas 4-5 years ago but I think they changed design and I lost  interest. Then, I started buying nike similar design but shoes didn't last long specially when I went to gym. Conclusion: they are not gym shoes. It doesn't help that nike is not my cup of tea.Besides, Italians have a gift for design and proportion. I really like the shoes. Even the box they are packaged is a little bit untraditional in a good way. You need to see it to believe it.I love vans (4 pairs in a yr or so) too but they have a quality control issue. The design and the simplicity is really nice but the materials quality is questionable. If vans could have pumas gift for design (unlike other companies that create spaceships) and attention to detail specially for this design, they will be a better company.Yes, I recommend this pair of sneakers for it's low profile/retro/classic design. It goes with everything without saying, "look at my shoes". It complements pretty much anything. By the way, it has two pair of shoe laces (black/grey). Cool stuff....
B00AOOLDO4 Look good Look good if you are standing around, but tight, I probably wont get Pumas ever again.  They come with fatty laces, which again, look cool but are not practical.
B00AOOZY9E Good shoes Good looking, Lots of cushion. Only bad side is they rub against my heel but that happens with most shoes I wear.
B00AOQ75LM Did not last Purchased for my fourteen year old son end of October 2013.  He wore them twice a week to practice and one weekend indoor tournament.  The soles are already separating from the shoe at the toes and on the outside of the shoe between the arch and heel.  Very disappointed.  We are a couple of weeks past the deadline to return to Amazon so are trying to get Puma to address this, but it is not looking like they will since the shoes were purchased through Amazon.  Shoes should last longer than two months!!
B00AORB3DW I'm very happy with these soccer shoes Excellent quality and fit perfect. I've been using it and does fulfill my expectations about PUMA shoes. I can recommend when buying online shoes to be sure about the size.
B00AORB3DW Great Boots for the Price I have been very happy with the quality of this product. I was expecting the boots to be somewhat weak and cheap, but they have the full quality that you would expect from $70 or $80 boots. Excellent buy.
B00ASRJFA6 Good Quality for Hard to Find Shoe Sizes I bought these for my son who finds that the regular sized socks are too small for his size 13 feet. They tend to slip down over his heels. But he is rough on his socks so we needed a good quality sock that wouldn't wear out too fast. Bullseye with these socks. They are well constructed and are lasting very nicely through the washings. No pilling and no holes (after several months). They fit his feet perfectly.
B00AV6PQE8 so nice good quality, looks very good and fits as expected. everyone liked it and the price was unbelievable. thank you very much
B00AWXSA4I Just what she wanted. After searching for black/red, I found this one on Amazon. The quality is very nice . It is soft and thick.....very warm, and fits perfectly.
B00AWY5TQ4 Good Quality Nice looking pants that fit as expected.  There is a bit of a sheen to the fabric which makes them look a bit dressier, (as much as sweat pants can), and helps with cat hair not sticking, so much.  My son is 5'7&#34; and has a bit of tummy, the medium fits well, a little long, but fine with shoes.
B00AWYUO46 It's even better than what you can see in the pictures. I gotta say it: I'm very happy with this jacket.When i ordered it, i had my doubts as if it would look as great as the pictures shown in Amazon, or if it would fit as expected. But as soon as i saw it and got to try it on, i couldn't have been more satisfied.The fabric is great, it really feels that you're getting the quality you paid for. It is very comfortable, and has some little nice Ferrari details aside from the emblem in front.All in all, it was a great purchase. If you think you like it, go for it.
B00AWYUO46 Five Stars It's quality
B00AY65V1I Nice trail shoe I bought these shoes a few weeks ago. I went with a 10.5 as I normally wear and they are a little tight when I first put them on. After I move around in them they feel good. These shoes have a nice deep tread and are good for running on loose gravel and have a lot of bit. So far I am happy with them.
B00AY6NZDE good shoes Great shoes for the price. I like the quality, they are comfortable and look good. They also fit very well.
B00AYBQL4Y Nice My 5 yr old daughter is not into dresses and skirts so she really likes this outfit. As far as quality, we've only washed the outfit so far, so time will tell.
B00AYBQOGO Super cute! Definitely a great price for a 2 piece outfit.  Good quality and fits perfect.  You can't buy 2 piece outfits for this cheap, even at Target, plus it's a brand name!  Lightweight and summery!
B00B1E4QSQ Awesome Shoes Got them a few months ago for work and they are extremely light and comfortable. My only issue is that the logos on the backs of both heels have already fell off just after a few months of wear.
B00B1E5NU6 Love the shoes... Falling apart already I am a shoe collector i buy lots of shoes and take really good care of the ones I own. These are one of my favorite high tops  i own but unfortunately the black around the shoe has already started to come off after only wearing the shoes a couple times.
B00B1E5NU6 very nice shoes fit well and good quality. shoes appear to be assembled very well. very stylish and hard to find for the price
B00B4NLJA2 Very good!! excellent product, very good fabric, I'm perfect for my son, he looks gorgeous!!, I recommend it for all children especially to the park
B00B4S5TRG These shoes look amazing in person! The pink color is very vibrant; my gf loves them! It is hard to tell in the pic but the shiny black &#34;scale&#34; looking things really look good in the sunlight. They lightly sparkle but not so much that they look cheesy. From the picture I thought they were sequins but they are not; they lay flat on the fabric of the shoe. The quality is a bit less than expected from Puma, but these aren't meant for performance, so they really do earn a 5 star rating just for how cute they are.
B00B4S5TRG Poor quality This shoe looks so  cheap and the quality is very poor. I don't think that it can even last one year.
B00B4YAC54 Nice Quality I had been looking around for some time to find shoes for my daughter who just went through a growth spurt.  Trying on shoes in stores but found nothing we liked that were a decent price. These were a great price point and look really cool.  Original order was a 4.5 but they were too small.  5 are snug on her but work great.  She will likely have another growth spurt soon anyway as kids go.
B00B5013PK Daughter loves them! Shoes are good quality and fit is true to size. The stylish colors and design bring her confidence in her soccer play.
B00B502OSA My son loves these indoor shoes! My son played indoor on a hard court surface this winter, and he absolutely loved these shoes.  great product, very happy with the purchase!
B00B503HRW Look Great Fit perfect, My son Loves the shoes, they look great and quality
B00B503JTS Fits perfectly The shoes fit perfectly and got here in a timely manner. My daughter loves them and its good quality for the price.
B00B503JTS Puma power cat 3 My daughter loves these shoes. They are a little smaller than other shoes but we ordered them one size bigger to compensate. She has worn them for 3 weeks now and the quality seems to be very good.
B00B532Q26 Great shoes! My daughter loves these shoes!
B00B532Q26 The quality is very good, but too big, The quality is very good, but too big,One more year to kids wear.
B00B5GEZG8 Great fit, look nice My son loves them.  They look great and have good wear!  My son wants to wear them everyday.  He's funny
B00B5GI762 Fantastic! Great sneakers!!  Love them and the style is so great!!  Absolutely adorable for my 7 year old nephew! Thank you!!
B00B5HUIO0 Very cute! Cute shoes in vibrant colors that my daughter loves. Real sueaded material that we sprayed with protectant before wear. Quality product.
B00B5HUIO0 hit with both mom and 4 year old son my four year old finally took an interest in picking out his own shoes, and originally picked out these same shoes but with laces.  the laces never stayed tied -- we were constantly having to stop and fix them, even if we used double knots.  these fit both of our needs:  bright red for him (why he picked the original ones in the first place), and super easy to put on/take off for me.
B00B5HUIO0 Cute shoes Have received several compliments on how cute these shoes are. Fit was perfect with a little room to grow. Have been wearing the shoes for 3 weeks & still look brand new. Definitely a great buy!
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes at great price Fits my 6 year old great. Color is bright and fun for summer. Puma always makes a good quality shoe, especially for all the wear and tear a little boy can give them.
B00B5HUIO0 Great shoes My son loved the shoes great detail in the gold trim, comfortable fit well has worn for a week and no complaints puma makes great shoes for kids best purchase.
B00B5HUIO0 Stylish Durable Shoe My son is hard on shoes.  He's 2.5 and very active.  I was tired of buying new shoes every couple of weeks.  I picked these shoes because they are stylish, comfortable and relatively durable.
B00B5HUIO0 Love these Its hard to find great ,reasonably priced shoes that still have the the velcro straps.My 7 year old can tie laces but sometimes its great to not have to! These shoes are great, I should just get one in every next size up,also fast delivery.
B00B5HUIO0 Good fit for my 3 year old boy! My son loves his &#34;fast shoes&#34;. He is 3 and he can get these shoes on and off by himself now. Suede is tougher to keep looking new, but he still likes them.
B00B5KO6EU Great shoes if you keep them in the box My boy wore these shoes for two weeks before they started falling apart.  The sole is coming off the shoes.  Boys are rough on their shoes, but he generally makes it 6-7 months in a pair before they are worn out.  Never again on Pumas.
B00B5KOTYW Old School Style These look so much better in person. My son is 2 and I'm trying to keep him into bring an original when it comes to his sneakers and fashion.
B00B5KZACC very happy with this product, my son and I liked it a lot too. good quality as what I imagined and hoped. thanks very happy with this product, my nephew and I liked it a lot too. good quality as what I imagined and hoped. thanks
B00B5KZACC Great shoes for 6 months They look nice, they fit great and my daughter loves them! They do well in all weather and are comfortable.Edit: although they are still comfortable, within 6 months the pink soles at the bottom of the shoes started coming off. :(
B00B5LHG82 Very nice! This very nice and cute toodler shoe fits very well in my daughter. Good quality, very light and comfortable. She is very happy with that!!!
B00B5LHG82 +A Great product, as expected, no fast transaction, fits look great good quality, i did recomend, Tks Amazon. I will buy another next pair soon.
B00B5W0B2O Nice shoes I bought these for my nephew and he loves them.Very comfortable shoes according to him. The big problem with these shoes is they do not last long.I know kids are hard on shoes,but the maximum wear he gets from these shoes is a 6 weeks to 2 mos. This is his third pair this year.The size is right on target,they look really nice,they are just not made very well.
B00B5W0FHK BAD QUALITY, BAD SIZING, VERY DISAPOINTING This is really disapointing, I even doubt that these are true PUMA shoes since the quality is so bad. The shape is all wrong,it has absolutely no foot support and are completely flat. They do not fit despite being the same size as all of the other shoes mi daughter wears. they look like they will fall apart any minute, I can't use them and I wouldn't even give them away they are so cheap and bad. A Bad quality product, these are NOT Puma originals, a bad fit.....extremely disapointing.
B00B5W0FHK good quality My son really loves these shoes, and they look really cute on him. The quality is good and a great price
B00B5W0FHK i like I liked the article is not of high quality but good article, will stay perfect, and my son to see him charm thanks
B00B5W0FHK My son loves them Bought them for my 3 year old son and he loved them since he laid eyes on them... he got really excited and now wears them almost every day... great buy!!
B00B5W0FHK Great product My son loves them, they are super comfortable and east to wear for kids who dont like shoe laces. Great quality and design.
B00B5W0FHK Great shoes I got these shoes for my little one and she loves them. They fit perfectly and loves wearing them. They are true to size and great quality. I love the Velcro straps because she still learning how to tie her shoes, so velcro it's much easier. Overall, I would highly recommend them.
B00B5W0FHK Great shoes! Needs some traction! Great puma shoes! Good as it looks, my kid likes it! Just few weeks old, I wish would have a better traction, it's just flat bottom! But overall it's a great shoes!
B00B5W0UUW adorable Adoreable!  Got them for my neice and she looks fabulous in them! Nice quality and fashionable for the lil diva she is.
B00B5W0UUW beautiful pair of sneakers and great quality I love these sneakers for my little girl. they fit true to size and they are of a great quality
B00B5W0UUW Good Shoes Recieved shoes really fast(UPS/Amazon). My daughter loves them (pink glitter) and they fit well. They look good too! Great shoes for the price.
B00B5WILDU Puma shoes My son loves his shoes and everywhere he go , everybody said  his shoes was cool ! I'm so glad I bought it &#128521;
B00B7LUG00 Could not be happier If I had known I could get such a high quality shoe for such a good price, I would have looked for these months ago. They fit well, felt good when running and with crossfit. Overall, I'm very happy
B00B7LUG00 Great sport shoes Love the design, colors and comfort. Great to walk and exercise. Cross training is hard with cheap shoes. These have a balance between Price and quality.
B00B7LUG00 not as beautiful as i think a little regret to buy, but does not mean it is bad or worse, just not like it , not because of the quality.
B00B7LUG00 Great shoes Great shoes, look nice and work well for what's needed. Right now, I am using them for the Insanity workout and they are performing great. I only use them for workouts and my old shoes for everyday use.
B00B7LUYFC Puma.. Puma is number 9, ussualy, all others shoe, is numer 8.5 for me,europian 42.Quality is extra, model is great, i am happy!
B00B7LVA8C Ordered for my son, He loves them!! Great looking shoes at a more than fair price! My son loves them! Very happy with the purchase! Awesome deal
B00B7LY4HQ LOVE these shoes!! I bought these running shoes as I am own other Pumas and love how light they are. I was looking for something with more support for my ankle (due to recent injury) and these are perfect. As with my other Pumas, they are super light weight and great quality.
B00B9Q17W4 Good quality Very satisfied with the product, cotton, colors stay good after repetitive washing and it is light and comfortable for playing.
B00B9QGDKU VERY GOOD BUY IT FOR MY SON AND REALLY LOVED, WE RECOMMEND PERFECT FIT AND HAS THE IDEAL SIZE, MATERIAL IS OF GOOD QUALITY IS COOL AND PERFECT FOR THE WARM WEATHER
B00B9QGEU4 Nice fit and quality Nice colors and quality for the price. My son was very happy with the t-shirt, want other in different colors.
B00B9ZDQA6 Puma Sneaker Original puma sneaker, my friend like it. good comfort and quality and fit. the colors are nice too. good for everyday use.
B00BAXWTT6 We ordered more already! Despite some negative reviews we ordered the white in size 23 for our 19 months son, they are very comfortable, they look great, my son loves them (even more than some fancy suede shoes that he has!) and not only this, but with these sneakers my baby is starting to train himself in taking off and put the shoes back again, the velcro makes a fun way to do it and l never imagined that he could learn this new skill wearing them. Literally, when my son knows that we are going to go out,  (he wears socks only at home) he gets so excited about putting the sneakers, and he is now a 21 months old guy! so far, the sneakers have not get damaged at all, and we already ordered the black ones. We for sure, will keep ordering them when my son's feet get longer. THEY SHIPMENT IS ALSO FREE!!!! so, for sure, this is a very good choice for children running and learning.
B00BAXWTT6 just right Always buy puma for my kids due to the perfect fit. Looks good and has great quality. They are always passed on as new to yoinger cousins.
B00BAXWTT6 Love PUMA shoes Got these shoes for my son as a giftEasy to put on due to the velcro systemGood quality as usual from PUMA, would buy again
B00BAXWTT6 Awesome My 2 Year son loves this shoes .. They look rich and fancy ..
B00BAXWTT6 Good quality Like it more beautiful than the picture ... Not expensive ... It was a gift for my friend son .. He like it soo much
B00BB0B4R6 Love the shoes! The shoes are great for my son. Very pleased. He is able to put them on by himself. Thank you
B00BEEOP02 Cool combo My son is 5, but not a big 5. The 6 is a little big but he'll grow into it. He rolls up the shorts and still loves wearing it. Great quality product.
B00BEEOPSY Great value and super quality These shorts and shirt fit my son perfectly! It is great quality at a bargain price. I would buy again!
B00BF70ARK Excellent quality As always there is no mistake choosing Puma products for my little girl... the product quality and price is amazing! the size is correct for my 18 months daughter.
B00BF70ARK Love Great material and quality and even cuter than the pic! A+ Perfect for hot summer weather. Would def buy again!
B00BS9LAE2 SOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD excellent material, good quality, I like the design.only buy three pairs but buy it all, the highly ... EXCELLENT PRODUCT
B00BSYJKNA Big boy pants for our little guy Our six year old son left cartoon undies in the dust when he saw these cool briefs! Red stitching is very sharp, great fit
B00BYGV6X4 good quality socks Like these socks, but they are a bit smaller in size than I expected. I intended on them being for my 5 year old, but was able to use them for my 3 year old
B00BYGW8NG Great Quality These are decently thick socks.  It should take my 10 year old at least a few months to start wearing holes in them.  And as anyone raising a pre-teen boy knows, that is all you can ask for.  Size is as promised.  He is on the low end of the size scale so they are slightly roomy, as they should be, but they don't bunch in a way that will make them uncomfortable as he feet grow.  Daily, it seems.  You'll be happy with this product.
B00BYGW8NG GOOD QUALITY THESE ARE GOOD QUALITY SOCKS, AND THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE. I WOULD BUY MORE, BUT THEY WILL LAST AWHILE, SO NO WORRIES FOR A GOOD WHILE.
B00BYLY0MS GREAT FOR TENNIS i like puma cloth, especially for kids to play tennis. quality good, price is cheapper than tennis cloth.would recommend everybody
B00C6AH8J8 very cute shoes I'm happy with my new shoes. High quality, are made of high quality materials, recommend them. I'll buy soon others thanks
B00C6AH8J8 nice  shoes I had  the blue one last year and everybody @ our office complement me for the shoes.  Love to get the other colors (red OR White)
B00C6BOILS good customer service The product came in on time and was priced well. Just wish the quality was a tad bit better. But all in all still well.
B00C6BTJUS jackie in chicago Nice looking casual pair of shoes seem to  be of good quality.The fit is just right I have no complaints.
B00C6BTJUS Great shoes! I bought them for my husband and he simply loves them! The quality is 1A and the price was amazing.
B00C6BUJDY LOVE THEM!!! These shoes are awesome. I'm always scared about buying shoes online because I never know how they will fit. I wear between a 9.5 and a 10 and I saw the reviews that said to buy big, so I bought the 10. They are SOOOOO comfortable. And they are quality! Other shoes that are similar that I have purchased have threads coming off shortly after purchase. I wear these all the time and they are amazing in quality! If I had more money I would buy the other options as well.Everywhere I go I get at least one person who says &#34;Awesome shoes&#34;. The first one was a waiter at Red Lobster. They are  more than I could have hoped for.
B00C6EW87G Great quality shoes My daughter is very happy with these and I liked the quality of them. It is kind of a guessing game when buying shoes online but with this pair it was a bulls eye!
B00C70PMOU Great buy Great looking jacket and fits great . I am very happy with quality. It was Just what I was looking for.
B00C70PMOU Nice looking jacket My son is super picky about his clothes so I was a little anxious about his reaction. However, when it arrived, my son loved it. It looks good on him, fits true to size (maybe with a little room to grow) and it appears to be of great quality. I'm really happy I went ahead with this purchase.
B00C70VXMU Even better in person! This is a really nice quality outfit (which we paired with the light-up puma sneakers).  The colors and material are even better in person.  My son is five (46 inches tall, 43 pounds) and I ordered a size 6.  The fit was great. I was worried about not having an adjustable waist - since he is thin - but the pants are perfect.  The jacket seems a little loose but I am pleased we have room for layers...and I am glad he will be able to wear it for more than one season.  I am definitely pleased with the purchase.
B00C70VXMU Great material-- long lasting I bought this when my son was a little over 1 year old.  Needless to say, it was way too big for him at the time.  Since then he has worn it many times and even after so many washes the material feels very good and he looks so good!  Quality zipper, material, and overall fit.
B00C70VXMU Very Good I like it good quality and nice to wear good, good i advice to everybody if have expectations to buy
B00C70ZJF2 Great boys pants These look and feel great. I am so pleased with the quality of this item. These will last a long time...at least until he outgrows them :)
B00C71819M Great buy for boys....... I ordered these shorts for my 13 year old grandson who is not  really very  concerned about his appearance (or so it would seem) however there are things he will wear and things that he definitely will not wear. I'm happy to report that these shorts fell into the &#34;will&#34; category.They must be comfortable since he likes to sleep in them and would wear them continuously for several (4 OR 5) days if not for parental intervention. The fit is very good and they look very nice even after being worn wet. I would definitely buy more of these next year and recommend them to friends with young boys.
B00C72I5K6 Good product All of my boys were brought up in puma clothing, so I purchased these for my grandson for his birthday.  Good quality and fit.
B00C72I5K6 Great looking; a little roomy Shorts look great. A little on the large side. Fabric is nice and color combo is cool. Seems to be decent quality.
B00C72I5K6 GREAT SHORTS BOUGHT THESE FOR WRESTLING ONLINE SINCE SHORTS ARE OUT OF SEASON RIGHT NOW. GOOD QUALITY. AND FIT LIKE OTHER SIZE 4 CLOTHES
B00C72IZPQ My son looks super handsome on this! I'm in love with this puma tee! It fits great, is very well constructed and have great quality, and the most cool about it is that my little boy looks super handsome on it. I highly recommend this product.
B00C7GKRK8 Pills My son wore the pants for a few hours, and w/in that time frame, they started pilling and just looked horrible.  After one was, (washed according to label), even more pills developed. Waste of money, expected more from PUMA.
B00C7GKRK8 ONLY KIND I WEAR MY 5 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WILL ONLY WEAR THESE KIND OF PANTS.  THEY FIT GOOD A LITTLE LONG, BUT NO COMPLAINTS.
B00C7GKRK8 My 4 year old son loves these pants!! The fabric is so soft and my son is sooo picky about fabrics. Excellent pants!! Soft fabric over elastic waist that gives a comfortable fit.
B00C7GKRK8 Pills when Washed The pants fit right and looked good the first wear, upon the first wash/dry they pilled and look really awful.
B00C7GKY06 Good quality, good colors, good fit I am very satisfied with this puma track set.  It fits as expected, and the colors look nice.  I would purchase more.
B00C7GKY06 Great! Good looking, good quality.Size just little bit larger than I expected.Very beautiful colors. Materials: 100% Polyester.I can recommend it for your child
B00C7HJN20 Bad quality Upon arrival, there were two holes, one in a pocket and one between the blue and black fabric. In both cases it appeared that the fabric was cut too short for the stitching.
B00C7L2S0U Good product Buy this item for my daughter, the product is of good quality, the material of the product is good, buy a size 5 and will stay as expected, purchasing other products of puma for my daughter.
B00C7MQI2S Good product Bought this for my two-year-old daughter, to go with her twin brothers green puma  jacket. It arrived on time does as advertise and they look adorable
B00C7MVJEU Puma hoodie I love this hoodie, but recomend getting it one size bigger.... It wont fit long at my house.. Fits or seems like a 24 mo. And i bought 2 t,  other than the quality is awesome and fabric is soft and comfortable... Also washes up great! Similar fabric to under armour
B00C7MYLHW Very cute! Very cute...true to fit...quality made product.  I am very happy with these!  My 4 year old daughter loves them as well.
B00C7MYLHW Great buy!!! These pants fit perfectly according to size. They are very soft and comfortable. Great buy and fast shipping. You can't beat the price or the quality.
B00C7MYLHW Really cute Really cute pants, daughter loves them! Great quality, color as expected. Wash great too, did not shrink or fade after long use.
B00C7OHAYQ Nice pants! Love the pants.  Shipped fast.  Great quality.  Washes up great.  Perfect for cooler weather at the gym!  VERY Happy Kid!
B00C7OL420 I am very satisfied. my son that 3years old fits good.price is good toovery satisfied.but delivery system is too late...  um..
B00C7VDWJQ Got the puma metal hoody in black I loved the product fits really nice and very good quality. Price was also good compare to what Macy's was asking in the department store.
B00C7VHPY4 Good fit, great quality, stylish, warm hood liner Good fit, great quality, stylish, affordable, warm hood liner, good quality zipper, use it for outdoors jogging in NYC, month of December cold.
B00C7VHPY4 Very good hoodie Super comfortable and warm - this exceeded my expectations. Has good weight to it, feels like a quality sweatshirt and looks good too.
B00C7VHPY4 High quality - Nice Fit My son loves this. I gave it to him as an early Christmas present when the temp hit 1degree. He wears it alone or under his dads coat when it gets really chilly. Soft and warm
B00C7VMOKO Nice pullover This pullover is high quality. Fits as expected and feels very soft and warm. Would have been 5 stars but unsure how many washes the reflective 'PUMA' will stand up to.
B00C92ZGLA Loved it High quality and so cute! Fit my 2 1/2 year old grandson very well! Thank you. It was a hit at Christmas.
B00C9IYCWI Quality is ok.  Construction ok for work out wear This top is just ok.  The fit is fine, but I was a little disappointed at the overall quality look and feel.  The trim is a cheap satin and the over all impression is, ok for workout wear, but seems a little shoddy as far as the construction.
B00CAJR2NW Wonderfull Excellent shoes for my son
B00CAJVONQ Very Good My son loves these shoes, he is very happy. I recommended this product. For the next opportunity I will buy again these shoes.
B00CAK38DY Good product I very thought this product was well worth the money spent on it. It was somewhat small but just getting adjusted to the new shoes.
B00CEVR0YC Puma Kid  ........... I love it My  son loves  this  brand  and  they wash up so good !  He  has been in Puma  since  and infant .
B00CFF65NY Was a big hit Both niece and parents loved this. It is very cute, and of good quality. Very pleased. Was a great price and arrived fast, would definitely look for similar products next time.
B00CJA364G Beware...very poor quality! My son got one days wear out of these shorts. After the first wash, they pilled terribly and he can't wear them again.
B00CMOEJOA I love puma for my daughter I loved this hoodie, when I first saw it. It is a great fit for my six year old daughter well.
B00CN5B73O Cute and comfortable Size five fit our tall, slender four-year-old perfectly and looked adorable on her.  She said the pants felt very comfortable.  The fabric is a good weight for layering.  It is well made and good quality.  More stylish than a lot of toddler/ little girl clothing.  The colors are vibrant, but not too bright.
B00CN5B73O Excellent This set is made with quality fabric, and fits well. Pleased with this set for the price paid and my daughter loves it.
B00CN5B73O Nice hoodie, but CHEAP ZIPPER ! Purple is my granddaughter's favorite color. Searching for a good quality purple hoodie, I ordered this one. We LOVED it until the cheep zipper wouldn't work after only nine weeks of inconsistent use !!!  The &#34;return&#34; policy is only four weeks.  You would have thought a name brand like Puma would give it's customers better quality. I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER PUMA PRODUCT.
B00CN5B8BA Good Quality It's what I expected not better not worse.  Cute practical all weather outfit for playing.  We like it.  Looks good after multiple washings.
B00CN5B8BA GREAT PRICE My daughter and I love this outfit fit great. It looks so cute on my daughter. Very good quality it did not shrink when I washed it.
B00CN5B8BA My favorite This is very good quality and l love hte bright colors.  Soft and comfy too. I bought matching puma shoes to make the complete outfit.  Couldn't be happier.
B00CN5B8BA very cute Good quality and style.  Size 3T fit my 2.5 year old niece perfectly.  She looks sporty and cozy and I'm very happy with the purchase.
B00CN5BG9Y Perfect!! Fits perfectly, and really nice, heavy material.  My very girly five-year-old loves it!  I mainly wanted it for the jacket because for $25, I got both rather than spending that just for the jacket.  Great value, and great quality, can't get much better than that!
B00CN5BRSE Great quality! Great Quality! It looks soooo cute on my daughter. I am very happy with my purchase. Size seems to be correct.
B00CN5BRSE EXCELLENT PRODUCT IT IS A VERY NICE SET.FABRIC'S QUALITY IS SUPERB AND IT FITS AS YOU WOULD EXPECT.COLORS ARE JUST LIKE IN THE PICTURE.
B00CN5BWTI Awesome It was my niece's favorite outfit that she received for her birthday.  It was good quality and a good price too!
B00CN5C0RQ Adorable better than picture Bought two of these for granddaughters for a purple stride walk. Great quality. Perfect color. would recommend. Colors better than picture
B00CQG7DRO Really nice set! It was a little big but my son will grow into it in no time. This set is good quality fabric and looks comfortable.
B00CWL2EWC AFC Great Fit,, Great Price, Comfortable, Great for the Winter for Cold, The Sole is good for Snow, Good Quality,Leather & Suede
B00CWL2EWC Super cool but I was looking for more of the wedge look. These just look like super cool hi tops. Very stylish and great quality, tho.
B00D00YQKW Looks good! This is a very good quality product...looks very good too. I got this for my husband and he is very happy with this...'I had never owned  this comfortable shoes, very nice'...this is what he said :).Its just little narrow in the front, so I would recommend to order 1/2 size bigger.
B00D4KBIG8 dont think twice and buy it... great fit, value and quality . your kid will look like a pro... mine loves it...would buy over and over again
B00D9M3CFQ great quality I ordered the T-shirt because I am member of the Scuderia Ferrari Club. The quality of the material and the tailoring is great and much better than what we usually get when we buy T-shirts in the States. The fit is perfect and my friends are buying it too.
B00DBDVDA4 Good quality socks Compared to other brands these socks are thicker and the quality is better. I'm completely happy with these socks. :)
B00DBDZF3A Good quality Can't go wrong with these for the price. Good quality too
B00DDE5VZY Nice Nice and as expected. My son  five and half year old was surprised and he wore out the first day and was very happy with it
B00DF7I6K6 Nice materials, nice feel This windbreaker fits as expected from merchandising holding de BMW brand. Quality of materials is excellent. I would recommend this product anytime.
B00DGQR2TM Great Quality I took a chance buying three sets (this one, blue and green)...and I am happy I did it.  This is dry-wick material...how cool is that for a 1-2 year old! Clothing made with this type of quality material always looks new no matter how many times you wash it.  Relatives and friends will be happy to take this off your hands when your tot grows out of it.
B00DKMWOW2 supee cute Great quality I bought the pants that match and they are same color I don't think they would fit a chunkier kid but for all the people who have skinner kids this is awesome
B00DLJWHIK bad quality !! i drop this I don't recommend this watch... after one week of use, this have scratches for everywhere.. ! bad quality for it be  PUMA
B00DNNS0XA Disapointed In the Quality and Possible Fakes I bought these shoes because I noticed the overall design quality of my Nike Air Darts appeared to be getting worse and worse with each successful pair (buying new ones every 6-7 months) and so I bought these.  The first thing I noticed upon opening the box were the colors. The stripe on the side was gray not white.  There were very noticeable glue marks (yes as in it looked like a 1st grader had made these in his class), the paint quality was terrible.  There was spots where you could tell they painted black originally then tried to paint over it with red while it was still wet, causing the colors to mix.  The black rubber used in the toe and heel area seems very similar to that black rubber that was use on McDonald's old play grounds. The stitching is pretty good.  They are somewhat comfy for being made for running period; they seem to lack cushioning for my foot.  The shoes feel like those toe shoes .If these are Pumas, I was quite surprised to not see their anti-counterfeit holographic tag.  I have seen many fakes and if these are real they are poor quality.  Overall I would recommend NOT buying these ever, especially if you pay $70 and are expecting quality shoes.This is my 2nd pair of Pumas.  My first pair were the Puma Ferrari's and those are extremely high quality 1000% what I think of when I consider the brand Puma.  If you desire quality shoes, then go with made in Vietnam, not China.  Finally, if you really need quality shoes go with what they sell at the MCX.
B00DNNS6ZM Four Stars Very good quality and fast shipping.
B00DNO0QRC Love My Old School Pumas I like old school shoes. So when I was looking for some new kicks and I saw these blue Pumas I had to have them. The shipping was fast and when I received them not only did they look as good as pictures but they fit great. I wore them for Fathers Day and all the youngster in my Family kept telling me how good they looked.Love my shoes thank you vey much!!!
B00DNO0QRC Beware size As mentioned by other customers, the sizing infor is not that accurate. The length of my shoes is about right, but somewhere around the toes the shoes aren't wide enough. Need to wear it a few weeks to make it fit. Anyway, the product seems great and in good quality.
B00DOE8S9O Five Stars Great quality and price.
B00DOEFG4Y Comfortable Great shoes for the money
B00DOEGVA2 comfortable, classic look looks great right out of the box. pretty comfortable except within the first couple days of use. i noticed a bit of my heel was starting to irritate after a while of walking. as soon as the shoes are broken in (week or so) i havent seen as issues at all.
B00DOG2KMS Good quality from puma These sandals fit true to size, are light weight and very comfortable. I like the adjustable strap  so I can make then fit snug on my feet.They are also very easy to clean, just give them a good wipe down and they are as good as new.I would recommend these to anyone who wants a good quality product for a great price.
B00DOG4R2Y good good
B00DOJOGTU Amazing design and confort The design of these shoes are really great. The build quality seems pretty nice as well as the confort.
B00DOPGFM0 Great quality, perfect weight I live in So. Cal. and this jacket is perfect for cool Fall days. My son loves it so that's the true testament to how comfortable and stylish it is.
B00DQNBPQQ Meets high standards of a 4 year old My 4 year old has a warm up suit obsession.  I have tried other brands and feel that the quality is far below Puma's.  We live in Minnesota and these are thin enough to wear in the summer on a cool night yet thick enough to wear in the fall and winter when temperatures plummet.  I can wash these  every day it they will not lose their brightness or quality.  They fit as to be expected.  My son is on the small side for a 4 year old, at only 37 inches and 35 lbs. and I ordered him a size 5.  It is a little big but not so much so that it looks that way, perfect for being able to wear for the next year or so.  I highly recommend all Puma track suits.
B00DQYYVAM perfect shoes for indoor soccer Very good indoor soccer shoes,not a great shoes for turf surface.Fits perfectly at 7.5great purchase for the price
B00DT5PLMK Perfect The shirt is very nice, very good quality, looks good to me. The print quality lettering looks a bit shoddy
B00DTZFZCQ cool shoes! Beautiful shoes, even more cool and fancy than I imagined. Great quality! Thank you very much!
B00DU0L7PE Five Stars good quality
B00DU0P368 Love!! Shoes fit perfectly with a little room to grow! Shoes have major sparkle, which my 4 year old daughter loves!
B00DU0P368 Nice shoes Great shoes.  7 fit is accurate.  She loves wearing.  Good quality for price.  They are very sparkley which does not really show in photos.
B00DU45V0W Five Stars Nice quality!
B00DUL8DJ6 puma tennis shoes it is good and good quality as i expected, they said the shoe has lights but it isn't. my daughter was disappointed.
B00DULV8Y8 grandsons shoes nice shoes for the money and you never have to tie laces, hes a little young to appreciate them but some day he will.
B00DULXWII Great shoes We have been buying pumas for my son for a few years now they are a great quality  shoe that lasts a long time. Would recommend for any busy little kid
B00DULXWII wa&ale This is a very good shoes for my boy.. We love this shos. They are very confortable and very good quality!!
B00DULXWII Great sneakers. My 8 year old son loves these shoes.  When we took them out of the box he said &#34;these are even better than I thought they would be&#34;.  He has worn them every day since and says that they are very comfortable.  I love that I don't have to worry about his laces being untied all the time.  We ordered another pair in a different color.
B00DULXWII they are ok good price. considering the price and the quality, I think they are fine. Not very very pleased but ok.I would recommend them as a daily use option.
B00DULXWII Happy Toddler My daughter loves her new shoes. Arrived within 3 days.
B00DULYICC puma kids athletic shoes My son loves this type of Puma shoes, he says they are light weight and makes him run faster :)
B00DULYICC cute! Love these shoes for my 4.5 year old. Easy to put on and take off, plus he likes the look of them.
B00DW2ME0W Good quality Looks good My son loves it and wears it all the time. Looks good too. It is durable and easy to wash. Doesn't fade.
B00DY77J28 poor quality? I have worn them only twice now and I have to get them repaired already - righ toe has to be glued back together. Never have had such an experience....:(
B00DY77J28 They are ok The shoe looks nice and good quality, however these are more like snow boots instead of sneakers. Great for the snow, but I live in TX and aside from the few weeks it gets cold here I won't get to wear these much.
B00DYXTPKQ awesome jacket! I ordered this for my 5 year old.  He's a tiny little thing, and this jacket fits him perfectly.  It's warm enough for winter, and it's very cute (sorry, handsome!).  Good quality, and good style!
B00DYXTPKQ Great deal Great jacket for a great price. My son isn't quite 3 yet so hoping this jacket will last through next winter as well. It's very good quality so have a good feeling it will.
B00DYXTPKQ Very nice.  Looks like great quality. Pretty blue outlines, Love me some Puma.  I kinda wish there were strings attached to hood to tighten it.  But, I am okay with that,  I love the coat on my little boy.  I bought this coat on Cyber Monday for a great price.
B00DYXTXJO Fits my son and great quality Really like the quality and it's is very warm for my five year old. Five stars and would order again!
B00DYY1P8A Satisfied THE Jacket fit my grandson just fine, and it is very stylish. The sweater seams to be of good quality also.
B00E0FZYT8 Perfect gift! This was purchased as a gift and I was concerned about quality.  There was no need to worry!  Great quality and fit was perfect as described.  Looks great on the future Olympian!
B00E6BQ1DO excelent excellent product, very good quality, exactly as seen in the picture so it is highly recommended 100% responsible.. kill me
B00EDHUOZM Choise and recomend!!! Excellent product... very nice....!!! the colours, texture, design... just it's better...!!! i recomend, for the persons whitch desire quality and confort
B00EDHUOZM Comfortable and light enough for indoor wear My teen son is the primary wearer of this hoodie, and he rarely takes it off!  This hoodie is his go-to choice for daily, classroom wear.  He loves it so much, he even washes on gentle cycle and line dries to keep the puma fresh!  (Did I mention he's a teen boy?!)The fit is snug enough to look good and loose enough to allow a t-shirt to be worn comfortably underneath.  If you need a bit of extra belly room, go one size larger as the trunk line cut of this hoodie is quite slim.Quality is notable in the stitching and overall materials used.  This was  a pricey purchase for us (at $25 ) when buying for a rapidly growing boy.  So far, no regrets.  He's happy with all aspects after 2 months of wear.
B00EDHUOZM Great Deal! Great price and quality product, it is a thin sweatshirt but worth the price. I am considering purchasing another one.
B00EDOMUYI Early Review These shoes fit well, are comfortable, and appear to be sturdier than their predecessor. When I bought these shoes a bit over a year ago, one of the shoes developed a hole over the big toe.  These shoes are better reinforced in this region, not just the canvas mesh of my first Puma Voltaics. The &#34;unattached&#34; tongue is a minor drawback in the newer shoes, but overall, I think these shoes are better built.  Time will tel....
B00EDOMUYI Great product!!! Good price, good quality and fit's perfect.
B00EDOMUYI Fits great and feels great! Purchased for everyday use, I love these shoes! Pumas are my favorite
B00EDOMUYI Nice Shoes The shoes seem to be of good quality. Very comfortable from the very start (no blisters in the first day). I lik'em!
B00EDOMUYI Look great and comfortable Husband loved them! True to size and color. Not sure about longevity as he just started wearing them but my sons had the child's version and they lasted through 2 rambunctious boys and still look pretty good and haven't fallen apart in any way.
B00EFTWTRY Nice tee I love it,fits OK,cat stamp quality is at it should bee
B00EP03RHE Cute but..... I bought these with the intension of getting some &#34;wear&#34; out of them but these already fit my 5 month old daughter (kinda chubby 16lbs). The quality was not as expected and does not have much stretch.
B00EP07NNS Use for 3-6 months My twins are 3 months one week and they have out grown their 3-6 months puma onesie. So I bought 6-9 months onesie for the to wear at 3 months until they are 6 months. Their 3-6 months onesie is to tight and a little to short but the material is comfy for them. They wore each onsie once and out grew them cause I didn't realise it was so small already. So I started buying and trying their puma onsies 3 months in advance.
B00EP07NNS The material is a very good quality. The only downside to this is that ... The product is exactly as shown in pic.. The material is a very good quality. The only downside to this is that it doesn't have much stretch and is very small fitting.. so you may not get much wear.
B00EPEMHQC SO DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT!!!!! We love puma pants for our 3.5 year old. The fit is always adorable and allow him to be active, comfortable, and stylish. That said, these pants were a HUGE disappointment.  The moment I pulled them out of the dryer after the FIRST WASH, I ran to my computer to stop anyone else from buying them! The instructions say &#34;tumble dry low&#34; but the fabric clearly cannot withstand a normal washing (clear to me only from the results of the washing, not because I would have known prior). These pants came out of the dryer COMPLETELY DESTROYED. I wish I could post a picture-The fabric has basically fallen apart-not the seams-the fabric itself has puckered, frayed, and become generally ratty. WHAT A WASTE. We unfortunately got the gray pair to match and I will now be having to pull those from the wash and hang them to dry. FOR A THREE YEAR OLD'S TRACK PANTS?! RIDICULOUS.
B00EPEPI68 Excellent Happy with this product very much.  Very good quality and really like the style, and so does my son, which isn't easy!
B00EPFT5TI Great quality and fit I bought it for my 10 years son and it fits perfect! Great product for the cost, I recommend it.
B00ETHZV2M nice nice looking and very comfortable shoes use them to walk on treadmill they work great for this they are a quality product
B00EUAEG24 Good quality, pants a little long I bought this for my nephew, and he was very pleased w/ the quality and colors (true to picture). The pants were a little long but fit him fine in the waist. Maybe he is just a shrimp. :-)
B00EUAFG5K Great quality and fitted as expected. My grandson loved the pants and T-shirt to wear with his Ferrari jacket.  The colors matched with his jacket. Very comfortable to wear!
B00F4IW2S6 Great quality!!! I was really surprised by the quality of the product, not what I expected. I fully recommended!! Thank you a lot.
B00F4IXYXS Great Quality - Very Cute! This Puma Italy outfit is so adorable and made with great quality. I am unsure of the fit as this was purchased for a newborn who should be able to wear it this summer. It looks pretty big but we shall see. Either way the gift was adorable and the parents loved it!
B00F4O07I2 Smart and cosy So hard to find a nice jacket for walking without the useless hood flapping on your shoulders. This is perfect for cooler days on the way to and from the gym and smart enough to wear casually. The fabric and finish are good quality.
B00F5UZUAA Five Stars Good quality, fits well and light fabric.
B00F5YOHVE Perfect! Love everything about this. The quality was even better than I expected, and my grandson loves hoodies! True to size even after laundering!
B00FAPUP4G Stylish, hip, and good quality The kids love this jacket and I don't see many others running around with it on. #exclusiveKept the kids warmLoved not seeing a boat load of people wearing them
B00FB64HLG Nice hoodie, quality and style you expect from puma Nice hoodie, bought as a gift and recipient was very happy with it. Fit and styling is excellent. Good quality
B00FB64HLG Good quanlity Good value for the money!  Good quality.But it is a pit that it is a little too big. I got to return it.
B00FEM0XQA Nice Tennis  Shoes.. Nice Tennis Shoes for the price....
B00FG5O0W8 Average track pant&#8230; These pants are nothing spectacular but functional just the same!  Of good quality and affordable.  Would purchase again in the future.
B00FJXN7OO Fit well and good-quality would recommend and would buy again Fit well and good-quality would recommend and would buy again. soft and durable.  What else is there to say really.
B00FLZXWOK great price considering it is a well known brand great price considering it is a well known brand.  it looks great and feels great on my 10 year old son.
B00FLZXWOK Lovely Very good quality, cheap, a great oportunity for a Puma shoes. They go well with jeans or a pair of corderoy pants. The color its perfect!
B00FMCASVM Great Quality and Great Price Eye catching colors, fabric is good. Good trusted brandGreat shirt at a great price. I am loving it. I am buy more colors very soon. thanks
B00FRK81HM Great, Durable Gym Pants! My son loves the pants, and the pants love him.  The quality fabric is durable and resilient!  This is a purchase I won't regret.
B00FRK81HM great pants They have pockets wich i like. The quality is very good and the fit is comfortable. I would recommend and would purchase again.
B00FRKC09W great quality Nice thick material.  I wish they had a reference chart for sizing. Turns out size L is around a youth 14.  My son likes them a lot.
B00FRL3ZUE Nice athletic Shorts Little long like soccer shorts.  Seems to be good quality and comfortable shorts. Puma makes better than average quality products i've discovered in the past year or so.
B00FRL3ZUE Awesome Shorts My 6 1/2 year old son absolutely loves these shorts, they fit great, look great, so he wants all the colors.  He is 48&#34; tall and they come down to his knees.
B00FRU9DBK Comfortable and nice looking It was purchase for my 9 years old boy they fit perfectly the quality it ok and the color as spected.
B00FSRGYFU Breathable polo I shop at academy for decent boys breathable or synthetic polo's. Price and quality is ideal here as I am buying more as the budget allows.  9 year old fit well in this medium for reference.
B00FSRPDSE Fun sport outfit We bought size 4t for our 3 1/2 year old and it fits perfect! She's 90% height and close to that weight... Great quality and cute colors. Seems to wash well and it's purple so my daughter likes it!  I would buy it again.
B00FSY32YE VERY NICE GOOD QUALITY. MY SON LIKED TO MUCH ,,, IT IS REALLY NICE
B00FVZDZ6A less weight and good i love the puma brand. and good done. i wish that my son can play football with it.very good clothing
B00FVZEJQK good purchase This fit perfectly a twelve month old who is bigger than average. It's a good quality outfit and plenty warm for a little boy in the winter months.
B00FVZGXBY Purchase Review Very pleased with the quality and the sizing is very accurate for the coming cooler seasons. I am also impressed with the s. peed of your delivery. Thanks very much for your service.
B00FVZI1TG It's ok I chose the rate because of the design and the quality. I'd recomend it to any child, boy or girls.
B00FVZIAN8 I love it If anyone is considering buying this Tracksuit for a special little boy, don't hesitate. The color, the quality, the style and the size are top quality. You won't be disappointed. And this is a genuine review by a genuine customer. Promise!
B00FW2AOVG Bought As A Gift I bought this as a gift and was told it was an exact fit. It was also of good quality. Thank you!
B00FW3Y8XK Boys love it Nice jacket for cooler evening. its not thick but very well made.All Ferrari Puma we bought was great quality.My boys really enjoy wearing it and cloth do well in a wash as well.
B00FW40KG8 Great Quility If it has a Ferrari Insignia on it you would expect quality.... and this held up to that standard. And it it looks great on my 2 year.
B00FW4N4VG Great pair of pants My son loves these pants!  They were a perfect weight for the chilly days we had on the east coast
B00FW69IKU Better than expected! I have not bought Puma for my son before. I thought it might run large but it's actually true to size.  The quality is very very nice, very soft cotton (you will not realize there is polyester in it) and the red is just as shown in the photo.  I would recommend this top for sure!! It's like Oshkosh tee quality!
B00FW6Q4SY Perfect for a 72 pound 9 year old
B00FW6RV5E pretty nice I only gave it 4 stars because the quality isnt the best but its the best for the price we paid. It was better than some of the shirts Ive seen at brick and mortars that were $70+. My son loves it and wants to play for the blue team.
B00FW6S6KI Pleasantly surprised We didn't want to spend a fortune on a jersey that might be ripped, stained, or too small in a few months. This one is really nice quality and a great price. I'd recommend this jersey for your growing kid!
B00FW6S6KI The kid loved it I would have given it 5 stars if it had 2014 Fifa World cup but other than that great quality and my kiddo loved it!!!
B00FW6S8GA Good Luck This after World Cup Fit true to size.  (Matching shorts run larger than stated.) Excellent quality.  My nine year old won't take it off for me to wash it.
B00FW6SA72 Fits nicely on my 9 yr old son Nice jersey!  My 9 year old son has enjoyed wearing it - it fits nicely and washes well.  Good purchase.
B00FW6U50C very good quality great for kids!! Fits well and very good quality and price was great allowed us to buy a couple nations for a reasonable price
B00GA65UR6 Five Stars love puma, so soft, fits great. top quality. i ordered more
B00GIS8KZA Great quality! It's little bit big for my 4 ... Great quality! It's little bit big for my 4 years old daughter but I order it to wear this and hope next year. Any way 5 is also once and light!
B00GOMDGHM Great Quality and Fit... These are really nice...Excellent quality...don't slip off ankle and down into shoe...Nice looking and I would definitely purchase these again.
B00GOMDIMU Great socks Great, comfy and do not slip down into my shoes which is great. Thick and good quality. Would buy again
B00GOMDKBO Very Happy With Purchase Socks were of excellent quality with knitted design on both sides (not printed on!) They don't get eaten at the heels by your running shoes.
B00GOMDKBO Cute but not worth the price I keep my toes nails short and manicure and after one washing I already have a hole.  I would pass on these cuties.
B00GV3GRJI Always a great fit. Quality is great and they wear a ... Been wearing Pumas for years. Always a great fit. Quality is great and they wear a long time.Very happy with them.
B00GV3GRJI Great shoes I was really pleased with the quality of these shoes. They look and feel great. I would purchase them again!
B00HFTL0DU Great shoes! My son plays soccer three to four time per week. Le loves these shoes and never complains for anything. He had used other brands before and these are wider better fit shoes.
B00HK7DTIQ All is ok Quality is good. waiting, when baby will have the same size to wear it. I like this combination of colors. really good.
B00HK7I9O0 a beautiful product This product fits perfectly on my daughter. The quality is really good, and the design is beautiful. My wife is happy because it can be worn even on winter. (I live in southamerica).
B00HSH99DW Decent quality for the money Not thick and cushiony, but won't fall apart first wash, either. My six year old boy/girl twins will both wear them and like them.
B00HSH9C4I High quality Does what we would expect from quality socks. No apparent large ads and fits comfortably over feet. Seem to be durable as well.
B00I6D977A i love this These socks are kills. They fit well and are of good quality. I recommend that you buy them if you want true value for your money.
B00IDFTLY0 love the designs the puma onesies fit 0-3 month but it does not stretch. Its very pretty and is good quality for baby.
B00IR93HCY Is an adorable outfit. Good quality and sized as stated Arrived quickly. Is an adorable outfit. Good quality and sized as stated. Good quality.
B00IU4PO72 These are great quality sports shoes but the pair I got had ... These are great quality sports shoes but the pair I got had the tightening line worn down just a Little. Other than this issue they fit fine and I use shoe trees on them to keep them from creasing!
B00JMCRPXW Good socks Good quality socks.  Correct fit.  No complaints.  They have not shrunk in the wash nor diminished in quality.  If I need more socks, I will purchase more of these.
B00JR7FC4Q my son loves it this tanks are very good for hot days, good quality, cotton, my son is almost 10 and large fits him well, we bought 2 of them
B00JRYGTPK good quality and price Good quality at a good price. I bought this for my son, but it's about half a size too large for him, so I have been wearing it!
