B0002MAPYC Puma Shirt Great Quality Product! Authentic and Great Colors! Shirt was larger than expected though. I ordered a Large and it was unnecessarily wide. I wish I would have knew or I would have ordered a Medium. So you might want to try a size smaller than you usually buy unless you are a wide person or have worn Puma Brand Shirts before. But it's definitely a nice shirt!
B000BX20TK Tee nice shirt, I guess it's retro because we wore shirts like this back in the early 80s.
B000EGP39I PUMA MENS RETRO RINGER TEE The shirt is true to the description, and is very comfortable.
B000FPMKQW Nice, but a little too warm for summer The material is a little too thick for summer. Otherwise it is a super nice t-shirt. Eastbay's shipping and handling price is ridiculously high.
B000IMY344 teeny-tiny Cute t-shirt, but insanely small sizes. Anorexically tiny. Don't order this unless you are super skinny.
B000IMY344 I love my shirt Thank you so much for my awesome shirt.  It's great....
B000K6T5NM Great stuff I love this shirt. Puma brand is the best. The materials and colors are just like i want it. It looks pretty good with jeans or shorts.
B000MMEYIK cheap shirt I washed it one time the white puma mark get darker and small white spot appears on the shirt.Do't buy this product. this is not original puma
B0013THN7A great shirt! Really nice looking shirt, great material, size is a little bit smaller than expected but still reasonable. Logo does not fade even after several washing cycles. nice shirt!
B0013THNAW cheap material, size too small This t-shirt is not at all what I expected for this price.I ordered an X-Large. It is, AT BEST, a medium.The material is a thin, cheap cotton.I would be scared to wash it. It will probably end up looking like a wash cloth.Don't waste your money!
B0013THNAW Excellent I love this PUMA shirt I L O V E I T S O M U C H . .
B0013THNAW faded color.... i only gave this two stars because the shirt didnt look that dark. looked like it was kind of faded. i was expecting this to look much darker and solid but looks a little faded.
B0013THNAW bad quality of service You have very bad servise. You send me another t-shirt and return it was difficult, expensive and impossible! And i recived this t-shirt very late
B0013THNAW puuuuuma Delicous shirt.  oooooooh what a great fit.  Delicous and outstanding service that came along with it.  Great looking out on the pitch I must say..  A great shirt at a wonderful price.
B0013THNAW Oversized I'm 6'-2&#34; tall and are 180lbs. With my shirts I always have to check size M or L to see which one fits best. I have several M-size Puma shirts. Therefor I ordered this shirt, without any hesitation, in size M. But somehow this shirt doesn't fit right. Way oversized.
B0013THNAW It's ok, but... I ordered this t-shirt because I like the Puma design,but when I received it the design was obviously crookedon the shirt. Other than that the shirt is fine.
B0013THNAW A regular shirt It's pretty, but i have used better T's from Puma. This one is like any other T, is not slim as it seems in the picture and not as soft and light as a Benetton T, but it's okay for casual use around the house or to go out on sundays
B0013THNAW Its sooooo big i don't like it seriously ! ..i don't recommnded this t-shirt guys ,, go away from this item ,, there is no any good quality and size good .
B0013THNAW Puma shirt The quality of the fabric is not what I was expecting but in general it is a nice shirt. Thank you.
B0013THNAW Nice t-shirt I ordered the black one and it fit fine (XL) and looks no different after a couple of washings. I would buy again.
B0013TL3KI OK but not slim cut like the model is wearing I thought this was a slim cut version but it turned out to be a normal casual t-shirt. I got the medium and it does not have a fitted size. I think the model is wearing a small. I'll keep the T-shirt for gym use.
B0013TL3KI Puma shirt fills the bill The shirt I purchased was stylish, comfortable and priced right. I would definitely recommend it to others.  The Puma shirt has a very nice look to it.
B0013TL3KI An ok shirt It's not a bad t-shirt but I felt the quality was a bit cheap and I've noticed with puma shirts, always buy one size smaller with puma they run pretty big most of the time.
B0013TL3KI puma Nice  i got some time ago blue puma them later on got this white t-shirt  snd for some reason i like better the blue one sits on me better but this nice  t shirt still just  white i get it  dirty easy.
B0013TL3KI Nice product I like this t-shirt is true the size , great qualityfit perfect and the material is good too , come on time
B001EIJJN6 Decent shirt Shirt fabric is really comfortable and color is true to the photo.  I bought a large but it's pretty big--more like an XL.
B001EIJJN6 Great shirt Fits well, and the cotton polyester blend is soft on your skin.  Wish they had more colors so I could buy more
B001EIJJN6 Great Shirt Bought this for my fiancee for his birthday to go with a whole Puma workout outfit. Its a great shirt, great quality, true to size. He loved it and I love how it looks on him.
B001EIJJN6 I like it... A little big in terms of sizing. I ordered a medium and have had to wash/dry it a few times to finally get it down to what I typically expect a "medium" to fit like. But other than that, I love the shirt! Very comfortable fabric that is nice for exercising/working out or even just wearing as an every day shirt if you wish... Great buy if you are obsessed with Puma like I am!!!
B001EIJJN6 Wear it all the time I love this shirt... I should've bought a million of them when I ordered this one, but I played it safe instead.  It's a thin fabric without being see-through.  Kind of silky texture to it too.
B001EIJJN6 Flashy shirt I get a lot of comments when I wear this shirt. I love the color of it and it fits great.
B001EIJJN6 Like it Product is comfortable, light and easy to wear. The only problem I have with the shirt is that it is longer and wider than I expected. I usually wear an XL shirt but by the looks of this one I would have been better off with a L.
B001NXBU34 Nicer than the photo Very cute shirt.  What you cannot see in the photo is that around the puma cat is glittery on the front of the shirt.  That makes all the difference to my daughter.  The more it sparkles the better.
B001RJEGEO unbelieveably comfy This shirt is so comfortable ... if it come back on sale, i will get some more ...
B00304RNZI Sizing is two sizes on the small side I was very disappointed to receive this shirt. I could tell just taking it out of the packaging that it was far too small. I ordered a 2X Large for my husband and the shirt size was barely a medium even though all the tags said 2X Large. The quality of the shirt was very good but completely useless considering the horrible size difference. I returned the item for refund and still have yet to see the credit back for it.
B00318DGJA This shirt rocks! I love this shirt! I bought it for my husband, and it looks great. The shirt has not faded after 10+ washes (in cold water), and the material is soft, quality material.
B00318DGRC Hot T-shirt on Guys I purchased this product for my husband and he LOVES this shirt.  The fabric, quality of the shirt, print detail, and fit are all excellent.  He actually ownes the gray and the green shirt.
B0034P3RD0 I liked it Nice shirt, you should buy it.  People like shirts with a cat on it.  I'll buy more shirts like this on in the future.
B0034PB9BM Just as the picture I'm starting to practice soccer, and this soccer training shirt was just what I wanted. It's just as you see it in the picture, and it's true to size.
B0034PB9BM nice looking exercise shirt I loved this shirt for the outside use, I did have to send back due to the sizing being a bit smaller than I like, but the product is nice looking and very soft.
B0036VN8Q8 Great shirt Since I wear for first time this shirt it feel very comfy, great design, and summer ready, One of my favorite now.
B0036VN9VM Perfect! This shirt is great.  Perfect fit, I'm 5'11", about 185 and I got the large.  Dries very quickly and very comfortable while working out.  I might have to find a few different colors.
B003AUHERO Beautiful! I am brazilian and not a football fanatic, but when the world cup approaches things change! Here, the streets are painted in yellow and green, we have flags hanging out our windows and so on...This year, I have decided to go a bit further in the cheering by buying some shirts from other countries which I hold dear! Italy being the country where my father's family is from, is one of them.As soon as I saw this t-shirt, I found it beautiful. I didn't want a plain team jersey and this one fit the purpose. The shirt is really as beautiful as the picture and more: the lines that make the stars are made by tiny numbers which represent the years Italy was World Champion.There was not one person I showed it to that didn't liked it as well. It was nicely conceived by Puma.One thing though: I suggest buying up a size as it is a tight kind of numbering. I also bought a shirt by Adidas, same size and it got bigger than the Puma.Loved it!!!
B003AUHEU6 Great-looking, comfortable Italian soccer shirt This shirt fits perfectly as the sizing chart indicated.  It also looks really good.  It did not shrink for me as another reviewer indicated.  I washed it in cold water and air dryed it.Brian
B003FZJWW4 Love them Great looking shoes, I like to wear then to work with a casual black or white shirt and diesel jeans.
B003ZW8EW6 Nice looking shirt I bought this shirt for my Dad for Christmas and he loved it! But the only draw back was after a few wears my Dad showed me that the bottom of the shirt would start to unravel. I thought Puma was supposed to be a good brand, not cheaply made. It didn't bother my Dad much becuase he loved the shirt but still, a shirt shouldn't do that!
B004DPKEJA good high quality shirt Another lightning deal instant gratification thang...but this worked out well.  High quality shirt, fits well, breathes well.  Definitely a winner and recommended.
B004DPKEJA Shirt is okay I bought this shirt for my husband.  It's a nice shirt and I love the look.  It just doesn't wash up well.  The collar is the problem.  I partially dry it and hang it, then work on the collar till is sits properly.  I would not buy another.
B004DPKEJA Perfect golf shirt . Really really very good shirts and perfect size and buy again and again, Thank you so much.The puma is my best brand.
B004DSTGWS PUMA DUCATI BADGE TEE 55595102 - M - GRAY Kind of an awkward fit, I normally wear Medium but the shirt didnt fit quite right, If you wear medium go with a Small. Other than that shirt looks pretty good.
B004FEDZJA Cute shirt! Geart for summer.  Sporty style and pink - just right for my 6 year old.  Fit seems true to size.  Arrived quickly.
B004FV5KWS Very nice Running Shirt! I love these Puma Running Shirts! They always fits perfect! They absorbe very good the sweat! Can highly recommend to every one!
B004GB1NIM Attractive Puma Shirt I like the styling of this Puma shirt but it runs a little smaller than other types of shirts like this.  Washes and wears well, just might not want to put it in the dryer.
B004IWRZP4 Great! I love this shirt- it's comfy, well-made, and the long length is great.  I wear it to the gym regularly.
B004IWRZTK pretty but very thin material I'm 5'8 and 150lbs and ordered a large and it fits well enough to be able to wear a tank top or a t-shirt underneath. It is very cute and the purple is a beautiful color but the material is quite thin. It's definitely not a sweatshirt but more like a hooded shirt so the title is accurate in calling it "lightweight". Very cute though but I only gave it 4 stars because I think it should have cost less for such thin material.
B004IWS0AS really cute i love this shirt and I love Puma but the shirt does come in on the small side. I would order it a size bigger and the shirt would be awesome!
B004MF8KW4 Fit my outfit Like the looks and the feel.  Our color theme was orange for our annual golf outing and these shoes matched my shirt and shorts perfectly.
B004MKMDJU Brazil Jersy This shirt was an excellent purchase, my son was really happy to receive it. Size was true to fit,material good quality and very comfortable. After first wash the Jersey maintained its vibrant color.
B004MMFR0U perforated shirt came in the bottom the shirt arrived at the expected time to Miami, now I get my family with everything they asked for and note when reviewing the shirt with a hole in the entire front.y ya habia hecho la calificacion del producto
B004O95B0W Great shirt This shirt has a nice square cut(at the shoulder area) too it. Very few shirts have this apperance. It looks great on me and just fits great.
B004OETZWM Neck is Huge Shirt feels great, neck sizing is way off. I ordered a medium and the neck is loose and looks way too big for the shirt size.
B004RL9ZEU ok A well made shirt but it runs big. Just be aware of this when you order one - get a size smaller.
B004S08HY4 nice colorful shirt my son loved the shirt, but he did not fit it long. the shirt fit a little small and would encourage maybe ordering a size larger.
B004UGP36G I love it This is a great shirt. I love it by its comfort and i love that color, it make me look like a teenager :)
B004V7HRCM Great quality shirt My kid loves Puma. I don't know why, he really got into it. It's fine with me, but I don't want him wearing the same shirt every day. Puma has lots of cool shirts, so it works out.  These shirts are great quality, very very soft, the color doesn't run at all, they don't shrink, and they fit great.  What else can you say?
B004V7I0AK KIDS PUMA shirt A great quality shirt that fit my 6 year old son perfect, no issues here.I would recommmed any PUMA prodcut
B004W44916 Perfect Golf Shirt This shirt was a gift for my fussy twenty year old golf obsessed son. He loves it. It could be rolled up in a ball and come out wrinkle free. He loves it. The size is perfect and the color just as stated! VIBRANT! It arrived as predicted and the mesh is nice and cool. He has the vibrant orange pants and puma vibrant orange cap, so this shirt completed the set. AS I said HE LOVES IT! The color would also look nice with black, khaki, navy blue and of course white. Thanks for a great product
B005257OAC Puma Performance White Tee (Long sleeve) My son loves this shirt.  He is a very active kid that usually enjoys short sleeves.  Did not get to hot in this shirt.  Surprised on well it cleaned up every time.  Really thought it would be ruined very quickly with my first grader, but material cleaned up much better then expected.
B005258G7M Good quality... This shirt is a good quaility shirt. It holds its color after multiple washes and has not faded. No complaint here...
B0052TSCOK WOW! I love this shirt a lot! The size fits perfectly and it is high quality. The price is definitely a steal since the original was $70, which is still worth it! I highly recommend it!
B0053VMIQU nice fashion shirt nice color shirt........  for fashion wear but if you were it more than 3 times firends and family will notice the bright color and will tell you to stop wearing it
B0053VMIQU Great shirt The color a few months later is still holding strong. red tends to fade and it hasn't. def wash by itself the first time it did bleed a little. low heat tumble dry or the puma logo will fuse together and will appear cracked when you separate it.
B0053VMIQU Nice Shirt Nice shirt.  Color is good and was not affected by the first wash.  The cat screen print cracked some after the first couple of dryings, but not a major issue.  Fit and comfort are good with no issues to report.
B0053VMIQU Puma shirt my husband was obsessed with PUMA & was wanting a shirt with it on it. I found this through a search on google. when he opened it up on Christmas, he was like a kid. Perfect fit & feel! Loved it!
B0053VMRR0 Great shirt for working out, traveling or just hanging out. I used this shirt while traveling in Europe this spring.  Easy to wash, fast drying and VERY hard to wrinkle!  After returning from vacation, it has become my go-to T-shirt for just about everything.
B0053VMRR0 very light I love this shirt. it is very light and very comfortable. Of course I don't work out though I use these shirts are pajamas.
B0053VMRR0 Puma shirt My grandson loves this shirt.  There's a silly thing going around called "pet the puma" and now he's being petted by all the girls!  The shirt is very nice and the shipping was quick.  Thanks.
B0053VMRR0 Good That's not my size, but the t shirt es good, and my father wanted it, no problem, thanks a lot.
B0053VMRR0 Fits well This shirt fits me well.  It also keeps me cool and dry, which is exactly why I bought it.  The price was good compared with similar shirts from other brands.
B0053VMRR0 thank you Thank you! my boyfriend loves this shirt, feels soft too! and it look really good on him as well lol
B0053VMRR0 Sizes large... ... as it's more like a large medium but I like it as I wear it as a casual shirt to go out and about versus a workout shirt.
B0058PE3FA great shirt for running Im a marathon runner and am picky about running gear, but this shirt is great for running in all weather, 10 degrees or 100 degrees.  Size medium fits perfect for me (6'1&#34; 180lb).  Even after 20 miles, the shirt feels dry. nothing on it rubs against me either.
B0058XF1V2 Fancy Casual Comfortable and light and still nice enough to wear with jeans and a nice shirt for a night out.
B00591YGN2 Cool Shirt, Poor Quality This shirt is super thin and horribly see-through. So much so that I had to return it. Too bad, it's a pretty cool shirt otherwise.
B00593G7L4 Ducati tshirt These run a little small. Even though my son is very fit I had to send the shirt back and reorder the next size up.  This company was great to work with and there was no extra charge for reshipping.  He loves the shirt.
B0059CFC4S Great thin lightweight workout running shirt This shirt is thinner than most other workout/running shirts I own which makes it great for those long hot sweaty runs and workouts but can make it a bit more revealing if you plan on wearing it just casually around town.
B0059H28TK Love this shirt! Nice thick, high-quality cotton shirt. Lovely feminine fit.  Absolutely love the design! I usually have trouble with shirts being too short on my long torso, but this was a perfect length.
B005ADOKS0 Very nice. My daughter loved this t-shirt, especially because the puma has a subtle glitter that makes it fancy. I know she will be wearing it a lot.
B005AQ464A Super cute and comfortable This sweatshirt is perfect to throw on over a t-shirt. It is casual but super cute. My boyfriend complimented me on how much he liked it the first day I wore it over a t-shirt and shorts..
B005C9YMTE Great light weight shirt. I just received this shirt and went for a run. It is very light weight. Also it breathes; oh it breathes so good. I am loving this tee.
B005DCR5IU Nice Shirt Really Its a nice shirt And a great sizei expected to sent to me a defferent size like too many places i order shirt from itbut its nice really
B005DCR5IU T-shirt When I received the shirt it was in great condition and was what I wanted. The only problem is that the neck area was to big which will require me to wear a white t-shirt underneath so it fits around my neck properly. The size is fine, but a little too short for my preferred taste. But it is still a proper shirt that I like.
B005DH3RGO Great The shirt fits nicely around the shoulders and arms for a guy with a broader upper body. Also, the shirt doesn't shrink much in the wash. Fully satisfied.
B005DHGJZK Just my style... The shirt fits well and I like its overall design. Whether you are fan of Puma or Ferrari or neither, I would recommend this shirt.
B005DHNO9O Love it! Great quality and the price on here was much better than the retail outlets. I love this shirt. It's well made and has survived multiple washes through the machine. I'm a happy camper. :-)
B005DHNO9O A must have ! Very excited about the 2012 collection. The 2013 is not that interesting. I've been to Austin for the F1 race but they didn't have it the, just the shirt. The T-shirt fits even better
B005DHVF4U Great product received fast I love this shirt & receive compliments every time I wear it!! I'm going to order the white & black one now! LOLThe fit is exact and I've washed it a few times now and it hasn't faded. Satisfied customer!!
B005DIRAFM Puma 100% Organic Cotton Tee I absolutely love this shirt, it fits great. Love the Puma logo on the front and small one on the neck/back area. It also has a tiny metal logo that hangs on the side, which is really cute but barely noticeable. This shirt is made from organic cotton which feels great! I love that Puma also uses 100% recycled polyester in some of their other products. Keep up the good work PUMA I don't mind paying a little extra for recycled polyester or organic cotton pants and shirts, make more!Puma Apparel Women's Large Logo TeePUMA Women's T7 Track JacketPUMA Women's T7 Track Pant
B005DITORY What I wanted The shirt Its well and the material is soft.  The v neck is a bit deeper then expected especially since I have 34c chest.  But it doesn't bother me.
B005LCE58A Small and simple It is the perfect gym bad. Shoes, shorts , shirt ,socks and room to spare.Light weight and durable.Great price also!
B005PZ7QFW GOOD QUALITY PUMA! I ordered this shirt for my grandson and he loves it. Fits true to size and the quality is very good.  I would recommend this shirt for any kid.
B005S6YHRS Puma design are quite elegant I like the shirt but the size runs quite smaller compared to Nike. But will definitely buy again a Ducati-Puma product.
B005ZJPAGA Great quality I got this shirt today and let me say that I am impressed with the quality of it. It was true to size (I bought a 4T), the colors are rich, and the shirt feels like it is made of very comfortable material. I am not disappointed! Thanks for a great buy!
B005ZJPCIG Beautiful Puma Tee Bought this Puma shirt for my grandson (age 4) who is starting to play soccer. I bought it with a matching Puma short. The shirt is very attractive and fits him perfectly. He looked like a professional out on the soccer field. My grandson, despite only being 4, loves PUMA apparel and this outfit really made him happy.
B005ZKBFSQ Impressed When ordering clothing on the web, I'm always a little bit worried about what I'm actually going to receive. When I opened these up I was immediately relieved. Vivid color and just the size I had hoped for. I give only 4 stars as their are some slight faults in the material where over time I can see string will start to come out. My son is 3, so I chose 4T and it's exactly what I had hoped for. It fits him now without looking extremely big and super goofy, all the while actually allowing for a years worth of use. I also bought the shirt that matches (black shirt with green puma design) and I am highly satisfied!
B0060GNXB6 pleased with quality i was very pleased with this item, the fit was perfect, quality was of the best, it laundered well, the pink piping around neck didn't run onto lighter fabric and most of all it was on sale on amazon.com. i would have paid quite a lot for it in store, i believe.  i cannot think of any flaw in this product. pattern on shirt remained the same after washing, there was absolutely no change in the item other than how a shirt looks when it is washed.
B006AJXW0A Perfect fit, and good quality - but people might think you are a Detroit Lions fan PUMA Tennis Polo shirtI normally wear a size Medium polo shirt, and the PUMA shirt fits perfectly at the arms, shoulder, and neck. It has extra room in the abdominal/waist area.The material is 70% cotton, 30% polyester so it feels a bit more comfortable against the skin although it won't wick away sweat as effectively as a 100% polyester weave or a poly/cotton mix that has more polyester. The colors aren't anything to write home about, although I bought the black polo with light blue accents and the thermal PUMA logo. Several co-workers asked if it was a Detroit Lions polo shirt and I explained it was PUMA in a futile attempt. I ended up just nodding to go along with the idea it was a Detroit Lions polo shirt.The styling/design is good, although I am not always a fan of PUMA's color schemes. This shirt could use more polyester than cotton, since it is a Tennis polo shirt. I am also not a fan of thermal logos because they tend to peel off after awhile. Embroidered logos would last longer.Overall: 4/5 stars, great fit, good quality and design, but a few people actually thought it was a Detroit Lions polo shirt.
B006QX9X80 Awesome Shirt! I came across this when i was purchasing some other things that had Brasil themes. The shirt is cool and i have been asked where i got it and alot of compliments on it! There are other countries you can choose from but seeing how I'm from Brasil it's a great way to show my colors with Puma!
B006QY49VA Great product Great product. High quality shirt with graphics. Will defiantly buy again. Makes me feel like I own an actually Ferrari.
B006QY5CPW a great shirt for a great team! i really like this shirt. it's comfortable. details are good. i'm not crazy about the buttons being rubber, but they're hard enough that it works.
B006QY5CPW It's OK The fabric is a very thin cotton. I was expecting a better quality for a PUMA polo shirt.Hope this helps
B006R0904O Puma t shirt Great looking t shirt bought it for a gift for Christmas for a grandson.  He will love it he loves anything that has Puma on it.
B006R6RU4K Runs Large The shirt is great.  I followed the Amazon clothing guideline and went with a medium for my six year old nephew.  The shirt is larger than expected and will be going to my eight year old nephew instead.
B006R6Z4MU Great I love this shirt my son looked stunning for his birthday!! Got a great brand and quality at a great price to!! Considering get the other color in black once they have his size!!
B006R7IMIW Great like all PUMA Great PUMA shirt. Just as it looks on the website. Run true to size. I will recommended it to anyone
B006ULQXD6 shirt is so soft and arrived very quickly This shirt is luciously soft to wear.  It arrived very quickly.  I typically wear a women's size 6, or a Small to Medium, with a bust 32E.  For this shirt, I picked Medium.  It fits as I wanted, not skin-tight, a little loose, but shows my shape.
B006ULQXD6 Great Shirt! All i get are rave reviews when I wear this! stylish, light enough for summer but not cheaply made. Great shirt, hope to have it in my stable of Ferrari gar for years to come!
B006VWLNWU great shirt Since Puma dropped the ducati line, better grab it while you still can. fits great with a slim fit to it.
B006VWLPLE XXL isn't as big as you would expect............Beautiful SHIRT The shirt is very nice.  If you are a small framed man and like a fitted shirt, this is the shirt for you.  i bought for my son and usually XXL gives him extra roominess but this shirt is fitted and reminds me of an under armor shirt.  It is a very nice shirt.  The logo on the front of the shirt has a pattern over it that seems really cool - like it would be reflective
B0070T85J2 Nice T-shirt A nice T-shirt ... comfortable, nice colors and perfect for working out. I bought a size large which is a bit small for a large, in my opinion. But I am happy with the product and would buy it again and recommend it.
B0071NXS12 order Good sturdy t shirt for kids its true to size would buy again havent washed it but it looks like it will wash well!!
B0075PPB48 Italian shirt This is a very nice shirt. Very happy with the quality.  I first bought one for a friend. When I saw how nice it was I bought two more. One for my son and one for myself. Very cool looking shirt.
B0077BZLB8 These are too cool. I'm just a t-shirt and jeans man, but for some reason the style of these shoes are different, but not flashy. Since they are green, I view it more flashy than any shoe I have. I tried them on and they fit perfectly.
B0079GN7PS awesome shirt it fits as it was shown. It looks great on my son and people compliment him on how good it looks.
B007CTSGNK Cute design... This shirt had a cute design but was too small for my daughter and had no stretch to it, so we ended up sending it back without ordering another one.
B007LWLZZ4 Quality T-Shirt Sometimes the quality of the shirt is very thin and you can tell corners were cut.  In this case that is not true.  The shirt fit as expected and the fabric was heavy and durable.  I am also pleased to have a shirt with a Monster on it, most Ducati shirts have the 1199 or Diavel.
B007P0T0XQ Didn't fit quite right. I had this type of shirt before and it was awesome, this one however did not meet the same standard.  The fit was off, the shoulders stuck out.  I would stay away from this seller or shirt style unless you are buying off of a rack somewhere and are able to see the quality.
B007P44GBI Disappointing Since this shirt has the PUMA brand I was eager to get this item to match my tracksuit. However, when I received it was disappointed to feel that the quality was not good.
B007P4M3BI cool T good fit, not faded liked the red stitching on the shirt, just looks better in hand then posted picture, overall good quality shirt
B007P4MT4Y Great product, well woth the money. It was a gift and he loved it. Great shirt and worth the money.  Fits perfectly, less expensive than in stores.
B007P5C2VS Not my fav top i don't get the front lose part ...it looks weird... The color is okay, i mean the shirt is comfy and all, but its not to be worn outside the gym .. not very flattering
B007P5FHHY Mercedes Benz Formula 1 Racing Tee If you are purchasing this item you are either a Puma fan, Mercedes Benz, and/or F1. Maybe all of the above.****White Tee-Shirt******PUMA for Mercedes Benz.I like F1 and I drive a Mercedes Benz. Puma always makes solid products so I did not think twice before purchasing this.The Tee Shirt quality is a bit better than your average Tee. The collar is really neat. It has a small but sharp design right at the center of the collar. I have never seen this on a Tee Shirt, maybe on a sports shirt, or soccer jersey.This is a shirt by PUMA for Mercedes Benz so it has both of their logs on it. It also advertises the official Mercedes Benz F1 sponsors.I did not buy the shirt because of my car or because I watch F1 steady, I bought it because it was a nice shirt.If you are reviewing to buy this item I am sure something about the T-Shirt interest you as it is.It is good quality. So far it has not lost any color or texture from being washed and it fits very well. I really like the physical collar design, I think you will to.Buy it.*****5 out 5*****
B007RYDSWE Boyfriend loves his Puma Gear Bought ths shirt and other shirts, sweatpants, and Puma shoes for my boyfriend for his birthday.  He's a devoted Nike wearer, but had to admit that the shirt was very comfortable and stylish (for a workout shirt). It fits true to size, as do the other Puma products I got him. Great price too!
B007UZ3LC2 I like it First of all I love the material. It is very very soft. Picture on the t-shirt also is great quality. I did not expect such a good outfit. I will definitely recommend it.
B007UZ3LC2 Cute This is a real cute outfit for the Summer. It is well made and has tons of details on the shirt from the great details on the shirt and the tie on the side is really cute.The shorts are more grape then purple.real pretty and a must have.
B007X0DKP2 Really cute shirt Really cute shirt but it didn't fit my daughter (wrong size) and it didn't have much stretch to it so I just sent it back without ordering another one.
B007X1BJVS Awesome shirt for the price!! I've been generally pleased with the prices of Puma apparel on Amazon and this shirt is no exception. My daughter loves it, and I save about $8 from what Puma.com was offering on the SAME shirt!!! It what you would expect in a shirt. The graphics look great, too.
B007X2OPC2 very cute short shirt when my daughter wears this short t-shirt, she looks so cute. she likes it too.when she walked like a fashion model, she askes,&#34;mom, i like this tshirt very much
B007X2OVL2 Really cute This shirt fit great. Very true to size and very durable. This shirt will last for a long time. It is made with really good fabric.
B0084CXICS great shirt Its nothing i dont like about this shirt pretty colors i love what it says i feel like that about my daughter feels like strong material and it will last thru washes!!!
B0084D5BRM super cute! This is super cute! My daughter has leggings and a little black ruffle skirt she wears with this shirt and we get compliments every time.
B0084D5BZY Perfect I really love this shirt - Colors stay bright, durable and eye catching.  My daughter wears it all the time!
B0085V0N80 nice shirt wrong color i like this shirt so i ordered 2.  1 black and 1 green. however i was sent 2 black shirts.  was someone sleeping when they looked i my order?
B0086FN9MW Excellent Boys Hoodie Sweat shirt My 9 year old son loves this one. The sweat shirt looks just like in the picture, arrived in time.
B008E5USMI Items Run Small Very cute shirt.  However, if runs very small so order a size up!  If you are a little busty, be careful.  This shirt is designed to fit a small waited individual.  I have a medium built it the medium was very border line for me.
B008F061QO Fits good Purchased the shirt for my husband and it fit perfect size length everything highly recommend you to purchase this item.
B008F061QO Nice Shirt Nice shirt, but fits tight.  All Puma stuff does.  But I had to have this awesome looking shirt.  Maybe after I drop 15 pounds, I will wear it.
B008F061QO very cool T-Shirt very cool T-ShirtT-Shirt gorgeous and beautiful shape, but had a great measured.But very cool T-ShirtThanks to all
B008F0J1VQ great T shirt Very we'll made product Is a great product as all PUMA are I will definitely shop again in the future.
B008F179O6 Great shirt This shirt is wonderful. It is a very thin dry weave that fits perfectly. The print is reflective so it is safe for evening jogs.
B008F179O6 Great look A great looking shirt, very comfy, and great for hot days... very cool shirt will worth the money! A plus
B008F179TG Really nice shirt for work out This shirt is really good, the material is not as thick as a normal shirt, so it provides nice sensation, although i would say it isn't a shirt that stretches a lot, so order according to your size.all in all a nice shirt, highly recommended.
B008FXBPZ8 Very good quality I love this little shirt on my son, he has a lot of Puma products and I will definately buy Puma product again. I received the package on time.
B008J0KI5K Splendor I bought this as a gift for my brother, he over loves this T Shirt, the material feels so nice on your skin. The cut and make of it is perfect. It fits really well and the design if nice.
B008J0KM3I Love Puma I was sad to have to return this shirt, is was so nice looking. But a bit too short for my husband. He is 6'1&#34;, the shirt shrinks up a little bit in length when washed & cool dryed. Just too short.
B008J0VIQS Puma is fantastic Great price for an f1 shirt!  Wear it out to F1 party's here in NYC.  Go Mercedes!  Lewis is da man!
B008J0VIQS Ok, just a ordinary T-Shirt The fabric is too thin (cotton). I was expecting a better quality for a PUMA product.I hope this helps.
B008J0VIQS Beware of iron When I ironed the shirt the black Mercedes Benz wording came off the shirt.  The other logos were not affected by the iron.  Needless to say, the shirt is ruin.
B008J0W0XS Nice shirt Bought this for my husband and he likes it alot. The only thing is that it needs to be ironed, especially the collar. And, with all BMW team shirts, order a size up as they run small!
B008J0W23G Very happy with this Puma tshirt This is a well made BMW t-shirt by Puma.  True fit size, very soft and comfortable, excellent quality on the logo work.  And, the price is just right.
B008J0W23G EXCELLENT BMW Motorsport Shirt!!!! Great shirt!! Super soft and sizing exactly as described. Great quality and PUMA, once again, does a great job with the quality of fabric they use to make this shirt. BMW Motorsport log great and really like the sleeve embroidered patch (BMW). Thanks PUMA and BMW Motorsport!!!!!
B008J0W23G Nice shirt Bought this for my husband and he likes it. It's not over the top like some team shirts can be. Don't forget with all there shirts to order a size up as they run small!
B008J0W5YM Great tshirt This is a nice t-shirt and it combines with my Puma Men's Drift Cat 4 the logo is quite small but still looks very nice
B008J0W7IQ well made The polo shirt arrived and was delighted at the material used.  Not cheap material and looks great.  This shirt is well made and would love to buy another shirt again for the future.
B008J3F0PA Nice shirt My daughter loves it and it is one of her favorite shirts. It has help up well under multiple washings.
B008JGM4X8 No problems ..really enjoy this shirt I love this Puma shirt. It is VERY comfortable to wear. It makes a great statement in the gym if you need to feel cool from all the yoga classes that you might take (like me)  or just throw on when I want to be comfortable . It washes well and doesn't shrink or fade much. I have it in the blue color. This shirt is true to fit but get one size larger . If you are looking to make a statement and be comfortable doing it...I say get this shirt!
B008K037J8 the cut on this shirt is not nice this t shirt is not cotton its like a spandex type material , but  the cut is terrible . the fabric is nice , but it looks big .
B008KI3HS6 It looks good this is a nice jogging shirt.  I like it because you don't need a jog bra with it, and it makes you look nice and thin.  If you are bigger than thin, or are bigger than a C in your upper body, I think this shirt might be too tight and uncomfortable.  Now for the three stars...  I rated it as such because, unaltered, it was too low in the, uh...upper body area.  It was easily fixed for me, though, as I can sew and simply cinched the shoulder straps and sewed them shorter, and it looks great now, and I am all covered.  But the average person might not want to go through such trouble.
B008KJ2ZFG Cute shirt I ordered this shirt for my 5 year old daughter. It fits very good and is really cute. It is true to size.
B008S6GGUQ This was exactly what it was described as! This shirt was a great Puma buy! I would recommend it, the color was good, no streaks like some black t-shirts can have, washed great, and did not shrink.
B008UR908S great service the shirt came looking exactly as it is advertised, the size was correct (LX) im 6 foot 1 about 225lbs with an athletic/ a little to lose build and the shirt fit very well. It arived on the earliest projected delivery date (which is always great). Shirt quality (fabric) is a 10 out of 10... what the pictures dont show (maybe they do and i missed it) is there is a small grey &#34;puma&#34; emblem on the side of the left sleve, which i thought was a nice touch.
B008UR99TI CUTE This shirt is very cute.  I know it's a men's shirt, but I got it to wear on casual days with some yoga or soccer pants.  At first it's hard for others to read that it says PUMA, but many people complimented me on it after they realized.  Ladies get a smaller size bc it runs a little big.
B008UR9BKK must have... Great comfy great brand t shirt fits well ima women who wares a large mens you would only need a small great design!!!! And you cant beat the price!!!!
B008UR9BKK This shirt looks nice and feels comfortable. Great quality was put into the making of this shirt. Looks and fits very nicely. I totally recommend this shirt to all men.
B008USM9V2 Daughter loves it! Bought shirt for my daughter she thinks it is a great shirt. Happy to make her happy. Great for the cooler months with the long sleeves.
B00985DY0Q Grey Puma Tee I really like the way the shirt fits its really comfy and the puma logo on it is pretty cool...I kind of wish it was a bit more fitted, but I'm still very happy with my purchase
B009A8FWQA Puma I love it. Its a good material, color, fit. I'm glad I bought this shirt and have worn it many times already.
B009KSDEYM My daughter call it her "cool shirt" My daughter loves this shirt and calls it her &#34;cool shirt&#34; because of the cut outs on the shoulders.  It's her favorite shirt and alway her first pick when deciding what she wants to wear.
B009LA8GFG to small love the shirt  just alittle to small for an xxl./ all the other brands i bought fit great for a xxl
B009LA8GFG great i think its a dri-fit shirt didnt say it was but it is and is soft i like it though so yeah its a dri fit shirt not regular T
B009LA8GFG xxl? Not Cotton This is the first time I bought a XXL shirt that is too small across the shoulders. The shirt not 100% organic cotton but 65% polyester. I have returned it.
B009LA8GFG PUMA Tee PUMA TEE Shirt - BLACK********************************There is not much to say about this product other than it is a Tee Shirt by Puma.It fits very nice, if you purchase the right size and the texture, the material of the Tee feels very comfortable on skin.I have purchased Puma products in the bast, shoes, tees, and shorts. As usual, great product for its price.Would purchase again.Buy it.*****5 out 5*****
B009LACZ30 Awesome Shirt Got the shirt really fast and quickly tried on for fit. I'm 5'7 and atheletic build of 185 lbs and fits great. I have a 31 waist so the mid section was very loose, arms were good and neck was perfect and didnt squeeze like some do. Awesome Shirt.
B009LACZ30 Good quality T-shirt. 15 year-old liked it for the old-school brand logo and design.Paid for it himself.  He is pleased with it.
B009LACZ30 Different Than Picture I must say, I'm getting a bit turned off Amazon for clothing products.  I'm starting to see that the quality is going downhill fast.  The t-shirt is quite flimsy quality.  We have a lot of PUMA t-shirts and none are this thin.This t-shirt is a lot more green than in the picture advertised.  More of a dark Teal than "Midnight Navy".Also, it's actually about three inches shorter than on the model in the picture.  My guy is 6'2 and I got an XL.  The t-shirt falls just barely below his jeans waistline.  If the shirt shrinks at all it's going to be a belly shirt!
B009LACZ30 Running small Got my regular size but it feels a little snug. But do like how the shirt feels. just scared of the shrinkage of when I wash it.
B009LACZ30 PUMA T-SHIRT A GREAT FIT & A GREAT LOOK.  MY CO WORK ER LIKED THE SHIRT. THE SHIRT FIT JUST RIGHT FOR ME. MY FELLOW WORK ER LIKED THE T-SHIRT THOUGHT IT WAS REAL COOL.. GREAT.
B009LACZ30 new shirt My son loves this shirt.  It has a soft feel and after several washes it is still as if it were new.
B009LAD1GU 2xl is really xl! The shirt ran a little small, and shrank considerably after one washing.
B009LAD1XI Fits fine Nice comfortable fit for a t shirt. The cotton is not cheap like other brands. Will continue to buy Puma gear.
B009LAD1XI Nice comfortable fit for a t shirt Very good quality as usual for Puma, fits perfect and is very comfortable to use. Probably buy the same in other design and color.
B009LAEDZS Very durable shirt. Shirt is soft and durable. The shirt is easy to wash.  You can wear this shirt anywhere. I reccomend it.
B009LAEDZS A little pricey Good product but a little on the pricey side. Would purchase more puma apparell. The red shirt fits very well.
B009LAW850 Why do I need to pay for return postage? The shirt was too small. I don't have a problem with the look and feel of the shirt. It was fine. My problem is with the seller. Why do I have to pay for return postage? This makes no sense. I paid $60 for the shirt. Now, I have to buy a shipping package and pay for shipping myself. This will make my return closer to $45 or $50. Terrible. Terrible. Terrible policy!!! Especially for clothing. Some things are a safe purchase on Amazon but clothing is one thing that should have a fair return policy. The second I tried the shirt on, I knew it didn't fit. Now, I have to pay for this?? So lame.
B009LAWG7U Ducati shirt The Ducati part is made up of motorcycle componants but looks like flowers from a distance. Shirt fit and feels great though!
B009LAWG7U Really Dissapointing The shirt looks nice, but based on previous reviews I picked up an XL. Here's the problem, it's an XXL sideways and about a medium in length. After one wash it barely goes past my waist, and yet it's wide enough to fit 1 3/4 of me. I'm 6'1 and 220 lbs, but this thing is designed for someone about 5'8 with a 44&#34; waist. If you can't try it on, first I'd say don't get it.
B009LAWG7U Awesome shirt If you love ducati this the shirt for you. My only complaint is that it shrunk after I washed it once
B009NGLO4I trash, dont waste your money I was so disappointed in the quality of this shirt that was ruined the first time I washed it. No where did it say that the shirt had to be hand washed and hung up to dry. The first time I washed it the emblem on the front of the shirt came right off and stuck together like a piece of duct tape which ripped when I tried to unfold it. My son loved the shirt and was really disappointed. I was just mad I wasted the money. In retropect, I should have returned the pieces for a refund, instead I just threw it away. Waste of money.
B009SSFZKU Buyer Beware: NO Evidence it is Organic Cotton Buyer Beware: There is no evidence this shirt is made with Organic Cotton. The Labels on the shirt just says cotton, not Organic cotton and has no certification of the organic cotton used. It seems like a regular cotton shirt.I will not return it because it is still stylish, but chances are I will not buy again.
B009WPDWLS Would buy again great t-shirt. son loves to wear  it. not to thick and pleasant to wear.I would defintly buy this one again.
B009WPII3K Nice soccer shirt My son loves soccer.  He got this in a medium and he is 10 years old and it fits well.
B009XFYR0C Nice quality This shirt is really nice quality and fits great. My son is five years old (46 inches tall, 43 pounds) and we ordered a size 6.  The only complaint I have is that the tag was stuck to the puma on the front when we received the shirt; therefore, a small piece peeled off. Not a fault in the shirt - but it was worth noting.  I am hoping it holds up through washings.
B009XFYR0C Good quality I love the cloth and texture of the shirt, fits my son perfectly. The shirt is flowy and good for sporty kids. helps cools off quick. Very good quality
B009XFYR0C thin shirt This has to be one of the thinnest shirts made. That could be ok if it was a darker  color but would not buy again
B009XFYTCS Puma I love this shirt. I bought it for my son for the hot months of summer. It worked exactly how I planned.
B009XFYTCS nice looking shirt My 7 year old loves it. He says his body can breath in it. He's to funny : ) Very stylish too
B009XFYTCS HAPPY I ordered this shirt for my nephew, And I like it so much, I can't wait till I see him wearing this shirt :)
B009XFYTCS My son's love this shirt Great material/color and the fit was good/ I will definitely order more colors in this shirt and other products from Puma
B009XG1GM8 Good! This T shirt is good.Much better than the fully synthetic ones.Size is good 4t fits for the weight of around 18Kgs!
B00A3UEX96 great shirt This shirt is very comfortable, the only reason it didnt get 5 stars is because the v neck is really big. Other than that I absolutely love it and have it in 3 colors.
B00A6XPHEK The color is completely off There are white plastic on back.THIS SHIRT IS PURPLE
B00AAIOYDG very bright!! My daughter like the jacket but it did run a little small. She could wear it but it was a little snug when she wore a heavy shirt with it.
B00AAJDBM0 way too small Puma clothes run very small...beware.  Otherwise it's a cute shirt.  It does have a see-through issue...good with another shirt underneath...or sports bras.  The little tie on the side is also a bit itchy and awkward according to my 11 year old picky child.
B00AAJF8TE Great product Great shirt and it was exactly what I wanted except it was even brighter than what is shown and I appreciated that...
B00AAMERWA a great find this  shirt  was  a match up  with  pants  I bought earlier .. they match up great.  Nice to know the  shade  of shirt and pants  stay  the same . My son is  proud of  his  Puma's
B00AAMF6Z2 Half-priced compared to trackside I was down at the US Grand Prix in Austin. A Ferrari t-shirt was $50...this shirt off Amazon was much better quality, and cheaper.
B00AANIDQ0 Cute! It runs a little small in its sizing but it is a good quality t-shirt. The colors are same as the picture.
B00AANIDQ0 very Cute Nice looking. Comfortable. Cool adorable little boys shirt. Very stylish and current. Fits perfectly. I would reccomend this item for sure.
B00AANIDQ0 comfortable Super soft cotton. My 3 year old loves this shirt. It is true to size and fits well. Holds up well being washed a dried a lot.
B00AAZOX0I Grandson Loves Puma Logo My 8 year old grandson is transitioning from size 7X to size 8.  This size 8 T shirt fits him perfectly.  He wanted a Puma shirt with logo and loves this one.
B00AAZPHDU Love this shirt My son looks great with it on!! I will buy another in a different color. Happy with the shirt & will buy another soon.
B00AAZPLOK Nice t-shirt My son loves this shirt.  The fabric is soft, the fit is great (not too loose or too tight), it washes well, and the neon really pops.
B00AAZPLOK Nice PUma shirt Fits well and looks good, OK material and cut as well. Good color contrast and shades as well. I recommend it.
B00AAZPLOK love puma i got this for my 10 year old son for Christmas.. He really like this shirt, thank you A rating :)
B00AB0HOV2 Great Shirt for a good price Well made, great looking shirt. My son who is a soccer fan loves this shirt, the logos and printing is done well.  It fits right.  The material is breathable. Overall an excellent purchase for a young soccer fan!
B00AEUPXU8 Cute It is just as described and therefore just as expected.  It's a cute little shirt at a nice little price.
B00AEUQEBU GREAT SHIRT Shirt was very nice and fit as expected. The shirt seems to be made well and material is comfortable to wear.
B00AEYRXUM Perfect fit I bought this for my son.  It fit as sized.  He loved the colours. It was just as seen on the photo and mathched his shirt very well.
B00AKDLEKC A little disappointing This shirt runs a little small especially if your lager in the chest. Also you can see the liner for the print through the shirt. This has become an at home only shirt for me.
B00AKDLPXS Nice! This shirt was slightly smaller than what I had expected it to be, however is exactly what I was looking for in a shirt and wear it out a lot when I go running.  Thin material, breathes great.  I love it!
B00AKDMKIC Puma shirt Great quality! Love it! I was very happy and ordered two more of them. May even order more of them.
B00AKEGXL6 cute This shirt is really cue. I bought it for my 5 year old daughter when she starts school. It is true to size and looks exactly like the picture!
B00AKQH8CC Not 100% Cotton. I was looking for more 100% cotton Puma V-neck T-shirts and couldn't find any more at my local stores.  I felt lucky that I found this in my size on Amazon.  As of the date of this review the description says 100% cotton.  It is not.  The tag on the shirt says Shell - 75% cotton, 25% viscose; Rib - 70% cotton, 25% viscose, 5% Elastane.  This is not a deal breaker but it is not what I wanted and not what was advertised.I just received the shirt and the size (medium) fits well pre 1st wash.  Unlike my other 100% cotton Puma V-necks, this has some elasticity to it.Overall I am not unhappy with the shirt, although I wish  it were 100% cotton.  I am giving it 4 of 5 stars due to inaccurate description of the product.  Otherwise, it shipped right away, I received it in 2 days, and it was packed by itself in a cardboard box which was more protection than I thought necessary. But, that's better than less protection.
B00AKQHCHI Five Stars Very nice shirt. Fits my husband well! He is tall so XL was long enough.
B00AKQHPGG nice shirt! I love this shirt.  its light and fresh and the size is precise! And you really get what you paid for
B00AKSPJVM I love cat shirts. I wear a large size fit. Cotton shirts are extremely comfortable to wear. I would recommend this shirt to my friends.
B00AKSPJVM Loved it but had to return it Very nice fabric, but it is a bit short in length. I bought XLarge for my 6'1&#34; husband, it iswas approx 1 1/2&#34; shorter compared to lets say Gildan 50/50% cotton. With this shirt being 100% cotton, you know it would shrink a bit more. It was a very nice shirt, but didn't want to chance any shrinkage.
B00AKSRDE8 fitted shirt... should have realized it is a bit narrow (fitted), was thinking it would be a normal polo, but the large &#34;DUCATI&#34; on the back is a little overkill.  nice quality though.
B00ALS5DUI Awesome Shirt for Fans of the Mercedes-AMG Formula One Team Before heading to the Brazil Formula One GP, I wanted a shirt that would help express my support for both the Mercedes AMG F1 team, and for Lewis Hamilton.The shirt fits well (not too snug, not too loose; L size on a 170 lbs, 5' 11'' body), the material is durable and comfortable, and the text did not fade after 5 washes.A great buy for all F1/Mercedes/Lewis Hamilton fans!
B00ALS5FCY Pretty cool shirt... I feel like I'm part of the race team with this shirt on.  Not!It's just a shirt.  But I like it.  Could have been a little softer fabric.  Happy Wearing.
B00ALS5IM6 This is a great shirt! The shirt is really cool.  The material and the way the Puma is placed on the shirt is totally awesome!
B00ANJ2HH2 Great shirt The quality was great and it is a great fit the size that I ordered fit like it was supposed to
B00ANJVSUY CUTE VERY CUTE SHIRT BOUGHT FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD AND SHE LOVES IT. THE FIT WAS TO EXACT SIZE .
B00AQ1HX1C awesome shirt This shirt fits nicely and didn't shrink at all when washed. It is of good quality and i like the simple design.
B00AQ1HX1C Great workout shirt I'm only 5'5&#34; and a medium is perfect for me, this might be a little small for someone who is of average height.
B00AQ1HX1C super shirt! Super nice shirt!!! Feels incredible!!! Looks and fits like a champ! Happy customer! Will definitely be buying more of these awesome feeling t shirts. Shipping was fast. Just what i expected and more!!! Thanks, Lance.
B00AQ1HX1C Very good Very good shirt fit as expected and well done product
B00AQ1HX1C Awesome Shirt The shirt is really comfortable and is really high quality. I'd recommend it to anybody looking for a nice t-shirt.
B00AQ1HX1C Nice Shirt This is a nice shirt. It didn't shrink at all when i washed it. I listened to another reviewer and ordered a size up. I would say it's true to size though.
B00AQ1HX1C OK shirt for the price but already came apart at seem OK shirt for the price but already came apart at seem.  Print quality is fine but when removing the tag from the seem it tore apart the stitching now I have a shirt with a big whole in it.  Gonna have to break out the sewing kit or spend $20 to have the cleaners repair it for me.  Just be extra careful vwhen removing the tag
B00AWXMN6O Quality t-shirt, I would buy again. Good quality t-shirt. Fit is correct not much more to say than its a good t-shirt. Try to get it for under $15 and you got yourself a great deal. I purchased it from amazon & shipped prime.
B00AWXMN6O excellent  quality puma shirt as always very good quality but the size was too small for me,i have given that one to my son .I will order a large size soon .
B00AWXMN6O Your Average shirt, but I like it. I bought this because I really like the PUMA products. I have purchased shocks and briefs that are very good.  This is a everyday T-shirt with the PUMA label.  I was satisfied with the purchase, it met my expectations for the price.  It does shrink a little and it is about a size small, I normally wear a XL to fit my shoulders, but I am glad that I ordered an XXL on this.  After washing it was a perfect fit.  I plan to buy another in a different color to add to this one.
B00AWXMN6O strange size I love the shirt ,but I had to return and get a larger size. Its the only XL in my closet
B00AWXMN6O Puma The t-shirt is not bad, an ok quality...the size is fine, it doesn't look as in the picture but ok
B00AWXMN6O Nice quality My son wears this shirt at least once every 5 days, it washes up nice and ad no problems with shrinking or the shirt fading with washing all the time .
B00AWXMN6O I love it good looking shirt
B00AWYU432 Different from what was pictured This picture shows a Ferrari Shield on the shirt but the shirt I received was just plain white with a puma on the shoulder. Very disappointed!!!!
B00AWYU432 I am thin and this was smaller than expected Awesome shirt I am a huge fan of the Ferrari brand, I was hoping for a slightly larger shirt as I ordered a large. I am quite thin and I can't imagine a large person would find this shirt to be comfortable. I am tall and thin I would recommend an xl for my stature profile, and a larger size for anyone 6&#34; and up. If you are bigger than me get an xl or an xxl. The best way I can describe this shirt is that is European fit. So Americans go for 2-3 sizes bigger than your normal size.
B00AWYU432 Nice shirt, but 75% of the cost must be the name I was looking for a slim-fit or trim-fit Ferrari t-shirt and came across this one. I ordered a red one (of course). This shirt looks and fits great. The logo/pattern on the front is a sort of rubber material. Time will tell how it holds up. My only complaint about the shirt is the cost. It's basically a ten-dollar-tee with a rubberized logo on the front, and I can only assume the vast majority of the price is going to Ferrari for use of the name.
B00AWZOE9G love this shirt The shirt speaks for itself: swanky, comfortable and ego-boosting!  The quality of the shirt is great and is a must-have for any Beamer fans.
B00AZE94GW Coolio I felt like an advanced species of leopard while wearing this shirt. Whoever said the lion was king of the jungle didn't know that leopards could look this good! Chicks were digging this shirt all night and the best part is the shirt has a pocket to put all the numbers I got!
B00B1OWSRC Great shirt! I bought this shirt for my son and it is adorable! Superior quality and it arrived earlier than expected. I recommend this product!
B00B1OWSRC Great quality shirt! I bought this for my son who is 4 and 1/2 and tall for his age the size 6 fit him perfectly a touch big he will easily wear this for a year! The quality is really good and the shirt is very cool for a sports shirt, I usually buy him fun and quirky/cool clothes but he needed a sports shirt and this fit the bill perfectly, the color is Great too.
B00B1OWXOA Good shirt The t-shirt is just fine and well priced for being a name brand. No complaints about the product at all.
B00B1POG1M Bad investment! I am usually easy to please but this shirt was not worth the money.  It was much smaller then size 7, more like a 5. The material is thin and kind of clingy.  I would send it back but hate to go to the trouble. I have another child that it will fit so will just keep and give it to him.  Do not recommend this product.
B00B2JJUZ4 Good summer shirt The shirt is great for hot weather: it is very breathable & has ventilation sections under the arms. It's just as I hoped for.
B00B4WIXLQ Comfortable Wear. I like this wear shirt. It very comfortable and awesome design. People give me compliments on the sweat shirt and design.
B00B71BRBM This shirt is great! So many jokes....a puma shirt with a puma on the front! Fit is good, genuine puma crap. I'm all over it.
B00B9P7YUE Nice It's a very cute shirt, looks and feels as expected. It is a better quality fabric as you would expect from Puma, and it runs pretty true to size, if you like a more fitted look I'd go down one though.
B00B9QGDKU Good shirt My nephew liked this shirt.  It is a cool graphic, and was constructed well.  We hope he likes it as much as we did!
B00B9QGE54 Fits Great! Love the nice feel of this shirt, and my son likes how it looks on him. I plan to buy more in the future. Thanks!
B00B9QGEU4 Practic t-shirt A good product. I can say that a t-shirt for my teenage son, is a garment that can not miss in the closet of any teenager uses it for everything.
B00BBATXSS Ginel Nice outfit, sporty, good quality, pants a bit too short for lenght of t-shirt, vibrant colour and fits my 9 year old
B00BCI9BPE Great A Great shirt for my 9 year old niece. She loves it and its comfortable and she wears it often.
B00BEEJBC4 Son's favorite shirt Even though this is a summer / exercise shirt, my son is wearing it year round with a long sleeved tee under it.  Colors are bright and no fading in the washer.  The fabric is thin but durable.  Almost a mesh fabric but not see through.  The puma is raised and a little puffy - seems to be standing up well to washing and wearing.  Great shirt!
B00BEEKP74 My grandson loves it! Good quality good fit nice color and will last  long time. You won't be disappointed with this t shirt. V.
B00BEEKP74 Perfect Perfect fit and material is soft for my toddler.  This was much cheaper here versus the puma site.  Love the shirt
B00BEEKPTC nice Can't complain at this price.  Good looking shirt.  It's a gift, so I can't comment on comfort, but it looks nice.
B00BK2A1Y2 Very cute! Cute shirt, fits true to size and material washes up well. My daughter says it feels comfortable. I will buy more if I can find a good deal.
B00BR2RVTI Puma's Best T-shirt This is without a doubt the best designed t-shirt that Puma has ever made. Completely a different but awesome detail and unique. I get positive looks and the fit is perfect.
B00BUV0XG4 LOVED IT! Would recommend this purchase to others!  My son loves his tee shirt fits perfect and is well made not cheap looking.Esmeralda
B00BYPJPBU Real cute! Purchased this tank for my 2 year old son and he looks adorable in it!  Very happy with the material.  I'm giving this 4 stars for now coz I haven't seen how the shirt reacts to multiple washings.  But so far, so good!
B00C7HG4P4 Cool Shirt! I bought this shirt for my seven year old son who appreciates fine sports cars. It's nicer than most t-shirts, but still perfect for running around on the school yard in. I wash it in cold water and air dry and the shirt looks just a cool as the day it arrived.
B00C7JZXAY love it the green wasn't as bright as we thought so that made me very happy, great shirt , my kid will love it for sure.
B00C7L1YMS Too Small The shirt wasn't a euro cut, or slim fit shirt..It's a size small and doesn't fit my slim 6 year old daugter. TOO SMALL
B00C7OEL4I Very Cute Everyone who sees my daughter in this shirt talks about how cute the shirt is.  I lvoe the bright colors and would buy again!
B00C7OEL4I Good fit I love this shirt!! My daughter wears this shirt all the time. It's easy to clean and doesn't shrink! I've washed it 10+times and it has maintained its color.
B00C7OEL4I puma girls shirt cute shirt. fits right fir the size. soft material and a cute print. puma is a great brand and i am sure it will hold up pretty well.
B00C7OEL4I cute shirt I would recommed this shirt to all little girls. It fits well and is true to size. It is very cute and didn&#34;t shrink when I washed it.
B00C7OJMBU cute Very durable shirt. I have washed it 3 times and still fits and looks the same as new. love it
B00C7OJMBU Great value! I purchase this T-shirt for my 41/2 year old daughter and loved! Fit perfect and price is good. Highly recommend it  :)
B00C7OJMBU Great shirt The shirt fits more like a 2T. I got the blue pants and they look adorable together. Buy this shirt!
B00C7OJMBU Cool shirt Nice everyday shirt. Liked the design and fit.I intentionally gotten the bigger size 3T and I'm glad I did.My daughter is turning 2 but this fits her comfortably just longer sleeve but not an issue.
B00C7OJMBU Love it. I bought this for my 3yo daughter. This shirt may last her a while (she grows kind of fast). The material and color is great. Great for a little cooler weather.
B00C7OJMBU cute shirt We have had this shirt for about 2 months. It fits well and comfortable. Nice shape and did not seem to shrink when washed.Compared to other shirts it type, it is better. Most long sleeve shirts fit the first time then the sleeves are to short or come up to far on stomach when washed. This shirt more than meet my expectations.Would highly recommened to others.
B00C9IYCWI Great top Really cute and fits well. The colors look good and the fit is flattering. I definitely would recommend this shirt.
B00CJA3BEG None My son really was looking forward to this t shirt. It's was the right size but for some reason I was a size to small.
B00CJRPNRW So  good I didn't find fit  her  yet. But  this  t  shirt is  good  for  her. It  looks  good.  I want to  buy  more  like this.
B00CMODF2C GORGEOUS!!! I Love how this shirt looks on my toddler, the price was perfect, also got here very fast, and it fit her beautiful..i will buy again from This seller, and i totally recommend this!
B00CQG7EBO You get what you pay for... This is very cheap Puma. The fabric is extremely thin, and the yellow on the orange shirt is neon. I guess I should have expected this for what I paid.
B00CQG7G1M T-SHIRT IS GOOD PANTS FLIMSY I BOUGHT SET MAINLY FOR T-SHIRT,AS PRICE WAS GOOD. PANTS ARE TO THIN AND FLIMSY. BUT TOP IS VERY GOOD.
B00CUHK3IU Thin shirt Shirt was a bit thin but ok.  was expecting a thicker - normal cotton.Bright white and the logo was nicely displayed,  My nephew like it.  I thought a little pricey for a thin shirt.  Could have bouhgt better quality for same price at dept store
B00D9M3CFQ Nice I really like this shirt, fits great, the design is also very nice, puma and ferrari great partnership. Puma keep making nice stuff.
B00D9OZS88 Love at First Kick Shirt I bought this shirt for my 11-yr old daughter and she loves it.  Great quality, nice fit, and very cute.  It has been washed several times and still looks practically new.  I would definitely recommend this shirt for a girl who loves soccer.
B00DKMWLF2 SO CUTE WITH MY GRANDDAUGHTER'S SKINNY JEANS I bought this shirt for my 7 year old granddaughter. She loves it! The quality is good, the sizing is true to size and it doesn't shrink after washing.  I would recommend this shirt to anyone who has kids.
B00DNU1PTO Puma - Kids Boys 8-20 My nephew loved the shirt. It was a Christmas gift. The shirt fit fine and I bought a pair of Puma pants to match
B00DOPR6GY happy son sometimes is dificult to find this range of size never know if it is too shirt or too wide.. just perfect for a perfect teenager
B00DQNSIT8 Great buy!!! Love the color, the feel and the fit this is an idea shirt for school.  Will buy this brand again.
B00DR2G55C cheap very cheap feeling shirt. very surprised since puma is a global athletic brand. feels like a wal mart shirt with the puma logo on it. very disappointed. love their old school shoes though.not recommended.
B00DRIZGA6 Leaping Puma t-shirt This is a good looking stylish Puma logo t-shirt, with the cat leaping across the shirt above not-too-gigantic lettering.  It comes in so many nice color combos it was hard deciding on just one, but I thought the medium grey with black cat was really sharp looking for my husband.  Nice cool cotton blend (78% cotton, 22% poly) in medium weight for summer.
B00DRIZGA6 Five Stars My husband loves PUMA too much and he enjoyes the T-Shirt
B00DRIZGA6 stained I ordered 2 shirts the other was t sent due to quality standards which is good. The shirt was on the small size but it had stains on the I wash them out but it was supposed to be new. I spend hundreds of dollars on amazon this really upsets me maybe I should start shopping elsewhere........
B00DRJIFBC Love the shirt Easily became my favorite shirt. Im female and went with a large in case it shrinks. But i love this purchase.
B00DROS346 Great t-shirt Great t-shirt, excelent quality as expected. Fits great and color is awesome, not just a regular t-shirt at a very good price.
B00DROSSXW Five Stars This is truly a great tee-shirt! Made from a heavy cotton that fits just so!
B00DS5M40I Nice shirt Fits just like I expected. My daughter loves the shirt and wears it a lot. Puma fits smaller than other brands so I had ordered a larger size than I normally do.
B00DS5M40I Kali This shirt gives a very flattering look to my daughter.  She wears a size 5/6 good but a 7/8 is ok mb somewhat loose. HOwever, this shirt runs small.  So if you want a loose 5/6 buy 7/8.  The colors on this shirt work so nice together.I would totally recommend this shirt but remember to buy a size up.
B00DS5M40I These Puma shirts are so cute My daughter enjoys this shirt. The material quality is as it should be. The style with these long sleeves looks great. Also bright colors fun.
B00DS5M8FO nice shirt, but sizing is small very nice, pretty shirt.  Bought x-large for our 12 year old, but it fits our 8 year old better...would be a 5 star if not for being way off in size.
B00DT5PLMK Fit and appeance Great looking shirt. Light and comfortable. The best price online. Might purchase another one in a different color. Forzza Italia.
B00DT5PLMK Good looking shirt Shirt looks good.  Good quality.  Arrived just before World Cup.  Arrived in good condition.  Shirt fits as expected.  Lightweight.  Go Italy!
B00EFTWWFI Pretty Great I bought this shirt as a gift for my husband.  He wears a medium in Puma, it's true to size.  The color is very nice and hasn't washed out thus far.  The graphics are great too and have yet to crack or peel.
B00EPEPFTI Nice shirt. Couldn't beat the price.  My son loved the shirt and it matched the puma ferrari shorts I bought him also.
B00EQ2EKYK T-Shirt Great Material but it was just too SmallI had to give it awaySizing was terriable which was really not my falt
B00ETI0GFI Puma El Seevo Classic Sneaker Dark Shadow This Puma shoe is a great companion for a casual outfit. Being a low profile sneaker opt to wearing this with jeans and a polo shirt or a tee shirt. The shoe runs true to size and rather comfortable. Just wish it came in more colors though for more options.
B00F5UZQ0Y Puma - Kids 8-20 Very pleased with this product. My nephew loved it.Also, bought him puma pants to match the shirt for Christmas.
B00F5YOPW0 Great shirt, great price! I got this for my grandson and he loves it and looks adorable in it!  The quality is typical PUMA, and it should wear well for a very long time.
B00FMCASVM I love it! I bought this for my nephew.  I can't wait to give it to him.  I am really glad I purchased this shirt.
B00FMCASVM Shirt as expected. The shirt is of nice quality, nice fit.  It was just what my 11 year old wanted and he is happy,  would buy again.
B00FMCASVM Nice Quality is good. Is made of cotton. This is not a soccer or any other sports shirt. Is nice for wearing and well made.
B00FMCASVM Cool shirt My son loves the bright colors and this was right up his alley. The quality seems fine. It is after all just a t-shirt.
B00FME3LO6 For my grandson I purchased this for my 8 year old grandson.  He told me it is is favorite shirt.  I asked him what he liked about the shirt--he said &#34;I like the way it feels because it's soft and I really like the color.&#34;
B00FME51MG Bought as a gift Bought it for my brother and it fits just fine.  Not much to say here other than it's a tee shirt.
B00FME64NQ Perfect t-shirt I bought this puma t-shirt for my cousin and fit as expected, very good quality and nice red puma design
B00FME64NQ Nice My son loves soccer and Puma stuff and was very happy with this shirt was the color he really wanted
B00FNMG3GU Love the look The shirt is supposed to be an extra large. Hoever it fits like a medium. Im going to send it back if I can.
B00FRG5SXG The material is too thin which is not good for a white shirt Size is a bit small. The material is too thin which is not good for a white shirt.
B00FRK4QBW Love it! I bought this for my nephew who loves soccer.  I can't wait to give it to him.  I am really glad I purchased this shirt.
B00FRK4QBW Another T-Shirt Item arrived as scheduled, well packaged, and met the description for the product I ordered.  Grandson is into soccer and welcomed the addition to his casual wardrobe.  Thx for asking.
B00FRK4QBW Good deal This is a nice shirt, good quality, it came quickly (as expected).  It was just in time for my nephew's twelfth birthday.
B00FRK5V0W Looks great! The fit and make of this t-shirt is wonderful.  My son loves it and I purchased the shorts to match and they look wonderful together.
B00FRK6OHG Awesome shirt This is a great shirt. I got it for my grandson playing soccer. It fit perfect & the material is light & breathable. Would def buy another.
B00FRKA29M Cute shirt I bought this to match the shorts.  They fit great and washed up very well keeping their color.  Plus he likes them.
B00FRKBC32 Well made This shirt was a good buy.  It's well made, washes well and cute.  Goes so well with a number of sports shorts.  Shirt was sent with prompt service.
B00FRL3K4U Nice shirt This shirt fit as expected and my son really likes it.  I've washed it several times and it looks brand new.  Great price for Puma brand.
B00FRL3ROI Nice toddler shirt Haven't worn yet but looks like the size is accurate for my son!! Kind of thin so this will be worn in the summer!
B00FRL3ZUE Very cute little shorts These washed up well and fit great.  I got the matching shirt and my grandson looks great in the outfit.
B00FRLWR8K Awesome shirt, where it indoors mostly Comfy shirt, feels like I'm not wearing a shirt at all but dust gets attracted to the shirt easily.  Nice  design, feels like it can absorb sweat instantly.
B00FRLWR8K Good price for a great T shirt! My 10 year old boy loves wearing this t shirt. He wears it very often. Cool, comfortable and looks great after many washes. Highly recommended!
B00FRLYIWS He likes it! My son really likes the colors and says the shirt is very comfortable.  I think the price is very reasonable as well!
B00FRM5G4G good purchase i bought this t shirt for my son, it is a good quality, I always buy PUMA t shirts every summer,my son wears large, but this shirt is somewhat large, he is almost 10 and like 98 lbs
B00FSE9ETQ Nice shirt but too small Nice shirt but too small. My girl is 10 and average size. Since the shirt said 7-16, I thought L would fit her nicely. But this shirt seems fits my 8yo better.
B00FSOUXO6 PUMA Shirt for our Great-Nephew This shirt looks great on our Great-Nephew and matches the Surf Bathing Suit we also purchased for him.  Great product.
B00FSRLCUM Great shirt! We love this shirt!  Is made of breathable moisture wicking material and looks fantastic.
B00FSY01HA Very bad shirt very small I did not know this will ... Very bad shirt very small I did not know this will be very small other wise I could order large
B00FW2ARGI Great look cheap material Love it but material was cheap- it was for my 6 year old and he ripped a hole in the shirt after 2 wears ;(
B00FW2C9IC Perfect  product! My son loves this tee shirt it fits great and doesn't look cheap like other tee shirts.  Love the design  and selected colors.Esmeralda
B00FW696R0 perfect My son loves this shirt!
B00FW6B74K Great shirt My 4 year old loves this shirt. Good quality. After many washes, it still looks good as new. Happy with this purchase
B00FW6PV2Y Nice shirt Nice shirt. Light weight and breathable. After washing did see a little shrink around the puma but after wearing it for a while straightened out. Fit as expected
B00FW6RVSG Great buy Shirt is great. Fits well to my 8 year old and he really likes it. Also happy with Argentina shirt.
B00FW6S6KI Great shirt, my son loves it I was a little worried about quality, but we've washed it twice and it still looks great. It doesn't run small, but it's definitely got a trim fit like a jersey.
B00FW6S8GA XL boys' shirt Great shirt but fit larger than expected.  Well-made, and good fabric otherwise.  Will be perfect for cheering at the WC!
B00FW6SA72 Cool shirt My step grandson loved this shirt.  This year is his first season playing soccer and he loved to wear this shirt for his games.
B00FWVGP0Q My nine year old loves them but I bought the kit...as the shirt is sold separately.  The shirt fit true to size but the shorts ran large.
B00G506DYQ puma love I love puma but, not much of a selection the shirt is great and I have matching mesh shorts to go with the shirt
B00GIP7H02 Super cute shirt! Cute shirt to go with the rainbow shorts. This is one of our favorite outfits.  Washes and fits well!  Would recommend!
B00HEQWA4W Authentic t-shirt The best part of this shirt is that there are actuall small Ferrari symbols on the sleeves, and that there is a tiny Italian flag just below the neckline, on the back. These things add something special to an otherwise average t-shirt. My 11-year-old son loves this shirt!
B00IEVFFN4 Not mesh polo fabric shirt. Nice and comfortable shirt fabric, however the shirt fabric is not mesh polo.The Puma branding and FIGC official badge are not embroidered as described,  they are graphic pigment print as the letters ITALIA on the chest.Fit as expected.
B00IEVFFN4 Very thin For the price, I was disappointed with the quality.  Manufacture seems ok, but the fabric is very thin - basically a T-shirt with collar.  Fits small - had to return the large for an X-large (no, I am not in denial about my weight gain - all my other shirts are still Large!)Overall, satisfied I have something to wear during the World Cup but I do not have much hope in the shirt's durability.
B00IEVFIPE very nice The shirt is very nice, I have very good, the pattern is perfect, the fabric quality is not very good,
B00IEVFNWC Pleased with my purchase I have no complaints about the Italia t-shirt.  I received it as expected and the fit was perfect. Forza Azzurri!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00IEVFON0 Nice shirt I would buy again....
B00IMH9BUI Very nice T-Shirt Beaultiful T-Shirt. Formula one fans should consider add this model to their collection. Delivery on time and fit as expected.
B00IMH9BUI Cool F1 racing shirt Neckline a little loose but nice racing shirt.
B00IMH9BUI Good fan t-shirt, a bit expensive The T-shirt looks good. I would say that it's longer than most T-shirts, so I think I need to have my wife cut it short for me. It's good if you like to tuck in your t-shirt, but not good if you don't. 4 star because it's kinda expensive. But shipping was very fast.One other small issue I notice is that the reflective plastic that is from the arm pit to the end of the sleeve is made in a triangular shape. The problem with that is that they cut it into a sharp corner towards your arm pit and it pokes through he cloth. Easy fix, I just round it out with a scissor.
B00JVUR0LM Awesome! This shirt is awesome! I ordered it for my husband and he almost cried! It is a very classy, vintage design and the price is very reasonable.
B00JVUR0LM Very good quality This polo shirt is great, color, size. I bought the XL and usually they come too large or too small, this one was just the right size. Definitely would buy again.
B00JVUR328 DO NOT BUY! I ordered this item and received a long-sleeve, red, heavy sweat shirt with a 7 on the back and USA across the front. The design was totally different and very disappointing. DO NOT BUY!!!!
B00JVUR328 Posting because of 2 other reviews... This shirt is as advertised.  I knew it would fit a bit small so I ordered a size too big.  It's a nice material.  A mix between t shirt and jersey.  Very happy with purchase (even thought a bit expensive).  GO USA!
B00JVUR328 Totally different item than is pictured. I ordered this item and received a long-sleeve, red, heavy sweat shirt with a 7 on the back and USA across the front. The design was totally different, but more importantly, it wasn't any where near the style of shirt that is pictured. I will be returning the item immediately.
B00JVUR9UO Rugby shirt is dynamite! Perfect American sizing and fit!  The material is so soft and comfortable and the shirt is an awesome addition to anyone's closet.  Especially US Rugby fans!
B00JVZYM2W Purrrrfect! I received this shirt as a gift and love it!  The cat is so cool looking. The shirt is nice quality and fits perfect.  Very happy with it.
