B000CCZ740 Love those colors! I was having heel problems before these shoes.  Now, my heel is feeling much better and I've continued my training regime.  The colors may bother some but results vastly outweigh any vanity that comes my way.  The shoes are light, very supportive, and very comfortable when running.  I'm very pleased with them so far (I've been using them for about one month).  I definitely recommend these shoes!
B000EOVCYU Very versital and light weight. There is a marked difference between these athletic shoes and others. It feels as if you are wearing no shoes at all. They may not be for people who feel that they need serious foot support, because they don't "feel" supportive but they have made my workout so much nicer. These shoes make my other cross trainers feel like heavy wooden Swedish clogs. It's so much nicer to run in these Pumas.In my workouts I, run, use a cardio machines and weights about 12 hours a week and shoes are very important to me. I have now owned these shoes for around seven months.Benefits:Very light weightExtremely comfortableEasy to get on and off (without kicking them off during a run)Although not recommended, they wash right up in the washing machine (air dry)Extra 1.25" heal helps maintain proper postureFlexible soleVery durableDisadvantages:Hard to findUsually over $80Because the majority of the shoe is white or grey, they do look dirty pretty quick-because of this these are my "gym" shoes.
B000FPLEOG Very Nice I really like these shoes.  They are very comfortable and look really good.  I just hope they last.
B000GQ24RU Good shoes Not best for running but look very cool.  comfortable enough to wear for style
B000H6EIH8 bad Not what I thought....It was like a track shoe...A flat....Thought it was more like a sneaker.....
B000N53Y1O Good shoes These are cool shoes. Look great with jeans.Sometimes they look pink from far away. And they look a little goofy with shorts if you have big feet.
B000REX1DW Perfect Driving Shoes I have owned 3 pairs of these shoes, and am ordering a 4th.They are the best driving shoes I've ever had.  the thin sole (which some see as a drawback), gives amazing tactile feedback from pedals, and will never catch on a pedal while heal-toe or left foot breaking.  the sole cups around the heel of to give extra padding against the floorboard, and prevents the rubber from seperating from the material, like many shoes do, after putting a lot of miles on them.  they are so good i can hardly stand wearing anything else if i'm driving anywhere.Some people have complained that they are too small, or sized small.  in my experience this is true for the first 2 or 3 days, but once broken in, they will fit like a second skin.  once broken in, they become a natural extension of you foot, and almost feel like your walking around barefoot.I recommend buying a half dozen, just in case puma stops making them one day.
B000REX1DW Puma Shoes Black & White I've bought these shoes three times in a row, I always get the black ones. The design is good and look very sporty. They are very low shoes. These are NOT running shoes and they are shoes you don't want to walk in for more than six hours. The bottom of the shoes are thinner than converse chucks shoes. You can't fit any inserts into these shoes. These shoes are not recommended if you have flat feet. If you walk on rocky surfaces you WILL feel them. These shoes are more for hanging out. They are very durable. The fabric has a velvet finish and some parts eventually fade to a light black color but that doesn't happen right away, they are very breathable. I might get another pair and they are worth it.
B0013VH7PQ Great Shoes! Well, they are worth the price if you are buying these for actual running.  If you aren't then I would never spend 120 on these shoes.Yes, they are not good for wearing in the rain.  But again, these are actual running shoes, so the mesh is a blessing when running.And in the end, these are about the most comfortable shoes I have ever bought for running.  They seem bulky when I first put them on, but they mold to your feet so well.  And they are light, offer great cushioning, and are for neutral runners.I have gone as far as 12 miles in these, and they hold up very very well.
B0014DE166 Very stylish These shoes look great. They're a little tight in the toe box, but break in. Nice alternative to the running shoe for every day wear.
B00169MRR8 Great shoes for the price. If you like Puma you will love these, they are more powder blue than they look in the pictures. They took quite a bit of breaking in though. But they are great and they shipped quickly.
B0019E8I5U shoes These shoes are very comfy to walk in for long periods of time- once you break them in. Very cute, they make my big feet look smaller- for once!
B0019UBUD6 Great running shoe! Well-crafted. A close look shows the detailed work. Doesn't appear glued together like so many other shoes. Plenty of cushioning and support. An excellent run in a stylish shoe. Comfortable and very reasonably priced when compared to others in its category.
B001AK54M8 Great socks! They feel great on your feet, they have a bit of cushioning on the bottoms, and will never slide down into your shoes. Perfect running socks
B001B4WUVQ comfy sneakers I have to say this sneaker is very well made and is very comfortable.  I use it for working out, running errands etc.  It's very light weight and not a heavy sneaker.
B001B51W64 Read the following... I've worn these shoes for about 6 months now. They are a great athletic casual shoe, however they are not good for running. There is not enough support or cushioning for that purpose. They go flat very quick. So if you want an awesome pair of shoes that look great, get them. But if you plan on running, walking alot, or cross training, you may want a different pair of shoes.
B001B51W64 Black Puma voltaic running shoe very comfortable, no need to break them in.  very comfortable for running in. sleek and stylish too. only problem I observed is that after walking in these for a few hours at a time, my heel starts to ache. but then again, not many shoes are out there that dont do that to my feet. 5 stars!
B001B51W64 Best Running Shoes Fits perfectly and feels great the first time (i.e., no need to break it in). Very light, makes you feel like you're running on air.
B001B51W64 Comfortable, good looking shoes These shoes are extremely comfortable and good looking shoes, fit for running,gym and daily use.Worth the money.
B001B51W64 Great running shoes, but beware... I brought a pair of these last summer for running/walking and was initially very pleased with the purchase. These shoes are excellent for running because it's very lightweight while offering good cushioning support. For runners, I think these are as good as they get. They're not the most durable shoes though.However, I probably won't ever purchase another pair because they soak in water like crazy. It is impossible to wear them in any wet area (e.g. after rain) and expect to keep your feet dry. The problem lies in the construction: the mesh cloth connects to the shoes' bottom, and hence soaks in any moisture. If you're like me and treat your running shoes as all-purpose shoes, then you might want to try elsewhere.
B001B52SDK Comfortable and Nice These shoes are very colorful, so if you don't like shoes that will stand out in public, you wouldn't like these - otherwise you'll love them. Very comfortable too.
B001B52YSO Perfect Shoe! Love these shoes! Stylish, comfortable and light weight. I feel like I can run like a Puma in these =D
B001CHEOW0 For track/pavement not trails I boughta pair about a month ago and have worn them almost everyday. I was surprised by how much different they feel from cross-trainers/marathon running shoes I am used to. There's not as much padding; a golf ball sized rock could cause a bruise if the foot lands on it. At first I thought that the lack of padding would be a problem but I haven't had any shock problems (and by now I probably would).They've held up well on pavement and trails (mostly trails). There aren't any major blemishes (scuffs/rips) and they seem well made. Still, I don't think they will hold up under regular running/bike (gravel-uneven terrain, etc.) trail abuse.If anything changes I'll update this review.
B001CHEOW0 yes, they do run at least a half size smaller than advertised. good nonetheless. very light, good enough support for walking and running. what i like most is they are not all clunky n thick on the bottom -- so they dont encourage bad running form. these, moreso than most running shoes, encourage running on the balls of your feet (perhaps because theyre sprinting shoes). most shoes have heavily cushioned heels which make heel striking intuitive, but this causes injury. these, on the other hand, are good shoes.
B001CHER90 Great shoes, but run a little tight These shoes are awesome, I prefer the slick leather shoes versus the cloth/fabric shoes that most shoes are these days. Keep in mind that like the other Puma shoes, these shoes run pretty slim. If you have wide feet like I do, they will be a bit tight.
B001CHG1YY Puma is good I like it, the materials are perfect like every original Puma stuffs.Only be carefull with size the 8 is like 8.5 :/
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes Everything is as expected, size is exact, look is like on the picture. What can I say, it's just good!
B001CHG1YY gangster shoes cause there my favorite shoes there comfterble and they look really nice I especially like the black and white and they look g
B001CHG1YY A great fit Feel like I'm walking on clouds and running through a cotton field that how smooth and comfortable they feel on my feet.
B001CHG1YY Looks good, exactly as picture Nice shoes, were fairly inexpensive.  They look exactly as they do in the picture and come with a couple different colors of shoelaces.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe! Love pumas.The Olympian blue sneakers are actually a lot darker than what the picture shows, but I like it a lot better.Have gotten a lot of compliments on them.Amazing shoes.
B001CHG1YY Great Shoe, a Bit Uncomfortable Puma is an amazing brand and getting these shoes made my day. I put them on and they are exactly like the picture. The only thing that I didn't like was that my feet go sideways past the sole, I don't have big feet so this alarmed me and I had half a mind to return them. It wasn't until I found out that this is what normally occurs (according to sources) that I decided to keep them, I realize that I'll just have to get used to them.I really like the fabric and I got two pairs of shoe laces (black and white). The bottoms of the sneakers are a solid white which looks really cool.I would come here to buy even more shoes because they do fit and you can break them in if they don't. **** out of *****
B001CHG1YY great shoes!!!! Great shoes!! They fit perfectly and look even better than the picture!! Amazon never disappoints me. They're the best for online shopping.
B001CHG1YY Sweet Shoe - Just a little small. I really like these shoes and bought them for a few outfits that the look great with.  I wish however that I would have bought a half size larger as I don't wear them enough to properly &#34;break them in&#34;.  Otherwise good looking shoes.  Look just like the picture.
B001CHG1YY Nice shoes I love the way these look and they are super comfortable. Very much like the throwback Pumas of the eighties.
B001H0EY2C Totally awesome shoes I got the red/white/green ones for my birthday and almost cried. They are the best shoes made on the planet, and the fact that they are even offered in Italy colors makes them that more fantastic.
B001H0F93K Good and Bad I bought these shoes for general gym purposes, and for that they are great.  I can lift and cycle comfortably, and I have no problems walking around town while wearing them.  Running, however, is a different story.  There is almost no cushioning, so running in these would be a bad idea.  I would recommend these for any activity BUT running.
B001H0FDZ4 AWEOME These are great shoes!!! They are definately designed more for trail running, but I wear them for normal everyday use. They are very comfortable, and very good looking. All around... I Love Them!!!
B001H0FMQE Love em! Not only are these shoes super comfy but they look great also. I always wear them when I go to NY where I do miles of walking and my feet never hurt. I also wear them to the gym on days when I do light cardio or sculpting. Not sure how they would be as a running shoe, I stick to my running sneakers for that but overall I love them and will probably be purchasing another pair soon.
B001H0G0DI More form than substance Puma aesthetics are unrivaled (in my opinion), and this shoe is no exception. It looks great - sleek, even a bit sexy. It is very comfortable for walking and "kicking around". However, this is not a serious running shoe. It does not have ample arch support for long runs and is a bit heavier than most running shoes. Although I love the look and the feel for casual wear, I would not recommend them for more than that.
B001H311HA Brilliant Colors Like the other reviewers said, definitely look way cooler in person. Before I got them I was a little unsure of the colors but they look great! The black lines and sprayed on look is really unique too, looks like my shoes are drawn on me. Very cool shoes.
B001H311HA Gorgeous pair of kicks!! These shoes are absolutely fantastic. The colors are vibrant and the pictures shown do not do the shoes justice. Shoes are comfortable and I am extremely pleased with the purchase. If you are in to wild and fun shoes, these are for you!
B001KFAKUY Stylish and Cush I love these shoes. They run true to size and are even better looking in person. I wear them for running about town not for working out. Stylish, casual, comfortable shoes!
B001OOMNDI Perfect The sise was perfect and the colors too. It was all i was withing for. I really like this shoes
B001QXC7ZQ Great for running, not for fighting crime. This is a great compromise between a short and full running pants.  If you are like me you love to run but don't want to be "that guy" in running shorts who looks like he is doing his best Anthony Weiner impression these might be for you.  If you love to let your legs get some air or have ever pulled up your running pants up a bit when the temp started to climb and found out your could very efficiently regulate your heat, thank you very much... these might be for you.They are nylon and reasonably breathable without being so form fitting that you feel the urge to fight crime. The legs come to about mid shin standing and about 2 inches below the knee in a deep bend. Like all things from outside of the US they run a size to a size and a half small unless you are a male version of Twiggy.  So far they have lasted two years without fading or wearing holes and because they are nylon they are still the same size.  Give 'em a whirl, if you meet the above criteria you should probably give them a try.  Oh yeah, if you are a bit older like myself and love that "swish, swish, shish, swish" sound you lost when they started making runners spandex wearing superhero wannabes, this will be a bonus too! They are just too darned noisy for crime fighting.
B001RJM58I nice but material is too thin for me I like this top, its cute and a good length. But the material is very thin and stretches way out and I found it did get pretty baggy. Im 5'9" and normal size and bought a medium initially but it was really loose on me so i exchanged it for a small. Even that still feels a bit baggy too. Personal preference of course but I like a heavier material that feels like its hugging you a bit more.
B001RJNSLG i like it i pay this  for my wifeit realy goodthanks puma :)
B001SAP4MA Great Trail Running Shoes I am 44 and run regulary: about 30 minutes 4 times a week on a bridal trail. At first, I noticed my calves and ankle muscules worked harder than in regular track shoes because the shoe is smaller, more form fitting with less padding to create a more foot-like response when stepping on those hidden rocks, roots, branches on the trail thus avoiding twisting an ankle. But my muscles quickly gained strength and agility which is extrememly important when every step varies as opposed to street running--that's one reason why one needs those large spongy track shoes to prevent repetitive enjuries, not to mention the harder surface impact.I highly recommend them. They are super cute too and look good with jeans if you have to! This pic is true to the color.
B001VH736K GOOD SNEAKER Although these are running sneakers, they are not padded enough for running, but they are great for the gym. I really like the fit, comfort and look. I would never spend $100 on them, but Amazon had a great sale price.
B001VH75I6 puma sneakere I love these sneakers. I like colorful sneakers that do not look like an athletic sneaker/ running style shoe. I wish Puma still made these.
B001VH7HZW My Shoes These shoes are very comfterable.  The size was just right.  I would recommend these shoes to anybody who like fashionable footwear.
B001VKXHP8 love arrived in a timely manner i wish the shoes were a little better for hiking as well, but the a great for running
B001VKXJME Rodalban?!?! At first glance these sneakers dont look like much.  I bought them solely for the price, hoping that the name PUMA will help these shoes shine.  I was not dissappointed.  At all.When the box showed up I immediately tore it open.  Giddy to see my new shoes.  I put them on.  At first they were a little narrow on my somewhat wide feet, but after breaking them in, they fit like a glove.  I am always skeptical when I buy a shoe that boast an outdoor make.  I ran cross country when I was younger and I have a pretty good idea at what a shoe needs to be successful running trails.  These shoes have it!I am the guy who would through a puddle rather than take the time to find a way around it, and I was pleasantly surprised that these shoes actually take to water fairly well.  They are not water-proof by no stretch of the word but they do offer some protection.  They handle mud like a dream.  This was my biggest worry.  I live in central Florida and from May to August it rains nearly everyday, not all day but at the least everday.  The traction on these shoes is phenomenal, they clean up easily, and the comfort provided while running through the many backwood trails keeps me in them practically all day long.  They are slippery on a wet floor, but what shoe isn't?  I really didn't buy these shoes for indoor use anyway, I have other shoes for that.Overall, I am glad to put these shoes next to all my other PUMA shoes.  Nike may be the number one shoe making company in the world, but they don't make their shoes to last.  I have a pair of PUMA Turins that are over 2 years old.  Aside from some stains on them they are still my go to shoes for sidewalk crunching.  I hope to add these to that category.I Love These Shoes
B001VKXPIM PUMA Men's Speeder Sneaker The thing I like most about the shoes is that they feel as if they were already broke in even though they were brand new. The rubber spikes on the bottom of the shoes do make a nit of a noise when walking and have a habit of picking up small rocks. Other then that these shoes are great!
B001YG5LZ8 Not as i expected The shoes look nice, just like the picture and quite comfortable. The main problem is that the shoes get worn out after few days near the inner shoe lace area, that disappointed me.
B0029NZ82Q huge way too big, doesn't look like picture at allas big as a duffle bagwouldn't recommend unless u need a huge bag to pack to go somewhere
B002C4KA9S Comfortable I've recently began getting Puma over New Balance and KSwiss due to comfort and quality. Puma makes high quality, great looking shoes, while keeping them comfortable. Isn't that the main point? One thing that buyers should remember when looking at these shoes is that they are bulky compared to many of what Puma produces. Though, these may be the best looking shoes I have ever bought. The picture does them no justice. Overall, I'd get these shoes for general every day walking. I'd look elsewhere for running shoes.
B002C4KCUA Love these shoes.  Perfect for weight lifting. These are great shoes.  I bought them for weight lifting.  They are perfect for lifting, but I need to change into running shoes for running.  They're amazingly light and comfortable, and feel like a glove.  I found myself wearing them around the house like a slipper!  For the first wear or two they're somewhat snug, so I just laced them loosely.  After that PERFECT.  We now own three pair of these in our home.  Looks cool too.
B002ECFBUQ Excellent puma shoes!!! I bought these shoes after reviewed several PUMA models... and my decision was right! I feel very comfortable with my new shoes, Excellent product!!, look like in amazon's site. Buy trustworthy!!
B002ECFUCU Nice shoes These shoes look nice and for the most part feel nice too aside from a clump in the right shoe which may just be mine. Only thing I can say bad about it is that if you get dirt into the netting it is very difficult to wash it out so now my shoes are a little dirty.
B002EENBOW Look cool, but not on me These shoes look really cool, but they look awkward on me. They are very narrow and almost look like bulky socks on me. Being a tall, slender guy these just don't look right on me.
B002EENI40 Nice Not too formal but not too informal which is what I like about these shoes.  Easy to slip on and off.  I've got 5 different pairs of these shoes.  Thanks
B002EL3KQE Nice shoes.  It lightning &#128513; My sun like hes new shoes and it arrived at time also he likr the lights on the shoes. Thank you
B002EL3KQE Great shoes for play and dress up. My son loves these shoes, great for running, playing and dressing up.Great shoes for play and dress up time.
B002EL3KQE Like it Its exactly like picture show it. Like like like like like like like like like like like like like like.
B002EL3KQE Puma shoes are great! Granddaughter loves illuminating shoes and glitter shoes. Little girls like to show and tell with their shoes. Thank you very much!
B002EL3KQE kl Becouse the shoes is very good and was a good price.The shoes are like the photo and was very fast.
B002EL3KQE Loved it! My son loves these shoes, they fit perfectly, thank God because it would be impossible for me to return them, the lights are so cool, they look like electricity running through the puma. I recommend these to everybody!
B002EL3KQE good shoes Perfect shoes ,my son love's them.He likes to wear them all day,liht and strong material made,going to buy some more like this.
B002EL3KQE Good shoes Luv this shoes. Everyone was so surprised and ask where did i get this shoes . I like light up shoes
B002EL3KQE nice it is what i was expecting - comfortable, is breathing, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like.
B002EL3LZE Nice shoes I got these shoes for my 6year old son. He loves them.They are easy to get on and are made well and still look like new.
B002EL3MCQ Great Shoe, Great Price I love Puma shoes for my very active sons. These were for my 6 1/2 year old. He loves the bright color, I love the tasteful design, and we both enjoy that they are supportive well made shoes that can keep up with his running, jumping, etc.
B002EL3MCQ Very nice looking shoes These shoes look great and fit very well for my 14 month son.  I have a pair of adult size Pumas that look just like these.  Now we match! Highly recommend these to anyone that likes Pumas.
B002EL3MCQ Perfect kid shoes We bought this pair for our daughter & it is perfect. The colors are awesome & she is very comfortable running around in them.
B002EL3MCQ I LIKE IT I LIKE IT. THANKS. I HOPE WILL BE CONFORTABLE AND SMOTH . I RECOMENDED THIS SHOES FOR KIDS.THANKS FOR ALL
B002EL3MCQ Okay We're a huge fan of PUMAs for our kid's shoes.. durability, ease for them to put on themselves and (again) durability!  Those these PUMA shoes are fitting the durability and ease of use, I have to agree with other reviewers that they &#34;look&#34; cheap.  They're a shiny leather and remind me of referee shoes - lol, which is fine, if you like those kind of shoes :-)Bottom line, these shoes definitely do the job we're asking them to do!
B002EZZRKC gross. they look great on the page but the color i chose (white and grey) look awful with every outfit. unfortunately it costs way too much to return so they will forever just sit in my closet. the shoes look like orthapedic shoes an 80 year old man would wear. should have bought them in black.
B002EZZRKC Great Sneaker! When I purchased these shoes, my neighbor exclaimed, "They look just like you!" Now that could have meant any number of things, but I suspect she meant that they looked comfortable yet unassuming and softly gray around the edges. And I'd say that was accurate. I love these shoes--they fit well, support well and almost make me forget I'm wearing shoes. For my next pair of shoes I'm heading for the Pumas!
B002EZZWKW great shoes! I bought these shoes almost 2 years ago and they still clean up to look like they are new! They are super comfortable and the size is right on! Highly recommend!
B002F0053U style and practicality first pumas ive ever had and i love them. comfy right out of the box and i love the glove like design...they dont have a separated tongue like most sneakers. i like it because theres no roaming around and needing constant adjustment. also they are great for running because they mold to your foot and theres no movement of the shoe or friction.super stylish and attractive too. very well made.
B002F0053U Amazing Shoes I have had these shoes now for three years, and they are still in amazing condition! I have worn them for workouts, basketball, running, and even casual wear; they still look new! I wouldn't recommend wearing them if you have weak ankles, though. They are very low.
B002F0053U Great workout shoes for machine & weightlifting workouts at the gym. Not sure I would use these for running because they are very stiff. But the stiffness serves them well as 'gym' shoes to wear on the elliptical, stairclimber and doing weight routines. They give a lot of lateral stability so I can even use them for floor work if I choose to do an aerobics class. A good 'gym' shoe but you may want more flexibility in the sole if you wanted to use this as a running shoes for trail or asphalt.
B002KAOJ8M CrossFit I do a lot of CrossFit so I wanted a shoe that could do it all. I needed to be able to do powerlifting and running without changing shoes. So I bought a pair of these. They work great! The minimalist design, without all the extra running-shoe-type padding, a flexible base, and enough rubber to run in makes this great for anyone who CrossFits.It was a toss-up between these and some Nike Free's or the Vibrams Five-Finger type shoes. I didn't want the ultra minimalist design mostly because they seem to fall apart quickly.  These Kosmos are a nice transition shoe for anyone thinking about going minimalist. Yes, you have to run on the balls of your feet (Pose style), but it's better form, and it feels way more natural. They also work great for lifting (barbell work). The sole is thin enough that all energy is directly tranferred into the floor. No more soft squishy running pillows on my feet for lifting.Two quick quibs. One, they have no grip on wet surfaces. I wore them one day when it rained. Bad news bears... Grip on dry ground = amazing (due to the soft rubber near the toes).Second, the sole platform is not very wide. This isn't a big deal, I use them to lift in every other day, so stability isn't a problem. Some people have weak ankles though and you could roll an ankle if you are a novice lifter who trys to squat a ton of weight without thinking.TL;DR - Great for CrossFit, lifters, runners. BONUS: You feel like a ninja wearing them.
B002KAOJ8M They get my knees aligned. I have run 265 miles in these shoes.  I knocked them down one star for lack of forefoot width and another star for lack of traction.  They are durable other than the small traction nubs.  The forefoot does not allow the toes to spread like I like but the majority of running shoes have that problem.  I use them mostly for running in the park on the grass.  The balls of my feet get sore if I run on the concrete trail for more than 3 miles.  I weigh about 200 pounds and most of the soft running shoes compress under the middle of my forefoot after about 50 miles making it seem like I am constantly stepping on a hole.  Have not had that problem with these because they don't have much padding to squash.  I found that most of the high heeled running shoes will cause my knees to get out of alignment.  Running in these shoes gets them back in alignment.  The small profile makes them very good for running on uneven surfaces like horse trails and park lawns. The front toe end is stiff enough to keep me from breaking my toes when I trip over a root or rock.  On steep mountain trails the lack of traction becomes a factor and sometimes I have to leave the trail and go cross country to get past the slick spots that I slide backwards down with these shoes.  If I had not ever worn them on concrete the traction might be OK but concrete wore the nubs off.  I would buy another pair if they were a bit wider in the forefoot and I would keep them off the concrete.
B002KAOJ8M Light, fast, and comfy - very solid running shoe I was a bit hesitant to buy these shoes because of the negative reviews both on this site and elsewhere.  These shoe are reasonably light, feel fast on the feet, and are comfy and decently supportive for the weight and shoe type.  As a word of caution, I just got these in the mail and so have only taken them on one hilly 5 mile run consisting of dirt and pavement.  I am a heavy and slow runner - usually jogging at about 10 min/mile pace -  but after someone ran by me and gave me one of those looks on my jog these shoes performed great for two miles at a reasonable clip of under 7 min/mile pace (I wear a Garmin GPS watch).I am gradually transitioning into more minimalist footwear, and I currently switch between running in very supportive Brooks Trance with superfeet inserts, the inov-8 roclite 250 trail shoes, and Steven Sashen's [...] huaraches.  If price wasn't a consideration I probably would have bought the inov-8 220s, but at $100 they are about twice as much as I paid for the Puma Kosmos.Why these are solid shoes:1) They're lightweight.  At 8 ounces they are the same weight as the inov-8 220s and comparable to racing flats, although they seem considerably more durable.2) They seem to breathe really well.  The mesh upper in the front helps ventilation.3) They're really flexible.  You definitely get the barefoot feel, but enough stability and padding that if you heel strike a bit they are still comfy.4) They're reasonably supportive.  The front half of the shoe has a complete barefoot feel, but the back half has good low profile padding so it is essentially the best of both worlds.In terms of sizing, I typically wear a 9.5 when I wear socks and 8.5-9.0 on shoes where I don't wear socks.  I bought these shoes in a 9.0 and the sizing seems comparable to other shoes - I removed the insole that comes with the shoe and wore them sockless.  The shoes may be a tad on the narrow side, but I don't think its very different from many other running shoes.  I had read online that these shoes weren't good for running sockless, but they felt great without the insoles or socks.  No heat or uncomfort on my heel at all.  That being said the heel does go a little bit high so that I'm temmpted to cut off the top, but I prefer a minimal heel.  All in all a very solid running shoe.
B002KAOLGC Great shoes This shoes are awesome, what a style, so soft and really light I just love them as I can I'll buy another pair like this :)
B002KAOLGC Very nice I'm a little bit of a Puma fanboy but these are my favorite shoes. They're certainly not made for sports, running, or dressing up but as far as a casual shoe goes it's perfect. This particular line of shoes is made mostly of rubbery material which has small holes to breathe. The rubber is easy to clean, much easier than cloth or suede (I can attest to this because I have a pair of these same shoes made from mostly cloth and they very hard to clean). Overall, I highly recommend them. Comfortable, stylish, durable, and Puma is an eco-friendly company - you'll see when you get the 'shoebox'.
B002KAOLGC Look better in person I wanted something else besides Skate shoes, and I already loved my puma running shoes. So I opted for these, ( cheap price too )Great fit, smooth leather, and comfortable.
B002KAOLGC Awesome sneaker This puma shoes is one of the best buy I ever made!!! I really like a lot, wait for more designs...
B002LVUXNK nice running shoes the only problem is in the heel of the foot is very soft rubber and can break easily
B002LVUZEC Fantastic running shoes These running shoes are fantastic.  Lightweight, great support, and great fit.  I also like the fact that the upper mesh is breathable/permits some airflow to the foot.  Plus they are really good looking.  I am quite pleased with these shoes.
B002RFQLMM COOL!!!! I LIKE THE DESIGN AND COROR OF THE SHOES!!!!! HAHA I USED IT FOR MY SOCCER GAME AND I SCORED WITH THIS SHOES!!!!
B002SSUUN4 Great shoes, very confortable great shoes for walk, running, very confortable and the colours are precious. Perfect to wear with shorts, jeans, or sport pants
B002SSUUN4 Very comfortable and light weight these are very cute and light weight athletic shoes. I wear them with jeans for running around and not wanting to be in heavy running or workout shoes.
B002SSUUN4 its somewhat small in the front side i like this brand for my wifeand she like it tooits useful for long beriod for walking and running
B002SSUUN4 Comfy, amaizing I had this running shoes for outdoor and indoor running. It is most siutable and comfortable for that purpos. I am very happy i chose puma shoes
B002WC87O0 Awesome shoes These shoes look great with jeans and are also great for gym. Very comforatable for everyday wear. They look similar to the very popular H Street which were discontinued in 2005.
B002X78OCO Athletic and girly So excited when I got these.  I am not a huge sneaker type person - love more of the girls shoes - flip flops, flats, heels, sandals... needed something that had some grip for the boat (hate boat shoes) and these are perfect - nothing to tie and they are like sneaker ballet shoes!
B002Y4MAU8 great shoes Awesome shoes
B002YD8KIK Bought for my son He needed a good pair of running shoes and these were highly rated and reasonable. They have been good running shoes for him
B002YD8MTM These shoes are made for walking I have a bunch of Puma shoes, because they just fit my feet very well, and they look good. They are my office and/or leisure shoes, not for running, not for bad weather. For that - I like them a lot.
B0030BFBUK great running shoes I'm training for a 5K in these shoes.  They are the first shoes that I've owned that my feet and body didn't hurt after running in them.  I'm an overpronator and these are perfect!
B0030BFF5Q Cute, but not the best for running/gym These shoes are really cute, but not the best for going to the gym or running; nice for wearing around the city to run errands or something.
B0030BFF5Q standard tennis shoe I love the color of these shoes. However, they do not offer much support. They also feel like you are just wearing a standard tennis shoes. I prefer running shoes to be more snug on your foot and more cushioned.
B00368BSM2 hoodies have not had a chance to wear it yet. I will say this though. the product looks just like the picture, very thin material. You can bold it up and put it in your back pack or something. That's pretty much all i have on this product, like i said i have not worn it yet. I would imagine with the material it would great for the beach or something to just throw on your shoulders with a lil breeze out.
B0036FTB1A Great Shoes! These shoes are great! They are true to size and very comfortable. The colors are nice and the shoes are hot!
B0036HXFNS Great Pair of Shorts These are a fantastic pair of running/soccer/athletic shorts. They're light weight, dry quickly, available in a few colors, and last >5 years in my experience (I've had the old versions as well).I'm not sure what the other reviewers were thinking- the picture clearly shows they are a few inches above the knee and that there are no pockets.These are the best running/soccer/gym shorts I've had, 5 stars it is.
B0037KMP6W Great Sneakers These are not only comfortable, but Gorgeous.  Look better in person, and great if your a pink lover like me,
B0038QP3C8 Horrid Shoes They're very uncomfortable.  Almost zero padding and are made out of cheap material.  Difinitely not worth the 60.00 i paid.  They're more like a pair of 10.00 shoes from Walmart.
B003EE7NLI Nice and lightweight These shoes are very lightweight.  The bottom seems a little narrow, but it fits just fine.  These are really cool looking and my friends say they look "Euro" haha.The only thing I don't like about these shoes is the black stripes along the sides are made out of a somewhat stiff fabric.  There are wrinkles accumulating right at the front of the black stripes just from walking around.
B003EE7SSQ Very well These shoes are really nice. Soft, nice color, model and material. They really feel comfortable and look very good.I recomend them because of this.
B003EE9O4W My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves her new shoes! They fit perfect and are just like the picture. I would recommend these shoes for children who love to play!
B003EE9P14 Awesome Sneakers These shoes are awesome.  Feels like walking around in slippers!  I am a Phys Ed teacher on my feet all day and these shoes feel great!
B003EEBFI0 Awesome pair of shoes!! These shoes look great! Seem very comfortable and well made. I can't believe how little I paid for them.  Great bargain!!  The shoes always get complimented on!
B003EEBGQQ puma men's cell turin Really comfortable and fashionable.  Great for training or wearing as a leisure sneaker.  Very light and breathable!  When running, it doesn't even feel like your wearing them!
B003EEBGQQ Good Looking, Value Shoes. Have have more "expensive" running shoes. These, of course, don't compare: heavier and it lacks air flow because it's somewhat thick. They do look nice. Good to wear if you're doing something and don't want to mess up you're better shoes.
B003EEBGQQ Good running shoe This pair of running shoes has changed my opinion about Puma.  I used to be a strictly New Balance runner, now Puma is all I wear.  Comfortable and supportive.
B003EEF1CQ Clown shoes! I really didn't like these shoes.  I have long feet as it is.  Given how wide the shoe is (particularly the toe) and how bright the colors were, it looked like I was wearing ridiculous clown shoes.  They were also quite heavy.  I returned it, learning that Amazon doesn't have free shoe refunds anymore and the cost of postage is quite substantial.I think the best Pumas are the Dallas, but I'm not totally sold on those shoes either.
B003EEH7NM Great shoes! I thought that the shoes would be more of a warm deep chocolate brown like the picture, but these shoes look more of a grayish brown.  Besides that the look great, great quality, and my little boy really likes them
B003EEH7NM Perfect shoes! I high recommend this Sneaker! My daughter is running and walking with them all days long.She is really happy!
B003FZGOC0 Nice shoes These are really comfy shoes.  I don't think I'd ever use them as running shoes, but they are great just to wear around.  I gave them 4 stars because they make your feet sweat like crazy!
B003FZGOC0 Amazing Purchase! I am a preschool teacher and was in desperate need for a pair of shoes that would stay comfortable after eight hours on my feet. These shoes are absolutely incredible! I purchased the black and blue pair and they work with every outfit and are comfortable no matter what I'm doing. I no longer have pressure on my heels or pain coming from the arches of my feet. I bought my normal size and they fit perfectly, a little snug at first but after a very short break in period (no blisters with these shoes!) they fit my feet like a glove. I would absolutely reccomend purchasing these shoes. From now on, all of my work shoes will be Pumas.:)PRODUCT UPDATE: November 2012I'm coming up on a full year of having these shoes and they are still amazing. They have been through the abuse of working at the preschool, running around and sliding on cement, rocks, and whatever else. These are my running shoes for my workouts on the weekends and my camping and hiking shoes as well. Even after everything I've put these through, they still look brand new! No severe wear on the soles, no problems with holes or weak spots. I LOVE THESE SHOES!
B003FZJWW4 Great Shoes! There isnt much to say about these Pumas. They are comfortable and look good. If you like this style you cant go wrong with these sneakers.
B003FZL4YS Great casual sneaker I had been looking for a casual sneaker which was comfortable for running around doing errands, but didn't look like I left my gym shoes on.  I tried a bunch of pumas and the replicat is great.  Unfortunately not quite as comfy as other puma styles, but puma in general are very comfy and so are these.  Looks good with jeans.
B003LY4NK0 Great running shoe I originally purchased these shoes because I thought that they looked great (and they do). However, I had them with me one day when I went to the gym so I figured that I would give them a shot on the treadmill--they did not disappoint. I am a pronator, so these shoes gave me just the outside support that I needed. For the price, you really can't beat these. I highly recommend these to anyone that needs a nice pair of running shoes that look great and don't brake the bank.
B003LY4O9K great running shoes!!!!!! great,good looking and confortable running shoes from puma.usually their design freaks me out most of the time,this shoe caught my eye.
B003LY4OSQ Excellent! These are brilliant shoes. Hands down the best running shoes I've ever owned. Light and quick. Sizes run as expected.
B003LY4VNO Excellent Karting Shoes I got these shoes for my son to replace his existing PUMA karting shoes.  He loves the design and I like the fact the dirt does not show up quite as readily and after five races they are pretty sturdy.
B003LY51Z6 great shoes I've been using these shoes for two months now. All in all, I'm completely satisfied with them. Not only are they comfortable, durable and practical, they are also really sleek. I like how the toe is round-shaped, and the little black thingy that holds shoelace gives a interesting vibe, making a black/white contrast.Though they are made as running shoes, I generally wear them as if they are sneakers. Maybe a little too athlethic-looking, but they work as sneakers just fine.
B003LY54SK Amazingly light and comfortable! These shoes are probably the best shoes I have ever had for working out. They weigh hardly anything, and it feels like I have no extra weight to carry when running and doing cardio. Some other shoes I have had in the past, even if they were light, felt like I had to drag them along as I ran, but these are wonderful. Definitely worth it!
B003MAJWCW Returned I returned these shoes because they were much bigger than I anticipated. I did like the colors though, they were subtle, but fun.
B003MAJWCW Cheap feeling These shoes were very cheap feeling. I didn't like the flatness of them. I didn't like the laces they were like ribbon. never wear them
B003MAJWCW Did not like look or sizing I did not like the look or style when they arrived in person. When I tried them on, they were huge and falling off my feet. Immediately returned.
B003MAJWCW Very commfortable shoes These women shoes have satified all the expectatives and commfort that the user was waiting for, the only thing i can say is that the shoes are made for all around terrains with a very high durability.
B003MAJWCW Like these Pumas I like this sneakers they are nice and light and not big and clunky like most of the others.  They look very nice on.
B003MAJWCW Wish Puma would expand this line of shoes My GF loves her new Pumas. She reports they fit well, are comfy as a running shoe, and stylish with many looks. She gets complements around the office all the time. They look good with more formal slacks (she does a lot of running around) as well as more casual jeans (for Fridays.) In place of &#34;Clarks&#34; (think nursing industry), these are by far, superior and more youthful.
B003MAJWCW I LIKE THIS SHOES I LIKE EVERYTHING OF THE SHOES, THE ORDER WAS EXACTLY THAT I WANT: I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS SHOP
B003MAJWCW Great shoes These shoes are awesome, I read where people said these shoes run small but thY didn't see to be the case for me. I find these shoes are comfortable and look great.
B003MAJZWO Awesome shoes I just got these shoes the other day in the Black/Gray/Pink colors. I wear a 6.5 and the fit is perfect and feels really comfortable...and I'm pretty picky about athletic shoes. The treads grip really well and the shoe feels light. The only thing to be aware of is that the color in the picture does not match the actual shoe. My gray shoes came out to be pretty dark compared to the lighter gray shown. But I still like the shoes, so no biggie. I've never bought Pumas before but I am happy with this purchase.
B003MAJZWO Disappointed Was looking for new running shoes and had another pair of pumas so I tried these. Very little ankle support when running and the shoes themselves are shorter than the usual shape of a sneaker. Try another pair. Wasn't for me.
B003R4ZMYK great shoes This shoes are really comfy, the finish is very cool, they are like walking in a cloud, i love this shows
B003R4ZNHG Good sneakers, however... I just loved this sneakers at first sight brown and orange great combination, love at first sight.After my first day using them has ended I have a few observations:This are really light sport shoes, they don't make the feet look fat, fit really close to the feet.The overall materials feels like plastic or gore-tex, though they breathe well enough at the gym and during the day.There is no tongue in the shoes, it is all just made of one piece, laces are more of a visual thing.My only doubt is if the plastic components will tear after heavy use as opposed to other materials.So in a nutshell, light, small sneakers that are quite comfortable, good for running and the gym and look really cool. Will they last? Only time will tell.
B003R4ZOKC Great for race day, not everyday. First let me say that at $38.00, this is a good bargain for Puma shoes. They have great construction and are very light, hence the 4 star rating. I would give a 5 star except for a couple of things. First, these shoes are narrow. I do not have wide feet, but these were a bit unbearable. Second, make sure you take a good look at the sole. The tread looks more like a race type. There are big gaps in between the treads. Great for grip on the track, but not so good for everyday running or wearing to work. I can see these only lasting a year tops for everyday use. Too bad Amazon does not have a free return policy for shoes like a lot of other shoe websites. I can't see a lot of customers actually going to the local shoe store and trying on the exact pair of shoes before purchasing them on Amazon to make sure they fit. Oh well, back to Amazon they go...less $10.00 for shipping.
B003R4ZV32 Sweet!!!! I received these shoes within 1 week after placing the order I was wrapped especially being on the other side of the world (Perth, Australia)I'm over the moon with my purchase! The shoes look amazing and feel so light it feels like you're not even wearing them!
B003R4ZVQY Made for women's feet By far the skinniest shoes I've ever encountered. Could not even put my foot in them. But hey they looked nice. Immediately returned them
B003RKVPQI Nice running tight I purchased these for running. I like them when running longer distances because they promote evaporation and I don't have drenched shorts after my run. They are quite comfortable. There is a small zip pocket in the back for holding keys, ID, and a credit card or cash.
B003RVNQ00 Good shoes for regular wear I like the style and comfort as a sneaker for general wear but I don't think I'd actually run in them as they seem a little unsupportive.
B003U6ZTK2 Fantastic shoes My girl and I love the shoes so much..it's look better than on picture. Fit exactly for my girl.. I will buy 1 more bigger size for her. So when shes grows up, she still wear those nice shoes.
B003UBTQJW The cutest crib shoes Our grandson has had 3 pairs of these. Every time he out grows a pair we get another because they are so cute. They are very soft shoes but well made. Perfect for an infant. Now he's on to the actual Drift Cat shoes with a sturdy sole as he is walking or should I say running.
B003ZJCEXO nice it is very nice it gave me a cool look and its worth every bit and i like track jackets
B003ZJCEXO Classic track jacket I'm pretty sure track jackets are the fashion of the future. It's like a lighter than a sweater, but keeps you warm like a jacket. Plenty of maneuverability in case you need to fight ninjas or run parkour. It looks exactly like it does in the picture and fits well, it does seem to stain fairly easily though.
B003ZW2FJO Too long Does not seem like a high quality material and further it was way to large. Felt too bulky for going to the gym or running in them. But, then again I may be too picky and you might like em.
B0042AN53S I love them so much The most comfy running shoes ever worn.I love it so much it feels like I am barefoot.They are very light and I love working out in them.. And Pink is just every girls choice so pretty and comfy what more do you need..
B0042ANINU Puma EL rey- get compliments all the time These shoes are great. I like them because they are unique. I actually wanted an older model that was brown and green but they were sold out. These ones almost look like a knitted sweater or something. They are super convenient and almost like wearing slippers. I wear an 11 in nike and a 10.5 in these just for a sizing reference.
B00439GBOS Nice shoes and look great. I really like this shoes and i bought it with good deal on amazon, the shoes have a nice design and comfortable to wear.
B00439GBOS Good looking shoes but not the best for running These are great shoes for walking, jogging, or working out. They are very comfortable and the design of the shoes is great! However, if you are looking for a new pair of running shoes I would not recommend them. They don't seem to have enough shock absorbing power while running.
B00439GCEM Perfect! I love the comfort of these shoes! They are great to wear with jeans and running errands. I am definetly going to buy more!
B00439GCEM cute and athletic Ordered these for my wife and she loves them.  She says: as regular everyday walking shoes they're comfortable.  As for sizing, she sometimes takes an 8.5 in some brands, but size 8 fits perfectly (snugly).  They have a little bit of the ballet slipper look because they're basically flat.  Cute.  Definitely girly sneakers, unlike her Reebok/Nike running shoes, which look like my sneakers.
B00439GCEM You can't go wrong with PUMA I ordered these shoes in black to look dressy for my trip to Washington, where I did a lot of walking.  They are very comfortable shoes and very roomy.  The only thing I do not like very much about the shoe is that the stripes on the side have plastic over them.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend these shoes.
B00439GCEM Exactly what I was looking for I haven't worn these often, but from what I have worn of them- I really like them!They are not bulky, so they don't look like other awkward running shoes.Great for when you want to wear socks (and you therefore can't fit into your regular flats) :)I personally got water-proof spray for them, though because they are suade and would probably get ruined in the rain.
B00439GCEM Puma Women's Shoes These shoes are not easy to find, so I was so happy to find them on Amazon.  The color of these shows are beautiful, a nice dark grey.  They are a comfortable walking shoe.  Very happy with these shoes.  These are a great looking shoes.
B0049H8VZQ Wrong picture Do not look at the picture. Socks are long white and very thick. Customer service was not helpful sending me the replacement but same socks while I asked them for refund after I realized that the product is correct but the picture is wrong. Still looking for thin short sock for my son.
B0049J57OM They work well for changing my running form from more heal-strike to forefoot strike. Gives good proprioception for foot. When working on improving running form foot-strike patterns are difficult to perceive with conventional densely padded running shoes. With its lighter style and lessened heal to toe declination I get better feedback on just where the four corners of my foot landing occurs and allows perceptible micro-adjustments.I am also using it as a bridge to a full minimalist running shoe. I think they'd also be good just to walk around in.
B0049J57OM Super Light These shoes are super light and comfortable. They hold up well when running on a treadmill in the gym. However if you are doing a lot of road running I would recommend shoes with a lot more cushioning than these shoes have. I like thinner soles in running shoes as they work better for me......but I think this is more of a gym or treadmill running shoe more than a road running shoe which is really what I needed. So its a great shoe for running in the gym....it does the job well....but look elsewhere if you are running on roads. Pay attention to shoe length when purchasing Puma as they run small. You will have to order at least a size up for a proper fit
B0049J57OM Glad I got these I was on the fence between these and a pair of NB, but I am definitely glad I went with these. They fit great, and are some of the lightest running shoes I have ever had the pleasure to run in. For those trying to decide on a great running shoe, this is the pair. ]-Beware that these are running flats and will not offer support like a traditional running show will. These are MINIMALIST shoes, and should not be used by beginner runners, trail runners, or anyone not running on hard pavement.
B0049J57OM Surprised I run about 20 miles a week, so I'm a moderate runner.  I've always worn the typical Nike-type running shoes until I read a review of these shoes on runnersworld.  I'm hooked.  They have great support and weigh very little.  Feels like I've lost a pound on each foot.I was looking into the fad of barefoot shoes.  This may be a great middle-ground.
B0049J57OM Absolute best running shoes I've ever used. These are the absolute best road running shoes I've ever used. They are very very light, give you a great feel for the road, but you dont feel like you're barefoot. I love the old school look, but feel like I'm running in a hi-tech shoe. They are also very stylish. I get tons of looks and compliments both when walking and running. The green definitely stands out while I run. Lovely ladies run by and smile.
B004DSNUSO nice shoes I love these shoes. Nothing like them in any store in Atlanta! I get plenty of compliments on these shoes! Got them quick! Thanks!
B004DSTPFG VERY CONFORTABLE They are very comfortable. NO WEIGH, RUNNING SHOES ARE EXCELLENT.The colors are not very noteworthy. THE BOTTOM OF THE SLIDE SHOE DO NOT ALLOW A DAY WHEN WET OR DAMPWorth the money..!!I highly recommend them.
B004GB0S6U Very good !! To me these shoes is a good choice. I use it when I was training and also during races, and was very confortable. Its heavier than other shoes, but these are using for trial running.
B004GB0S6U They're OK. Don't Like it's Sole Pretty stylish and comfortable. Seem kind of squishy with less support than I'm used to with Asics.The sole has deep creases on the ball of the foot (guess it's supposed to help shoe flexibility) which decrease surface area contact with the ground when running on hard surfaces. I feel like the shoes don't grip the ground when sprinting. Like I'm slipping. I'm a bit disappointed.UPDATE (3 months use): These are strictly trail shoes. They are NOT made for running on flat, wet surfaces; Like running on ice or snow. Terrible.BUT, when running on grass or rough trail, they do well. They remind me of the old football cleats; made for the field, but try running on asphalt with football cleats. That's what these Puma's are like in wet weather.If buying for field or dirt trail running; go for it. If buying for casual jogging on hard surfaces in all weather; avoid.
B004GB0S6U PUMA Nightfox TR These running shoes are nothing short of amazing. Actually, I think that they look much better in reality then in a website. Great product!
B004GB0U6S cute, no support I like these shoes because they are simple and casual.  I wear an 8.5 M and have a narrow foot.  these ran a little small but stretched as they are leather.  The soles have enough tread for light duty but not running.  After walking on concrete awhile, i felt like i needed some support.  I keep them to run errands in and like the causal look
B004GB0U6S Puma They are very comfortable, lightweight, and I really like the style. I use these shoes for running and the long walks between classes at school.
B004GB0XVA Love these shoes! These are very comfortable, lightweight shoes. I like the suede-like look of the black material over the shiny vinyl look of most athletic shoes. I wear these to work with toddlers all day and they're comfortable. I also wore them hiking once, though I wouldn't recommend that, my feet were slipping around in them a bit on the uneven ground and I stained the white portions with dirt but that's my fault. I ordered a 7.5 but I probably could have gone with a 7 (I wear anything from 7-7.5 so I never know when ordering shoes online) because they're a bit long for my feet and I have some extra room inside but not such a problem that I returned them.
B004GB0XVA Great driving shoes for off the track The thin soles are because they are based off real driving shoes, as the description suggests. Hence why they have to say they are not flame-proof as, for example, a pair of G-force race shoes would be. Some people mistakenly think they are track safe and show up with pumas only to end up having to buy properly rated shoes from track vendors. We use them when driving autocrosses and other casual driving events. The thin soles are fine for a couple course walk throughs, but I wouldn't recommend them for workers running cones or standing for any length of time; bring an extra pair of shoes for that.
B004GB0XZ6 Love them! These are exactly what I was wanting to work out. They look exactly like the picture, comfortable, and great for running. I would recommend. Not waterproof at all tho :D
B004GB0XZ6 only three because of colors The thing is.. These shoes are very comfortable! I would like to rate them four or five, but I have a reason not to.First I ordered "White/Silver/Fluorescent Pink" shoes and I already felt like what you get is much brighter than shown on the picture, so I was a little disappointed. I was looking like a a Barbie doll, wearing those shoes. So I decided to use them only for workouts, when not many people see me and never for daily purposes.As I liked how they fit, I thought it was just a matter of one color, another option could be better, I thought, so a few months later I ordered this exact model again, but in "White/Silver/Hawaiian Ocean/Medieval Blue".And I got some crazy unexpected color layout again! Too bright and somewhat aggressive looking, no pleasure to wear in the everyday life, just as it was the case for the first pair. And again, not like on the picture.I have to say, I am a big fan of Puma shoes in general and they are usually rather hard to find in stores, so I shop then online. My favorite so far is "PUMA Women's Complete Vectana 2 Running Sneaker", I had it in blue and in violet (the violet doesn't seem to be available anymore) - those colors are calm and balanced, look decent everywhere.Both these shoes and the other I have mentioned are very comfortable, I shopped online and never had to return any of them - they fit 100%, just out of the box. I use them for both running and simply going to work.
B004GB10LC Great Sneakers I use these shoes for everything from running around the track to running errands:-)  Very comfy!  I recommend them to anyone.
B004GB11H0 Durable & Stylish Overall, these shoes are great! They're worth every cent.I normally get 9.5 shoes, but for these shoes I ordered a 10 because other reviews mentioned they were narrow. The 10 worked out perfectly for me.Also, these shoes are very light! I own other Puma shoes, and I've got to say, these ones in particular are like feathers. Don't let the weight fool you though; the heels on these shoes are solid.
B004GB11O8 Nice Shoes I really like this shoes, they are suitable for many occasions and they are very comfortable. Great product, I recommend it.
B004GB11O8 Uncomfortable and not worth the price I am a sneaker head and I own over 20 pairs of shoes. I bought this shoe because I wanted something that was cheap, fashionable, and comfortable.To start off, the shoes came with puma's recycled materials which was a neat idea, but you find a lot of difficulty trying to pull the cover off the box as well as putting it back on. It's well fitted and you find yourself using more time needed to put your shoes back into the box properlyIT IS NOT COMFORTABLE AT ALL! Mark my words when you decide to purchase this. They say the tounge is padded but you can't even feel the difference. It's flimsy and also way too long. When I hear the shoes, the tounge is so long that it pushes against shin/ankle area and the irritation is unbearable. The tounge was very stiff and it made me not want to wear it after I tried it on for the first time. The leather that made up the shoe, as well as the shoe laces looked like it was made form really cheap materials and it just didn't have that authentic feeling when I was holding it in my hands.The pictures on amazon made this shoe look amazing which pushed me to buy it but when I had it in person, it just didn't meet my expectations. This is the type of shoe that is left in my closet to collect dust. I hope this review helps.
B004GB1242 Puma shoes greate shoes super light, very confortable, greate look i love this shoes, the only bad think about this shoes is this dosen't have a good ventilation sistem, but for my is fine becouse i live in a cool city
B004GB1242 super hero shoes these are some dope captain america lookin' shoes. seriously though everyone tells me they look like captain americas shoes but I am my own person!
B004GB1242 Nice Shoes I like these shoes they are very comfortable and stylish. Only problem I have with them is that they make my feet sweat.
B004GB1242 Blue is the new black. Shoes fit great as I ordered them. They feel great and feel good while running while not giving you too much cushion which bothers me sometimes. I like to feel the road. The only thing that is weird with these is that if your walking on a wet surface like smooth concrete or tile it feels super slippery due to the rubber treads on the bottom.
B004GB1242 shoes Great comfortable shoes they are made of great material seems like they will last they are very light as well
B004GB1242 Great shoes. I looked for shoes for MONTHS. Having a size 14 foot is a hassle. I looked for shoes that were comfortable and couldn't find them. Look no more, these are the shoes for you.
B004GB1242 Great and comfy Fits to true size. Very comfortable. They do fit snug but I like that.Do not buy these for running. These are nice looking everyday walking shoes and nothing more.
B004GB1242 very comfortable these are my favorite pair of shoes, currently.i really like the feel of these shoes. they have a squishy insole that conforms to your feel similar to memory foam but more responsive than memory foam. every step taken almost feels like walking on a pocket of air (how nike shoes LOOK like they SHOULD feel). i dont know how long the feeling will last but i purchased these on june 6th, have only worn them sparingly, but they still feel great. i dont know if the insoles are glued and/or sewn onto the shoe, but the soles are NOT readily removable. when the insoles wear out, it may not allow for replacement insoles. adding an insole on top of the existing will work, but it wont look nice because it will make the shoes look like they're in the verge of bursting.the shoes are very light, and really hug the feet. if you wear loose fitting jeans, like myself, you may have a problem with stepping on your jeans. i have to use safety pins for my jeans.i bought a black and grey pair so i dont have to worry about dye transfer from my jeans or wearing them out in bad weather, as some other reviewers have stated.
B004GB1242 Ebony/Cordovan/Gray/Violet Just got the Ebony/Cordovan/Gray/VioletIn the picture the gray area looks pretty much white although when you get the shows the ray is really a silver gray color, I personally liked the way the white looks so dont be misled these shoes are super light weight and comfortable for me who has size 14 feet and extra wide. I kept the shoes even though they don't look like the one in the picture they still don't look bad.4/5: Due to misleading picture
B004GB1242 Brand new to running I purchased the Puma Whirlwinds for a number of reasons. I had never run before and I was very interested in trying the sport and hopefully whipping myself into shape for the last two thirds of my life. I chose this shoe because it had a classic stylish look unlike the other 99% of running shoes. You know, the ones that look like an amusement park was magically condensed and formed into a sneaker. The Puma Whirlwind was also about $80 dollars cheaper than those competitors. I figured that since I may not be into this whole running idea after my first go at it, I better stick to something less than a car payment. And with this shoe, if the running didn't pan out, I knew I could grab a boom-box and a piece of cardboard and become a break-dance champion. Well, here I am a month later still running, and wheezing, my way toward a more healthy me. I believe this shoe has made all the difference. It's lightweight yet feels very stable on my feet. The traction is wonderful on all types of terrain that I have run through... pavement, mud, puddles, and some wooded areas. I would definitely recommend the Puma to anybody starting out with this insane idea of exercise because if it can do the trick for me, it will certainly do it for you. And if it doesn't work out for you, I'll see you on the cardboard!
B004GB1242 Puma Men's Whirlwind lassic sneaker 9D US Thought these might make good low cost runners, too lightweight for that, not enough sole there.  They seem to run a bit small so I can't add inserts either.  Well made it seems, I like the partial leather upper toe area, the material they use in the toe area now always wears out from my experience.  These were inexpensive, will make good in house shoes, not good for running though.
B004GB1242 Great looking shoes These are typical Puma shoes. They fit like almost every other Puma - They're snug, but not tight. It's like wearing compression socks, but without them being uncomfortable. Puma's to my feet have the perfect amount of cushion as well. And for the price that I obtained these for, they were a steal (love Amazon!). Finally, the color is pretty darned close to the pictures - REALLY bright blue and very white. The Puma swoop is a leathery type material, so it's a bit washable, but the rest of the white areas will most likely be an issue to keep clean.
B004GB1242 Nice shoes at a very reasonable price These will be my knock around and light running shoes.  They seem to be perfect for that.  Haven't had PUMAs in a while!
B004GB1242 PUMA sneaker that fits like a glove for your feet This PUMA sneaker one of my favorites. It is well made. Big upside is how comfortable this sneaker is. Feels like it hugs your feet. I sent a few out as gifts to friends and we all agree very cool look with real comfort.
B004GB1242 Great Shoe! I really like the classic look of these Pumas, they are light and comfortable.  I usually wear an 11 but a 10.5 would have fit me better in this particular shoe.  I have been running on gravel surface with these  (can do, not recommended) but I feel they are more suited to a track, road, treadmill.  You can't go wrong with the "Whirlwind Classic", comfortable, light, airy, and looks good even if you are not planning on running in them.
B004GB14HM Awesome I have worn a lot of shoes these are like im not even wearing them. Lightweight and stylish. Love the colors and they are quite warm. Like im wearing sock wherever i go.
B004GB18FK Puma Voltaic Comfort and style, what is not to like with these shoes.  Great for people who are on their feet all day and who need to move around.
B004GB195E Neat shoes, great price. I bought this shoes in red, and they look so cool!. You just need to be aware that this are meant more for fashion than for sports, they are comfortable but not so much as for walking long distances (the sole is thin).I love them, they make me feel like a modern time Dorothy.
B004GB195E I like them! These shoes are very nice, they are exactly as they look in the picture...I have to say though that I found them to be a little bit uncomfortable on the back, but nothing terrible and can be easily solved by wearing a band aid.
B004GB1A8U WORTH THE PRICE I love these shoes, I've owned them for almost a year now. They are super comfortable and my regular size fits perfectly.  I didn't give them 5 stars because they do not look like the picture.  The shoes are much darker gray than this.  They're still nice looking, I just wasn't expecting to see them so dark when I opened the box. Overall, they hold up great and they're super comfy.
B004GB1B9I Not quite like the previous Puma Vectana Was looking for a running shoe to replace my last pair of Pumas but these were too small and didn't fit quite the same. Seemed to be good quality otherwise, arrived on time, etc.
B004GB1BEI Good Shoes I love the color (orange) of the shoes. It's very light weight and comfortable. I was just surprised by how thin the mesh is in the front of the shoes. So, you can definitely feel a breeze in your feet when there's a wind. Very weird feeling So, I wouldn't recommend this for winter running outside. This aerated shoes would be better during summer.
B004GB1BEI Great running shoes.. I just love Puma's design a lot. I bought Puma's other sneakers before but just never tried running shoes before. This shoes are so comfortable n the great pink color motivates me to run everyday !! : )
B004GB1CH4 Good buy Just purchased this pair of running shoes. My feet work better when the soles are a bit thinner so Pumas work for me. When I got the shoes at first I thought even for me the soles were a bit thin.....but I ran in them without a problem. I run about 20 miles a week and these shoes have held up well so far....better than I expected. They are also super light......which made it even better for me. Overall....it was a good buy. Just remember to look at the shoe length carefully so that you order the right size as Puma runs small. I am a female that usually wears 6.5 in men's shoes. In Puma.....I have to order a full size up...hence a 7.5....however, when the shoe is properly sized, its perfect. It has surpassed my expectations for road running. This has now become my favorite pair of running shoes.....good balance between being super light but providing adequate cushioning. In the gym on the softer treadmill surface...perfect. Ended up having to give it a five star rating after about 2 months of use
B004GB1CN8 cute and comfy i bought these shoes online while i was deployed to afghanistan because i thought my PT uniform needed a little flair. they are super cute and made my feet look like bullets. the material is very thin, so they also breathe really well. the only complaint i had was that they force my feet into slight eversion (the outside has higher cushioning than the arch). this did not affect the comfort--they are quite comfy.
B004GB1CXI Puma shoe, Sleek, Stylish + Sexy This shoe looks exactly like it does in the picture. Same color, same thickness etc. You dont have to worry about it being a different color when it arrives. The shoe is very light, and very comfortable , its also very thin and does not have any padding on the inside like other shoes do. The sole is very thin and very flexible. The sole is only 1/4 thick and not like other shoes that have 1 or 2 inches of thick ugly heavy plastic sole. The suede is very fine and it is NOT grainy and thick like other shoes are.I bought these shoes for running and for the gym. But i found out these are NOT for running and they are actually for motorsports like riding a motorcycle or a race car. If you try running in these you will feel EVERY single little rock you step on and its basacilly like running in your feet. They are ok for for casual dress shoes or to go to the gym withThe negatives about this shoe is it is very narrow. If you plan to buy this shoe then it is MANDATORY that you buy HALF a size bigger. Or alse it will feel tight and feel like you are wearing a womans pointy heels. The other negative is they scuff and get dirty easily. These are not like leather shoes that you can wipe with a wet rag. You have to clean with a brush to get into the seude. Besides that  they are pretty solid shoes. Ive tried to wear these shoes down at the gym and they just wont wear out. The material remains tight and sole refuses to wear down. Ive had many Nikes and the sole always wears down easy and the air they have escapes feeling like a flat tire. Pretty cool shoes
B004GEAPBU good shoes I'll be honest I'm not an avid runner, but after only having these shoes for about a week I ran a 5k in them and love them.  They have very supportive soles and I think they are very comfortable.  They are a little on the heavier side as far as running shoes go.  But they are great.  I also have to say I do like the options as far as design and colors go, but that's the girl in me talking ;-) I would deffinately reccomend these shoes, maybe not for the marathon runner but for average training with the occasional 5-10k these work great!
B004GEAPBU Nightfox This was a great purchase; the shoes fit awesomely and soooo comfortable; very light. Once you put them on it feels like the shoe is hugging your foot. i recommend this shoes to whoever wants to feel comfort while walking or running.
B004GEAW8G my kid like it It is a nice pattern  and my daughter like the design, happy and looking for more deals like this. hope to buy some more
B004GEAXO4 Great Looks juts like a grown up shoe.  Beautiful quality.  Looks just like the picture.  Size is perfect and easy to get onhis feet.  I will be ordering more of the larger sizes as he needs it.
B004GNQIOE solid Shoe is a little bulky for a running shoe. Would be better suited in a cold weather climate. Running in 110 degrees doesn't allow much breathing so feet get a little hot, otherwise very solid running shoes. Looks better that I thought. Nice and soft on feet and holds up well on off road trails and tracks.
B004IWRZI6 Do not buy these! These shorts are made of the thinest cheapest material known to man! The are so cheaply made, they should not even be able to sell them! The one star is because there was no option for zero!
B004IZLG74 Good Not the best option, it looks to soft, god for running but to light gor the gym, so I will keep looking for other
B004J4X4OM Great Training Cleat! This is a great training soccer cleat to kick a ball around with for a while. The material is not too crazy amazing, I mean you get what you pay for. Higher quality shoes will have their price, but if you are looking for something to take on the field for training matches, running and the like it will not let you down.
B004J4X5WS Love 'em! This is my favorite shoe for every-day wear. They're light, breathable, comfortable and they look okay with normal clothes (unlike most running shoes, IMO)
B004J4X5WS Not really as expected I didn't realize mesh meant that you could see through the shoes.  It's probably well known and my mistake.  The only way to have the shoes look like they do in the pic is to wear black socks. Anyway, there you have it.
B004J4X5WS great! most comfortable running shoes i've ever owned. not too great to run on dirt with because they're porous... but other than that running on pavement is great because so little sweat. actually no sweat. love them.
B004J4X6LI Not the best... I ordered these shoes because they looked super cool and have the words "running sneaker" in their name. Upon arrival, these shoes did look super cool in real life. The material on the upper part of the shoe is actually mesh, which is really nice for running - you get a great breeze on your foot. However, the back of the shoe is cut very high and absolutely ripped my heels to shreds. So much so that I bled through my socks, all over the shoes. I haven't used them again because after it took my heels two weeks to heal, I was scared to rip them open again. And I can't return them because they're stained with blood. I bought them for running, and don't know that I'll ever use them a second time.
B004J4XGRW Love them! I've had these gym shoes for almost a year and I still love them.  I wear them to the gym, not running, so they are perfect for my needs.
B004J4XHBM Great Shoes The shoes are super cute and comfortable. They were exactly what they looked like online. Very happy with them and they were here very qucikly!
B004J4XHMQ Great shoes! Received them on time, great quality and great shoes. Very good looking and comfortable. Perfect walking/running shoes. Go for it!
B004J4XHMQ Darker colors I liked the colors of the grey violet/ viridian green shoe as they appeared in the picture online however, when I received them the colors were much darker than shown in the picture. The grey is much darker than shown and the viridian green is a dark teal. Other than the colors this is a good shoe. They fit nice and feel great. I returned these and ordered a different color.
B004J4XNNO Wow, I love them! Got these today as a gift. They are SO COMFORTABLE!!! You can dress them up to look professional, or even go running in them. Best shoes I've owned in a long time.
B004J4XNNO Great casual shoes! I had been looking for something just like this for my trip to London last year. Could not find anything like them at all and settled for something else.  They look and fit great -- even had a compliment from my SOL.
B004J4XNNO Stays on my heels I like the trendy look of these flats. The shoes fit to my size and the material seems to be durable.
B004J4XNNO Comfortable, casual sport shoes They are comfortable, casual shoes, nice for going for a walk. Front of he shoe is wide enough that your fingers are not squeezed. This model is running true to size. I could give 4 stars but there is nothing extra special about them - just comfortable, good casual shoes. If you need a pair like this go for it.
B004J4XNNO Love these shoes! Comfort of a sneaker with the look of a casual shoe. This is my second pair; I've worn them walking full days in DC and NYC...and during extended travels to Europe. They've never failed me; they're totally comfortable without having  me look  like an accidental tourist!
B004J4XO5Q cute shoes cute shoes but, i feel like i've only worn them a few months and they look very old and used up now.. i don't run that much i am sure it was because i ran with them, and i guess that is not their main usage purpose.
B004J4XO5Q LOVE these shoes I love PUMAs! I have wide-ish feet, and I love that these shoes make them look narrower. They are not really a running shoe, however, but are great for walking and not extreme exercising. They are super comfy and the size was just right!
B004J4XTC4 Do Not Buy These Shoes! That orange spongy looking material in the sole of these shoes is not what you think it is. It is made of thick hard plastic. Running in these shoes is like running in a pair of women's wedges.
B004JF5R1Y Fast and Exact I have always been pretty iffy about buying shoes online because when orders come home they do not look like what it was suppose to.  Not in this the shoes were the one i ordered so kudos!
B004JF5RP0 Amazing shoes I bought this pair for my toddler and she loves them. They look very stylish, are sturdy, extremely comfortable and look just like they do in the pictures!I definitely recomment these!!
B004K00GLE JMieses's review My son like so much this soccer shoes!!; he feel confortable and the shoes looks very nice!; Puma allways made good products
B004KP726G Ultralight running shoes Light, supportive, and I am significantly faster on these shoes than my previous set. What's not to love? Also, the blue/red combo is very good to look at.
B004KP726G Great shoe! These shoes look great!  I train parkour and free running so I look for a durable shoe that is light and feels great.these shoes are designed well and would be great for casual wear, running/jogging, or flipping and climbing on low or high obstacles!Love the black/white/green scheme too!
B004KP726G Great! These are some great running shoes. I like to do a circuit with 2 miles of running several times a week. It had really nice cushioning & made my runs comfortable. My feet didn't roll in the shoes. The bright color got a lot of comments. They got called my Captain America shoes. The foam inside lasted a long time almost 2 years of wear on nearly daily runs and long outdoor casual walks. I would definitely purchase these again. This is a high quality running shoe!
B004KP726G Great Value and husband likes My husband has been wearing these for running and seems to really like them.  He is a big guy and does a variety of road and trail running. Price was right.
B004KP726G Great tennis shoes I got my puma faas 500 for running a few weeks ago..are very comfortable ,so lightly and good looking tennis shoes...
B004KP726G Great shoes! I found these shoes to fit true to size. They were also very comfortable. I have used these shoes for running/walking, working out, and casually. The look great and live up to the billing. Look up the reviews on Youtube if you are looking to buy.
B004KP73OC If you buy them for running... So I bought these shoes for my normal gym work out which includes either biking or an eliptical and I thought they were very comfortable. However, I just started training for a 5K and running with these shoes was a little rougher than I anticipated. Although they are light weight, I could feel the impact when I ran. That said, I bought new gel inserts for $20 and now I have no issues. Just something to consider.
B004KP73OC So-so These shoes are very light, and good for running in that sense. However, the downside to that is they likely will not last very long. I have had them for over 4 months and the tread on the bottom is already worn pretty thin. If you're looking for a running shoe that will last, I don't think this is it. Yet, they are very still comfortable and fun to run in because they are lightweight.
B004KP73OC Comfortable shoes Comfy shoes, nice colors, good for running and walking, just as described. I am happy with this purchase and I recommend it to other people needing good exercise shoes.
B004LC3UIW I love these shoes! I like the retro look of these golf shoes.  I wear them everywhere I go, not just to the golf course.The are comfortable and stylish.  I get a lot of comments like, "Cool, where'd you get those?" There are no negativesto these shoes.  They feel like great tennis shoes on your feet.
B004M6DA32 Like it Only complaint is that maybe the backlight could be brighter but love the fit, very comfortable.  Material quality and would like to see it in other colors.
B004MF8ITO My favorite golf shoes I absolutely love these golf shoes!! They look like regular gym shoes instead of golf shoes, which I love and they are super stylish. I love the pink laces and they are super comfortable. They are true to size and very breathable shoes. Would highly recommend for any woman golfer!!
B004MF8KW4 great shoe i've had these shoes about a year now and i really like them. i have played many rounds of golf with them and they are incredibly comfortableand still look like new. they use a special kind of soft sspike which you can buy here at Amazon but overall i would definately recommend them . they look kind of cool as well!!
B004R6EOUK These shoes are fun--lived up to "Dazzling Blue" name Everybody comments on these shoes--how comfortable they look.  This is my second pair--so obviously I like them, too!  Bright colors and fit comfortably and well.  True to size.
B004RQ30QE OKAY NOT GREAT This one doesnot look as good as other Puma shoes i have bought. Didnt bother to return but i dont like the leatherette look of the sneaker, I should have gotten the suede, in blue instead. Just ok.
B004SUANZU Good I like the tennis shoes really good I like the classic and this is one of the best of puma I really soft
B004SWY5UC these shoes are really nice, I like them because my wife and the material is very nice I think are the best shoes she has and th these shoes are really nice, I like them because my wife and the material is very nice I think are the best shoes she has and that it has enough recommend them
B004T9HRAY its a light wight shose i really like it from a first look i like it and wished to wear it. and when i got it i felt the same thing when i saw it, i advice everyone to have this shoes.
B004TP4OCM Nice looking shoes These shoes fitted well, but maybe I could have gone up a size if I was using them for running shoes. I purchased them for the casual environment I work in and they're perfect. I love the style and colour which I think is even better than shown in the photo.
B004VL520W Real looks less than picture Picture looked nice. So were reviews here. Real item was less than how it appeared in picture. Low quality materials. Not sturdy. Proportionate to price, but less than what it should have been.
B004W2C7BC Very light, not suitable for running These shoes look nice, but I did not find them comfortable for running. They lack support on the sides of your feet, ankles and the soles don't really have a lot of cushion. They are good for wearing with casual clothes and to just to walk around. I'm 6'2, 200 lbs which is pretty average, but these shoes don't provide support like other shoes I've owned. But my other shoes are a little heavier, these shoes feel like socks.
B004WLEF6S Love it! Good quality, awesome shoes. If you planning to buy one DO IT! Looks just like on the picture and you can always trust PUMA.
B004XD0TLU - From the picture seemed to be more beautiful, thought it was a blue bracelet stronger and appears to be old, like it is used.
B004Z0G6QS Not a good idea. These running shoes offered no support.  They were made very inexpensively. They do not look like the picture, as the material is flimsy. I returned them.
B004ZIP4U4 Great shoes Just got my first pumas. Super comfortable, and they look good with shorts, as many running shoes do not. Like the way the tongue is part of the shoes not separate, so it does not move around. Many compliments on how they look, a good buy, highly recommended.
B004ZIP4U4 Feels great, looks weird. Bought these shoes because I was looking for a cross trainer with a stable base for squatting, cleans, etc. I like the feel of the shoe (feels great running and I like how it's got a sock-like fit). The only downside is that the shoe is REALLY wide looking. The side view is nice, but I was told by a buddy that it looks like I have "Smurf Feet"; whatever that means.
B004ZIP4U4 too heavy and wide definitely can not be used for anything other than ....hmmm can't think of anything because there isn't enough ankle support for cross training...they are way too heavy and inflexible for running and as far as just everyday wear they look like boats. the picture makes them look like they curve in with the shape of the foot but its an optical illusion created by the stripe. the are basically square. they are super stiff so when you walk they don't bend with your foot well.
B004ZIP5GW Great comfort, great design.  Awesome shoe. I've been an active short and long-distance runner for several years, and I have many good running shoes.  But, nothing beats this newly acquired shoe of great comfort and shnazzy design and color.  Great comfort running and great look and comfort walking here and there.  The price is right!I will buying another pair immediately.AJK
B004ZIP5GW For walking or running !! Love the shoes and fits well. Very comfortable even for 8 to 10 hours of walking or exercises with no stress to my feet .
B004ZIP5GW Great shoes! These shoes are incredibly comfortable. It's a snug fit, which I like because it feels like there's more support. Ad long as you don't have wide feet, this is a great product!
B004ZIP5GW Most Comfortable Running Shoes Ever I don't think I've encountered a more comfortable running shoe.  They're light, airy, and I love the tongue design which eliminates the discomfort I get from most laced shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Ok to use When I bought the product, this said it was a running shoe which is not at all,they are super heavy, the toe area is extra wide.also, be careful to read the color, I mistakenly went with the color on the picture which seemed white to me, but they are dark grey, not at all like the picture.anyway, they can be used to go to the gym and work out upper body, they look nice, but if your intention is to run or do something with agility in your feet, forget it.
B004ZIP5GW Great Shoe For Everyday Life I have had these shoes for 2 years now and they have been put to the test. From hiking the mountains of Germany, to running on a treadmill at the gym. These shoes have seen it all and have performed exquisitely. I have not had a single problem with these shoes and will keep buying Puma's for the rest of my life.
B004ZIP5GW Puma sneaks Been looking for running shoes for a long time. Had some Nike Shox I loved but have had them for 5+yrs. finally found the Pumas. Specifically looking for running shoes with no tongue or attached tongue like my Shox. Shoe fit great. Comfortable, light, great support. Very happy.
B004ZIP5GW Awesome lightweight running shoes! I got these for my son in black. He loves them, and says they feel light on his feet - excellent for running.
B004ZIP5GW i hate this shoes i receiced this running shoe fight on time .When i try it on,it fits nice and tight but wnen i run ,it felt like you run on concrete on your bare feet,unendurable.that why i gave it a 1 star.It should not be called a running shoes,or even a walking shoes.
B004ZIP5GW nice shoes well the width is tight for my feet, but otherwise the shoes are great.  Use for walking or running.how many more words do we need.
B004ZIP5GW Beautiful Shoe The purchasing experience was greatI purchased these shoes on sale, so i feel like i stole them hahaI will buy shoes from here again
B004ZIP5GW first running shoe This was my first running shoe purchase. I am a first time runner and i didnt want to invest in an expensive pair if I didnt commit to running long term  I must say that these are very comfortable and seem to hold up to continued abuse. I will stick with puma in the future
B004ZIP5GW They've got sole! I run OVER 40 miles a week, not including walking, and these shoes have lasted me longer than any other running shoe I've owned! The colors are a bit crazy and the weirder they are they cheaper they run on Amazon just FYI. They feel great, they breath well, and like I said they last quite a while! I'll definitely be buying more of these in the future!
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable+Cushy - It slips off. = 3/5 To start. These are my 2nd pair of Pumas I've ever owned. All running shoes.I love Puma, the quality is always there, but performance from the product isn't.I bought these shoes to rotate with my other pair of running shoes. The only problem I have with these shoes, is that they aren't meant for sprinting or 40 yard dashes.When I was trying to perform running exercises, these Pumas would not stay on. They kept slipping off and I had retied the laces before running. I didn't just slip them on like flip flops either.The back heel is the problem with this shoe. Every time I pushed off the ground hard to sprint, these shoes would cause my heel to come out and the shoe would hang off the front of my feet. If I wanted to sprint in these shoes, I would need to duck tape them.These shoes are great, they are meant for distance running and jogging. BUT THEY ARE NOT MEANT FOR FAST SPRINTS OR DASHES.  If anything... This should be categorized as a walking shoe, not a running shoe... because when you run, I think of fast. I don't think about my shoe falling off because I'm running so hard because I'm wearing a shoe that was labeled, "Running shoe". That or this shoe has some mechanical issues Puma should consider about for their next series. The shoe does hang low around the ankles, so might be the reason why I have a problem doing sprints in these.Note: I was running on dry grass, not wet surfaces or hard concrete.
B004ZIP5GW On behalf of my husband - amazing shoes! My husband does recreational running and on his feet at work all day, and only has skating shoes. So I got him these running shoes because everyone says how light and cushion-y they are, yet provide good support. Indeed they are all these things! He says he can tell a big difference when he gets off work - his feet don't scream, like they used to from flat skating shoes. My husband also loves the lightness of them for running. Both the design and the colors are chic without too much fanciness. I got him black for practical purposes and feared that the shoes would look boring, but they look very nice in real life! The white stripes on the sides are reflective, so great for running in the dark. I think these are perfect shoes. Overall, amazing quality product and amazing price!!!
B004ZIP5GW Nice Look These shoes have a nice look. They are a bit heavier than I expected. If that is something that concerns you look at the weight of the shoe. Overall very comfortable for running.
B004ZIP5GW Lightweight and comfortable These shoes are a great fit for me. They're  lightweight, provides a snug fit and are very comfortable. I haven't used that many running shoes (only a couple of Nikes) but I like these ones the most. I use them for running on the treadmill about 2-4 times a week and I'm happy with them so far.
B004ZIP5GW Not what it looks like The design looks great so I bought them. When I received them they looked good then I tried them on. They are like large slippers. There is no reason to have the shoe lacies at all and the walls of the shoe are shorter than they look so it makes you foot look fat. If you like that type of thing then I would recommend these shoes. They did have great cusioning.
B004ZIP5GW super comfortable Amazon had these shoes on sale for $42.00 so I thought I would try them. These shoes are my favorite shoes for running. Before these I only wore nike air max for running , but I am now a puma convert. Awesome shoes for a good price. And the color schemes look great
B004ZIP5GW running shoes Puma are my favorite brand of shies for casual and running, I just love their look. These shoes are comfy and are pretty light the only thing I don't like is there is no tongue to the shoe so you have to squeeze your foot in but once their on they fit well. Pumas run small so also I'd order a half size up :)
B004ZIP5GW Comfortable and airy.. I loved these shoes. I use them mainly for both running and the gym(indoor running). They are extremely comfortable an there is no tongue which is very nice. It really just hugs your foot. It also breaths very well so your feet feel wind and things like that as well. I would recommend them for running and basic gym but probably not cross fit. They are very flexible and light for running but i think cross fit might cause a tear..
B004ZIP5GW The best athletic shoes ever I've been wearing the voltaic for over 3 years and will continue. They are perfect for running, training and working out. They very comfortable, true to size and durable. I recommend these shoes to my friends.
B004ZIP5GW not the best, but great price these shoes have amazing colors but the style/shape or the shoe is very bad. they look like boats no curves. they look cheap, and you can see some glue.
B004ZIP5GW Puma Voltaic 3 - Don't Buy It - Major Design Flaw! This could be a nice sneaker - if it didn't have a major design flaw that makes purchasing it a big mistake. The "tongue" of the sneaker is fixed/fused so you must put it on sort of like a slip-on loafer. However, the top edge of the backing that your heel must slide over to do this is too flimsy and soft. It folds and crumples behind your heel after insertion and it is quite difficult to "unsmooth" the material and get your foot to comfortably fit in right. This happens every time and it is very annoying. Buy a different sneaker!
B004ZIP5GW Love these. These are my favorite running shoes ever. They are super comfortable, fit like a glove, and are great for running in.
B004ZIP5GW Quality shoe but odd fit for my foot I've been a long time Puma fan and long time athlete, so I knew beforehand that although they make quality shoes, they're not known for making good running shoes.  I picked these up on sale on Amazon just to give them a tryWhile the quality/craftsmanship seems fine and they look good, they are about the oddest fitting running shoes I've ever worn.  The upper sole seems to be padded more than the lower so my foot sits at a downward angle and my heel feels like it's slipping out with every step I take, even though length-wise they seem to fit fine.  I wear a size 13 and have an otherwise normal proportions, so I wasn't really sure what the issue was but it seems just to be a poor design in the cushioningI gave up on these because they were just too uncomfortable from the start, so I don't want to say they're poor, but personally I knew the minute I put them on that they would not work as even a moderately serious running shoe
B004ZIP5GW Good Shoe I decided to stray from my usual purchase of either adidas or Nike shoes and gave these a shot. The shoes are very nice looking. They do not have a tongue like most shoes, it is more like a sock. I have had several shoes like this in the past and this one had the same slight issue I have had with all other similar "sock" like build, they are initially a little snug. They do loosen up over time however. I purchased these with the intent of using them for work, in which I spend 8-10 hours a day on my feet on concrete floors. I usually wear Nike Shox or adidas Bounce to give me support to last through work without having tired feet at the end of the day. These unfortunately do not give me the support that the other mentioned shoes give me. So I had to buy a different pair of shoes. For me personally they did not work out for what I wanted them for, but I use them when going to the gym and they work fine. All in all, nice shoe but I would not purchase another pair.
B004ZIP5GW Fantastic Running Shoe These shoes felt great as soon as I tied the laces. No breaking required as they were comfortable on my initial 12 mile run. I had not had Puma shoes prior and I am pleasantly surprised with these. I have traditionally ran on Nike Shox but the price on these converted me!
B004ZIP5GW Nice running shoes! Looks good. My feet are still getting used to them.I think I'll need some arch support insoles with these shoes.
B004ZIP5GW Great running sneakers I chose these sneakers because Amazon was running a promotion and I got them for under $45 with free shipping.  So far I have logged about 15 miles on them and they are great.  They literally fit on your feet like gloves on your hands.  Only issue that I have is that my feet sweat more than other sneakers I have had in the past.  Aside from that, these sneakers are great.
B004ZIP5GW look good in the picture I am not a fan of how these shoes look in person. They are much more bulky than they appear in the picture, at least for my size shoe (13). They're ok as gym shoes though, i just wish they were lighter.
B004ZIP5GW Great running shoes! I love these shoes! They have a great feel and are wonderful on your feet. They have just the right amount of support and a comfortable toe box!
B004ZIP5GW Colorful and comfortable! I bought these shoes mainly as something to wear with blue jeans and a t-shirt which is something that they excel at.  They are comfy and eye-catching and I often get questions like, &#34;where did you get those&#34;?  I don't like them much for running because they feel heavy to me after years running with minimalist shoes.  They are probably right in line with other shoes as far as weight goes so if you run with &#34;regular&#34; shoes then I am sure they would be perfect.
B004ZIP5GW Great This shoes are really soft, you feel like you were wearing sandals. I used them to walk a really long trip and I didn't get uncofortable at any time.
B004ZIP5GW Super comfortable and great looking These shoes are true to size and very comfortable. I purchased them as an option to replace the beat up running shoes I wear as casual shoes and I would purchase them again
B004ZIP5GW Puma its the way to go!! Im a fan of puma merchandise, got this for running and gym use, they are awesome, like them very much, its not easy to find the style I like (maxys, foot locker, etc) and Amazon thru their retailers are doing an amazing job, true to size and I will keep buying puma shoes thru amazon!
B004ZIPGNO Great for Running As I live and work near gym I went there few times with my old shoes and did not feel that powerful in them as I felt when I bought these Puma Running Shoes from Amazon. Simply love it. Bought it few months back and they still serve their purpose same as they were new.
B004ZIT63U Love Puma Shoes for my Kids! Theses shoes out last any other brand when you have a boy who goes through shoes like mine does! Thanks to the seller for the great pricing!
B004ZIT63U Too hard in the sole My son loved the look but doesn't like the shoe.  He complains that they feel too hard in the sole and he clumps around when running.  He prefers shoes like Nike Air or something similar.
B004ZIT63U love the fresh style ********* My son love his new shoes * They are ok for running, walking or  any activity. Very nice fresh look
B004ZITHZC These are very good running shoes My 8 year old daughter loves to run in these shoes.  They have great color choices as well.  They look and feel like they will hold up for the long run!
B004ZITHZC Puma Voltaic 3 V Running Shoe I bought these shoes for my grand son who is very hard on his shoes. He tried them on and told me that they were so comfortable that they help him run faster.
B004ZITHZC so confortable This shoes are great. Really like the way my boy walks with those shoes. . . Really great product. I recommend this
B004ZITHZC Very good first impression My son loves them even before actually running around in them (he is currently ill). They look and feel good; I would recomend them as a great buy.
B004ZITU86 6 year old loves them In the picture I originally thought the white/raspberry looked like white/red and ordered them. the raspberry color is actually a bright pink so the color looks nothing like whats in the picture. i had to end up exchanging the shoe because i have a boy and needless to say he wont be wearing pink shoes. the shoe had nice padding and looked very comfortable to be running around in.
B004ZIVGH4 Perfect! I bought the white ones from a Ross, and they are the best running shoes I've ever had! They are so comfortable and very light! I've been telling everyone about these shoes!
B004ZIXAAA Best. Shoe. Ever. I am a little puma biased, as it's the only brand I buy, but this is my absolute hands down favorite running shoe. Instantly comfortable and the ankle support is soft and amazing.  Feels like I'm running on a cloud.  Coming off a knee injury, and so far, I am very pleased with the padding and shock absorption. Plus, they are so lightweight, I barely feel them. Love love love.
B004ZIXBAY best running shoes best running shoes out there. I wish they added a higher arch shoe but for now I threw in some inserts and its good
B0050U210C flexible sole toddler shoes i love these shoes becacuse they are so light weight and the sole is very flexible. The colors are bright they look just like the picture. i found them at a better price at burlington coat factory. they have been worn daily for 3 weeks and still look new!
B0050U7C8I Great shoes Great shoes, o like them a lot. Fit as espected. Good for kids. Soft and resistant materials and nice colors.
B0050U7C8I Pricey but good for running Got for grade school which requires dark footwear.  These are very light sneakers, like good running shoes.  They do seem to be a little narrow and run a little small.  Ended up returning for a larger size of the same shoe.  Also a little pricey.
B0050UGDJC My daughter loves her "mean kitty" shoes They light up. They are cute and match most of her peachy pink clothing well.They are great little running shoes.
B0051TJVJQ Made well and they feel like slippers! I got these shoes for myself, and as soon as I put them on, I thought to myself "WOW!  These feel like slippers!"  These are the most comfortable pair of sneakers that I own.  AMAZING!  I ordered these PUMAs 1/2 size bigger than I normally wear, because I find that this brand in general runs small on my foot.  They are made in Vietnam, made extremely well, and they look even better in person than in the photo.  They are a slightly darker grey than in the picture, and the inside lining and pumas are hot pink.  Even the shoelaces are so well made and match perfectly; they are grey with pink tips.  I love these shoes!!!
B0053A2M3A Cross training shoes They were not what I thought they were going to be. They are very flimsy and do not provide alot of support. They would be good very hot days, but I wouldn't do any running or training in them
B0053A2M3A Feel very flimsy The picture to what I got was a little different.  Meaning my impressions of the picture is very nice to what i opened the box.  I have nike running shoes that are getting old.  The quality over these Puma is night and day.  These puma are very light and feel very cheap.  These shoes are for minimalist running enthusiasts.  I prefer my nikes and may get some cross trainers since I mostly use them with my elliptical machine.  These shoes are not elliptical friendly.  Hardly any cushion i felt it tired my feet out quicker. I returned them the next day.
B0053A2M3A Minimalist before minimalist was cool I went to these after running in New Balance Minimus Trails for a few months. The Pumas are lighter and flatter and feel great on my feet. If you have not tried barefoot running or minimalist shoes, you will probably not be ready for the lack of cushioning or the extra demands on your calf muscles. If you have tried those things, these shoes are a great alternative to the trendy, more expensive minimalist shoes. They are also recommended for Pose Method. I am running in these without socks and I like them that way. I did get a mild blister on my right pinky toe in the first run. But I think this won't be a problem after another couple of runs.
B0053A2M3A My favorite running shoes Title says it all. These are very light, very minimalist and last forever. I have run several half marathons in them. They do not offer much weather protection so I would recommend other shoes in inclement or cold weather.
B0053A2M3A Good minimalist shoe Good minimalist running shoe. But don't good out the door immediately for a run until you have slowly adapted to this shoe, especially if you have been running in highly technical shoes most of your running career. Need to slowly strengthen you feet. That said, do like these shoes alot.
B0053VNAEO A definate LIKE, Like the fit.  Like the waist band (nice gentle snug fit - Med on a 33.5 inch waist).  Like the length (medium size long enough for my 6'4&#34; height).  Like the color.  Over all - LIKE.
B0053YAH4M Great shoes! These shoes look exactly as pictured, they are bright, fun, and functional. They also run true to size. Not as light weight as other Puma shoes I have had, still a great shoe.
B0053YAH4M Best shoes for working out. I already have this particular running shoes but I'm buying another pair as it's hard to find running shoes that are so comfortable and so good that it actually inspires you to go work out.
B0053YANCS Great Puma Running Shoe Never thought I would see a Puma Running shoe considering there known for soccer apparel. Product was shiped fast and 100% acurate. The shoe itself is very light with a very breathable mesh like material. Most of the white trim on the sides and back have a reflector like quality too them which never hurts when your out for a night run. I have a wide foot and the material also has a stretchy like quality to make a good fit. Not much, if any working in time. Just lace up and go, straight from the box.
B0053YB0NO Bright and Cute I really love these shoes, mostly fir the look with the bright colors. I haven't taken therunning yet but hope to soon. I'm not sure if they will be as great of trainers but to walk around town looking cool these are your shoes!
B005438OCY Awesome Shoes!! Awesome for running, working out, or just adding a pop of color to a sweatpants/yoga pants day. The only thing is you really need to untie them every-time you take them off because you can't just slip your feet in them when you're running out the door. They are also very comfy, but thin, so don't wear them if it's raining or cold!!
B0054D2G7I Would not Buy These shoes have zero support, it felt as if I wasn't even wearing shoes the pounding on the ground made my feet sore.
B0054D2G7I nice shoes This pair of puma shoes is very light and comfortable.I liked the design. Product was as shown in picture
B005543Z5S Cool Shoes The shoes were true to their size, and are some of the lightest most comfy shoes I have worn. I was looking for some cross trainers for track practice. I do not really recommend them for long runs, only light runs or plyos. The color is as bright as it looks and definitely turns heads, in a good way.
B005543Z5S Best running shoe, best price, hands down! I'm very picky when it comes to running shoes. I look for light sneakers like Nike Free's but they do not have the cushion that you need in distant running. I also like the New Balance 690 because they do have cushion and are still very light. When I purchased the black/white Puma 400's it was merely for looks and daily use. The day I received them and put them on I was complete blown away by how light, cushioned, and comfortable these shoes are! I immediately purchased a yellow/green pair for running. It has received a lot of attention at the gym and on the track. I'm hooked for life!
B005543Z5S Running Shoes I generally like the shoes but the sole wear is surprising.  Mr. (Lightning) Bolt couldn't run that far in these - the soles don't hold up all that well.  I guess if you only run 100m at a time, they might last a few weeks more than my did.  They look good but perform only so-so.
B005543Z5S Running shoes These shoes are really comfortable,and worth their price. They are  easy to wash  , even in washing machine and dry fast .
B005543ZHQ Good Fit. Comfortable Shoe. I was a runner for about 25 years from 1980 to 2005. I learned a lot of things but one was the importance of proper shoes. I found running shoes to be just amazing. When properly fitted, I found you could take them right out of the box and run a 10K (6.2 miles) without any problem. Try  that with regular shoes. I was always used to breaking my feet in to a new pair of shoes and I often referred to them as suffer shoes. But almost all running shoes were comfortable and ready to go right from the start. As such, I began wearing running shoes  wherever possible, and in California that's almost everywhere.When I was a runner, I tried all the major brands from one time or another and I had favorite brands and models, to be sure. Well, I no longer run and am not nearly so particular any more, but I still use running shoes because of the comfort and almost any of the major brands work well given a proper  fit.  As such, I usually buy my shoes at a deep discount place. The latest is a pair of Puma Men's Osuran Cross-training Shoe which I found at Costco. They called it a running shoe, and I have no problem with that. I take a standard U.S size 11 and almost any running shoe of that size will  fit, except  for extremely wide types. Well, these Pumas fit fine. I put them on and went for a 3-mile hike. No problem. My pair looks like a quality shoe and I hope that's the case as I generally use them for at least three years. I appreciate the black color and wish the white side stripe was less apparent.Gary Peterson
B005544T94 Gym / running only These are not used as every day shoes, mainly for working out and running (inside and outside tracks).  Boy says feel pretty good, no trouble with shin splints.
B005544T94 PUMA Voltaic Training Shoe-Blue I purchased these for my son who needed shoes for cross training and running. He says they are the "most comfortable shoes he's ever owned". We are very pleased. True to size and durable, not to mention very good looking.
B0055523UU Great Product, But there was something off... As another reviewer noted, the colours of the shoe you receive and the colours in the picture -are- different.(At least on the blue one blue option).  I tried these one in a Puma store, and the ones I tried were the ones pictured.  I wasn't ready to buy then, so I ordered off of Amazon, and when I got the shoes I noticed a definite colour difference.  The shoes I recieved are actually called the '76 Runner, not the '76 Mirage.  They are in fact the same exact shoe, construction wise.  The "Runner" series simply had different colour options than the Mirage, and the blue in the Runner is a bit darker, not as bright.  Closer to a navy blue than a royal blue.  I'm debating sending them back, I kinda like the darker blue actually.Otherwise, these shoes are exactly the same, they just don't say "Mirage" on the sides.  The insole is still the awesome new memory foam insole, and it's amazing how comfortable the new insoles are.  I always thought Pumas were the most comfortable shoes I ever bought, but they even outdid themselves!  And I do really like the cut of these shoes.  These are part of their heritage line; remakes of old styles of their shoes.  I like the old school look, cause most modern sneakers and skate shoes just make me feel, blah.So if ordering blue on blue, keep in mind colours may be off a bit, depending on the seller you get and what inventory they have.  Worst case, go order from Puma to be sure.  These shoes are awesome, and if they wear like my last pumas, they'll last you a long time!
B005552422 Fantastic Shoes! I would definitely recommend these shoes!Pros:- They look fantastic- They are incredibly comfortable- They feel like good quality made shoes- They were one of the only shoes that actually came in size 13 for me- The price is perfect for themCons:- The heal is a bit thin and sometimes folds or bends on itself when I'm slipping my foot in.- Shoe laces are a bit too longVery minor cons and plenty of pros to make up for them. Excellent purchase.
B005552422 Great! These shoes are comfortable, great and apparently was a favored gift! They look exactly like the picture and fit true to size.
B005552422 Satisfied w purchase, took a bit to receive them. Very satisfied with shoes, shoes were correct size and color. Shoes look just like image provided. No complaints about my purchase.
B005552422 Nice shoes I like those shoes. they are really nice. I wear them to go to school. I would recommend them to someone.
B00555AO2E Awesome shoes I ordered these shoes for my son as a Christmas present.  He loved them and they look even better than the picture.  Arrived quickly even though it was the holidays!
B0055BZJGY Very Comfortable Love these shoes.Bought them for commuting to work on the train.  They are like walking barefoot (without the fear of picking up hookworms) but with just the right amount of support.I have worn very high heels (nothing lower than 4")for so long my achilles tendon has shortened and wearing low heel shoes is usually very painful.  So far I have adjusted well with these shoes.Added plus is that they do not look like the usual sneaker (excluding the pink or purple ones).  They have a good business casual look without looking too casual (just jumped off the treadmill).
B0055BZJGY Great Minimalist Shoes I am a runner that usually logs around 20-30 miles a week, although that number has been steadily increasing. Most of my running is on pavement, sometimes treadmill, but nothing like trails. I had been used to doing about 20 miles a week in Vibram 5 Fingers for a long time, which was great, but fatigued my arches and other stabilizing muscles. I have orthodics I am supposed to wear that I often don't, but I would put them in these shoes (or sometimes wear them without the orthodics) and wear these just around after runs to recover. They felt great, very cushioned, roll very nicely on the flexible sole.Then I was advised that if I wanted to run farther on pavement, I should wear shoes with real soles, not Vibrams, because I could stress fracture my feet and hurt my knees. These shoes became my transition into "normal" running shoes (I wound up spending most of my time running in Puma Nightfoxes). They're super lightweight, which is important when you're used to shoes that aren't really there, and feel more minimalist than most running shoes, which felt like concrete blocks on my feet. The cushioning felt fantastic on my knees, too - I hadn't realized how much pain I had been used to having after a run.If you're a barefoot runner looking for a recovery shoe, something for cross-training, or transitioning back into real shoes, I highly recommend these.
B0055QRPFM Amazin Shoes I ordered this on Tuesday night and received by Thursday!!! I highly recomend these shoes, they are better in person than in the picture. Great quality, amzaing fit and they look really good.
B0055QUAFO nice shoes nice shoes very comfortable cant even tell u got them on like the way they look as well almost like u just got socks on
B0055QV4G8 comfortable not good looking as the picture looks, but very soft, easy to walk, like it more and more, good so far
B0055X9J0O Don't waste your money. I've been looking for a decent sneaker for a long time, something that wouldn't break the bank but still was something that would match with most outfits.  This shoe, however, was a waste of money.  It literally came in a shoe box that was 2 inches tall, because the shoes have no upper support...at all.  They are flimsy and the torn part doesn't look as attractive in person as it does in the picture.  Returning immediately.
B0055X9J0O like it it was very nice!! i like it.. this is what im looking for. now i can enjoy it! thank you.
B0055XATC6 Do yourself a favor and do not buy these shoes! I was shocked when I received these shoes that they were so flimsy that when you stood up in them, the top of them sank in and got deep furrows horizontally across the toe.  In addition, the middle of the shoes gaped out as if you had your fingers in them pulling them out sideways..  All in all, they looked like clown shoes.  They told me to return them directly to them with a note and they would refund my shipping costs but they did not.  I sent several emails and they ignored me.
B0055XATC6 Very comfortable shoes Love Puma shoes. They give a super casual/nice look.I feel like I am bearfoot, they are super comfortable and look fantastic!
B0055XBD80 Looks great, but an ouchy heel I really like the look of this shoe, and it certainly goes with lots in my wardrobe. It fits like a glove and is of high quality. Unfortunately it does tend to pinch a bit at the back of the heel, so i don't wear these shoes on days when there's lots of walking to do.
B0055XD8JM Awesome kicks! Shoes look exactly like picture. Very comfortable, and true to size. Cant find this unique style/color in the store. Love them!
B0056PKCCK Puma Clyde Well I can't wait to get them and try them on, look like a nice casualsneaker for the summer. Hope they look as good in person like theylook on line..
B0056YCZ5S THESE ARE TRACK SPIKES These are track spikes. I do not think they should be in the running shoes listing. If I didn't have a pair of spikes these would be lovely but not for running distances.
B0056YH1PW To heavy to run with They should not be advertised as running shoes. They are very heavy and have no cushioning at all.  The attractive design and bright colors are deceiving. These shoes are too painful to run with. It was a waste of money.
B0056YJJNO Best Running Shoes! This is my third pair.  I like the support and the style.  The mesh at the toe doesn't change the shape of the shoe like some mesh toed shoes do.  Run true to size.  Receive lots of compliments.
B0058XEE88 Nice shoes but ..... PUMA Women's Complete TFX Sprint 3 Running Shoe,Turbulence/Hibiscus/Blue... I dont like the sole is slippery in ceramic floor so be careful.
B0058XEE88 Great running shoes They are even more comfortable than I thought they would be.  They will work great for the Senior Olympics events in August, 2014!
B0058XEEHE Cool Colors but Many Flaws Great for off pavement running. The plastic spikes on the bottom of the sole will wear down after time(two runs). Also be careful not to cross-thread the metal spikes while putting them in. Pretty cheaply made...very thin material. I expected better quality out of puma. The bottom has a thin foam sole and no arch support what so ever. If your just into the color I reccomend but if you want a serious running shoe stick the Nikes.
B0058XF1KI Cool look Material is very thin canvas, which creases and bends a lot. I expect these to only last me a month or so, they seem very flimsy, not typical of Puma. My advice would be to buy these as a second or third pair that you don't wear often.
B0058XF1V2 Great looking shoes for a great price These shoes are a stunner. The sizes are accurate (at least, compared to other Puma shoes) and they look amazing. They're white, so you'll have to do some maintenance to keep them that way, but they look great.
B0058XF1V2 Great! These shoes are exactly like what they look like but even more sharp!!! The picture makes them look kind of dull but they are not at all! They are super sharp looking :)
B0058XF1V2 good excellent shoes very well service and i like the shoes i recommend this shoes is very comfortable recommended for future
B0058XF1V2 Nice shoes My husband love the design and the easy way to wear this shoes. They look so nice with any jean.
B0058XF60I Great shoes While I am running I feel like I am running on pillows. My legs don't hurt after I am done running.
B0058XF60I My son LOVES his shoes! My son put these on as soon as I bought them and went running in them.  He said they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever had.  Always grateful to find shoes in size 15 and to have them be a huge hit is even better!
B0058XF6Q2 Best Shoes I've Ever Owned These are the best shoes, they're a bit skinny for most, but I have a thin foot. I can feel everything through them and i feel like i can drive 10x better with these.
B0058XFC7U I love these running shoes I love these shoes. They're so light but supportive. I've tried some other brands but these are the best for me.
B0058XFJTQ live the shoes Perfect for hiking and running- comfortable and sit great- don't break easily like most shoes I've bought! I Love them!!
B0058XFJTQ great shoe Light weight, looks good, they seem to be wide, but feel great walking. Running on treadmill not as good as plain running shoes
B0058XFP4A Super comfy Great shoes for running. Super comfortable. Very attractive. I love the lowness. Look great with low cut black socks. Awesome shoes just to wear casually as well.
B0058XFP4A GREAT LOOKING SHOES THE SHOES ARE NICER LOOKING IN PERSON, THE PICTURE DID NOT REFLECT HOW GREAT LOOKING THEY ARE AND VERY COMFORTABLE ALSO
B0058XFP86 I used them a lot I've been using these shoes for about a year and just love them.  They're really comfortable and I really like the fact it does not have the shoelaces.  It just make my life simpler.
B0058XFP86 They are running shoes, so expect them to be a bit tight. They are tight.  But they are running shoes so I expect them to hug a bit more. They look really good and seem to be holding colors well.
B0058XFP86 nice shoes I bought this pair of shoe for the birthay of my brothwer. He really loves his shoes. The colors and the style are totally different of a conventional shoes. The shoes fits perfectly to him
B0058XFP86 Comfortable fit. I totally love this running shoe by Puma.  I give it a 5.0 for comfort (walking) and style.  I don't use it for running so I cannot comment on how sturdy and comfortable it is for that aspect.
B0058XFP86 Great Shoes....surprised on Olive Green Color Being that the shoes are Puma's, they will undoubtedly be comfortable. The color of the Puma's surprised me somewhat when I received them. In the Displayed Picture, Olive Green appears to be almost Lime green which I was looking forward too, However upon receiving the shoes, they Appear to be closer to a Dark Yellow rather than Green. Either way I'm satisfied with the Product other than wishing they were more Green than Yellow. I am a Prime Member, and I received the Shoes within 2 days or Ordering from KY (to WI). I purchased size 9. I shall upload pictures which may do the colors a little more justice I hope.Great shoes & I love OSU Puma's so I'm keeping the shoes regardless.
B0058XFP86 Fantastic It's all about running shoes that's i was looking for, soft and confortable it's something i will recommend to my friends.Great deal
B0058XFP86 Awesome! I'm in the military so I'm running constantly and these shoes are great! They're durable, flexible and fairly light. I've got no complaints. I'm sticking with puma thanks to these shoes.
B0058XFP86 It looks good but not the best running shoe I bought these shoes to run and wear them almost everyday. I like these shoe to wear everyday and have got a couple of complements about the shoes (I have had them for a month) but the shoes does make more noise when I walk compared to my old shoes (it not very much but it is noticeable). They are also lightweight. When it comes to running these shoes are just ok if I bought them just for running I would give them a 3 out of 5 due to no actual laces and just velco which make them a little loose when running (they haven't fell off). I plan on buying new pair of shoes for running but these should work in the meantime.
B0058XFP86 Nice Shoes Bought them primarily for running!!!! Extremely good.. Nice!!!  Looks good .. Totally worth the price paid!! Nice... I like it.
B0058XFP86 love these shows i bought them for gym but i like them so much that i wear them when i go out with jeans sometimes. everyone tells me how much they like these shoes. i bought the ones that have an orange inside. they look great and feel like your walking on clouds
B0058XFP86 not comfortable I can't imagine someone is actually using them as running shoes. They r looking nice, but that's it. Attention: very tight shoes!
B0058XFP86 look cool! This is my first running shoe ever, but i dont use it for running, i use it for gym workout! No laces to tie and true to size fit. I like it.
B0058XFP86 Great fit !!! Great price! Better quality, and comfort then other running shoes I've purchase prior to these! I recommend this to anyone look a good running shoe for a decent price!
B0058XFP86 I was intrigued by the look of these shoes I bought these shoes because I needed new running shoes but I also wanted a shoe that was a little versatile, intrigued by how nice these shoes looked.First, I think they will pass in places that do not allow sneakers and this has been true for me including a hotel's rooftop bar at sunset with a view over Bangkok.They are comfortable but I feel like my foot is inclined slightly off the sole.  That's the best I can describe it.  It's a weird feeling but it may be intentional and it has not caused any problems after extended use.Unfortunately, I have yet to actually run in them because I like them so much as wearable, eye-catching shoes so I cannot comment if they are actually good for their intended purpose.  But they are comfortable to walk in!
B0058XFP86 awesome! I'm a big running fan and my old shows were wearing down so I decided to look for new shoes on amazon when I came across these bad boys, wow let me tell ya these shoes are pretty awesome. when i first tried them on they fit me snugly like they were giving me a friendly hug. makes running and sprinting long distances a breeze. I would definitely recommend these shoes to anyone out there.
B0058XFP86 Great Shoes....surprised on Olive Green Color Being that the shoes are Puma's, they will undoubtedly be comfortable.  The color of the Puma's surprised me somewhat when I received them.  In the Displayed Picture, Olive Green appears to be almost Lime green which I was looking forward too, However upon receiving the shoes, they Appear to be closer to a Dark Yellow rather than Green.  Either way I'm satisfied with the Product other than wishing they were more Green than Yellow. I am a Prime Member, and I received the Shoes within 2 days or Ordering from KY (to WI). I purchased size 9.  I shall upload pictures which may do the colors a little more justice I hope.Great shoes & I love OSU Puma's so I'm keeping the shoes regardless.
B0058XFP86 Nice shoes! It is super awesome! That's it! Trust me! I will buy it again when I need a new pair of running shoes!
B0058XFPLS Nice shoes for the price!! I would say that in the picture the show seems to be a little bit darker than it really is. I actually thought they were black instead of a sort of dark gray. Other than that, I'll say that they are comfortable and look nice. Now, I'll just wait to see how much they last.
B0058XFPLS Great looks, cushy! Sleek and comfortable.  My only complaint is they are not real leather (like the good old days!) but at least look like the are (LOL!).
B0058XFYEG Jury is still out. I'm still haven't decided if I like them or not.PRO:Not flashy like 99% of other running shoesWell VentilatedPrevents over-pronation through non-conventional methodsCON:Prevents over-pronation through non-conventional methodsRubs a raw spot behind the ball of my foot.The support features of this shoe work differently than the typical method of building up the insole. You can read all the marketing hype on the web-site, but you won't know if it works for you until you try it.  It works for me and I have a lot less pain and stress than in my neutral running shoes.  I'm still adjusting to a support shoe so that may explain the blister.
B0058XGI5A Worn out quickly About a month after getting the shoes, under normal wear, in some places it was worn all the way through like it was made out of cheap material. I love pumas but this one for some reasons sucks
B0058XGI5A Mostly my fault I didn't realize there was no real cushion to the bottom of these and they have no heel really.  I should have looked at the picture closer I suppose but who wouldn't want some padding with their shoes?
B0058XGI5A Use for Running or Training Shoe looks good but is too flimsy and lacks foot cushioning and support for running or training. Not a good value.
B0058XGI5A I liked them my husband didn't I love puma shoes, but for men they may actually be to slender a look. I purchased these for my husband and he didn't care for the style he felt they were like ballerina shoes for men. I would just recommend not trying to change anyone's style without their input. The return process was seamless and again as a woman I have 4 pairs and love them! They make your feet comfortable, are very light and look little. I guess all the reasons a man might not like them.
B0058XGI5A Beach Shoes I run on the beach every day.  My shoes always get ruined by the sand and salt...mess is out, heavy shoes are heavy.  When I got these they seemed so cheap, but have lasted better than any other, and I am spoiled by how light they are.  Would they hold up for other use?  No idea, but if you want great, cheap, really ugly shoes for a beach run...buy these.
B0058XGI5A Excellent Pumas are great shoes.True to size with a snug feel.Quality is great.Look is great.These shoes are good for running or fashion. Whichever choice you make.
B0058XGLKC "Most comfortable shoe out of the box I've ever had" I got these shoes for my husband - not for running but for work.  The shoes came in a nifty reusable red bag (I don't know if the color changes to match the color of the shoe but the shoes are black and red).  The bag has minimal cardboard supports that can be removed so that the bag can then be reused.The first thing he said when he saw the packaging was:"Seeing the red bag the shoes came in I thought the shoes probably weren't going to be much good to have to have a gimmick to sell them.  Boy, was I wrong.The shoes did not require ANY break-in time as is normal with any others I have had. They are very light (it almost feels like not wearing shoes) and fit very well.  They are supportive and cushiony. I walk and stand on concrete all the time during my job and my feet feel great at the end of my shift. And it was surprising how many people come up to me and tell me they like my shoes.I wear a size 11 wide and these fit perfectly to size.  If these are not the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, they are very close to it.  I will definitely buy this type of Puma shoe the next time I need athletic shoes."
B0058XGLKC looks great, feels good but not sure of it is durable looks very nice and feels very good too.The only concern is if it will be durable or not ? - the sole is a very soft material which will tear if u rub or scratch it with any rough surface. and the black part of the sole is painting so that goes off soon.Feels great for running.Will update how long it lasts as soon as i find it :)
B0058XGLKC Surpassed my expectation by leaps and bounds! These are my first Puma trainers and I am very impress. I am recovering from a sever bout of plantar fasciitis and the support these provide are wonderful. Excellent cushion with a feather weight construction! Normally I run four miles a day on a treadmill averaging a 7 1/2 minute mile pace. The pounding can be significant. These running shoes make the session effortless! To mitigate the daily wear I inflict on a single pair of running shoes I rotate between three different pairs. The New Balance 890 and Adidas EQT Zeros are in the same class with slightly different characteristics. The Pumagility and the New Balance 890 are the closest in terms of heal support and stability, although the EQT Zero are also very similar. The cushion or "pound deading" capability winner goes to the Adidas EQT Zero. The sole is also the highest compare to the 890 and the Pumagility. I have done some weight training with the 890; but not the EQT or Pumagility. Typically the taller sole shoes present lunges and squatting challenges. My trainer perception of my form in the higher sole shoes is less than positive. In any case, the Pumagility are a great running shoe. I will review the training aspects or characteristics later.
B0058XGLKC A Featherweight Champion These Pumagility shoes are an extremely light and very comfortable running shoe. The affordable pricing was definitely a deciding factor in my decision to purchase these.
B0058XGLKC Very stylish, comfortable, breathes well, stable, but not really for outdoor running Puma Men's Pumagility Cross-Trainers, Size US 12, Black/RedPuma has had a long rivalry with Adidas, and it turns out both companies were started by brothers in Germany. I had been a long-time fan of Adidas footwear because I have yet to find an Adidas running shoe that was uncomfortable out of the box. The tread lasts a long time and does not delaminate like Nike, and is not ultra-stiff like Reebox or New Balance. I've started to wear Puma apparel due to them being the official uniform designers for Formula 1 and MotoGP. Their apparel is high-tech and well made, and these Pumagility trainers seem to fit that description as well.The first thing I noticed is the eye-catching packaging. Puma likes to list all of the sustainable practices they employ for the manufacture of their products. In the case of the Pumagility shoes, there is no shoebox. Instead, there is a red cotton/fabric carrier bag with some cardboard inserts to make it look like a shoebox. Once you remove the shoes and recycle the cardboard inserts, you end up with a reusable carrier bag for your shoes or gym clothes. Very neat!The second thing I noticed is the eye-catching styling of the shoes. The high contrasting colors of black (the shoe's upper) and the red soles got me many compliments from co-workers. There is some 3D shape/texture on the lower shank portion that is also very high-tech and reminiscent of the fuselage surfaces of stealth fighters. The Puma single-stripe is also present on the shoes in the form of a sealant design.The exterior of the shoes stains easily, and by that I mean it easily shows salt stains from the road salt they spray on sidewalks and streets during the winter. The black mesh material does breathe very well, so my feet stayed cool and dry even in a warm office setting, or while jogging outdoors. I would not recommend wearing bright socks with these shoes if you want to use them in a casual setting. The white socks contrasts too much with the black mesh, and looks weird when wearing dark pants such as jeans. I recommend black or dark socks from an aesthetic approach. In a gym environment, white socks are fine with shorts or athletic apparel.The tread is somewhat stiff and the pattern is very shallow. I have my doubts as to its efficacy on outdoor running surfaces. It certainly does not fare as well as an all-terrain running shoe, but its shallow treads and small tread contact patches appear to be suited for indoor activities. Even a road running shoe has more tread on the outsole and shoulders, with deeper grooves for channeling water and grit.The wide sole design provides a lot of stability, mostly suited for lifting or other activities in an indoor gym. While running outdoors, I felt the sole starting to break in more, although it was already fairly soft to begin with. The inserts aren't very thick but provide some adequate arch support. The styling is very ninja, but in conclusion I have to say that these Pumagility shoes are intended for indoor training activities and not that great for outdoor running. The shallow tread is not going to last well on road surfaces and is not as grippy as a road or all-terrain running shoe.Overall: 4/5 stars, slick styling, comfortable for casual or indoor workouts, but doesn't appear as durable or versatile as a road/all-terrain running shoe.
B0058XGLKC ok cross training, good running, fairly nice looking i mostly weightlift, but i wouldn't say that's their strong suit. they seem a tad narrow to me, and thin. they seem like they wouldn't last as long as cheap shoes around the same price (I think I got these at $50), but they still kick it. I'd get them again but not at a higher price.
B0058XGLKC Lite as a Feather and Pure awesome As a Person who has been suffering from Plantar Fasciitis, I originally thought these Puma's were going to be too thin as is my experience with Puma's in general, but that wasnt the case, they actually turned out to have just the right amount of arch to avoid those debilitating cramps associated with the condition that used to keep me from running completely! They have an amazing amount of traction for the treadmill or my usual trail through the concrete jungle. I just love these they have that great heal support and the cool style i have always wanted w puma's but couldn't get till I tried their running shoes, give it a try there is nothing to dislike about it!
B0058XGLKC High Quality Cross Trainers Puma's "Pumagility Cross-Training" are well crafted and designed shoes. The option for me was a size 11 1/2 shoe, so I had to ask a friend to try them on to test them out as my feet are not that big. He can run much faster now! Hehe. Remember growing up and getting new sneakers, you felt like you could run faster? Anyway, he liked the way they felt. Was comfortable, but was a little narrow for his feet, but could feel a "spongy" lift as he moved in them. It has a pretty thick sole, seems a little over an inch thick.The black and red design are eye catching with the interior sole being an aqua blue. I think the name "Pumagility" could be re-thought for something more catchy and less self-indulgent, but that may be just personal preference.I asked my friend if he felt he would recommend them. His response was that he liked the way they felt on his feet, and the price was fairly reasonable (approx. $99.99 at the time of this review), but was not sure how much he loved them.The label states the shoe is made in Vietnam. The shell is made of "textile and other materials", while the lining is made of "textile". Accordingly, "textile" is a blend of different cloths, usually artificial. While the sole is made of rubber. So, it seems, for the price, and while durable, it sounds cheaply made.So at glance they look like a nice pair of shoes, and they were stated as being relatively comfortable, I am not sure I would say these are the shoes to get.
B0058XGQWU These shoes are beautiful To the reviewers who say this shoe has a pink tone to it, I suggest they return them because mine are in no way like that.  They are not bright white as they may appear in the picture.  So calling them snow white is probably not accurate.  They are more like an egg shell white.  That being the case, they look very nice with kakhi's.  This is a beautiful shoe.  And extremely comfortable.
B0058XGUJ4 Very comfortable! I knew my size ahead of time for Puma. These are a treat to wear after wearing my nice office shoes. They are so comfortable for walking(power/casual.) I've jogged a couple of times with them as well; although, I'd recommend purpose running shoes for fast or long distance running. I'd buy again and recommend.
B0058XGUJ4 Great pair of shoes Looks just like they do on the website.  Fits perfect and looks good on my feet.  I'd recommend these shoes.
B0058XGZ8A Light and Fast The shoes are comfortable, light, and my running time has improved in races. I would recommend these shoes to other runners who seek to improve their running times.
B0058XGZ8A Feels so comfortable I forget they are running shoes. I purchased these track shoes to compliment my running shoes.  Both are Puma shoes, and both are comfortable.  I like the colors on these track shoes, it really looks nicer in person.  The shoe run true to size.  I highly recommend this sturdy shoes, you can't beat the price either.  If they have your size, do yourself a favor and buy a pair.
B0058XGZ94 My best friend loved mine My best friend loved my Puma running shoes and wanted a pair for herself. She was excited when I showed her that she could get hers on Amazon just like me. Quick delivery. Accurate and she is extremely happy just like me.
B0058XGZ94 My go-to running shoes Currently running 15-20 miles weekly.Just ordered my 5 or 6th pair of these Puma FaaS 500 series. I have had the 500s and also the 550s and I really like them. They are very light, some of the lightest I've found actually, so my feet feel like they're flying. I generally own 2 pair at a time and alternate to let them completely dry between runs. Usually buy whichever color is discounted at the time.
B0058XH4L2 Cute They're cute. They are fairly comfortable. They look nicer than wearing a lace up sneaker for running around (not actually running) and doing errands. I have these in a brighter color as well, so I guess I like them enough to have bought a second pair.
B0058XH4L2 Cute, comfy casual shoes! These are great casual shoes for running errands on the weekends. I don't like to wear traditional running/tennis shoes anywhere except the gym, so these are a great alternative! Very comfy!
B0058XH4L2 Perfect I LOVE these shoes! I work in an office where we dress business casual. I wanted some shoes that are comfy but cute. These are perfect. They are really comfortable and look cute on. I bought a size up because reviews said they run small. This was not the case. I could have gone with my usual 6.5. My husband told me to buy another pair because I like them so much. Also, I have stood for a couple of hours in these, and my feet did not hurt. I cannot even say that about my favorite pair of running shoes. These are great!
B0058XH4SA Excellent heel to toe transition My last pair of shoes (before my stint running in Five Fingers) were some Pearl Izumi running shoes that I loved. They were decently lightweight, had some good cushioning, and had a great heel to toe transition that propelled me forward. I liked these shoes so much, it made buying a new pair of running shoes difficult when I realized the Pearl Izumi model was discontinued.I tried on a few different types of shoes, all of them disappointing me. Then I tried the Puma Faas 550. They had a great fit (I wear 12s and 13s, and the 13 in this model fits me great). They are fairly lightweight, coming in at 10 ounces. I also love their heel to toe transition, though they don't have me rolling off my toes quite as easily as my Pearl Izumis.I've put in over a month running about 2-4 times a week, and these shoes have been great. I don't really think about them much, and I feel that is the way a running shoe should be. Most recently I had run in Five Fingers for several months, and I started having some hip problems. After taking several months off but never really having the pain completely subside, I was worried to start running again. However, these shoes combined with the right hip exercises have so far kept the pain at bay.These are branded as a more-cushioned minimalist shoe, but they don't feel minimal to me. They feel like a nice, lightweight pair of running shoes. I would definitely recommend them to others. Hope this was helpful. If you have any questions I can answer, feel free to leave me a comment!
B0058XH4SA The best running Shoe! This is the first review I ever write. it is because I'm so impressed by the faas 550. i'm a triahtlete and run all year long. Compete in ironman and marathons. I've tried tons of running shoes and I have to say this is the only 10 stars shoe for me. Nothing wrong with nike, addidas or others but from the moment I put the puma faas 550 on, they way they just "hug" your feet its fantastic! I'm ordering few more pairs.
B0058XH4SA Most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned. I don't consider myself a professional runner by any means, but I can confidently say these are the best running shoes I've ever owned. Not only are they super comfortable, but they are a great color. There is adequate padding, they fit true to size, and there are no seams inside meaning you could even wear them casually without socks.
B0058XH4SA great shoes! I love these shoes.  I wear them to the gym and they are great.  They are very light weight and breathe well.  They feel great when I'm running on the treadmill or outside as well.  They are also not clunky looking, which is something I think is hard to find when shopping for athletic shoes.
B0058XH4SA Are you kidding me? I love these shoes!  This is my second pair.  I didn't expect them to be that great when I bought them, but as it turns out, these shoes are fantastic.  My plan was to use them in short runs, or just to wear around, but they are so light, so comfy, that I have worn them a lot.  I have run half marathons with these shoes.  Not for runners that really need support, nor for heavy runners.  I am neither.  I like the minimalist feel of these.  The midsole is like no other shoes that I've had.  Like pillows for my feet.
B0058XH5D4 Great running shoe I got these last week and have run in them 5 times or so and really like them.  They're very comfortable and didn't give me any trouble re: breaking in, etc.  I got my normal size (8) and it fits well.  The only thing I've noticed that I don't love is that my feet get very hot sometimes while I'm running, but that's a minor issue.
B0058XH5D4 awesome! I absolutely love these Puma's..the color is brilliant just like the picture and the fit is a perfect 6.5.  Definitely recommend them.  True to size & looks just like picture.
B0058XH5D4 Nice. First I'll tell you, since no one else really said, the color is awesome! I got the teaberry red/flouresent peach and they look like the picture.Every other review said to get a size bigger so I went up half a size and I was a little disappointed because I didn't need to. But, they fit and I don't feel like messing with exchanging them.Another thing everyone said is they don't have a tongue and I didn't understand at the time, but they really don't! It doesn't really bother me, I just didn't know what they meant. Also, they are a little heavy compared to other running shoes I have, but again this doesn't bother me too much. One last thing, if you like shoes that feel like they are on your feet, these might not be the ones for you. On the side of my heel they only go up an inch and a half, which makes me feel like I'm going to fall out of them, but one again I'll get used to it.Over all, they are pretty sweet. I don't see any reason to return them and they were the right price. I hope this helps! =)
B0058XH5D4 Love These shoes are so comply I feel like my feet are surrounded by pillows nice padding all the way around
B0058XH5D4 last years I love puma, and these shoes have lasted me forever. Its been 4 years with lots of working out and running in them.
B0058XH5D4 Better description needed! These are great everyday shoes-lightweight and breathable, with excellent cushion. They would make AMAZING running shoes, which is what I bought them for, if I was a heel striker. I've tried to run in them for several weeks, and it's really hurting me...if you're a big heel striker, I'd get them-for me, my heel hits, the ball of my foot smacks the ground, and I wish I hadn't bought them for running ...
B0058XH5D4 Puma Sneakers my wife loves these sneakers,My wife like the way the shoes fitthey are comfortable and they look great. I would recommed purchasing these shoes.
B0058XH5D4 These shoes are super colorful and comfy! In the picture the side design and laces look mint green but in fact they are just a shade of blue lighter than the rest of the shoe.  The other colors are pretty true to the picture.  They are nice and wide at the top.  The laces are fairly short, but overall I am very happy with them.  This is a really fun tennis shoe, love the bright colors!  I have gotten several compliments on them.
B0058XH5D4 Not My Favorite Shoes! What I like are the colors and style.  I don't like the difficulty in putting them on.  The tongue is attached to the sides and it is hard to put them on.  The heel section seems to cave in the back in my struggle and I wonder how long it will be before they break down!  Once the shoes are on and laced up, they are comfortable.  It seems to have a design flaw.
B0058XH5D4 Great running shoe! These shoes are so comfortable and are really great for jogging, running, walking, or all three! Great color choices, too!
B0058XH5D4 Puma running shoes not getting use to the tight fitting into the shoe, not sure if this is the Puma style as this is my first Puma running show.
B0058XH5D4 Awesome I have these in three colors and love them. Great for running , I'm a PA great for being on my feet as well . So comfy and supportive and they look great !
B0058XH5D4 Perfection. The snug running shoes are my absolute favorite. I used to have &#34;chunkier&#34; nikes, but these are so nice and slim. They're the best running shoes I've ever had, and I felt like I got them for a steal (said nike shoes were around $70 at an outlet)!
B0058XH5D4 Puma Women's Voltaic 3 NM Running Shoe,Blue/Steel/Quarry/Silver, 11B These shoes are excellent for running. It's the first time I purchase this Item. They are very comfortable. I have received them in excellent conditions. I will order another Item like this.
B0058XH5D4 Cute shoes I have always only bought Puma for looks rather than function. These do not feel like a sport or running shoe to me. However, they serve their intended purpose (for me) and look great! I love the color even more in person than in the picture!
B0058XH5D4 not great for running I like the style of these but not that great for running, too heavy. I only use them gym workouts not runs.
B0058XH5D4 Great look and feel!!! Sneakers make me feel like I'm running and walking on air.  So comfortable and easy to put on, take off.  Really love the style too.
B0058XH5D4 Nice Shoes but too wide I purchased these shoes for casual wear not running, so what they looked like on was important to me. They are nice looking shoes however they made my feet look really wide and big, so I returned them.
B0058XH5D4 Shoes Wouldn't use these for running brought them just for the lookI broke my foot last year and those make me feel, like my foot has great support
B0058XH5D4 Different than what I expected, but so far so good There were several things to note about these shoes:1. The colors are darker in person. The lightest turquoise in real life is the color of the darkest turquoise in the picture. I like the colors, just not what I had expected.2. I ordered these in 7.5 (I usually wear a 6 or 6.5 in shoes, but my last pair of 6.5 Nike running shoes were uncomfortably tight after running)... and these are very very snug. I could've used an 8 or 8.5, easily, which seems crazy to me. They have the full sock interior, so the tongue has no flexibility or stretch. Honestly, even tying them seemed redundant.3. I'm not a heavy-duty runner by any means. I just run a mile or two a couple times a week on the treadmill. About halfway through my first run, my right foot fell asleep... very strange experience, to say the least! I guess once these are broken in more, they'll loosen up and I won't have any problem (hopefully!).4. If I had not bought these on sale as Amazon's Deal of the Day last week, (only $43!), I would be sending them back, but for the price, I think they're worth a wait-and-see.******************UPDATE 9/26/13These shoes have loosed up & are awesome! So comfortable! :) I am very glad I bought these shoes, even if it took a few months to break 'em in properly. They're holding up terrifically, showing virtually no wear (though I do mostly wear them indoors).
B0058XH5D4 Puma Haven't received these yet, but all i buy is Puma running shoes. They are light and comfortable and last forever. Can't go wrong with Puma, and The colors are beautiful.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoes - not comfortable insert I like the shoe overall, very ergonomically built for running (feels like you're getting a lift each time you put your foot down). The inset is uncomfortable though since it is one piece, like a sock, and they were too wide for my feet and bulky.
B0058XH5D4 Great shoe I absolutely love these shoes. There is great support and cushion around the ankle and are very comfortable while running. Only reason I didn't give these shoes 5 stars is I am still getting used to the fact that putting them on can be a pain depending on the socks due to the fact that the tongue is attached to the shoe so it can bunch up your socks. Other than that I love these shoes.
B0058XH5D4 Nice Casual Gym Shoe I originally purchased this shoe in an attempt to find reasonably inexpensive new running shoes. I have never used Pumas as running shoes but have owned a few other pairs as casual gym shoes - I would definitely place these in that same category. I purchased these when they were an &#34;Amazon Gold Box&#34; deal, paying $43 for the pair, which was an awesome deal. The shoe is very fashionable and I LOVE the color, but in my opinion they do not offer enough support for running. Would have given these shoes five stars if I had been able to use them for running, but that wasn't the case.Regardless, I can always use another pair of shoes and these were a great pick!Also, Amazon's free return on shoes encouraged me to order two pairs so I could try them both out and return the one that didn't fit. In the end, my friend bought the larger pair from me before I returned them because she liked them so much! Definitely a win, win!
B0058XH5D4 Not A Running Shoe If you like to run in stiff, heavy abrasive shoes, this is the shoe for you!  I don't know what possessed me to break away from Mizuno Wave Creation series, lesson learned ~ returned this pair and the MWCs are in the mail.
B0058XH5D4 Good workout shoe, not so much running I agree with the term fashion sneaker, these are adorable and very nice to look at. For cardio and working out I really do like these shoes, however I am not very fond of them for running. This might be because mine are a little tight and I'm still breaking them in but I just feel like the arches aren't good for the purpose of running. Also I am a consistent 6.5 and these are too snug, maybe order a half size up for more comfort. Overall a cute and useful shoe, just maybe not for running.
B0058XH5D4 Outstanding Running Shoes These shoes are top performers--beautiful and functional. My last running shoes needed replacing a long time ago! I broke down and ordered new running shoes, and the pain in my left knee is GONE after switching out my shoes. These shoes offer structured support (not a very lightweight shoe), and they will take a few runs to break in. After about 3 treadmill sessions with these on, I went ahead and ordered them in another color because I will be rotating them out. Love the Tiffany's blue-ish color!
B0058XH5D4 Puma shoes are too heavy I love the way they look and feel, but they are too heavy to be what I would call real running shoes. They weight 2x my Brooks Glycerins which I thought were too heavy already. If you don't care about that, then they are great shoes (I had to go with 2 stars because weight of a shoe is extremely important when you are running for an hour). I found I liked the feel on my foot, I love a wide toe box and I have heel issues so I was looking for a cushioned heel, which is great on this shoe.
B0058XH5D4 Wifes walking/running shoes they look great on her! She walks the beach daily,chases our 2 year old around everywhere and looks hot in thses kicks doing it!
B0058XH5PM Nice, clean, fast shipping The tittle means all ! I received the shoes 2 days before it was suppose, the shoes comes with the box and the paper into the shoes, Like in store with seller. Fits perfectly Thanks!
B0058XH5PM I like it Nice sneaker, I like it. Feels good and are very comfortable. I'll purchase it again if I have the need
B0058XH854 pick something else trust.me Look cooler on libe than in real life not great for running.  Have become some pricey kick around shoes. Meh
B0058XH854 Great for running These shoes have great coushion in the soles and all around the toes. If you have knee or foot problems I would get these.
B0058XH854 Puma shoes They're beautifull! I love them!! The color is amazing and it's look just like the picture! I recomended.  They look kind of big
B0058XHABG Excellent running shoe It is a very little bit but it works very well for running, very light shoes and comfortable, also arrived on time and package was very nice, included some gifts.
B0058XHCDM Amazing shoes! I give these shoes are hands down the best one's I've ever bought. They're lightweight, and surprisingly have plenty of cushion on the bottom which is great for walking or running. I've never been disappointed with Puma, and it shows in these shoes.
B0058XHD86 Cheap piece of foam These sandals weigh almost nothing and are flimsy. In a store, I wouldn't have paid more than $4 for them. I suppose you're just paying for the name brand. Anyway, they do look just like the picture and they fit as I expected, thus the 2 stars instead of 1.
B0058XHEBM Undersize and Very Light I normally like Puma products, but I'm not sure about this one. It's probably a full size undersize. What really bothers me is the feel of the material. The shoes are extremely light in weight and the material feels substandard but I'm not sure at this point what to do. They will probably make a return trip to Amazon because of my apprehension about the material and of course the undersize.
B0058XHEBM New Shoes Finally Best shoes ever, I like the style and it fits perfectly with socks on. I always like the normal style puma shoes.
B0058XHEBM I like the look The shoes serve the purpose of what I need them for, a casual sporty shoe that is light weight.  I do tend to get toe drag on carpet sometimes.  I do like the look.
B0058XHEBM Best puma so far I use these treadmill and lifting weights.  I use my Asics for squats and these for upper body workouts.  Theses are like my Nike Cortez's except they have a leather tongue instead of Nike's stupid nylon one.  The leather tongue is very luxurious and puts Nike to shame which makes me sad because I like Nike.  I wear these with Puma shirts as to match and so far okay but they need dark navy Puma logos instead of off blues and sissy girl colors like candy or windows 8 start menu.I used to like Puma Suede's but last pair hurt my feet after walking on sidewalks for long amounts of time.  I am not sure why that happened.  Seemed weird like they used to be more comfortable.  Maybe I got a bad pair.Had/have a pair of Puma Dallas I never wear because they are too loose in the width and about 1/2 or more too long.  They slip off the heel when running no matter how tight I lace them (which makes them look long and too skinny and just funny) and they wiggle when I squat which is dangerous and annoying.  The low heel is nice but who cares if it wiggles, how can I lift confidently with wiggle?Puma whirlwind had stupid nubby outsole which looked like dumb golf cleats and worse hurt my feet when I was walking to the mall and in the mall.  On hard surfaces the nubs make a funny noise and people stared at me obviously amused by my choice of footwear.  They click clacked on the hard tile so not good choice for out and about activities.  Maybe sprinting on clay track or grass turf.  Stay off concrete/asphalt/indoor surfaces.The G. Villas seem nice tennis shoe comparable to my Kswiss Classics so I might try them but I do not need tennis shoes right now.  If I did I would rather G Unit Reebox's.The speed cats piqued my interest some time ago but I was not sure if the sleek styling was suitable for casual wear, too European.  I could definitely see the value as sports trainers am I really liked when the outsole was good year rubber tire inspired.  Kind of like racing car slicker tires i.e. less tread more traction.  Now I am into working out more so these would be more appropriate for me as long as I did not combine the with no show socks as is a current trend.  I need coverage on my Achilles plus like wearing Nike quarter crews so you can SEE the logo.  No show's have logo on bottom of sock wear you can not see it, how stupid is that.All in all these are probably the best puma I have had not to low like the speed cats which would have to be purely sports trainers.  I can wear these with jeans and look cool like they are Adidas superstars or something.  Low shoes look bad with jeans unless you are bisexual and wear tight jeans or something.  I wear looser jeans so low shoes tend to be paired training shorts.  I can bench press with loose jeans and look normal.So these worked for the money , look good for casual, knocked off the Asics Corsair's/Nike Cortez but as least incorporated a leather tongue which should be almost mandatory, and are okay for sports and training.  Not hardcore running or atg squats but bench pressing, leg pressing, light track work etc.
B0058XHEBM Perfect I really don't like to buy shoes or sneakers on the internet, but now I see I can buy shoes.
B0058XHEBM Incredible shoes Look awesome! Feels great! I've been wanting this shoes for a while.  They arrived when the email said.  And looks just like the picture.
B0058XHEBM awesome shoes! The shoes are so light & comfortable it's like you are not even wearing any! I am on my feet a lot!
B0058XHN6I Perfect! I really do hate tennis shoes, athletic shoes, whatever you call them, they're ugly.  I have been looking for another style option for years. I won't be running a marathon in these Pumas but whether I am riding the stationery bike at the club or running chores around town these shoes are wonderful. They offer the support and grip of a simple tennis shoe and add a pop of color and flare!
B0058XHQMO Weird material I read the review about these being paper thin, which they are and was ok with me.  They are definitely casual wear, do not expect to do anything athletic in them. I expect they'll hold up ok with light/moderate use. They are super light and comfy BUT the material that makes the upper that way makes it sound like you are walking around on tissue paper.  If you're somewhere quiet, these shoes won't be.  Also, the material under the mesh outside creased in the toe area in just a day.  It looks a little funny to me, but I doubt others notice it like I do.  They make for a nice, light summer shoe.  I would keep them out of rain and dirt and will not recommend them as active-wear.
B0058XHQMO Love the look, but they're almost paper thin I love Puma's and when I saw these shoes I knew I had to have them.  After getting them and putting them on for the first time I was really surprised with how thin the material was they were made out of.  I have lots of Puma's but none that feel like they might just fall apart after general use.
B0058XHY3K It has been returned returned
B0058XIS0I I like it Well, I am not good at commenting something.  If you are a F1 ferrari fan, just like me, you will like it.  Otherwise, you will feel it doesn't worth the money you spend.
B0058XIVRS Perfect for running around I bought these shoes for my everyday casual shoes. They are comfortable, lightweight, and fit well. I liked them so much I bought a second pair in black. I do not run in these shoes, and can't address how they are for running, but I have lifted in them and they've been great.
B0058XIVRS Nice shoes I think  this shoes are very fashion and comfortable no just for running but for take a walk or just dress
B0058XIVRS Made my feet look huge Was excellent quality but the style just was not for me, my feet looked like a 10-12 and i am a 6.5.  Had to return them.
B0058XIVRS Look so nice BUT ... I buy this tennis because the look and every body say are greatin the reviews and many people say is NOT true the size is too smallfor that reason I buy one number more, when come this tennis are too bigI think they are true the size and look so nice but I dont like much the wayhow they feel in my feet I dont feel that suport I need in a running tennis
B0058XIVRS Very Cute. Not athletic wear but awesome comfort. I'll start by saying that these shoes are not exactly some heavy duty "running shoes". they are certainly not tennis shoes. they are just super comfortable sneakers that you can run in. esp on the treadmill or something( although i have never used them for that)I buy shoes that i can stand on my toes in because i am short and these are excellent for that :P they are super flexible and light.got a lot of compliments too as the colors are funkyonly thing-the white stitch on top does not look prominent in the pic but it is pretty prominent but here's the good thing about white stuff you dont want- it's gonna stop 'shining' after a little use anyway.overall, i found these to be durable enough. the velcro flap part i suppose is the most subjective to wear because of the kind of material it is.I have now had them for a month and i just love em. one of the coolest velcro flap comfy shoes.
B0058XIVRS LOVE THE LOOK... THESE SHOES ARE SO PRETTY. ONLY DOWN FALL...THEY ARE DEFINITELY NOT FOR COMFORT OR RUNNING. THERES REALLY NO SUPPORT AND THEY DONT FEEL ALL THAT COMFY BUT THEY WILL DO FOR LOOKS AND WALKING SHOES ALSO THEY ARE A GREAT PRICE!
B0058XJH3U Nice!!! sneaker / running shoes a GREAT pair of sneakers. Light weight, comfortable and stylish.Good for long walks or just going out, casual dressing. I recommend them to anyone.
B0058XJJ88 stylish but not durable I bought these shoes as cheap minimalist running shoes. They definitely did the job but wore down very quickly as I expected. They look great clean and white but look like rags when worn down. There is no support but that's what I was going for.
B0058XJJ88 Soles too thin These shoes are comfortable, however the soles are just too thin.  They offer very little support and feel like you're walking on a thin piece of foam.  These would be okay for just casual walking around, but not for real exercising.  I walked on the treadmill in them and it almost felt like I didn't have shoes on.  Oh and they run small.  I ordered a 9 and had to return them for the 9 1/2.  Now, I just wish I had returned them - period.
B0058XJJ88 Love them!! I absolutely love these shoes.  They are super comfortable and you don't even feel like you're wearing shoes.  They are very breathable too.
B0058XJJ88 I feel like I'm running on air! These shoes fit my feet so well and are so light that I can run faster by just putting them on! Great buy- I'm going to get a second pair!
B0058XJJ88 Cool and Comfortable This is the third pair of puma h-street shoes I have purchased. I have them in several other colors. They are so comfortable, almost like walking in bare feet and keep my feet nice and cool. I usually wear socks with them and they are still not too hot, like many other athletic type shoes. They seem to wear and wash well too.
B0058XJJ88 Almost perfect summer shoes Love these shoes.  They are light weight, breezy, and colorful...Just perfect for Summer.  the only thing I don't like is how dirty they'll get; Hopefully they'll survive the washing machine.Also, these are listed as running shoes but to me they seem too thin to run in and be comfortable but I'm not a runner so I could be wrong.Love these shoes
B0058XJJ88 Amazing shoes! I love these shoes.  They look amazing are super comfortable and are the lightest shoes i've ever held.  I wear them running around with my two year old boy during the week and on casual fridays can stand in them for 9 hours without my legs hurting like all the other shoes i've tried.  Love them, would recommend them to anyone and will definitely buy them again.
B0058XJJ88 Not True to size fit I bought these shoes based off of what the other reviews had said.  I'm assuming most people who bought them didn't wear them for running because their opinion would have been different. When I first got the shoes they felt like someone had worn them when in fact that's just how their made. Secondly they were very "snug" especially for a running shoe. I looked into returning them... Definitely not "free" returns I would have had to pay $20 in shipping and handling fees.  I decided to cut my losses and try them out outside... HUGE mistake!  I felt like my feet were gonna fall off. Maybe buy a size up and want shoes that feel like someone else has worn them for these to workout for you?
B0058XJJ88 My favorite shoes This is my second pair of Puma H-Street. I love these shoes and wear them for all of my workouts: BodyCombat, Fitness Kickboxing, Zumba, etc. Very light and flexible. One note though, if you like to have a lot of padding/cushion in your sole, these are not for you. These shoes are as close to being barefoot as I was able to find without having to wear monkey-feet (Vibrams).
B0058XJJ88 Love these shoes! This is my second pair of Puma's running shoes. I love them because they are lightweight and easy to wear. They run a little large. I usually wear a size 7 but ordered a 6 1/2 because of the other reviews of the product and they fit beautifully. They are so comfortable that I find myself wearing them most of the day. I love that they are not bulky and heavy but lightweight and easy to wear for walking and running. I would recommend them if you are looking for a lightweight running shoe that is comfortable and versatile.As always, the delivery was prompt from Amazon. I would order them again if I needed a new pair.
B0058XJJ88 Lightweight and perfect for running I've used these sneakers for walking and running and they are the most comfortable pair of sneakers I've ever owned. They weigh next to nothing so you're not lugging around 5 pounds just from footwear. The sole is long-lasting (so far) and the colors are nice too. The material is very breathable so your feet don't feel hot and sweaty. Just one part I'm not so thrilled about is that it's extremely soft so there's very little support in terms of the arches. I solved that easily by inserting a Powerstep 3/4 length orthotic, which worked wonders.
B0058XJJ88 returned - beyond flimsy I read the reviews about it being flimsy but I figured I would make the work somehow. Nope, never in my life seen shoes like this. I have thin running shoes but this is like paper. its not the thickness, its the fact that they would not last more than a couple of runs.
B0058XJJ88 Sweet feet treat Like barefoot with comfort. Great for running or walking. These are my second pair. Won't be my last pair. Great shoes
B0058XJJ88 Nice shoes Great shoes, very light weight and comfortable! I would recommend these to anyone wanting a cute little pair of very light weight running shoes.
B0058XJP0A The dude equivalent of stiletto heel foot destroyers... I've been buying Pumas for years, and on Amazon for maybe 5 years?  Anyway, I know the brand and am used to a few things:  Pumas are stylish, comfortable, and almost always elegant/lightweight.  These shoes are stylish, but they are not light/elegant, and so far they are not that comfortable.  The shoes are made mostly out of what at first looks like solid plastic/rubber stuff but on closer inspection is really a super fine mesh of synth fiber, mostly.  There are also parts of the uppers (in the heel) and the sole that really are solid plastic, you make this clunky sound like you're wearing dress shoes when walking in these things.  They're definitely not elegant, and the uppers don't really breathe so you will probably want to slip them off to let your feet breathe if you wear them more than a couple hours so as to not cook your feet.There were definitely concessions to fashion with this shoe, it does actually manage to evoke a lot of the style of a Ducati in footwear which probably wasn't easy but it does it at the expense of comfort.One thing I did (accidentally) that made them more comfortable was running up 3 flights of stairs.  They now have a sort of origami crease in their super rigid upper material at the ball of the foot, which is a slight visual blemish but makes them more wearable.
B0058XKSCY Comfortable for short periods of time I've had these shoes for about a week. The mesh material that they are made of are very comfortable. Sometimes they start to hurt after long periods of walking so I wouldn't use them for running or athletic shoes, however they do work well when I am riding my bike.
B0058XKSCY it feels like floating on simple air I really love this shoes, it perfectly fits my feet, easy to wear and to take offexercising with it is very comfortableactually, it's the best training shoes I have ever boughtit holds your feet really will without slipping, and it feels like walking on air, this is my first Puma I usually by addidas or Reebok, so I'm not sure if all the Pumas feels like that.Bottom line, I love it to the max
B0058XKUMM beautiful shoes colors are more saturated in person, especially the yellow color...yellow looks more like yellow-green in person but not too far from the picture
B0058ZYXFA Not too bad It was bit larger so I returned it.  But it seemed like it would be a very comfortable shoe for running.
B0058ZYXFA great shoes this is my 3rd pair because these are great running shoes. shoes give great support and I think the design is very neat.  these shoes are lightweight and very comfortable. Ill be sad when I have to replace these.
B005901UOG The shoes look and feel great, but Puma's labor policies need improvement I really like the way these shoes look and feel but wish the company treated workers overseas better because I don't want to support exploitation and non-living wages here or abroad. I understand corporate policies may not matter to many buyers, but all things being equal, I'd like to buy shoes that are American-made, and if they aren't I want to at least know the people who make them are being treated fairly. According to Wikipedia, Puma has not fully committed to a living wage overseas and offers many short-term contracts that provide little stability for workers and their communities. Greenpeace also has accused the company of working with suppliers who have polluted in China, but Puma has pledged improvements in this area.I hope the company continues these efforts because these shoes are very comfortable and I'd like to buy more. They give good support but are very light on the feet and offer some flex in the sole so you can spring off of your toes if you want to. I've used them for dancing and jogging indoors and find them as comfortable as or more comfortable than any other athletic shoes I've had. The soft gray is very attractive, and the shoe makes my foot appear `neater' and more compact that other athletic shoes do. I think these would also be good for just hanging out in yoga pants or blue jeans, and the black ones would be a great color to have. Five stars for appearance and function, less than three for the company's labor policies and environmental record, which are detailed at Wikipedia.
B005901UOG Very stylish and comfortable I have been a big fan of Puma and Adidas when it comes to running shoes.  These german makers know how to make sports shoes.  BTW, do you know that the founder of Puma and Adidas were brothers?When I got this shoes on my hand, I found that the actual look of this shoes was way better than the one on the picture.  Specifically, the bottom part of the shoes has one of the most stylish design from Puma or any other brands that I have ever seen.When I grabbed the shoes, I felt like the shoes was little stiff in terms of the cushion.  Boy was I wrong!  When I wore it and walked for a short distance, I was amazed by how comfortable the shoes was.  I just loved it so much.I have been wearing the shoes for almost 3 weeks now and have not had any complaint at all.  Excellent job, Puma!
B005902WHA Comfortable, fashionable, and overall awesome shoes These shoes are great! It is like a sigh of relief putting them on my feet - that's how comfortable they are. They seem to run true to size, and they're really well made. The color is a little less red/maroon and more purple than in the photo, which I like. These are great shoes!
B00593F7L0 great! looove it, fits great like expected. good material so i wont get attacked by mosqiutos when i run in summer
B00593Y7MA Puma shoes These were perfect just what I was expecting! Shoes looked just like the picture! Very satisfied I would definitely order again!
B00594DEB4 shoes The shoes are very pretty I love the colors and they are very comfortable it feels like your wearing a house shoe
B00594DEB4 Great casual sneaker Bought these in this color and black, and love them both.  I tried on a bunch of puma styles and these look the best on me for casual outfits (jeans and tops).  I was looking for a sneaker that was comfortable for errands, etc without looking like I kept my running shoes on.
B00594F444 great! arrived on time, they look just like in the picture, nice blue, great shoes, they are just beautiful! I love them
B00594F444 Worth the money This pair is so pretty, comfortable and simple. The shoe kinda has a sparkle, like soft glitters but only noticeable if you look closely so they still appear simple. Its very comfortable, with or without foot socks. I ordered the 8.5 and it is somewhat large but not too bad that it slips off when walking. It is just missing that foot 'hug'.  Sturdy made as of now, the material it is made of is kind of soft but it looks like it will hold.  I would buy this again in many colors.
B00594FOCG Most comfortable running shoes ever I had Asics gel running shoes before these Pumas and I have to tell these are far better. I'm a long distance runner and these shoes are very comfortable, hold up really well. I know these are men's shoes but I didn't care, the size 7 fit my women's size 9 feet perfectly.
B00595IXPU Great shoes at a great price! As I write this I'm wearing these shoes. I have to say they are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn, they are very reasonably priced and they look great. These are awesome, even for Puma, who usually has great shoes. If you want something comfy and stylish these are great shoes.
B00595JOOY these shoes are so confortable These shoes are very comfortable and do and do look very elegant more than they are on the picture, i love it
B00595JOOY Excelent Item they look great. i feel very nice for buy them, they look like an excellent product.you can buy with confidence.
B00595JOOY Puma Shoes Shoes are awesome I really like them they are very comfortable and easy to put on, they somewhat look like casual dress shoes as well. Highly recommend them!
B00595JOOY Great shoes in the office I have been searching for a loafer look a like and offer a comfort of a running shoes for a while . This item fits my need perfectly.  My colleagues are not able to notice the difference unless I reveal the secret to them. Some reviews suggest the potential tightness but for me the tightness is not an issue.
B00595PMRM Great looking shoes, not so great material... Theses shoes look slick!, got plenty of compliments.BUT!!....In about a couple of weeks, the tongues will start getting lob-sided, sticking to one side of the shoe (looks kind of weird when wearing shorts) The welt and out-sole will begin to detach from each-other...I suggest getting some shoe-glue, the material actually causes them to get stained and dirty pretty easily.Overall good shoes if you're a Puma fan, but they do require maintenance...lol
B00599D6NU not worth the money I ordered these shoes because I am a big fan of puma shoes. They were stylish and affordable. But they offer little support when running or even walking. I usually go with a "Puma Complete" model but took a leap of faith on something different and came up short. I say put the $60 towards a puma complete running shoe and you'll be very happy that you did.
B00599DBJO looks nice like them ! great style!  However not a lot of shok absorbtion! but nice running shoes for joging! love the color!
B0059BGKQI Love these shoes I love these shoes, they're exactly what I've been looking for. If you like the Puma Mid - Hightop style, this is the perfect combination.
B0059BJES4 Pumas I bought these shoes for a Christmas present for my daughter. She hasn't seen them yet but I like them, wish they weren't so much more expensive than other shoes but they are nice shoes and suede.
B0059BJT8O As expected These shoes look just as good in person as they look here. If you like the pics then you will be happy with them when they arrive at your doorstep. Plain and simple.
B0059BLK9K Jazzy Puma We all want to have just a little bit of Usain Bolt's speed and personality. Well these Puma Bolt Running Shoes are that little bit of Usain Bolt's secret. They are lightweight, mesh material that is non-sweating on your feet, very comfortable, the bright yellow with black stripes on the sides of these Puma running shoes and the green soles give it the bright Jamacian flag colors. The added Usain Bolt signature pose of a lightening bolt is embossed on each shoe on the outside top part of the tongue. These Puma running shoes bring a smile to your face because you will have that little bit of lightning bolt secret each and every time you wear them. Full speed ahead with these Puma Bolt running shoes!
B0059BLK9K BOLTs LOOK GREAT, FEEL GREAT! I waited until I've run outside several times with these PUMA Bolt Faas 400 Jam shoes. I had only run on the treadmill in these until recently. Results are in.  I LOVE THESE SHOES. Fit is great. Enough room in the toe box, especially compared to almost every other pair of shoes I've had. Length of shoe is true to size. Feel while running distances is great. I am leaning toward more minimalist shoes, but not going to extremes. These shoes do not provide much stability or support, which is what I want. The heel / toe drop doesn't seem to be much, without knowing the exact measurements or science of it all. Nice, free feeling while running in these. Very light weight. Looks great, bright - vibrant colors. Nicely made. Soft tongue. Heel cup - soft and very flexible. I will be running in these for many miles this summer. I will continue my switch to PUMA shoes. I also have FAAS 550 (love 'em) and 500 (almost love 'em). Buy PUMA shoes.
B0059BM2VK Bolt Puma Faas 200 A bit disappointed with this one...the design is fatntastic, and it looks great, just as in the picture...BUT...it feels as thin and as fragile as paper!!! I'm afraid to wear it anywhere! Maybe that's a modern thing and I'm just old, but I'm not happy about forking out money for something that feels that flimsy! ...it really does look good, but a  bit sturdier would have made it great.
B005ADOBAC Great Look I have received several comments about and I like the feel of it on my wrist.  I like the overall look and feel to it.
B005ADOHQ0 bad experince If I could give it less stars I would.  The product doesn't look like the picture and when I returned the 1st one the second one was wrong too.  Will not shop from amazon again after the service I received!
B005B2H1FE Nice if they will hold up These shoes are really cool. I like the look a lot. They are a bit flimsy but are stable. Just not as stout in the body of the shoe. Over all nice sneaks.
B005CK2B14 Good shoes Very good shoes my boys like them a lot. They are sturdy and are very well constructed.  And they were a great deal.
B005CKB0WA Awesome shoes! Shoes look just as pictured in photo and fit just like a toddler size 8 should. Great shoes!!!! Highly recommend the PUMA brand for shoes. They hold up well.
B005CKB0WA Great boys sneaker This is my sons third pair.  He just loves running in these shoes.  Very comfortable and long lasting.
B005CKB0WA good buy I bought these shoes for my son, the sizing was perfect, looks just like the picture and delivery was on time. In short a good buy.
B005CKJWW0 Puma for my Kids Puma for my Wife its a Puma good life... Puma does a great job on their shoes design I can see why they are still in the industry.  So far no complaints from my daughter but then again I never complained about the shoes I had as a kid when I got the shoes I wanted either.  Still from a non wearer perspective the shoes look good and seem like they'd be comfortable.  I am thinking about getting a pair or two myself.
B005COWQH4 4 It looks good but I am not try on yet I hope  good for the running  I like puma shoes
B005CVL8OE My kid loves them They look just like the Basket's that I wore as a kid, and my son seems to like the way they fit and how they look.
B005CVWYPG Great shoes These are the Only tennis shoes I like for my daughter! They aren't too stiff and stretch a little. Love them!
B005CVY9RW Happy baby...happy mamma Pick those shoes because my child not quite walking but is interested and there soft enough to take steps in and crawl around in. I also like the look of the shoes!
B005DTOIF6 Don't buy this!!! The worst Puma shoes ever! I'm not even sure if they are Puma. They look incredibly cheap. I bought them for my husband's birthday present and I was so disappointed. He said they are very uncomfortable. The logo is already fading and the material makes them look like a five dollar or less pair of shoes.
B005DTR72W Maxing shoes Very light cool good for running and also and I. Really recommend to buy it for kid of for anyone!
B005EVOPBK Cute and comfortable! I've owned these shoes for a few weeks.  They are one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes that I own.  They give good support, do not rub anywhere and the elastic band across the top keeps them from slipping off easily (like many other flats do).  They have non-skid rubber on the bottom.  The shoes are bright red, exactly like the picture shows.  They are a well-made and good quality. I have found that the suede toe does show a lot of dirt and scuffs, but they do wipe off easily.  I have found that Pumas do run a bit on the small side.  I wear size 8 1/2 in most shoes and I buy size 8 in Pumas and they fit perfectly.  And if it matters to you, they are made with Eco OrthoLite, which is an environmentally friendly material :)  These are a fun pair of shoes if you want something that is a cross between a flat and an athletic shoe!
B005EVOQ4G Nice I bought these for my girlfriend for Christmas.  I saw them online here and thought they looked great.  When I received them I took a look and saw nothing wrong with them, as they are nice looking shoes.  However the girlfriend didn't like them so I returned them.  silly girl
B005FWV85O Really Cute SUper cute and comfty shoes only complaint I would have is they are not normal running shoes. The lace part is shorter then normal which may look funny to you.
B005HEJHYO Kind of cheap...I returned them. These shoes feel like they're constructed somewhat cheaply and felt like they would breakdown soon. I guess they're alright for the price. I returned mine to get something with a more stout feel to them. Was tossing the dice and this roll busted.
B005HEKWM0 These shoes look and feel great! Highly recommened. These shoes are really nice looking as well as feel great! Got a lot of compliments. Great addittion to any outfit.
B005HEPKLS comfortable I like the shoes, my only complain is that these shoes can not be wear with socks cause it feels a lit bit small.
B005HEPKLS Slender and comfy I love these shoes because it is so hard to find running shoes that are not bulky.  I tend to hit my ankles when I run with bulky shoes so these work perfectly for me.
B005HEPXDI Great shoes The kid loves the shoes. Fit just right and look just like he wanted them too.  Looks good out on the course.
B005I19DJU Poor Construction I really like the look of these shoes. However, the backs of both shoes dig into my heels (even with 2 pairs of socks). The material is stitched and very rough around the heal. It doesn't have any padding or comfort material in that area. I can't wear these shoes for any length of time. I don't recommend them.
B005I36VEI NOT RUNNING SHOES Described orginally as a running shoe. Definitely not good on the legs or back. Don't wear for walking or running on hills, flat surfaces or for any length of time. For use as fashion footwear, not as athletic footwear.
B005IKILF8 SWEET LOOKING SHOE I bought this shoe in pink.  I don't usually buy shoes on-line, but these look so good, I bought them.  I was not disappointed.  When they arrived and opened the box, my husband was even impressed.  That says a lot since usually, he just grunts when I show him any new shoes I buy. LOLDon't expect to go running or speed walking in these shoes.  The soles are not made for that kind of wear.  But, I knew that when I bought them.  I love these shoes.  They look so cool.
B005IKIS9C Good buy These shoes are good. However, they are running shoes, not cross-trainers. I kept them anyway though. I've worn them for walking (I don't run) and weight training. So far, so good.
B005ILKHCC Great shoes... The shoes are better in person than in the picture.I cant wait to put them on my godson.  Would reccomend to anyone.
B005LC8D38 Great shorts (man runner) I am a guy but men's running shorts fit funny, these looked like the shape i like. I've been running in these for a long time now and they've held up amazingly well.
B005LCE58A Disappointed Is a fathers day gift, was disappointed in the material. By the looks of the photo I thought it would've been made out of a stronger, stiffer and thicker material.  But it was thin and flimsy.  Looks better stuffed to the max I guess. I do like the shoe compartment so u don't get clothes dirty and I'm sure it helps with smell especially with the vents. The shoulder straps padding is nice. Overall, being this bag was less then 1.00 cheaper then the MRSP price I think next time I will go out in person and do my shopping to get a better look at what I am buying and get a better deal. I found the same product on other websites afterwards for less and I know in stores they have sales that would be even cheaper, especially when u save on shipping.
B005LCENV4 Misleading picture needs to be changed As noted by other reviews, the straps are thick draw strings. In fact, all Puma Gym bags don't have the look as the picture.
B005LCENV4 Very Nice This is a very nice bag.  Much more heavy duty material than most.  My son throws his running spikes in it and they don't poke through.
B005MA049U Love these shoes for the price I love anything Puma, and when I saw these shoes for the price, I snagged them up. They are light and comfortable. As a seasoned runner, I wouldn't recommend these for &#34;running&#34; as they state &#34;feel the need for speed&#34;; they simply don't have the support or traction for distance running or sprinting. However, these shoes work perfectly for my gym workouts and as casual shoes. I love them!
B005OKD7N8 A++ These are the most comfortable pair of running shoes i've ever worn...could not be happier with this purchase! I'm already picking out more colors for my next order!
B005OKF984 Stunning to say the least! I bought these shoes in white with the lime stripe.  I already knew judging by the picture that this was one pretty shoe.  And those thoughts just don't normally come to me when looking at a shoe.  In person, they are just stunning (they also come in a neat bag resembling a miniature reusable grocery bag that will now serve as my lunch bag).However, as nice as an athletic shoe can look, functionality is always more important.  These don't disappoint.  They have all the supports in the heel, toe and arch that I needed without sacrificing weight or comfort, and they encourage proper form.  They have a small forward movement encouragement built in (that feeling when you walk in running shoes that it's trying to make you move forward) but it's not as much as other brands of running shoes so they stays just as comfortable to walk in as they are to run in.  The toe runs a little wider than normal as well, so your feet don't feel cramped in, but that can also be uncomfortable for you at first as your muscles adjust--but when are breaking in new running shoes not a little uncomfortable?  If you're a double knotter, good luck, they give you just enough lace to pull it off.  I haven't had a problem yet with the laces becoming untied with a single knot, but then again, I tuck my laces in anyway.I can't yet label them the best running shoes I've ever owned because I've had them for such a short time, but they're already one of the best!I run with these on the beach boardwalk everyday and I usually catch a glimpse of my shoes in the reflections of the shop windows as I run by and they look even better in motion.  You WILL get a flood of compliments for sure (immediately) and you'll be more encouraged to run more as you see better results as well.  A great investment as far as I'm concerned!The Pros:- Just.  Gorgeous.- Noticeably very comfortable (stand, walk, run, jog, etc)- Arch support- Small, light heel- Tongue is stitched in place (some people don't like that, but I prefer it)The Cons:- White fabric is easy to get dirty- Not going to work wonders for shin splints- Runs about 1/4-1/2 size larger than your normal shoe size (I normally wear a 9 but got these in a 8.5)
B005OKF984 Awesome footwear! Great and comfortable running shoes. I walk 10 miles a day in them and it feels as if I walking barefoot. They are very light in weight and like I said, they are very comfortable.5 start out of 5 stars.
B005OKF984 Trendy shoes These shoes look great off the leg, however the padding in this shoe makes it look bloated when worn. Is not very contoured. Shoes are comfortable otherwise. Great color combination.
B005OKF984 Light and comfortable. Great for running in the treadmill! They have a great look too. Amazing durability and comfort-ability. I'm thinking about getting another pair in black.
B005OLK5QO Good shoes The shoes are really good, very light and comfortable. I like the green puma logo. Arrived at the right time. I'm happy with my order.
B005OLVDCO Love how it looks and how it feels What can I say - I wear these shoes mostly on weekends and so far it seems like they are of good quality. To my taste, the shoes look awesome and I especially like the red color. Everywhere I go, the first thing people notice is my shoes.
B005OMEGTA Great shoes, lite, sturdy and well constructed Great shoes, very lite, good construction, nice containment straps. would recommend to all who like light weight shoes for running, working out and general wear.
B005ON39OC Love them! These shoes are so incredibly light and comfortable. I don't wear socks with them and they are the best running shoes I've had to date. Normally I break in a pair of shoes before running in them, but not these bad boys. I will be purchasing more Puma running shoes in the future.
B005ON39OC great shoe I needed a new pair of running shoes and these were perfect -- I got them on the sale page on Amazon.  I've never purchased running shoes online before, so I was a little nervous, but these work great!
B005OS7VPA Pum Sneaker I am very enthused about this shoe -- it is attractive and very comfortable--even for walking.  I hope I can find more made like that with a wider toe. Anita
B005OT25G4 I WANTED to like these so much. The problem is at the toe.  Look carefully at where the rubber tread from the bottom comes up to the top side of the shoe.  See that little white space up by the big toe?  It's a gap in the black tread that runs along the bottom.  They do it on purpose for *style.* That's a BIG problem.  When I tried these on, that space makes the shoe lie flat--like a water shoe-- and it made my big toe stand out and look ginormous.  I don't have a ginormous big toe, but these shoes just made my feet look unattractive.  But the whole reason for getting these cool shoes was to make my feet look good.  If they had just carried the tread all the way around in that area, I don't think it would have been a problem.Another problem was on the top where a *tongue* would be.  There is no tongue, which I liked, but the shoe crosses itself and creates like a V right there.  It just felt really loose, like it would fall off.  This was my size, everything fit right, but with that V gap, they felt clumsy and unreliable.These are definitely womens shoes, not unisex, and there was no Velcro (the other versions of this shoe had Velcro that I heard was not wearing well).After I returned these, I ended up buying Jeep J-41 in white.  A much better fit, and they look better on my feet--like real shoes, not like water shoes.
B005OTA9R6 Great shoes! Lovely shoes, excellent for exercising! Great for running, jumping, simply Puma!I saw them in the store, but they did not have my size and decided to order them online.
B005OTA9R6 love these` These shoes are exactly as I expected them to be, and very comfortable.  They aren't  bulky like most other tennis shoes and are light.  I feel like I can do dance, running, walking, anything in them.
B005OTA9R6 Very bright white nice looking shoe I like the look of these pumas. I also like that they are flat and don't have a big heel underneath like some shoes. I will wear these out I am sure. I should have got an 8 though instead of an 8.5, but with socks on they will take up the little extra space. ;)
B005PVNAT2 feel good, like the Cylde profile I like these. Take a little time to break in though. Love the Clyde look. Material is tough. Have the blue ones too.
B005S0QEXE great shoes My daughter loves them, she is very picky about hershoes it surprised me that she like these shoes since she is so girly, but she needed a good pair of tennis shoes for gym class at school that look real nice
B005Y759GE good buy My 7 yr old daughter loved it. looks exactly like picture and very nice material.It fits her perfect too and i hope they have more colors in it.
B005ZFCUIA Excellent shoes! I absolutely LOVE these shoes! They are lightweight, exceptionally comfortable (like walking on air) and the colors are sharp. I don't do an awful lot of running, so I can't attest to how well they would hold up for a serious runner. However, for everyday use, they are super. I will caution that these do run a little small. I normally wear a size 8, and based on other reviews, I purchased an 8.5 and they fit perfectly!!
B005ZFCUIA like the shoes it is the right size...comfortable to wear...i like the color coz it is my favorite......like like like like like it
B005ZFCUIA Perfect shoes!!! These are the most comfortable shoes I have purchased in a long time.  The support and cushion are just right.  I haven't tried running in them yet, so I cannot comment on comfort when vigorously exercising.  And, the color is rich and vibrant.
B005ZFCUIA Best Pair of Running Shoes I Own I purchased these shoes one week ago and I will be purchasing another pair. These shoes are so comfortable for running and walking. I have purchased all kinds of high-end running shoes and by far these are the best. I will be recommending these shoes to my friends.
B005ZFCUIA I LOVE these shoes!!! I have purchased Puma shoes in the past and loved them!  It had been a few years since I bought my last pair and I had forgotten how great Puma shoes are!! They fit my foot like a glove and are super comfortable!!  I may seriously give up buying Nikes (which I have worn for years) and buy Pumas exclusively!  I cannot say enough how much I like these shoes.  And also, I LOVE the design and colors!!  I highly recommend these shoes!!
B005ZFCUIA Great Shoed love it I buy this shoed to my gf and she love it are pretty shoes and are excellent for running and aerobics
B005ZFCUIA Real running shoes This is what I was looking for my wife so she can excercise without hurting her knees.These are really ment for running. Great shoes.
B005ZFCUIA My favorite running shoes Love theses shoes.  Cute and the fit is perfect.  I'm an 8.5.  And for some reason, I've struggled finding running shoes I like.  These are durable (trail running) and comfortable (no sore feet even after 16 hours on my feet in the middle of a Northern Arizona summer).  Only thing I could wish for is a little more breath-ability but these are so sturdy that I wouldn't trade considering that I usually wear for an hour or two at a time. So amazing that I also have them in black.
B005ZFCUIA Excellent Very comfy shoes and no blisters. Nice looking shoes and the color is true to the picture.  I would recommend them.
B005ZFCUIA Cute but not for running These are very cute and I will keep them as my regular wear tennis shoe but I can not run in these shoes, very heavy and my feet cramped up.  I will probably just go back to Adidas for running shoes...
B005ZFCUIA Solid/Sylish Running Shoe Bought these or my fiance some time ago, and she still wears them running all the time. No complaints here.
B005ZFCUIA Walking on air These shoes are so comfortable and adorable, I just love them.  They look better in person, too. They provide cushioned support and don't make my feet hot like most shoes do.
B005ZFCUIA Very Comfortable I have never purchased Puma shoes before, but these shoes are so comfortable. The picture does not do it any justice, because the colors in person pop. Great combination. Great Price. My next athletic shoe will be Puma also.
B005ZFCUIA Look nice The shoes look nice. There is no cushion on the insole so they are fine to wear for short periods of time. Wouldn't wear them to run.
B005ZFCUIA Just started wearing them Right now the shoes seem great!  Been using them for running and I like them so far!  I like the fit, they feel like great running shoes!
B005ZFCUIA Adorable, awesome, and comfortable! I am just beginning to run so I needed some running shoes that can do the job while also giving me plenty of support. And I have to say that I LOVE these shoes! Not only are the colors amazing, but the shoe itself is super comfortable and light-weight! I felt like I could go running immediately. Additionally, I have extremely high arches so buying shoes is really stressful. But these shoes don't bother me at all!I wear a size 9 and they fit perfectly as well! I would recommend these shoes!
B005ZFCUIA my first pair of puma's I love these shoes, they make my feet look small and they are great for running and very comfortable to wear.
B005ZFCUIA LOVE THEM!! These are the most comfortable Pumas i have ever had. They look nice too, and they dont make my feet look like clown feet.
B005ZFCUIA Awesome shoes Wearing them now while running and training my dog. They are so comfortable and provide a lot of stability! The color is awesome
B005ZFCUIA Awesome!! I love this pair of sneakers!!!!! Fit incredible good and you can feel the difference while training, I do crossfit and while running, lifting and everything you feel and see that your workingout even better than before!!! Love these shoes :D
B005ZFCUIA nice shoes Have not worn Pumas in a while and wanted to try them again.  So far i do like them alot.
B0064IPTA8 Good running shoes Very good running shoes.  I got the, for use on the treadmill. Very lightweight but durable.  Comfortable and fit as expected.  Good buy.
B0064IPTA8 perfect Fits like expected and looks great! it feels like if you were walking on pillows, use mostly for casual road biking and long walks in the heels.
B0064IPTA8 good shoes bought this running shoes 5 days ago and couldn't be happier. this is my first pair of running shoes cause normally i just wear sports fashion shoes. the shoes are very beautiful love the color, black and a little bit of yellow and they come in a modern red clever little bag instead of the old fashioned shoebox. the shoes at first seemed a little tight but after 1 day of use i got used to them. i can tell you that this are the most comfortable shoes that i've have ever owned. i do a lot of walking in new york in the weekends and decided to try them on for a stroll in the big apple and after walking for around 5 hours, 2 of those hours in the 2012 nyc auto show to my surprise at the end of the day my feet didn't hurt and were not swollen. if your looking to buy a pair of comfy shoes and look nice i suggest you buy a pair of this puma shoes, they are a very good buy.
B0064IPTA8 good shoes First shoes i bought online.. there very nice. soft.  delivery was late cause of weather but its ok.  my shoes were recycled material as it says on the bag. but they felt sturdy.
B0064IQKXS Buy this shoe. Light, breathable, COMFORTABLE.  I'm a heavier guy, 6'2" 220 or so, and these are great running shoes.  I also wear them casually with shorts because they look so good.  As a runner, great cushion.  Can't recommend enough.
B0064V6WD8 Nothing like the picture.. These are just regular puma socks 2 white's and a grey pair? These are not anything remotley close to what is pictured.  Hopefylly the return goes smoothly.Product page needs to be changed asap!
B0069IFCSC nice material I love the soft material. It doesn't feel or sound like a wind breaker, which I like. I like the pockets. I'm a personal trainer and I bought it to wear after a workout to keep warm when the ac is on. The 4 star rating is because is zipper is very fine toothed and catches the material if you're not careful. The other downfall to me is the stand up collar. I'm just not a huge fan of that element. As other reviewers have mentioned it might run a bit small, especially if you have more than a C cup.
B0069RLF8Y 50-50 COMFORTING SHOES.. THESE SHOES LOOKS GREAT, BUT NOT VERY VERY COMFORTABLE,.. ALSO FEELS LIKE THE FEETS HAVE BEEN TIED FOR ALONG TIME.. I MEAN THEY ARE OK.. BUT IF U WANT TO WEAR THEM ALL DAY.. THEN THE FEETS FEEL LIKE SUFFOCATED. NOTHING COMPARES TO NIKE, ITS JUST THEY DONT LAST FOR THE PRICE WE PAY..
B006JCTRDO Socute!!! My son loves this shoes. They look adorable comfortable definatly recommended. I bought the greens and blue ones the colors are very boy like and they look awesome with jeans!
B006OEY2NC this is the best golf shoe I have ever worn I usually look for sneaker like golf shoes because I walk all the time but of those none has fit as comfortable as these. Usually Puma run way too narrow for my big feet but they make their golf shoes in E extra width sizes??? I always like the style of Puma but can never wear them. The soft spikes grip very well, as good as regular shoes but when I played golf with a kid the other day that hits the ball 300 yards with untied skateboard shoes it makes me question the validity of golf shoes in general. Very comfortable and supportive, they only took one round to break in for me and they were still more comfortable than any golf shoe I have worn.
B006OEY2NC Nice Golf Shoes My husband says these shoes fit perfect. They are comfortable and look good. He walks a lot when golfing and these shoes have good grip and seem to be well made. He expects that from Puma. The shoe strings are somewhat spongy (stretchy) so he's going to get a pair of regular cotton laces.
B006OFK01E These are like marshmallows These are so comfortable. It's like wearing a marshmallow on your fit, I couldn't be happier with the comfort level of these shoes.
B006QO2XP4 Very nice I've had my shoes for about two months now and I like them a lot. I have the red ones and they are actually a nice dark pink color. They are very comfortable and easy to slip on and off. They also look stylish. I even like these better then the lakyos 2, which I also have.
B006QOIEY8 Great shoes Love them, but the only thing that i thought was strange was that the areas that are purple on the picture are actually white in real life. Oh well though, they were cheap and are comfortable, so I won't complain
B006QOIP88 Great Shoes These sneaker are light, comfortable and cool looking.  I wear them casually and for running.  Great pair of sneakers to buy.
B006QOIQ4Q puma running needed another running shoe, have always used puma, this ones okay, not the best i've ever had, but it will do for now.
B006QOJ3HK Awesome shoes They are comfortable and my feet did not hurt after running a 5K. Perfect running shoes whether your a first time runner or a long time runner
B006QOJ8PM Great I've been running with a lot of shoes for 8-9 years, I love these shoes and they look amazing. I've been running on these for about 7 months and just now the bottom layer has started to peel on the sides. Would recommend these to all of my friends
B006QOJ8PM Cater for thick socks The shoes look awesome. However I forgot to compensate for thick socks. This the shoes felt a wee bit tight
B006QOJ8PM Shoes look cool I like these shoes.  There is not much of a sole if you are looking for cushioning.  But my workouts are in the gym and these shoes are great.
B006QOJ8PM Running shoes I bought the shoes for my son for football and they are perfect for him to practice on the field
B006QOJ8PM Awesome shoes!!! These shoes are very very comfortable. They have a great look. The shoes were gleaming white out of the box.
B006QOJ8PM great shoes amazing for running . these shoes are amazing its worth the $, amazing for running no pain anymore i feel great after jogging or sprinting with these shoes  i definetly recommend this shoes!
B006QOJ8PM I LOVE Puma shoes - but they don't make EE size I love these shoes.  The shoes look great and are very good for running.  However, I have feet like a Hobbit and almost always require extra-wide shoes.  If I could get these in EE I would give them 100 stars.
B006QOJ8PM cheap!!!!!!!!!!!!!! these shoes were made of plastic, i know 69.00 is not alot of money for training shoes, but plastic REALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B006QOJ8PM very nice shoes Very nice shoes,,, I order for my husband he really like it,,,,its great product and the price was good. I like it
B006QOJ8PM These are great shoes and for the price i am amazed Stylish and very effective. I would purchase these anytime and they are great for running and for lounging.  A bit heavier then some other shoes but they do not wear you out.
B006QOJ8PM Good Shoes This is my first shoes from Puma.A good comfortable shoes.Design as shown on the picture.I like it !!Good black and white combination.
B006QOJ8PM very nice and cool I like the shoes ... the style, the quality.... its really good  to be used every day for running or walking
B006QOJ8PM Great shoes for the gym - not for running. Just what I was looking for to wear at the gym and for miscellaneous errands on the way in and out.  They are ok for short casual running as well, but definitely not running shoes.  Fast walking they seem to be able handle.  The soles are stiff and since they are mostly leather they do not have the flexible roll you need from true running shoes.  If you are European size 41 they are true to fit. Do not trust the US 8.5 since isn't that normally euro 42?  They are a snug fit with thin socks and work well for those who like their shoes that way.  The last time I ordered Adidas in 8.5 online they were way too big.
B006QOJ8PM Fits perfect. Feels good on foot, and feels even better when walking/running! Just pefect for training! 5 Stars PUMA
B006QOJ8PM So comfortable I have flat feet so good shoes are hard to come by, and being a college athlete, running track and rugby I am very active and these shoes really fit my active lifestyle
B006QOJ8PM Great price on amazon! I really love the look and feel of these running shoes! They definitely are true to size also. Very comfy to walk in and run in. I hope to be walking and running for a long time with these nice comfortable sneaks!
B006QOJ8PM Nice sneakers I like the look of them and the feel a little tight for my size. These are very light sneakers and they look great.
B006QOJ8PM Love my Puma's I ordered this shoe for work because the last pair of Puma's I ordered looked and felt so awesome that I decided they would be my going out shoes. I got these shoes and when I opened them they looked better than the picture.  They do have a swede look to them. I like Puma's because when I order them I know they will fit my feet as long as I order the same size.
B006QOJ8PM their Cool They fit very well nice to walk in i like the look would like some other colors, loke brown and all black.
B006QOJ8PM Embarrassingly handsom shoes! Embarrassingly handsome you say? Yea, I'm the kind of person who likes to fly under the radar and don't like a lot of attention being paid to me. I bought these shoes because I've been a fan of Puma since I bought my first pair in Germany in the early 70's. They're just flat out great shoes: comfortable, supportive, light as cotton candy, and yes extremely good looking! That's the problem---for me anyway. Be prepared for tons of attention and complements! You will get noticed--and you may (or may not) like that, but I'm sure you'll love the feel of the shoes!
B006QOJ8PM comfortable but a bit tight Ok, these shoes are amazing, they are lightweight and looks good, I've been running with these shoes for a while and I didn't feel any pain in my foot. However you might consider GOING 1 SIZE UP which was perfect for me when I got my 2nd pair. All in all awesome shoes very comfy and looks great even better than the picture :)
B006QOJ91U I have special needs I blister very easily, and am way out of shape because it's so hard to run, so running on concrete paths worries me about the impact I'll have. These shoes have been excellent so far, no complaints. I have hot spots where I blister, but this is no different than any other shoe I've ever run with, so using moleskin solves that problem and my pads never feel too bruised even from long runs.
B006QOJ91U The best! These are by far the best cross trainers I have ever owned! I have own Asics, Nike, NB, but never Puma and I will honestly never go back. They are a great design and can be worn with just about any outfit. But that's not really why you buy this type of shoe. The performance is phenomenal, running in these is like running on air. My feet don't hurt after like they usually do with every other pair I have used. These are a must buy for at least someone like me who runs moderately.
B006QOJDAW I choose this rating because the material of the shoes ... I choose this rating because the material of the shoes is very hard and has bruised my feet and I wear a 9 and I bought a size 9.5
B006QP38XY amazing shoes !!! I get looks ALL the time in these shoes , the gray part looks like you have on ankle weights but your jeans cover that up (wear jeans with these !)
B006QP38XY This Puma shoes are awesome I must say that i recieved the shoes and it was excactly what i was expecting.. I like them so much... The color and the height were good... But you must walk carefully so you wont scratch them with concrete or even the pavement because the material they're made of is not soo resistent.. Summing up: Good quality product. PUMA
B006QP3CCQ My Daugther love this shoes This Shoes are beautiful, my daughter love it and she said that feel good and look great and the price is better . this shoes arrived on time.
B006QPLVA6 Great shoes It fits perfect, I like the design I like the weight i got to get me a black. Go Puma!!!
B006QPN75I Great shoes! The shoes were perfect! The size was good, the package came as expected. The picture was very similar to the actual product.
B006QQ0Y7G Ultra comfort and sleek design I have had this pair for about 3 days and put it through a lot; however, it came out on top on every occasion. They are also great looking and feel comfortable whether you are running or walking. I am giving it 4 stars because I thought they would look much better and I prefer the puma heel design from '07/'08 which is almost impossible to find anymore.
B006QQ11H8 Beautiful shoes... Excellent design, I am very impresses with the style of this shoes...really are equal to the picture, are comfortable and light.Arrive on time.
B006QQ1HZ4 so interesting to see these shoes are like nothing you have seen before.  they are pretty awesome. so if you think you will like them you probably will.  i did
B006QQI3ZQ Returned for color I feel like these shoes looked darker in the online picture. I got them and they looked too much like &#34;old man&#34; grey shoes.
B006WDN6B4 Feels like I'm running on air! Feels like I'm running on air! I just got these, mostly because of the price, and I absolutely love them! I am a runner and I literally feel weightless with them on. Super comfortable and stylish as well. I'd recommend these to anyone!
B006WDN6B4 Not a good shoe Like other reviewers have said, these shoes are not comfortable and seem to be made of some sort of stiff thin material.  The picture is deceiving because it looks like they have some cushion and the material does not appear as it really is.  I've only worn these once since getting them because they are so uncomfortable.
B006WDN6B4 Cheap material I was very disappointed in the materials used to construct the upper part of the shoe.  It looks and feels like the thin mesh material used to make reusable grocery bags. Lightweight shoe, yes, but it does not feel like it will last.Update: I decided to try wearing these shoes around all day.  They are not comfortable and they are really unattractive up close.  It's difficult to believe these are actually made by Puma.
B006WDOZJG Comfortable and light I bought these shoes last year and was surprised at how light they were, it felt like I was walking around barefoot. I was uncertain as to how it would be for walking or running long distances, but since a coworker (who is an avid runner) was talking about using lightweight shoes I decided to give it a try. The first few times I wore them I went for long walks since I didn't trust it off the bat to go for a run but I was surprised the my feet didn't hurt like my previous running shoes. I don;t consider myself a runner, but these shoes have certainly made transitioning into running much easier. I I've probably gone on a dozen runs plus countless miles of walking and they're still holding up. I would recommend for people to give them a try, they're not for everybody but I really think they're worth the money.
B006WDOZJG Wear these for running The big craze in running these last few years has been the "barefoot" running.  When I lived in the mountains of Pa, I was able to do this on some nice, deserted logging trails, and it was like being six again.  I'd had more than a few loggers or hunters stop and ask me what my problem was.  I also run on the treadmill without shoes.  But when I can't run barefoot, I wear these, and they are my primary running shoe for training for a half marathon.  If you are used to wearing what I call "big clompers", I'd ease into these babies, but when you do, you'll not go back.  Your legs and feet will feel so much stronger because those muscles in your feet will not be atrophied, ensconced in big casts of shoes.  Makes me wonder why people spend all their money on the "NIKE FREE's" and such gimmicky shoes, when all they need to do is buy these PUMAS.  I've also had great success with swim shoes as my main running shoes.  But these look more "normal".
B006WDOZJG Love these shoes Perfect shoes for the gym, which is why I purchased them. I use them on the elliptical and they let my feet breathe because of the mesh material. I am not sure how they fare for long distance running but for light exercise they are perfect.
B006ZNNYPE Puma Faas 800s are the only running shoes I will buy!!! The Faas 800 is the best running shoe I have ever used hands down.  This is actually the second pair I have owned and I am in the process of purchasing a third pair.  I am an over pronator, heal striker and these shoes have been amazing.  The Faas 800's are very, very comfortable.  It is rather amazing that Puma was capable of making the 800's this comfortable yet remain this light.  I can't say enough positive things about this shoe.  Just buy them, you won't be disappointed.
B006ZNNYPE Ug-O I knew I was taking a gamble on these shoes, they rated well on some running reviews, but man this is an ugly shoe. They fit okay...a bit on the smaller side than I expected. A tad bit stiff in the sole. The picture gives it an appearance of some curve to the sole, but don't be fooled. These look like something your grandfather would wear.
B006ZNNYPE Good shoes for gym Good runnig shoes. Very light and convenient. Look a bit heavy but is not in fact. It is ver good for gym and running. Probably not too good for casual events.
B006ZNNYPE Great Light Running Shoe I bought these shoes when they were just out about a year and a half ago for 100 euro (now 60 euro). I wanted something reasonable light for the odd race, but with enough cushion for longer road runs too. I have a moderate over-pronantion so I researched a few options and tried on a few different pairs. I was not disappointed by these shoes. I got the black and green coloured shoe which looks pretty good (white inner sole is a little obvious for my liking - hence one star deduction), some of the colours are pretty naff! I do about 30km a week in mine and they have lasted fine up to now (over a year and a half). They have a perfect amount of cushion and feel natural and comfortable throughout the run (not heavy or contrived or like they are fighting your natural running movement like some trainers). I have had no injuries whatsoever in the time I have had them, which says a lot too. I intend to buy a new pair of green ones this week and they massively reduced price is a real bonus. I really hope Puma is not considering replacing this shoe as it is definately one of the best around at what it does.
B006ZO2ZJY Dissapointed I ordered Puma SLX Fuujin J running shoe in purple in size 8 along with 3 other brand shoes. (taking advantage of amazon prime and returns)The Pumas run small as did the other Pumas I have. I loved the color of these shoes but they are too lite weight for what I would put them through. They don't have enough support to make them comfortable for very long. I gave them 2 stars because the color and style are very attractive. The shoes I kept are a pair of Solomon XR Mission Trail Running shoes. They are great!
B006ZO3U0C Sprinting shoes Nice fit and very light shoes. Great for sprinting.  My son loves it! The material feels cheap though. The Usain Bolt signature is not very clear. Great shoes nevertheless.
B0071BW9KK Not like the picture The picture makes it look like they're dark grey with dark pink or a maroon like color- they're actually really light grey, closer to silver, with hot pink, like flourescent pink. The little tag on the back in the picture will rub on your achilles tendon for at least the first 4 or 5 times you wear them, so they have to be broken in thoroughly before you can walk far or run in them. Otherwise, they're comfortable, but if you have wide feet I'd suggest against them as they're very narrow.
B0071BW9KK Love these shoes! My new favorite pair of shoes. Looks good, feels good, I never want to take them off!If you like Puma shoes, You'll like these!
B0071EAEFO Awesome Totally recommend this article, fits perfect, looks amazing one of my favourite pair of shoes, if i can say anything bad about them is that they get dirty very quik, but the material is also easy to clean. The colors are the same as the picture the design were jus what I was looking for.
B0073FQRHA Mens pumas I ordered these mens pumas for my fianc&eacute;. He has not yet worn them due to the fact he is not currently home but I sent him a picture and he loved the look of them. I was a little concerned about the material of them because they almost feel like swimming shoes but started thinking they will be good for in the summer time as mens feet tend to sweat and they will be able to breathe better than in most shoes. The shoes are way to big for me but I put them on and they do have a comfortable feel to them. My reason for a 4 star rating is because I just don't yet know the overall quality of them since they haven't been broken in yet.
B0073FQRHA Nice running shoe I have just purchased my third pair of the Puma Ryjin running shoes.They are light weight neutral shoes. Not too much cushion but not minimalist either.I ran a marathon in my first pair of Ryjins
B0073G9NNO my son loves these shoes I recommend this product for long distance runners, my son LOVES his shoes he describes then like running on air. they are comfortable, although he wears a size 12 these shoes are neat and not big and clumsy, and the icing in the cake is Prime sports gives excellent customer service I will order from them again.
B0073G9NNO Great fit! These shoes were true to size!  They were comfortable and were perfect for running track! If you are looking for a great track shoe then this is it!
B0073G9RI0 Light and comfortable I just began running again and I really like these shoes.  I am about 40 pounds overweight and tend to step on my heels.  I have not had any pain with these shoes.  I have had no blisters.  There was no breaking in period for these.  They are not heavy and breath well.
B0073GAUC2 puma shoes I love these shoes, they are like walking with nothing on they are so light weight and the air flows through to keep my feet cool.
B0073GAUC2 Great pair of running shoes. I love these shoes. I literaly ran holes in my last running shoes so I ordered these and  I really like them. They are light weight and very comfortable. It feels like I'm running on air. Great shoes!!!!!
B0073GAUC2 To amateur I always had bought puma training shoes, but this shoes wasn't good enough...maybe for walk, not for running.I must bought other shoes for run.
B0073IO2VK Great sneakers! I LOVE these running shoes! They are so light it doesn't feel as if I even have shoes on! Would definitely buy them again!
B0073IR6PE Unique I consider these shoes to be unique simply because I have never before found a shoe that combines style, support, and a &#34;sporty&#34; feel. Let's be honest, if you care about your feet and your ankles, you should never buy footwear that does not offer adequate support. I have rolled my ankles too many times in the past, so now I need to be pickier with my shoe selection, but I don't want to sacrifice style. This shoe is the first that I have found that really offers it all.The first thing that you will notice is that they are so lightweight. If you have to take off and run for the bus at the drop of a hat, you won't feel clunky or awkward running in these. They really feel like running shoes and you can definitely use them as running shoes even though they are high tops.I gave these shoes 5 stars, although I cannot tell you yet how durable they are yet. I can tell you that they feel solidly built considering how light they are. Also, even though I gave these shoes 5 stars, not all feet are the same and I feel like I took a big risk ordering these without having tried them on beforehand. These shoes are for slightly narrower, longer feet. My feet are a little wider and shorter than average, but these still feel great even though the fit isn't &#34;perfect&#34;. I bought a D and I'm not sure if E sizes are available. Either way, I'm happy with these and I will not be looking to change them. I still give these a 5 no matter what. If you're into the high top look but want to have the running show feel, you NEED to at least give these a try.
B0073IR6PE Great shoes for running, but the easily catches dirt. This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Really good for running. Not to mention it looks stylish too.Cons: Some parts of the shoe easily catches dirt, I don't know what that material is called. I ordered the white/red one, and got dirty on my first run, and I ran mostly on pavement. I'm planning to dye mine with darker color like gray. Also it may be irrelevant to others, this style is made in China. I'm not saying it's a rip off, it's a real Puma and has very good build. I would just preferred something made in Vietnam or somewhere else.
B0073IR6PE it's nice yes it's nice but it fits too big. I am a size 7 and ordered a 7 since it is women's running shoes so I thought the sizes would be the same. WRONG!! I had to order a 5.5 and it still fits a little too big but the 5 fit too small. I like them and they do not hurt when running only thing I have a hard time putting it on and it always pisses me off. other than that I like them!
B0073IR6PE Running or Basketball? I feel like these are more basketball shoes, maybe even cross trainers, but definitely not long distance running shoes. Amazing shoes!
B0073IR6PE Hubby said not good for running He wears this AT&T; he lab. It's good for being on ur feet for long period of time. He's an army dentist.He bought Adidas sneakers for running at a local mall with military discount. Adidas is worth the price he said.
B0073IR6PE Excellent Compromise I've always ran with cushion shoes, but recently just wasn't running as fast and thought a change would help.  I've never ran in Pumas, but after seeing the price and reading a few reviews i thought i would try out the Evospeeds.  I thought it was ingenious to have ankle support, and was surprised at how light and flexible the shoes were.  First time out I did 1.5 mi and was really impressed that i didn't get shin splints with thinner shoes than I'm used to running in.  I haven't looked back since.  I'm in a running class now and learning a lot about different shoes and what they do for you.  For me it's the perfect hybrid of a minimalist and cushioned running shoe.  I can definitely see an increase in leg strength (the running class workouts help a lot too) and overall performance in my running.  Excellent shoes for an excellent price (got mine for $38).  I got a pair for a friend in the military and he loves them too.
B0073IR6PE Awesome !!! These are one of the finest running shoes out there... very stylish n very comfortable... the heel area is soft n running is easier compared to others... They can easily be worn as sneakers with jeans also... overall excellent quality n price :)
B0073ITVP2 awesome Super comfaratable super lite good material these shoes are great I recommend these as running shoes or even shoes just to wear casually
B0073ITVP2 sweet shoes These shoes exceeded expectations. They are like wearing socks with soles! Great cushoning cool design just an all around great purchase for about $40
B0073ITVP2 Bolt Evo......fits like a glove These shoes fit perfectly for my husband. He says it's like runningon air/cotton but still supports his feet.Very lightweight and flexible, makes running a breeze.He loves it.
B0073IUO62 Puma Women's Cell Tolero running shoe Puma Women's Cell Tolero running shoes - These shoes are so durable and comfortable! I liked my first pair so much I just purchased another pair.
B0073IUO62 Like them I like them.  They are a little stiff when you first wear them but so stretch a little after some use
B0073IV0AQ She loves this sneaker!!! My wife needed a pair of running shoes... got her these and she is very excited about walking, running and riding in them!
B0073J7VFS ROCKING !!! Quite unusual . I like the camouflage look it stands out . also love the compartments.. awesome product by PUMA
B0073J8SG4 Awesome Bought these for my husband, wasn't sure if "I" would like them.  He loves them, but I do feel like they look a little old school and are little too leathery looking.
B0073JM59K Very nice shoe I like the design and look of it. To me very comfortable. They look cool wearing them. Definitely buy again.
B0073XIITC I like my running shoes! My Running shoes have a nice design and are very comfortable. I like them a lot for their color and form.
B0073XIITC Not Cross-Trainers I bought these shoes for the gym and cycling, but they are running shoes.  They are very stiff, so that makes them good for cycling.  I would not run in them.  They are comfortable, though I wish I would have gotten a lighter color!  I live in SW Florida and the sun heats them up fast!
B0073XIITC Great workout shoe I really like the Puma Tazon 5 sneaker. I do workout DVD's and these have been great. I really love the look-it's getting hard to find sneakers that aren't wild/bright  colors.
B0073XIITC Great Shoes These shoes are a great pair of shoes. They were a little small but I've gotten them worn in so now they are great. They are comfortable and great shoes to wear when you are up and running around all day.
B0073XIITC KICKING AROUND I am a fitness professional and have to be in athletic shoes 8+ hours a day. These proved to be comfortable and supportive. I wouldn't use these more for walking or cross training. They are definitely not supportive or cushioned enough for running. They are however, great if your looking for a comfortable and stylish fitness shoe to take you from the gym to running errands.
B0073XIITC I love them, but.... These shoes look awesome, but the man-made materials just do not look like they are going to last.  After wearing them a few times, they are starting to crack.
B0073XIITC Great shoes I was very pleased overall with my new puma running shoes. Fits great, wonderful price, and they are very comfortable
B0073XIITC Review on Puma Running Shoes I love them!  They were shipped and delivered so soon!  It was my Birthday present to myself and couldn't be happier with them!  Very comfortable and they look great!
B0073XIITC Puma Received my shoes promptly before estimated delivery date. Shoes run true to size I think but the sole seems really thin on toe of shoe I hope they hold up for a while but kind if doubt look cheap made
B0073XIITC Very pleased! I'd never ordered running shoes online before, but decided to bite the bullet because of the free shipping (lovely!). I anticipated them not fitting and having to exchange/return them, but I was so pleasantly surprised when they arrived! They fit perfectly and are true to size. Not to mention, they're so cute! Plain, but not boring. Very stylish in comparison to the current trend of ridiculous-colored running shoes. I'd definitely recommend and would order again.
B0073XIITC Pretty shoes They look and feel great. A lil stiff outta the box but that is expected. Just started running in em and love em just like my old Pumas.
B0073XIITC perfect this beautiful shoes are jut perfect for running with little impact on the kneesi love them, it's like running on a cloud
B0073XIITC LOOK GREAT! I love way these shoes look. I bought them for work. Unfortunately, they are not the most comfortable shoes for 12 hour shifts, but they work to switch on/off with other shoes. They are very easy to clean. I've already received lots of complements :)
B0073XIITC Nice Shoes I really like the shoes but as some other people have said in their reviews, my heel slips up and down when I wore them.  I think I am going to have to return them even though I really like them.  If I used thicker socks then they would be too small.
B0073XIITC Not crosstraining shoes as the description and product title indicates These are running shoes and not cross training shoes as stated. When you receive the product it will clearly say running shoes on the labels.
B0073XIITC Puma Tazon Running Shoes I do like the shoes a lot. The only thing I have noticed is there is a squeak in the toe (I don't know why).  They are roomy, and comfortable, and have not rubbed any blisters (another good thing).
B0073XIM5W So mad! So I wanted the white and green shoes shown in the picture, but I got these grey and green shoes. I'm extremely pissed. I called Amazon and after talking to a woman who couldn't really speak English, I had to repeat myself 5 time to get her to understand the shoes in the picture are not the shoes I got, finally she seemed to understand, come to find out they don't have the shoes in the picture.
B0077BXRKK What a nice shoes When you determine to purchase this shoes, consider to go lager.I think that this shoes runs small about 5~10mm.and extremely comfortable, light and colorful.However, it looks like somewhat filmsy.
B0077BXRKK Great New Technology! The new no tie system is great and the shoes are very comfortable and are great for running in. I hope they last as the mechanism seems like it could fail anytime. I love the cooler and they look great. Just putting them on makes me feel good. I have worn a lot of shoes in my time but never Puma. I highly recommend this shoe.
B0077BXRKK White material soaks up dirt most comfortable shoes on the market, but the material used for them was... just silly, why would anyone make a shoe out of a material that soaks up dirt like these do? expect them to get dirty in two days of wearing,,,
B0077CKFCW I love puma is a good pair of shoes by puma, looks nice and very confortable simply in colors how I like me
B0077CLM2E Like I like this brand and recomend you for all your products, shoes, sportwear, etc. It a shoes confortable and nice.
B0077CZ5UO Great shoes! I like em. Use your money and purchase a pair.These shoes fit my feet great! My stupid lonely feet.I think whatever material the fronty bit is made of won't like, you know, last forever... but whatever the shoe looks cool enough.Shut up and buy it already!
B007J4B1QM very comfortable the spikes at the bottom give an massage sliper feeling, better design the their prederssser.  Cant give it five stars as they are not your true running shoes like asic, more for everyday use and fashion.
B007JASSKI Great Product Recieved. I Got my Shoes They Run Good  They Look Like the Ones in the Picture. Great Product. Thank You. ..
B007JASSYO i like that excelent product , I liked very much and I recommend, are of excellent material and look greatand one of the things I like is the silver, as the name says, are the future.
B007JAT2EY There's something to be said about paying more for shoes The shoes were quite inexpensive.  I have size 14 feet and it's quite hard to find shoes and brick and mortar stores.  Unfortunately, the shoes, while looking pretty rad, are really tight around the toes.  The material used to make the shoes feels less than durable as well.Shipping was fast, price was spot on and style was a bonus.Quality of shoe was a downer and fit on my foot is frustrating.
B007M6BCZW Great shoes, Great look, Great comfort I would recommend these shoes to anyone interested in playing some indoor soccer.  I love the look and really like the feel.  They fit snug and feel have very little weight to them.  I love the look of this pair, but the color ensures that scuffs will show.  Especially playing on turf fields, the wihite will develop grey marks quickly.  That is the only downfall I have found after my first couple uses.  If that is an issue look into their other color options.  But overall, this is a great shoe.
B007MAYD2C Great I love the product, my doughter like this shoes because they are so comfortable and light she wants to wear them everyday to school. They can really hold the running around she does everyday.
B007MAYD2C Super cute shoes These shoes are very cute.  My 3yr old loves that they are &#34;sparkly&#34; I like the PUMA shoes because they are low profile instead of clunky like some tennis shoes.
B007MC1CHE Sleek style. I always like to purchase pumas for my daughter. The only thing I would say is that they look purple in this picture and when I received it was blue but other than that I love them!
B007MF7IRY awesome design the shoes fit perfectly. it is very comfortable and light. they look very nice with jeans and also with my athletic pants. I like them so much I order same shoes but on black. What else can I say? This are worth the price.
B007P4OF5A it is so confortable i like it because its kind of thick yet not so hot like it looks, great price also, i like the puma logo
B007PK68MW Running Shoes The shoes fit great and are so comfortable. This is the first pair of Pumas I have purchased, and I love them.
B007Q36ALC Looks cheap Quite disappointed with this sneakers. It looks way better on the website than in reality. The Puma picture print looks fake and cheap and the general look of the sneakers looks like its not an original product. Only the packaging was nice.
B007Q36ALC puma looks great! this shoes looks even better as pictured. Not heavy and size is perfect:) My son enjoy wearing this puma shoes.
B007SLGLX4 Great Shoes! These shoes are well made and look great.  The best part is the criss-cross velcro straps.  They make it super easy for my son to put his shoes on himself.
B007SM2M2W Not as sparkly in real life These kiddo kicks seem to fit well and run true to size, but they're not quite as sparkly as the picture makes them out to be thanks to a layer of clear-ish plastic over the sparkly material (presumably to protect it). My daughter and I like them, but we don't love the look as much as we thought we would - a real disappointment at this steep price.
B007TH1UYC Amazing running shoes! These shoes are perfect for wearing without socks. I know that can get a little smelly, but I found it to be more comfortable. I probably got around 400 miles out of these shoes running on roads. These are honestly the best running shoes I've ever used. I just wish Puma would make them again...
B007TJMGKM puma shoes nice looking shoes and very well what it looked like on the sight as i thought they would be like
B007USEG6E Cool design but the material suffocates my feet I really like the design and loved the packaging the shoes came in. The only problem I have with the shoes is that the material seems to suffocate my feet. My feet get hot quick in these shoes.
B007UTW59S Puma Runner These shoes are very comfortable and yet stylish.  I feel like I have a little more pep to my step.  Sizing is true.  I wear and 81/2 or 9 typically.  However, because this is a running shoe I chose 9 and it works perfect for me.  Love puma shoes and I always feel safe ordering their sizes online.
B008A64UCU great  shoes These shoes are my favorite  the  are so comfortable.  I  got  in  blue and  black  too thats how much i  like them
B008A6BB9U I call it my King Koopa shoes! I was looking for cheap, cute and easy to wear shoes. These are surprisingly comfortable. I used to buy chunky heavy running shoes because I thought they provided better support. They did but it they were heavy and bulky. These crosstraining shoes from Puma were a gamble and they are comfortable, easy to wear, look fresh (Ive gotten many compliments), my feet can &#34;breathe&#34; in them. I walk a lot at work and I have no aches at the end of the day. For the price $45 they are worth it.
B008A6C4RS Love these shoes These shoes are really comfortable.  The synthetic material on the uppers and the tongue of the shoe feels funny to the touch at first, but when the shoes are on they feel just great...I've gotten lots of complements on them. Everyone is looking for these neon colors and the colors are very true to the way it looks on the page. In most shoes I wear a 10, but having had experience with Pumas before, I find a 101/2 in their brand fits me better.
B008A6CIL0 Puma Red Nylon Shoe Very disappointed in this shoe, and ended up returning them as soon as I received them. They looked so cute in the picture but when they arrived they looked VERY cheap. Upon trying them on they were uncomfortable and are made out of some kind of bizarre, papery, thin material in some parts. ?? The material they are made out of literally made a papery crinkling noise as I walked around! So ridiculously cheap.
B008A6JSFE puma shoes I love my puma they are great light, great for running, I recived the product very fast. look just like pic. . I would buy again from this seller
B008A6JWU0 Perfect shoes Simply divine, comfortable, they look exactly like the picture, perfect to wear with jeans, cool on hot days. I love these shoes
B008A6JZG6 Love these I had bought some shoes from Walmart, but they made my feet fall asleep as I was working out for some reason haha, and the soles came out eventually anyway.  These shoes are bare minimum, they're super light and don't have a bunch of things inside that add to the structure that could possibly come out with wear, like the soles from my Walmart shoes.  I have fat feet and weigh *a lot*, but these fit fine.  I'm not sure about the cross training though, I mean they're great for walking/running and on the elliptical or something, but anywhere with loose dirt I wouldn't wear them.  I wore them to the grand canyon and didn't feel safe, and I wore them walking up a small mountain and didn't feel secure, and it was pretty terrifying coming down actually haha, so these are definitely flat, man-made ground shoes.  I didn't like the color in the picture, I try not to stand out, but they grew on me, I'm happy with the purchase overall :-)
B008A6K4HU These Shoes Online these shoes look awesome,unfortunately for me the shoes I received were not what I was expecting,I have no idea how there was a mix up,but in the future I'll stick with ging to my nearest Marshalls or TJMaxx
B008A6KHRC Perfect I love it my cross training shoes. The colors are the same in the picture and they are very comfortable
B008A6KIZS Nice Shoes These shoes are so light and airy when you walk in them.  They feel like you have nothing on and that's what I love about them!
B008A6KTKC Great, supportive walking or running shoes Love these shoes. My first Pumas ever purchased! It took me a bit to break them in, but they are my go-to shoe now.
B008A6KTKC Not as expected. I like the look of the shoes. However, they are tight and narrow in the toes and the ankles feel weird because the tongue of the shoes doesn't pull out like other shoes.
B008A6KTKC good it so nice ,simple I like training shoes  , it very soft .I recommend to everyone who like training shoes to buy it.
B008A6KTKC Love them! These are the best running shoes I've ever had. They are so comfy and when I walk/jog it feels like I'm walking/jogging on clounds. I've received a lot of compliments! Fun colors! :)
B008A6KTKC great shoes I really like them, particularly the toungue or lack of it,actualy. They fit well and running in them is a pleasure.
B008A6KTKC MODERN SHOES !!!! A beutiful running shoes. Modern !!!!!Comfortable. True as size.BEAUTIFULL !!!!Since I put it all my friends look and said &#34;genial shoes!!!&#34;
B008A6KTKC Not just right for my feet. These were the things that factored into my returning the shoes.  I was not expecting the all-in-one tongue to be a problem.  But it made it difficult to easily put on and take off these shoes.  Also I need a well-defined padded arch, which these didn't have.  The heal was just a little too wide for my heal.  Otherwise, I thought they were well-made.  The colors and style were terrific for a more stylish running shoe.  Had these problems not been present, I certainly would have been very happy with them.
B008A6KTKC These are not cross-training shoes! They are for running! PUMAs are one of my favorite shoes, and I was very excited to get these in Turquoise.  However, they were returned as they are a running shoe, not a cross-training shoe. The box says running shoe, and if you look them up online, they are labeled a running shoe as well.  The description on Amazon says cross-training and I mentioned that in my reason for returning them but it looks like they are still mislabeled.Gorgeous shoe and if you need them for running, I'm sure they're fantastic!
B008A6KTKC Great Shoes I would recommend these shoes to anyone who works on their feet a lot or is walking/running!  I wear mine without socks now that summer is here with no problems!  I recently started walking/running and I wear these shoes with no problem!  Just a great tennis shoe!!  Getting ready to order another pair in a different color!
B008A6KTKC Heavy running shoes I was looking for something light and comfortable. But these running are not. However I like the design and color.
B008A6KTKC heavy pair of shoes I order it because I was attractive by its look and color.unfortunately, after I tried it on, I felt its too heavy.size also runs larger on me.so I will return and do more shopping.
B008A6KTKC Fantastic Shoes I really like these shoes, they are comfortable and flexible. The only complaint is they are a bit heavy but once on I do not feel it as much. My last running shoes were Nike Frees so it has been an adjustment. Overall they are great and my feet feel wonderful after a long run or cross-training!
B008A6KTKC Absolutely awesome shoes I have purchased many walking and running shoes in the past that were good , But this pair of Puma shoes not only look GREAT (the color will knock your socks off) , but they are the best fitting shoes that I have ever put my feet in.  These shoes feel like they have already been broken in.  I would recommend these great looking shoes to anyone that wants a high end shoe at a reasonable price.
B008A6KTKC best running shoes yet These are so comfortable and great. I will buy more.  These are by far the best running shoes I have bought.
B008A6KTKC It felt like I was walking in a wooden box. I've been running for 20 years; this is the worst pair of suppose running shoes I've ever tried on. Even if one is walker or runner these shoes are not for running- at all
B008A6KTKC Good looking shoes I actually think they look better in the picture than the actual picture, but are fitting as expected and look good. I am not sure if I will purchase from this seller in the future.NA
B008A6KTKC Really cool shoes The shoes are really nice and look great. They fit okay with socks but there is no wiggle room at all. They do slide on and off pretty easliy on my foot. I use the shoes as my walking shoes for my wellness break at work. I get a lot of compliments on the style and color. I really like the shoes.
B008A6KTKC Great color and look Great looking running shoes but not as confortable as other ones I've purchased in the past. This was my first Puma shoe.
B008A6KTKC Love this puma cross-training shoe It looks just like the picture, fits my foot, and is unexpectedly comfortable!! Love this color!!Well worth the investment - I am extremely pleased with this product!!
B008A6KTKC great shoes Great shoes. they fit perfectly. They are light and they are just cool to wear.Colors are exactly like the picture
B008A6KTKC like shoes! Only gave 4 stars because the shoes do not have a normal tongue. Difficult to get on. however, I got used to it. Very comfortable and cute.
B008A6KTKC amazing. love them. I love these running shoes! They are so comfortable.  They have mesh like material ontop four breathing room so your feet some get to hot while running.  Super comfy.
B008A6KTKC Great Looking Shoes These shoes are very cute, just a bit bright for me so I sent them back.  They are comfortable and very well made.  The tongue is actually part of the shoes, that was something I thought might take some getting used to.  I really liked these shoes but didn't love them, mostly because the color was too intense.
B008A6KTKC O.... The comfort Love &#128156; these shoes!! They are so comfortable, and for the price.... Can't beat it!! Pumas are a great brand.... They don't need to be broke in like most shoes.... They feel gr8 as soon as u put them on your feet&#128515; LOVE EM.... Not the mention the colors are bright&#128526;
B008AILQJI Look great I Iike the shoes a lot.  They look great and are very light.  They are great for casual wear.  Good shoes.
B008AILQJI For show not for B-boying/B-girling I do consider these shoes for looks, very fresh.  What I like about these shoes, they're the lightest shoes ever.  What I dislike it's not for Breaking, the soles of the shoes are slippery.  But other than that if you don't B-boy or B-girl, then you're good to go.  Otherwise I'd rate these shoes out of 5 if I didn't B-boy.
B008AJZBG6 Five Stars Every body like my BMW puma shoes
B008AKOFGW Super nice shoes Shoes are really nice, nicer than they look in the picture, i bought them too small, but that was my fault, i will buy a new pair with the right size
B008AKOFGW great shoes get you some if you want a light pair of shoes for running or biking. Awesome ! great fit and comfortable.
B008AL33QE Love these shoes Not only do these shoes look great, they fit like I believe a size 10 should fit, and they are comfortable.  If you are looking for a running shoe or a shoe to work out in then look elsewhere. In my opinion these shoes are for casual wear. I now own two pairs and I will own more.
B008AL33QE very nice puma shoes These shoes is very nice,I am glad that i bought them they look even more beautiful i my hands than on the web....8~D
B008AL33QE Very nice shoes, perfect fit. Before buying these go to your local shoe store that sells Pumas and try their other shoes. It seems like Pumas use different measuring scale or something so the size might different from Nike shoes or Addidas.  I've been wearing Pumas for the last 3 years and I never had problems with the size when I buy online.The Future Cats themselves are amazing, although I would recommend to only wear them for looks. I wore them for a full work day (mostly walking around) and my feet got really tired by the end of the day. That doesn't happen if I wear my casual pair of shoes.* Fun bonus: If you're in the dark room with black lights (like a club), neon orange glows really bright and it's really noticeable.
B008AL36G6 EXCELEN!! I RECIVED IN GOOD CONDITIONS OLSO THE PAIR OF SHOES ARE VERY GOOD AS THE PICTURE SHOWS ME!! I RECOMMENT IT!!
B008AL3L0C good i like so much puma shoes, and because they are very comfortable shoes,with very good designs and modern too.
B008ALI936 Come on, dude, they're flippin' Pumas. I was looking for a work shoe that was professional, yet allowed me the ability to commute on my bicycle. I didn't want to end up with 'dad shoes' like Sketchers. These shoes are incredibly light and comfortable. They make my large feet look smaller on my thin body. Having worn Puma racing sneakers for a while, I knew what to expect sizing-wise (pretty much order a half size up). I'm on my feet at the front desk of a hotel, and these kicks feel really good after having worn them for a few weeks. They are faux leather, which means that the seemingly cramped toe will quickly mold itself to your foot. Also, i wanted something that would look good on the streets, with expensive jeans, which they certainly do. I don't expect much durability, as I'm rough on shoes in general, but they are a good value.-Delivery was prompt, and easily tracked via the interweb-These shoes look more like the Drift cat than the picture communicates-Buy these shoes, and stop searching your life away.-Expensive jeans are awesome too.-Come on, dude, they're flippin' Pumas.
B008AWU21W Looked good online Looks a lot differnt in person, almost just seemed like rubber shoes, didn't actually seem like a normal pair of shoes and there was no way to make them tight, so they were extremly lose
B008AWUB54 Great everyday shoe or low profile running shoe. I love wearing lower profile shoes and find it makes me better at barefoot running.  I wear them constantly they are my favorite shoes for the gym and to wear with jeans.
B008AWW7Y2 Fit perfect, comfortable, tons of compliments. I don't know if the picture is universally appealing for this, it was to me.  Glad I got these because EVERYONE tells me how nice they look.  Just like the Reebok R12 TXT sneakers I got, I wore these at Comic Con in Salt Lake City and they were way comfortable and made it so my feet didn't hurt after being there 8-9 hours walking and standing a lot.They actually look way awesome in real life if the picture doesn't show that.  They worked very well walking around Salt Lake City streets as well while going places to eat and shopping.
B008AXTOQ0 :) nice running shoe Nice novice running shoe.  Will buy another pair if needed.  Nice fit.  Color is good for running in dim lighting like evening and early morning.  So far so good.  Only been running in them for two weeks but I am pleased with my purchase.
B008AXTOQ0 I run for very long time in this shoe. It is great running shoe. And was great time running. Hello. My son bought me these shoes saying &#34;papa you should run more&#34;. I rip paper off box, and see a big puma on box and get very excited. When I slip these shoes onto my feet, I get jitters running up and down my legs! It is like, a surge of energy and excitedness that makes me want to run. I run to the mail box and back. I run to the supermarket and back. I love running in these shoes. I found a bunch of people running in an oval and ran with them. Some ran fast some ran slow. I ran with them and talked about how great it felt to run. I ran home and ran to the bedroom. Now my wife says I run too much, and I should walk more. especially inside the house. What is a man to do?!? My wife wants water? I run to fridge get ice and fill it with water. I then run back to bed. These make running great for everyday activities. I love these shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 very comfortable these shoes are extremely comfortable and well suited for running long distances. with sprints and up hill runs, the heel can feel a little loose but tolerable. my brooks are sill number one choice for running but these puma are a close second.
B008AXTOQ0 Ordered it for the look. Fits great too.... Ordered it for the look. Fits great too....Still breaking them in but I have done a couple of runs with these and like the way the fit. Good cushion for street running.
B008AXTOQ0 NIce shoes, and very comfortable at running time :) These shoes are pretty good for my running times. They are like gloves for my feet and fell like a cloud when i run. I love this shoes, i could improve my runnin' time when i tried 'em for the first time. You shoud use thin socks or no socks when u run to get a more comfortable experience and better enhacement on training time.
B008AXTOQ0 Awesome shoes These shoes are awesome they fit great and look amazing. Not to mention that the shoes have all of the Seahawks colors .
B008AXTOQ0 Puma Running shoe too small All my running shoes that I have purchased are 9.5.  The Puma running shoes were too small.  Perhaps people should go up half a size when purchasing running shoes.  I have ordered a size 10.  We shall see if they meet my expectations when running, stay tuned!
B008AXTOQ0 Perfect fit for my life I purchased these shoes because I needed a new set of athletic and running shoes.... These Pumas fit perfectly on my feet and they're very comfortable, too! I chose this color because I figured it would add more visibility to me because I like to ride my bike at night, plus they're pretty snazzy looking, too.I really like the mesh that they used to make the shoes because it allows for better breathability and more comfort with less sweat. I like to wear the shoes I run, hike, or ride my bike. They perform well in all environments and have never let me down, I've even worn them into work before.
B008AXTOQ0 Not good for running I bought this shoes as a replacement for my other running shoes. However, the band of the shoes that is supposed to fit by the ankle was making my feet to slide out instead of wrapping it up. It is fit as expected but so far I found this shoes not good for running. The appearance however, is nice and it is good to match any jeans for casual going out.
B008AXTOQ0 good for the money this is a decent pair of running shoes for the money, they are head turners with people commenting on the good looks
B008AXTOQ0 Comfortable shoes The shoes are very, very comfortable. It fits like a glove. I am definitely glad I invested money on these.
B008AXTOQ0 Really like these shoes I really like the way these shoes fit with the stretchy material on the inside instead of the typical shoe tongue.  I wear these to work out.
B008AXTOQ0 Shoelace too long. I Like the style, colors and air cushion. And the shoes has Discounts&#65281;So I select PUMA Voltaic 4. It' very nice.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice and Goodlooking running shoes So far so good, although it seems more a fashion shoes than a running shoe, i will use this for street run and keep the old ones adidas for mountain climb.
B008AXTOQ0 I like these shoes. These running shoes are great. They work good and look good.  When purchasing order one size up from your current size. I'm thinking about getting me a second pair.
B008AXTOQ0 Looks much better than the pictures... Really love this shoes. Comfortable to wear and light. Yes, it's a jungle out there for Running shoes, too many variaties, but this shoes fulfill my needs.
B008AXTOQ0 Is it a running or cross trainer? When i bought them Amazon listed them as cross trainers.  A week later, as running shoes.  Dont know.  Anyway they do run small so go a full size larger.  They look good but the sock tongue takes getting used to a bit.
B008AXTOQ0 I love these shoes They fit very well, quality shoe, and look awesome.  I liked them so much I purchased a second pair in different colors.  With that said, they are a little heavy for running shoes, and they are not my first choice for runs.  But they are the perfect jeans and tshirt shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Voltaic 4 Men's cross-training OKAY Yes, I know i'm not a verified buyer from Amazon. However, I ordered these from zappos. Which were relatively cheaper. I paid three dollars extra at zappos just for regular shipping. Amazon had free shipping but it was going to take over a week to even prepare. Anyways, back to the shoe. I am a 10.5 feet guy. I went ahead and ordered a 10.5. When they arrived they looked nice for sure. But as many people have stated, it can be a bit snug. Not necessarily tight. My feet are not wide and fit as expected. I am so used to wearing wide shoes in the past. Having introducing PUMA's Voltaic for sure has made a new impact on my feet. I think I might update you on later on. As its very common for new shoes to feel like "new" /snug. So hopefully my feet adjust overtime. I went walking with them for about a mile. Was still snug but felt comfortable. Then I began to run for three miles and then this is when my feet got beat up. It got sore right about the forth mile and my feet were burning. So I had to call it a day. Obviously, this was made for cross-training not sure if for running too. But it is what it is. There still nice shoes. However, be aware whatever size you are it is snug on your feet mainly towards your toes. The heel was painless. The front is where the problem is in the shoe. So if your serious about maybe running or jogging, look elsewhere. If you can take the pain and just love this particular shoe, then go for it. In the meantime I will have to take a break from running now over this new shoes. I got traction blister over this. My other shoes, Adidas did not give me this problem. Oh well..Look: 9/10Comfort for walking: 9/10Comfort for cross-fit/ running: 3/10Lookwise A+, Walking to the store A+..Intense workout F, running miles: F.. cross-training: D
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoe, but just ok for running Running isn't as great with these shoes as others I've tried in the past.  The style of the shoe is great though, but I wish they felt lighter when running.
B008AXTOQ0 Great for the gym, ok for running I am 5'9 and 200lbs. I train usually twice a day, cardio/Xfit in the AM and weights in the PM. Too much running is hard on my knees/hips. I usually alternate shoes daily and switch between running and something low impact.I have D/E width for my foot. These shoes fit, but are snug with respect to width. My foot isn't spilling over the side of the shoes, but I was expecting a little wider. They may strech out as I have only used them 3 times.I normally wear Asics and found these to be slightly heavier. They are ok for 5 kms (or 20-30 mins) but I wouldn't do 10kms + in them.I also noticed that the heel rubs. I suspect the &#34;no tounge&#34; technology has something to do with it. I did not get any blisters, but have only ran 30 mins tops with them (tightening the laces didn't help-it only applies more pressure on the top/arch of my foot).They have medium cushion and great insoles. Although it appears there isn't much in the fore foot it is actually hidden by the design.They appear to be well built and very good torsion construction (i.e. the sole is ridged left/right, but flexable front/back).I really like the design and they are even better looking in reality. Much of this purchase was driven by the fact that I wanted a pair of red running shoes (my unit colours) as oppose to a high tech 10-20km running shoe.
B008AXTOQ0 Puma running shoes These running shoes are very comfortable and light weight. The type of material it's made with helps keep your feet cool.
B008AXTOQ0 Not for running nice shoe but not for running, just to prob work out at the gym... . . .But still loves puma
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes Great shoes! Just bought my second pair. Not to expensive and look good. Snug fit but really comfortable and good for running or just casually wearing
B008AXTOQ0 Overall Good These shoes are a good fit and I like the way they look. The only thing about them I don't like is that they do feel a bit heavy.
B008AXTOQ0 Best running shoes! Best running shoes I've ever used! Great support and they don't make my feet hurt or cramp!They look amazing as well, I've never received more compliments on shoes!They definitely form to your feet in only a couple wears. Great durability and quality.100% recommend.
B008AXTOQ0 Nice shoes I like the style of the shoes. This is what I was looking for. I feel comfortable with them and they are awesome!
B008AXTOQ0 Great fit right out of the box Put them on and started running, no break-in period needed. Oh and they look awesome. Multiple colors to choose from.
B008AXTOQ0 PUMA Men`s Voltaic 4 Mesh Running Shoe My size 11,it feels good.I like this product.The delivery was fast.Product quality is good.It looks like better than picture.
B008AXTOQ0 Good shoes Haven't used them too much, but besides that they look great and feel comfortable. Bought them just to get my girlfriend off my back about not having any running shoes.
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes I use these shoes for exercise, gym and everyday uses. That being said I really like these shoes and find very comfortable. At first I really didn't like them, but it didn't take long before I found myself wearing these quite often. I really like the no tongue feature. They breathe very nice, which it like because my feet sweat a lot. One problem, I got white color and got a nasty rust stain from work that can't get out. Why did I get white!Seem to be well constructed and hopefully last me awhile.
B008AXTOQ0 Good for the price The shoes fit well, the cushioning is average, and they feel heavier after coming from Adidas Zero running shoes.  Overall not bad considering the price.
B008AXTOQ0 Very good for running I really enjoy these running shoes, only downside is if you don't tie the laces properly the shoe can come off unexpectedly (only happened while doing mountain-climbers, while running no issues at all)
B008AXTOQ0 Great shoes When I run it feels great! I love the shoes. Even if you don't run they are still great shoes for any occasion, why not getting married in Black and Gold
B008AXTOQ0 Never wore Puma before these, definitely sticking with them now, though. Awesome shoes Luckily I read the other reviews and ordered half a size bigger than my normal, so these fit perfect. This series doesn't have a tongue which is awesome, i always hate when the tongue bunches up under the laces and the lack of a tongue helps these shoes feel very form fitted. They're so snug and cushioned i just like wearing them around the house even when I'm not running.This is my first pair of pumas, I normally wear New Balances and Vibram FiveFingers, both of those are good but I like standing out a little and I saw a pair of pumas in a store and tried them on and loved them.Like I said; they're very cushioned and well fitted but with a good sturdy build on the bottom, I got the mesh style and like it, it's breathable in the toe how I like without being soft like most mesh shoes I've tried out. The arch is low, good for my feet personally, but wide which is nice. I have a pair of cross country New Balances and the arch is so narrow i feel like half of my mid foot is constantly sliding off the side, but not with these shoes. They have a good heel too, it uses Pumas gel technology I don't know much about it but it's a good soft feeling while I'm running. The only downside I would wish differently would be the grip, there's not any really its very flat, which is fine for running itself but I was originally looking for a cross training shoe I could use for multiple conditions but after wearing them around the store I just fell in love with them and got on amazon to find them in the color I wanted.
B008AXTOQ0 awesome running shoes these shoes are really comfortable. they dont have a tongue, so i never have to reach down to readjust them.  they fit as expected and are great for running.
B008AXW9PI Puma TFX Sprint 3 track Shoe These shoes were purchased for sprinting on the track only and the performances was great. Don't try them for other track events they are not designed for.
B008AXW9PI Fits perfect! These shoes fit perfectly! They were comfortable and my nephew loved the neon colors! They were true to size and were perfect for running track!
B008AXW9PI Nice track shoes so far. They fit to size, but remember that track spikes should be snug. The shoes are light, look good, and come with low-rise spikes and a standard wrench. These are sprinting to middle-distance shoes for a fast pace that uses mainly the front of your foot.
B008AXWA8O Great pair of running shoes These are so comfortable and look great. Definitely happy with my purchase. Highly recommended. Great gift for the holidays !
B008AXY38Y perfect shoes This a something I been looking for. I really like this style of shoes and I would recommend to a lot of people.
B008AXY38Y nice shoes These shoes do run a little small like the other commenters said. I like the style of Puma over Nike these days. They are really comfortable and stylish. I have bought 6 pair so far.
B008AXY38Y The best thing about this shoes is they look great! This shoes are great looking, but pretty average as far as comfort while exercising. And they are terrible as running shoes. But I can not fault them for that. If you are looking for a real serious shoe for &#34;cross-training&#34;, this is not it.
B008AXY38Y Five Stars Just like the picture and fits comfortably. Great Shoe
B008AZD5ZE Great Puma Puma Men's Braca are amazing Running Shoes, Was a gift for my husband and he loves it. Sure, I recomended. Thanks.
B008AZD5ZE lightweight and great feel These shoes have been great for my purpose.  I use them as a trainer shoe on pavement and some grass.  When they first arrived i thought they were very cheap and would tear up easily.  Instead, they are actually pretty durable, and surprisingly water resistant. They're not minimalist shoes by any means, but are very light and offer quite substantial heel padding for running on concrete/asphalt.  I'll probably buy a second pair or the replacement when these finally wear out.fits like any PUMA... most of my shoes are PUMA US 11.  wear a 11.5 in Nike.
B008AZD5ZE Excellent Running Shoes I've recently begun running on a regular basis, and realized my fee and legs were in serious pain after a couple days.  I needed new shoes desperately.  While my wife says Asics are the way to go for top of the line running shoes I didn't want to spend $100 - $150 for shoes.  These are great middle of the road (as far as price) running shoes.Compared to what I'd been wearing these were like walking on clouds as soon as I put them on.  Be warned they run a little small. I wear 12-13 typically, and have had three other pairs of Pumas that fit me in those sizes, but had to return my 13s in these for 14s.  My suggestion is to go one size bigger than your normal size if ordering online.
B008AZD5ZE These shoes are great! The shoes fit perfect and the colors are awesome! The shoes are very comfortable and I may buy another pair!
B008AZD5ZE great comfortable shoes shoes look great and feel awesome. I have used them for running on the treadmill and they feel amazing light weight. Only caution before you buy is that they get dirty easily and are no so easy to clean if you run on outside trails
B008AZEC1U good shoes Puma spyne running Great fit and good material
B008AZG59W Sweet Sneakers! They fit as sized online and look as the picture shows. They are comfortable and seem to last a while. Comfortable for running.
B008AZG59W Best all-around running shoe for me I run about 20 miles a week in a variety of conditions. I also am a bit of a sneaker/running shoe freak and own about 50 pairs. I can honestly state that these are my absolute favorite. As a result, I end up wearing many of my other shoes in casual settings but use my Puma Radius when I want to run a great time. Here's why:- Extremely comfortable. Seems to have just the right about of padding (not minimalist but not bulky) to make my feet happy.- Very breathable. Even in 90+ degrees, my feet don't feel stuffed up.- Incredibly durable. My Radius has been through about 100 miles and the only wear and tear visible are a few loose strings on the stripe.- Versatile usage. I can wear these in all temperatures and road conditions. I actually feel more comfortable in these than any of my trail shoes.- Good design. Looks nice with high socks, low socks, calf sleeves, etc. Also looks nice while wearing jeans or other casual wear.Overall, I love these. This includes all the other Pumas that I have as well. I plan on buying several more colors and hope Puma continues to make this version of the Radius for a few more years.
B008AZLCBI Excellent shoes! These running shoes are excellent! They fit comfortably and doesn't give me any problems when I'm at the gym! !
B008AZLCBI Excellent Shoes All I can say is that this running shoes, look great, feel good and the price is right. Love them, just make sure you order yours a half size larger. Puma tends to make shoes smaller the other brands.
B008DLTRCK Great looking, quality build, needs to be broken in Pros:- Great looking with bright vibrant colors (actually looks like photo)- Sturdy, thick nylon that feels substantial in your hand- Velcro is really strong, it's not flimsy or weakCons:- Bit heavy due to the thick sturdy build- Velcro is so strong, you have to pull quite hard to open it- Definately needs breaking inUndisclosed:- You can't see from the photos but there is a large raised imprint of a puma on the backside of the wallet. It is strictly a rise in the material, the pattern continues uninterrupted and from a few feet away you wouldn't even notice it. Personally I think it looks cool but if you're a minimalist, you might think it's a bit much.
B008EXQBU8 Great looking shoes The only reason why I did not give it a 5 stars is because it feels very thin and not very heavy duty. Otherwise, I love these shoes.
B008EXQBU8 The best The best running shoes I' have by in a long while time I' will by The shoes again.  Two more
B008EXQTBO PUMA Running shoe I am constantly looking for great running shoes...This one doesn't disappoint! ....love the color and fit! Kudos to the creators!
B008F063BM Very nice colors. Quality construction.  A slim fit. I very much like these shoes.  They are true to size and colors just as pictured.  As you may realize, with the thin sole these shoes are not for rough terrain or jogging. The ball of the foot does ket protection. They are great on a track or causal walking and wear. If you like a slim fit and support you will like these.  I do tend to wear sandals or clogs so I like to take these off by the afternoon if I have worn them all day.
B008F063BM Great pair of shoes I like these shoes a lot.  Not as much support as I would have liked, but very comfortable.  I wanted to wear them to work every day, but I decided I wanted to keep them looking nice and new.  Colors are wonderful.  Hope to find more in different colors.  You cannot go wrong with these shoes.
B008F068WQ Love these shoes I had been looking into getting some running shoes and saw these at the actually Puma website but they were a little too pricey even on sale. Looked on amazon and saw the price and ordered them, they are very comfortable and very easy to run with. Loved these shoes
B008F06A5Q amazing! i bought this pair of shoes as a gift for a friend's birthday...she absolutely loved them, the style, material, feel and look of the shoes.they are light, fit very comfortably and look sooo cool! my friend is a size 7.5 but i got her an 8 because she has really long toes plus the shoes are for running and feet tend to swallow when running or if it's too hot, she is super happy and so am i!totally recommend them, will be buying a pair for myself soon...
B008F06A5Q great Love these puma running shoes, they are a little bright but other than that they are awesome. I would highly recommend them.
B008F06C7C cute They look exactly like they do in the picture. I wore them to work when I got them and they were nice to work in I have to be on my feet for many hours at a time and they were comfortable. I wouldn't use these shoes for running or working out but to be at work they were nice.
B008F06C7C I like this product I bought it for my friend, and she was very happy with the fit and the comfort feel. And they look just like on the Internet.
B008F06KB0 ok if you're looking for dress shoes shiny plastic with ribbons for laces (not my style when running errands)ran large was loose around the toesI didn't like them, but they were ok built
B008F06KB0 Sharp looking, comfortable shoe I ordered these shoes because I really think Puma's look nice and they were very reasonably priced online (35 dollars). I am a size 8.5 (anywhere from 8 to 9, but in sneakers - especially the sketchers I usually wear - I'm an 8.5), so I ordered 8.5 B. They fit perfectly. The shoe looks as pictured...shiny, nice bright teal/mint green and pink stripes - main color a little more of a lighter grey than pictured. I ended up actually walking like 10 miles the second day I had the shoes. They did not need to be broken in. Although my feet were tired, I did not get any blisters, rubbing, or other discomfort. The soles are not heavily cushioned, but they were good enough to keep my feet comfortable walking. I can't do heavy exercise, but for walking they are great. I have not had a chance to see how the tread is in the rain, but in good weather, they are fine. My feet did not get sweaty or smelly in these shoes, they breathed fine. For a snugger fit, I laced the laces all the way up, but if you like it a little more loose you can skip the top eyelets (the ones without the green loopholes. The one thing I did not like so much with the shoes was the laces. They were thin almost paper-like ribbon material and I was not happy with them and they seemed flimsy. This was not a major problem...I went to a store and bought thicker normal rope type pink laces, which actually look really sharp with the shoes as they bring out the pink. This shoe is a great deal, looks great, matches a lot of my wardrobe, is very comfortable. Their durability remains to be determined, but they seem well made. They came in a shoe box in a little Puma carrying bag. Very nice!
B008F06T0W Suitable! Very cute shoe. Comfy. I do need a tad bit more cushion. I'm a stay-at-home mom with 3 little ones age 5,3,and 8months (crawling). So these shoes are perfect for running around with them and running around town.
B008F06T0W Correction for Over Pronation Perfect for my feet since I over pronate. Padding is amazing. Initially ordered for walking but has now become my running shoe.
B008F06T0W Love this shoe! I was looking for another Puma that was as lightweight as my current Puma's, and this one is perfect!  I love running in these as it's like running on air.  I also love the colors and design.  I thought these might run small like the pair I bought a year ago, but that was not the case -- they are true to size.
B008F06T0W The colors are not what the appear on the picture 1- The colors, especially the pink, are not soft and pastels like in the picture2- The colors are bright and blinding. No my type3- the shoes are uncomfortable, stiff and hard4- I try to return them and the return was denied. Now I have a pair of shoes in the closet which I will never wear.5- I would like a true reason as to why I cannot return merchandise which does not fit my preferences.
B008F0O0S0 Great lightweight shoes Really sharp looking shoes! Fit great and lightweight running shoes. Big Puma shoes fan for years and these are first running shoes I've bought from them .
B008F17R2K Too Small Got these because I wanted to start a running routine.  I work out at home on a regular basis but had yet to implement running as part of my routine because I lacked the correct shoes for it.  Bought these on a whim because of the lightning sale they had.  I had never bough shoes online before but they seemed to have a pretty good deal to pass up. I was worried about the size since I wouldn't be able to try on first and other reviews had mentioned they run small as well but hoped mine would fit as expected. They did not.  I've been a US Men's 9 for a long time now but these were much too tight.  Probably a 10 would have fit properly had I decided to replace them but I did not.  They look cool and are super light but the material feels very cheap. Especially for what are supposedly $100 shoes to begin with.  Now again, I have absolutely no experience with running shoes since I've never actually own a pair of shoes designed specifically for running.  So maybe that's just how they are supposed to feel. They just felt like the sides would tear open pretty easily.
B008F17R2K great looking shoes i like the price and the look is better than i expected since most of the shoes nowadays are ridiculous looking.
B008F17R2K Amazing!!! The best shoes I've owned by far! The Puma BioWeb Elite Running shoes are insanely comfortable and are very cool looking :) I am definitely a Puma fan now!
B008F17R2K Running shoes. I bought them to have when I do my daily walk And I am still breaking them in. They are already feeling good when you walk.
B008F17R2K Not Bad This is an extremely comfortable shoe. I recently had to transition from running to walking after surgery :(these are great for that purpose. The only issue I have is the materials look cheap like a knock off not worthy of the brand. So just 3 stars this time around...
B008F17R2K Fits great and feels good. The shoes fit great and look good. Have gotten several compliments regarding the shoes. They do look like they might not last long if ran in daily.
B008F17R2K awsome shoes the best running shoes ive ever owned. i have had previouse puma models andcthey just keep getting better. great support, light wieght. comfy and cool.
B008F17R2K BioWeb Elite Running Shoe is very comfortable These shoes are lightweight, comfortable and feel like they wrap your foot.  Love running in them.  Very good value for the price paid.
B008F17R2K Great Shoes These Puma's have become my go to running shoe. I run at least thirty mules a week, and these are comfortable, stylish and a good price. I will probably be purchasing more. They have good support and are not too heavy, and not too light, like a minimus shoe. Good for running or just for every day wear.
B008F17R2K Great pair of running shoes, but narrow and questionable durability I needed a new pair of running shoes and right on schedule Amazon had a great deal on these guys. I immediately bought a pair after reading some reviews. I can say that I have run in these once every other day since I got them 2 months ago, and they are a fine pair of running shoes. They run on the more narrow side and though my foot still fits my size, they do feel quite tight around my feet, and they really do seem like they are made out of some cheap plastic on the outer casing, but I have yet to have any durability issues with them. I will of course update if this changes. The other thing to note is the back of the shoes is very high up and the plastic extends to the rim, so if you do not wear socks that cover your ankles plus a little bit, it WILL wear down the back of your ankles. I had to bandage mine after a run wearing athletic socks that cut off at normal shoeline, though this probably could have been avoided if I was less stubborn and went home instead of finishing out my run. All in all, I am quite a fan of these shoes so far. Oh also, they really do look quite cool.
B008F17R2K They are okay. These shoes run SMALL! order up a size!They look nice but not very practical for actual running the plastic pieces on the side seem very flimsy.
B008F17R2K Great walking & running shoe Bear in mind, I am not a hard core runner, but a beginner.Here's what I like:  nice shock absorption - they really feel great whenever I walk/run in them, especially in the heel.  They look GREAT, color wise.  However, I have a long foot, size 14.  They tend to make my foot look even longer, though.Here's what I don't like:  they are a tiny bit heavier than I expected.  Still, they weigh a combine 1.6 pounds.  Considering how big the size is, that's not too bad.
B008F17R2K more less well the I dont like the material look like plastics and looks like not original , but I need to take time for more reviews
B008F17R2K not worth it The sole has very little cushion. When running on concrete the bottom of the shoe feels like it has too much plastic and its very uncomfortable. This is my only bad experience with puma shoes
B008F17R2K Not my recommendation of running shoes. So my freshman year of high school I decided I don't like being fat so I started running. I went from 250 down to 145. Took me about a year, and I maintained my weight all through high school and after. I'm 22 now and had the same pair of running shoes the entire time which were asics. And they were perfect. But 7 years of running in them almost every day obviously tore the shiz out of them and they were falling apart, Decided I need new shoes, but they were like 80 bucks so I figured since I'm an experienced runner i could go for a cheaper less popular shoe. I tried these, and as some have said they do look kinda cheap, and the bottom blue part is shiny plastic. But I don't hate the way they look. but they are not good for running, pretty stiff and its truly like running on a plastic slab. Im use to ankle socks and have always warn them but the heel on these seem to come up higher in the back and give me bad blisters. I also stand for long hours at work and they hurt my feet after 4 or five hours. Probably the most frustrating thing is the stupid tongue and heel being so flimsy. I'm used to just slipping my shoes on and busting out the door but these suckers just sink all the way down with my foot so I have to pull them back out with my finger each time or untie the shoe and put them on that way, but who unties their shoes every time they use them? anyways, I think they look kinda cool and I've gotten compliments on them but they aren't well made for runners. I've had them a few months but now I got sketchers go run 2 and they are super light and are doing the trick. I'd get Asics but they are just so expensive dag gum it!
B008F17R2K Nice running shoe Although it does feel a bit more tight than it should, It's probably one of the best running shoes I've ever purchased. It's form makes running feel smooth and takes the pressure off my knees and heels since I have flat feet. Got a pretty good run-time for these so when I wear these out, I'll be purchasing another pair.
B008F17R2K cool running shoe The shoes looks cool I love it.  Only thay look a little fragile for constant use. Thay are super comfort.  Perfect price
B008F17R2K Not that impressed I had high hopes for these shoes as I've been extremely happy with Puma in the past. First of all, these shoes seem to run about a half size too big and seem to be made of cheap material. I would definitely look to other Puma shoes in the future.
B008F17R2K Perfect for running! To be fair, I've never worn running shoes in my life before. However, in an effort to run more often and attempt a half marathon, I  tried these out.  These shoes are great! There's a very good bounce to them and they actually look as good as they feel. The construction on top of the shoes where the webbing is feels slightly cheap, but it does keep the shoes light!
B008F17R2K Love them! My husband loves these shoes!  They were true to size and he felt like he was walking on a gel cushion.  He got these for CrossFit because of the running and jumping and wanted something to support his feet- so far, so good!
B008F17R2K Wow ... Amazing Shoes ... It was an Gold Box special for ~$55.Put them on and were a little tight, I have wide feet, but went for a run and it was like running on tiny trampolines ... just amazing.Had a pair of Puma's before and was very happy with them so tried these ... these are even better, may even get me to run enough to loose a few pounds.Hope they will hold up ... extremely light weight! If you can get for &lt;$60 give them a try!
B008F17R2K So breathable and comfortable I wear these to work - not to run.  Although as a nurse I often feel like I am running.  I usually choose running shoes for work because they tend to be supportive, light and I prefer the look. These Puma meet all of those criteria.  Plus, they are the most ventilated shoe I have owned.  I first noticed how ventilated when I was in the grocery store and opened the cooler door in the frozen food section and immediately felt it on my feet while wearing my BioWebs.I bought a half size bigger than my usual Nike and Sketcher size after reading reviews and was glad I did.  They do run a bit small - but not that much.
B008F17R2K Nice I like them for my feet I've been walking around with out shoes or socks for the past 3 and a half years  .I do this so I can connect with the earth better its nice to feel your feet take purchase on the ground like they were ment to .I couldn't get into coffee shops or diners with out shoes so I broke down and had my cousin help me order these tennis shoes on this amazon. Well I'll tell you what these are feeling real nice on the feet .try them for feet and ill bet you will. Like then as much as I do .I feel I could run up a California redwood with these .
B008F17R2K Looks better in person Love this sneaker.  The commercial definitely motivated me to buying it.  Feels like Im walking on a bubble.  Cant wait to run in the spring time.
B008F17R2K really like them... I order the shoes for new running shoes.. receive them very fast however sizes run a little small I wear a 10.5 in most brands...had to exchange them for 11.5 love the new shoes very comfortable and great to workout in and run... Exchange was simple and worry free super fast shipping....best price I was able to find great transaction very satisfied and that's what matters the most when dealing with online shopping
B008F17R2K Saaweet!!! One of the best running shoes I have ever worn.  Excellent job in putting strength, comfort, and light weight into a shoe!
B008F17R2K great deal i love it and i am happy with my shoes. i like the feel of the shoes and it is very confortable
B008F17R2K Good, strong shoe for lifts But it's kinda uncomfortable to run in them. The heel is huge, which I don't like on running shoes.  However, it provides a strong foundation for lifting.
B008F17R2K Too hard for track running I tried it on tracks, it just feels too hard. The description says there's some cushion, but the whole shoe body is just too stiff. Maybe it suits better with outdoor trail running. The look is pretty cool though, reminding me of the evil spiderman. Anyway, this is a nice shoes for everyday use, but not the best for series runner.
B008F17R2K Awesome Superb shoes and they are very comfortable for running. I liked it a lot in all perspectives. I will suggest my friends to buy this,
B008F17R2K excellent for running it is light and flexible. colors are great too.
B008F17R2K Shoes Now my #1 workout/running shoe. Love these shoes. People act like fry just say &#34;shut up and take my money.
B008F17R2K excellent!!! Very nice shoes. Running true to size. Very comfortable, very good looking, great to workout in and run. Recommend to everybody.
B008F17R2K shoes ordered7.5 got 8.5 I do like the Seahawk colors that is a good thing bye  to you all have a nice day
B008F17R2K Running shoes, comfort Very light, without being uncomfortable. I usually take off my shoes at work, but these stay on since it doesn't feel like there is a difference. They look awesome too. Great for running, office, and anything but puddles. Since it's not waterproof. The material is surprisingly flexible with most of the light weight Nikes I bought were stiff.
B008F17R2K Product looks & feels cheap These shoes were not very comfortable at all to me. I own several pair of puma shoes and these were certainly my least favorite. Faulty designed from the company in my opinion. Shoes aren't as vibrant and distinguished as shown in the picture. They look rather cheap.
B008F17R2K Constricting web. I really like these shoes. They have a lot of support, look great, and seem well made. Unfortunately if you are use to wearing Pumas you will have to go up a half size for these ones. I have worn size 11 Pumas for years and they have been exceptionally comfortable. With the bio web I should have gotten an 11.5. I thought they may break in and be more comfortable but now I just have a pair of shoes I don't like wearing. Better rating would have been had if not for inconsistent  sizing.
B008J0W9A2 Excellent The puma hooded arrive on time, and it's a very  nice jacket like in the picture... My brother love it..
B008QX8VWM Awesome Golf Shoes! My husband loves these shoes. They fit great, just like his other Puma running shoes. He really likes the look of the shoes and they're pretty comfy.
B008QY0MWS Casual shoes I really like this shoes there a little flat but for the most part are comfortable nice looking puma shoes!
B008QY0MWS Great shoes! Really like the shoes, have worn them for 18 holes and no problems so far.  Very comfy and fits perfect.
B008QY0TJO puma tux lux feels great to walk in.looks great on my feet.it totaly not heavy.They feel like you have worn them forever,.No pain in your feet whatsoever.
B008QY1N9O I really like the looks of all the Puma golf shoes I really like the looks of all the Puma golf shoes,but,what good are they if they don't fit well. Puma needs to offer their shoes in a &#34;wide&#34; size.American men have wide feet,why not make all shoe sizes available to fit.You'd sell more shoes,and have more satisfied customers!!!
B008QY1X0S Like the shoes. Shoes look good and fit well. Perform as desired. Easy to replace the plastic spikes. Would recommend them to any golfer.
B008QY3N5Q What's not to like? I have already played a couple of rounds in these shoes. Good traction, nice-looking, VERY COMFORTABLE golf shoes at a good price.  Practically zero break-in necessary.  What's not to like?  I have recommended to friends and would buy again.
B008RAGKBS Puma Running Shoes Nice running shoes...hope it lasts... trying to get long lasting shoes and I think I got the better choice. Thank you Puma
B008RAGKBS Perfect shoes These shoes are super comfortable and look amazing. Quickly became my favorite pair. They look great with my Dortmund jersey!
B008RAGKBS Nice... means Pumah! Excellent choice, I like It. I'm expecting to use this shoes at my new running season. Love the colors cause fit my soccer's team.
B008RAGKBS False advertising I filtered my search to find stability shoes and found these among just a few choices. They are described as stability shoes, but they have one major flaw. There is no arch in these shoes.Other minor flaws include the upper tongue. It is stifling with some pressure points.As for what I like about the shoe, the material feels of good quality. The front part with the navy blue felt does not show scratch marks as with other shoes where a single stroke of the finger nail will leave a streak.
B008RAHSN2 Flimsy and unimpressive Got these and immediately returned them.  The bulk of the upper is a cheap synthetic that is thin and flimsy.  I hadn't tied it yet and the toe was creasing and I knew they wouldn't last a month.  Very unimpressed with the construction of this shoe.  No Pumas for me thanks.
B008RAZL0Y Awesome This shoes are the best. They are awesome,cool, very light, and amazing! Bright colors  and also good for sports like running.
B008VV0TJ2 Puma running shoes for kids It's very light in weight and the design and colors are very appealing . My son loves it . He doesn't want to wear any other show besides these .
B008X04KR8 Review My son love the shoes and he was surprised as they look awesome than the picture. The size fits very well.
B00903XD6Q Pretty but bad termination This shoes are really cool, casual. They're comfy and all but didn't like that the white band doesn't have very good termination in comparison to other Puma shoes.
B0098IBSTM Fitted to my feet as am expecting. Every time I buy puma shoes for my self, I am satisfied coz its always fitted to my feet and it was lighter than other shoes, I like also the design and I am comfortable on using it. One reason also why I like it coz the tounge was connected to both sides. I like also the combination of the colors.
B0098IBSTM These are not running shoes! Let me start by saying that all of my running shoes are Puma and I'm quite happy with them but this shoe was not made for running. They look fabulous and may have good cushioning as everyday shoes but when running you need more than what these shoes offer. I am a vivid runner who likes looking well while doing it, but my look can never interfere with my comfort. These are too rigid, I can even see some cracks now and I have worn them only 5 times. I have not been able to run more than 3 miles without feeling my legs sored and my feet numbed.I'm wearing them as everyday shoes and they are fine but their name is totally misleading. If you are looking for running shoes these are not an option!
B009FD25EC Good shoes, not quite like the picture These are good shoes, fit like any other pair of Pumas.  The orange color is a lot more shiny and neon than it appears in the picture though.  these shoes basically glow.
B009FD2LM8 best running shoes Best running shoe in the market. Why the fuss of refusing to ship to Australia. That's a BIG problem with your products.
B009FD2LM8 It is not red. Igot these sneakers there cool on the picture like it could be black on red but is more like black on bright pink.
B009FD2LM8 Good I ordered this shoes and this was that I expected, this look like the picture, at the firts time this was a little hard, but later was smooth to use.
B009FD2LM8 congratulations Excellent the shoes are extraordinary, good like. Very good, are shoes nice. I will Cheeked your Web site viewing deals possible.
B009FD59H2 Great Shoes!!! I bought these shoes for my husband and he absolutely loved them!!  He said they are very light weight and comfortable.  The picture does not do them justice!! They look even better in person.
B009FD59H2 PUMA delivers and more.... I purchased the PUMA Men's Cell KOU Running shoe for outdoor running for various types of weather, i.e. rain, light snow for the upcoming fall season.  The material is perfect for that, it's not Gortex, but it repels water just as I wanted.  It's not like I'm running through giant puddles, but wanted something more than mesh.  The fit actually blew me away.  Been running for 31 years, Brooks primarily, so this was the first PUMA shoe.  All other PUMA shoes have no arch what so ever, this one does and at the price for what I needed for a backup pair of shoes for outside....delivered and was more than I was expecting.  Highly recommend, thank you PUMA and Amazon.
B009FDO3U6 great these are some awesome looking shoes. Also, the shoes are light and very comfortable. I just love running in these shoes.
B009FDPVRK like them not sure why the disdain and neg reviews, for the cost, this is a great running shoe. I like mine, they fit like a glove and give me the support I need.
B009FDPVRK A bit small but otherwise great! The shoes do tend to run a bit on the small side but other than that I really like these shoes. They look like what was pictured and are very light and comfortable which is what I wanted in a running shoe
B009FDPVRK My Favorite Brand At A Good Price I used to frequent a sports shop that carried Puma.  I would buy running shoes during their seasonal clearance.  The went out of business due to EL Paso's falling economy.  Hopefully, I have found another supply for Puma running shoes.
B009FDPVRK Excellent shoes These shoes fit great feel even better and are very light. Made well and I would recommend these to anyone looking for a pair of running shoes.
B009FDR416 great shoes My son loved these shoes. He said that they are very comfortable and are great for running. I would definitely buy it again.
B009FDR416 Cheap Material and labor Don't waste your money for this shoe. Design looks nice but all other things are worse . I just returned.
B009FDR416 Good Quality Sneaker If you like Puma shoes, and know what is your Puma shoe size, you cannot go wrong with this one. Stylish, and good for every day use. Does not seem to be good for running, but I don't run anyway.
B009FDR416 Good pair of running shoes. Tight fit, but overall, got what I was hoping for. I would recommend these shoes to someone looking for good running shoes.
B009FDR416 Great running shoes These are comfortable, and provide excellent support for your feet while running. This was a great purchase. Can't go wrong with these.
B009FDRKJ2 Perfect running shoes Highly recommended
B009FDRKJ2 Puma running shoes are the best I was fitted by a running store with a slight over pronation and was looking for a neutral shoe. They recommended the faas 550 and after I wore those out, puma had stopped making the 550's. These are a great replacement.
B009FE8HE8 My Puma Shoes I like this shoes very much, they fit and look great on me. I also like the color a lot like the day they look dark navy but at night they look black i think its very cool.They are very comfortable to wear. I definitely recommend them to anybody who likes slip on shoes. I have not worn shoes with shoes laces since like 2009, slip on shoes all the way.
B009FM3NPI Almost fit... The puma stile is great but there are many odi&oacute; le like me that chooses other brands because our feet are too broad, but in general terms I like the shoes
B009FMR6D8 Great Shoes I get compliments every time I where these shoes.They fit like a glove and really look great with any outfit.
B009FMR6D8 Great shoes These shoes are very comfortable and look even better in person. I'm very satisfied with them.  I highly recommend them.
B009FMRLQU Good Skate Shoes. I'm really OCD about my shoes. The whites seemed to be a bit off in the picture. They're not in all actuality. These shoes are really light, they have a grip on the toe and the heel. Can't complain. Recommend them.
B009FN614C Love them! They are very comfortable. I didn't expect for them to feel like a sneaker.  I want more just like this!
B009FN614C i like it the color of this shoes like to red&#65292;but it's till very butiful. i like it very much! The shoes are comfortable to wear
B009G1CITK Yay I love my new $20 pumas. No they do not have any arch support- from other reviews I was already aware of that. I wore them all day  to the grocery store and what not, and found them quite comfortable. If you like flat shoes like chuck taylors or keds, you will likely enjoy these as i do. They look pretty sweet with jeans too.
B009G1T35M Great shoes! Very comfortable!! I love them! I will say, in the picture the accents look kind of pink, but they're red.
B009G1T5YG A little stiff, but otherwise great These shoes aren't quite as sleek as I was expecting--they're not like Nike Free Runs, but more like the harder-core Asics or Mizuno running shoes. The base/support is huge--NOT a minimalist shoe at all. In fact, I'm considering using it only for training/distance and not for races, since they aren't the lightest thing in the world. That being said, I don't know about other peoples' feet, but mine are enjoying the cushioning. I had been having some tendon problems but they seem to have largely subsided since I got these guys. Also, in terms of appearance, these totally rock. (Full disclaimer: optical spectroscopy is my day job and I like bright colors...)
B009G1T5YG beautiful Comfortable, but not as my Asics running shoes. I didn't try running with them yet. Beautiful colors. I love them.
B009G1T5YG Love it this are really good. I always end up with some strain in my ankles after running or even walking but with this shoes I felt way better
B009G1T5YG I Love this pair of running shoes I've been looked for a pair of running shose for months. I like this pair. The color, the size, the service, all met my expect.
B009G1T5YG great walking shoes these are the best shoes i have worn in a long time.  i feel like i am walking on air
B009G1T5YG Very cute, very lightweight I'm a 7.5, and I usually order a size up in tennis shoes because generally with absorbent and fluffy socks they can be a little snug. I ordered an 8 and they are only a little snug--running should stretch them out but maybe a 8.5 would have suited me better. The webby looking part around the sole of the shoe is actually hard plastic and forms a sort of cage-like thing around the actual rubber sole. Gravel gets caught in it and so I wouldn't advise these shoes for anything but running on the road or in the gym. Otherwise they look cute, are very sleek, and are as vibrantly colored as depicted. Overall, great for the price.
B009G1T5YG fis a llittle snug but overall like PUMAs and look good.  Seems to have the support for running, alhough have to run enough in them yet.
B009G1T5YG Great Shoes These shoes were recommended in Women's Health magazine. They are comfortable, offer plenty of support, and look great. I use the for Turbo Fire workouts as well as running.
B009G1UD2E Great  Running Shoe I found a great shoe! YAY! I have had these for a while now and after reading numerous reviews was a little hesitant that they would run small but most said the shoes performance was good. I figured my last pair of pumas fit me fine so I ordered an 8. They fit just like an 8. So maybe some people are in denial about their foot size. Anyway, I am very impressed by the shock absorption in these shoes especially considering I run on pavement quite a bit (up and down ramps of a parking garage at my workplace). My previous shoes were worn out and left me practically crippled after a run but with these I barely feel the impact at all. Love the fit though they are a little more cumbersome to get on (you have to use the loops they provide) I didn't buy them so I could slide them on quickly...I bought them for running. Like the no tongue design. I am not one for brightly colored shoes so this subtle color theme of white/silver is understated, but to me, stylish and sleek looking.
B009G1UD2E Great service and fast response I highly recommend these shoes to anybody who may be interested in finding a running shoe.  I have bought a lot of shoes and these are the best so far.  Thank you.
B009G1VXJG Value for money and running They are standard running shoes but they are a good price, comfortable and I like the colour. They do pinch a little in the middle of my feet, however they need a little wearing in (like most shoes) and should be fine after that.
B009G1VXJG Fashion and comfort I wear a size ten, so it's hard to find shoes that make my feet look llke a normal sized feet and are comforable too. These are those shoes! They don't look like clown shoes on my feet and feel like I am wearing house shoes. After a day of shopping with my daughter they still felt comfortable. The turquoise blue and black look sporty and eyecatching. I'm glad I took a chance and purchased these shoes.
B009G1VXJG like i like this shoes . was to hard find in your priceand i dont run  but for use this shoes i do it  from righ now ejjejej
B009KCN4D4 Adorable shoes! We love these shoes but buyers beware that they are canvas.  They look like the sudeu that other Pumas are made from.  My daughter loves them, they ift well and are easy to put on.  We are pleased with our Puma purchases.
B009KSDDUM Good shoes I bought these shoes for my daughter.  She loves them.  They are just as described and shown in the picture.  Quick shipping too.
B009KSDTL0 She loves these shoes! My daughter was very excited to see her new shoes. She put them on herself, and immediately  took off running.
B009KUEOFS Really nice shoes i buoth it for my gorl She looks awesome when sheis using puma shoesI will buy this shoes againFor my other girlThank you
B009LA8GFG Great fit - love the material Really like this shirt.  It fits really well and the material is quite soft and comfortable for either casual wear or working out.  I got this to test out - will be purchasing in other colors, too.
B009M4B9G4 very hard to put it on this puma running tights looks great and made well. but inside it has rubber details wich makes it very hard to put on. it is just feels like it glue to your feet. i could n t even try them on properly. i had to return it back.and very sorry about it because they are really made so well .
B009MNYG1U stylish shoes but there is a  quality defect on the left shoe where you can feel the threading and material sticking down on your forefoot.  Wish every time you get an issue like this, you get like a Bing $5 gift card.
B009MNYG1U Awesome shoes Colors and style is exactly like the picture describes, fit is to size of any of my puma shoes, very comfortable and like that fact that it comes with both blue and orange laces.
B009MNZO3O Really like them Well made, very comfortable, soft almost, good for running and walking around, with shoelaces that are not too long or slippery and don't come untied unless you want them to.
B009MNZO3O Yay it's lovely good shoes. I like them a lot. They fit well. They help with walking. I have them in two colors.
B009R9D60G Little brighter than I thought. Little brighter than they look in the picture otherwise these are great kicks to run around the city in on the weekend.
B009SCY9AI Fits like my Black ad White Drift Cats These shoes fit like comfortable slippers. Not made for long distance walking but they hold up to it. They are awesome for driving. You can really feel the peddles. Looking forward to getting more colors.
B009SD2936 Questionable material Looks good but the material feels a little cheap. Almost like the fabric is made of a cloth version of cardboard.
B009STI9NO very good i like this pumas shoes, are very confortable, and i like all pumas shoes are very beautifull thanks puma. i love pumas stores
B009STNEF2 A Bit Heavy These shoes feel a bit large to me, and very well padded. If your looking for very lightweight shoes I would look elsewhere.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes!!! I purchased these shoes about 8 months ago, and I loved them the moment I took them out of the box! The shoes were incredibly comfortable, and had a nice, supportive sole. I am not a runner, but when I do go running, these shoes keep my feet feeling great afterward! Used in the winter and summer, I found that it was a great year-round shoe.  It even does well in the snow, since it is perforated, well, whatever material it is!  There is also some nice coushining around the ankle, which I much appreciated.My only complaint is the tongue pulling up lip thing.  It is a very thick rubber type material, and isn't very smooth.  With that being said, if you ever bend your foot up toward your shin - be it putting your feet under your chair, or tying your shoe - the lib pushed hard into your skin, and kind of hurts.  I have gotten used to it (even built up a small callus there), but it would be a factor to consider if I were buying these shoes again.
B009STNEF2 Great shoes! Light weight and comfortable for running! Good traction as well! Soft touch on the heels when running, which helps a lot!
B009STNEF2 PUMAs rock Bought these to replace my New Balance running shoes and I am NOT disappointed one bit. These shoes not only look great but the fit like a glove and provide many miles of comfortable running!
B009STNEF2 Great running shoes! This running shoes are great,very light and so comfy,I love them and recommend them,love the color,great shoes for the price.
B009STNEF2 Good running shoes for the price I was looking for a reasonably priced pair of running/training shoes and these Puma's are good.  They fit very well and I have a wide foot.  So far they are wearing well also.
B009SU39K6 Great running shoes! I'm definitely not a runner but these shoes feel so light and springy that they actually made me want to go out for a run.  My legs and calf muscles were dramatically less fatigued.
B009SU4IDI Puma M&ouml;bius - exactly what I was looking for. Perfect fit and a great running shoe in the city - very happy with these! Open but supportive forefoot, snug mid and back foot like I like.  Far more attractive than the average running or cross training shoe, which usually look like some kind of neon plastic hoof.
B009SUAWDI love my shoes I love my puma running shoes! Its soo comfortable and it just fits right on my feet...awesome! I give you a 5 star...
B009SWX7TW Nice and comfortable I saw these shoes once in a store and love their look, didn't buy them that time but a week ago decided to get them through amazon. I tried them immediately once received, nice look and perfect fit. Love the upper material, it feels soft, comfortable, lightweigh and very cool looking.
B009T3ADWO Awesome Socks for Running or Everyday use Puma makes excellent running socks.  I have bought several packs of the men's versions of these running socks for myself recently, so I purchased a couple packs for my wife as well.  We both really like these socks, they are excellent for running, but I find myself wearing them for everyday use as well as does she.
B009V3NJR8 good looking and feeling shoes I really liked the shoes, they're light and feel very comfortable.I would also give it five stars But the red color is bright like almost pink but i managed to make it work.
B009XPROWU Supeer Like this Puma shoes. I love them very much. They look very lovely. Are too comfortable for me. Everybody like them.
B009ZRI9NY I'm reasonably pleased I previously owned a pair of FAAS 300 shoes which I loved, and I thought I would try the new FAAS 500 V2.I prefer the 300.  Both the look and feel is better on the 300.  Now they're calling this a V2, I don't see any improvement, to be honest.There is this black plastic lining along the side of the shoe (between the soles and the body of the shoe).  It's peeling off, and I'm not sure what it is.  It looks like black electrical tape.  Very silly thing to do to a shoe that's almost $100.Background of my use of the shoes: I've never worn these shoes outside.  I've walked/ran about 40-50 miles on a treadmill.  I can say that they provide pretty good support.  I haven't had any foot/arch pain.  The shoes are holding up pretty well.I feel as though my experience with the FAAS 300 shoes may have marred my view of the 500 series.  It all comes down to a matter of opinion, but I would say the 300s are perfect. Just the right amount of support.  With the 300s, they were incredibly light.  These feel slightly clunky.  Almost like Adidas basketball shoes LOL.  They're definitely heavier than I expected.  With the Puma FAAS 300, I felt inspired to run.  They were so comfortable and light; almost springy.  I know I should have expected for the shoes to weigh more and be thicker, I just feel like there could be some improvements.  It doesn't come together all that well.  Hmm...maybe the "V2" (is this short for Version 2?) is bad period?  I personally like the original FAAS 300. Although, I will say... it's hard to go wrong with Puma.  I'm definitely a fan.  They make the best running shoe.  And I've tried almost every brand (everything but Vibram, those shoes with the individual toe interfaces).
B00A000RO4 Great! I am in love with these shoes. They are so comfortable and lightweight. Perfect for running, lifting, or just normal everyday wear.
B00A005X4S I love my new ballet flat sneakers!! These are awesome shoes! They look just as pictured, an amazingly beautiful mint green! They have pudgy cushions and fit perfectly! I put them on with no socks and took a run. It was comfortable and they did not slip off! It was like being barefoot and running on a memory foam mattress. Vey nice!!!!!
B00A3T5XDC PUMA Puma Women's PE Running Tank Top I purchased this top as the colors matched a pair of running shoes I had picked up at a garage sale. The order was received in a timely manner and the tank matched the shoes perfectly.  I purchased the large for my medium frame and liked how it draped nicely around my upper hip area. It does a great job of wicking away the moisture while exercising.  Normally, I wash and drip dry my athletic gear however my husband thought he was doing me a favor by washing and then drying ALL of the laundry, to my pleasant surprise the top held its color and shape.  One can't go wrong with making this purchase.
B00A4I84TC Beware of the picture I bought these shoes a week ago, and just received them. The picture shows red shoes, but they are orange. Be careful if you wanted red shoes like I did.
B00AALE9G0 Smallest Its smallest that i expect but it ok the bike short is cute. The material is  like for the bike i have some  for bike and it the same material. I like it
B00AI1Z2G8 Really comfortable shoes This is my first pair of spikeless golf shoes. Probably the most comfortable golf shoes I have owned. Feel like tennis shoes but perform like golf shoes.
B00AI222Y2 light and comfortable They look a lot like soccer turf shoes.  And that's not a bad thing.  Super comfortable and unbelievably light,  these shall make a great pair of travel golf shoes.
B00AI222Y2 They look awesome on me! They look and feel great. They have to be the lightest golf shoes out there. I just wish they had a little more grip on the bottom.
B00AKDMKIC Snug I like the material and it fits nicely. Can't wait to go for a run in it. I like that it is a long tank too.
B00AKDNZVS Good Fit I purchased 4 pairs of casual sweat pants/ track pants and I have been pleased with all including these.  I really like the look and feel of the material.  They are already part of my grab and go wardrobe
B00AOAQAJG sweet! i read reviews that said they are narrow..i wear 8.5w or 9 sometimes..so i got a 9..perfect!  8.5 would have been too tight ..the puma stripe and stripes on the heel are grey, color contrast is nice  which is even better b/c they look white in the picture and  i try to avoid white on heel/sole to avoid yellowing dirty look... nice heel height ,  sometimes sneaks look huge when you wear skinny jeans but  theses are a narrow cut so they look fine with slim fit jeans, will look cute with capri pants too..doesn't look like i'm about to run track b/c wedge heel gives feminine spin to a classic!
B00AOATXAO My favorite pair of shoes WOW! I wear these a lot. Sometimes even just around the house. They're comfy like tennis shoes, perfectly padded, and with a wedge that really looks and feels great without hurting your feet. I can't say enough about these. I wish I could wear them to the gym without getting odd stares.
B00AOBC4JA Puma Slip On Fashion Sneaker I own many pairs of these in different colors, they are the most comfortable shoes, I could shop all day in these shoes, they feel like a pair of bedroom slippers, love love .......  :)
B00AOCAP9A Super comfortable I love these shoes! They are very light and give enough support while running. I like the mesh part above the toes- my feet never feel super sweaty during exercise
B00AOCAP9A Running like I stole something These shoes are the best for me while running,they are light and comfortable and pretty. I am enjoying my running because I don't have the heavy shoe to hold me down. I recommend this shoe
B00AOCAP9A Love!! Light, airy, and comfy. Enough said. It feels like you don't even have shoes on. I wore them a few hours, just around the house to break them in, and seriously forgot I had shoes on. LOVE.
B00AOCAP9A Great cross trainers I bought these shoes to wear during my exercise classes, so I could make my running shoes last longer.  These shoes are super comfortable and cute as well.  I would definitely purchase them again!
B00AOCAP9A lightweight and fits well These are very lightweight and feel like you have nothing on. They seem to have enough support but feel less substantial then other running shoes. Great for flat surfaces, not suggested for rocky or rough terrain.
B00AOCDNJ4 Bright & Spunky Comfortable, bright, and I just love them. These shoes arrived on time and I would recommend them to anyone who loves Pink shoes. A lot of chics have asked me where can they buy some like this.
B00AOCDNJ4 These are so ugly. Thse are ugly, huge and uncomforatable. I wore these once on the treadmill and it took the skin off my ankle. I am in so much pain. I look like a clown with these huge neon biscuits. Regretful purchase.
B00AOCDNJ4 Great shoe! I'm a personal trainer in a gym and I go through athletic shoes pretty fast. I took a gamble on these and I'm glad I did! These shoes are very sturdy and offer a cloud like feel when you walk or train. They absorb impact very well, so these are perfect for running, box jumps, ect. Love these shoes!
B00AOCE7IA LOVE THE SHOES I really like the shoes. So comfortable and look and feel nice. I would highly recommend them. I know I would buy these shoes again.
B00AOD2OQ6 i like it Looks good. Very light . Fit as should. If u like these colors u will not be disapointment. Shoes with claw
B00AOD8YMO Five Stars these shoes are comfortable they look great feel great and I love them.
B00AOD8YMO Cool Runnin shoes Great pair of running shoes, easy to break in and very comfortable. They also glow in the dark which is really cool.
B00AOD8YMO Really Cool I love how vibrant these shoes are. Also it feels like there is a cushion in the front. So when run it feels really tubular dude.  They also give me really good posture.
B00AOD8YMO puma elite running shoes Sleek and unique design, vomfortable to wearI find it reasonably priced considering how good the quality is. That is to me, the puma elite running shoes.
B00AODTEZA Material slightly reflects light I love the how this shoe feels when I'm running. What I don't like is that it slightly reflect light not really as what is stated in the picture. Also the heel part looks kinda huge making it look more like a basketball shoe. Overall it's very good for running but the looks is not that good for me.
B00AODTEZA Great shoes Great shoes but they are a bit smaller but that's just how puma shoes run until they stretch. Overall, great shoes
B00AODVKJI Great lightweight shoes. Great lightweight running shoes. Excellent support and comfort. Would recommend to a friend. Needed good running shoes and got them.
B00AODVKJI Great Purchase. Needed comfortable light running shoes, these are the whole package and the price was amazing! I would definitely recommend these shoes!
B00AODVKJI 5 stars! good shoes  for running and look good
B00AODW9HA Stylish running shoes I got these shoes for gym use on the elliptical machine and other indoor exercises. I recently got a pair of Puma golf shoes which are very nice, so I decided to try out the Puma running shoes. These are very nice. I did order half a size larger as most posters advised and it was a wise decision. If I had ordered my regular size, I most likely would have had to go through the process of returning them. The shipping was a little slower than I would have expected, but worth the wait. These go very well with my clothes I typically wear at the gym and have a nice snug fit to them. Great price for a nice pair of running shoes.
B00AODW9HA Good shoes The shoes are nice. Fit as expected and made well like other PUMA shoes. The blue is bright like the pic .
B00AODW9HA Great shoes Very good looking shoes.  They are even better than the picture.  I really am happy with the purchase and they are very comfortable
B00AODW9HA Great Buy!!!! Awesome shoes!!!!!!! Great look and fits like a glove!!!! Really stylish. Recommend this to all men who like a good workout or just a casual shoe!
B00AODWHCC Nice shoes I like these a lot,  especially for the price.  One problem though. I was looking for cross-training shoes and they are described as such on the site.  However,  after opening, the label on the inside sole says running.
B00AOE059S Really like these sneaker I just received these last week and wore them over the weekend.  I haven't run in them (although, I did not buy these with that intention).  I do a lot of walking and wanted something different that my regular running lace-ups.  The sneakers are very light (feel like they weigh almost nothing).  They look great and after a lot of NYC walking, remained comfortable.  Thanks to the other reviews, I did get a half-size up.  I'm glad I did.  If I were planning on running in them, I might have wanted a snugger fit and would have gotten my regular size.  For walking, the half-size up works great.  I would highly recommend.
B00AOE059S Perfect with a slight adjustment. I bought these for my husband in Ft Lee for his physical training and running. I was concerned when reading further into the reviews about them feeling small, but when he got them, he absolutely loved them. He didn't mind the snug feel, said it was like walking on nothing. His only thing was that the insoles were stiff and gave him a blister. So I sent him some dr Scholls athletic series insoles and now they're his favorite shoes of all time.
B00AOE059S Great shoe My last pair of shoes were Pumas and I loved them, so since I'm lazy and I don't like tying my shoes I decided to give these a try.  My last shoes were a size 8, and despite the comments about these running tight I decided to order these in a size 8 as well.  The length (being the only factor for sizing with these shoes) is perfect, but they are quite snug.  But, knowing the nature of shoes, I was able to break them in over the course of a weekend.  I put on some thick socks and a few strolls through wet grass helped stretch them out a bit.  They're still snug, but they're quite comfortable.
B00AOE059S Good running shoes, but make sure you order the right size!!!! I took off one star because of the color selection offered on these particular shoes.  I really think they should reconsider the colors offered.  With that said, I ordered the wrong size because I forgot that sneaker sizes run larger than shoe sizes, other than that they seem like a very nice pair of running shoes.
B00AOE059S Great shoes Very nice shoes.. especially for the price.. do not think the shoes run small like other reviews stated they fit perfect
B00AOE059S Looks better on the pictures than in person. As others have mentioned, these are very tight, so err on the side of picking a larger size.  I wear an 11.5 to 12 and I bought the 12's and I can barely get my feet in these.  They are ok once they are on, they are still snug but very lightweight and airy.Aesthetically speaking, they are pretty tough.  In the pictures they look kinda wild but still wearable for casual use. In person, those black and white horizontal &#34;laces&#34; (no laces) on the top make them look like clown shoes or something a Super-villian would wear in a Batman comic.If you can stand the way they look, more power to you.  Get a half-size bigger than normal.  For me, these became my work around the house shoes.
B00AOE059S Bad Not a good running shoe at all. Looks good but these shoes are not sturdy enough for trail running. Use indoors or on a track if you plan on running with these shoes
B00AOMUBGC comfortable these shoes are so comfortable and they also have a nice look to them, I enjoy walking around in them, I like how they are so comfortable on your heels and have a nice Ferrari shoe look without the added tightness that other Ferrari shoes have.
B00AOMV7YW Wow.  What Beautiful Shoes. The are stunning shoes that you actually wear on your feet.  They LOOK great on your HANDS or EARS; but even better on your feet.  They really do LOOK GREAT, however, I must warn you that if you have a foot problem at all -- you may want to shy away from them ... the right shoe pinched my foot.  I was like, but the looked so good on my hands and ears...how dare they pinch my foot.  So I put the left one on, it was FINE.  Sorry Puma, your shoes look great -- but cause me a boo-boo on my foot; they had to be returned.
B00AOMV7YW Great buy Bought this shoes for my fianc&eacute;e..They came the same day I was told and not only was it a good price but they look just like the picture and he loves them and I'm not exaggerating when I say he loves.. Not only they look great but they fit good as we'll
B00AOMYC2Q This is what makes PUMA great! I must say the show caught my eye with its flashiness, but it also brought back some big time nostalgia for me.  You see, I wore a similar bright yellow and Black trimmed shoe in high school on the track team.  Those shoes were called by many the &#34;Puma Banana&#34;,  oh I loved those shoes, not only did I wear them for the running part of practice and Track meets, but I also wore them when I threw the Shot Put!  I considered them my lucky shoes!  So for that reason, if for no other , I was very excited to see them in the Eastbay Catalog.  Now all that being said, these are not &#34;track shoes&#34; & their maker does not even list them as being for Jogging, but they are, I believe... A soccer training shoe for use on inside turf.  For me they are shoes I wear to work out, which now most consists of weight training and stationary biking, and things of that ilk.  The shoes are FANTASTIC, they do every thing asked of them, they are comfortable and are exactly the size I bought.  Plus they look AWESOME!!  If you are at all interested I would definitely recommend them, because they are extraordinary shoes, made by an extraordinary company, try it you'll like 'em!
B00AOMZH1Q nice and fashionable The only thing I would recommend getting it half size bigger.apart from that it's great. It looks better in real life than in the picture. they're really light weight but seem like they're made with durable material.
B00AONV17Y good shoes Just like the pictures in the PageThis puma shoes  are great for Day use,  and for walking,  really good materials and design
B00AONVA52 snug Great looking shoes. Very soft. I normally wear 8.5 but bought  a 9a and they are very snug. They seem like good shoes for the summer
B00AONVA52 Thought it was leather I must not have read the description carefully enough.  These are completely plastic or pleather or whatever it's called.  On the screen they look nice, but in person they look like a recycled hefty sack.  Comfort-wise, they feel like you would expect a pair of plastic shoes to feel.  They went back within 15 minutes of opening the box.
B00AONW5CO a little exact, but feel like gloves on my feet These are beautiful shoes! The deep cocoa hue is rich, and they've already drawn some looks down! They fit a bit on the exact side, but I think it might be that I'm not so used to my shoes fitting like gloves on my feet! They are sleek, and have loads of style! Now I'll be on the hunt for more like this!!
B00AONW9JS Good shoes, I will continue to buy Shoes look good feel good... A little tight but I like them.. I will buy a half size bigger next time.
B00AONW9JS needs to be returned Because i cant fit the shoes i thought it would be the right size but its not so it needs to be returned
B00AONW9JS I like it i like it
B00AONW9JS Very nice shoes Got a lot of compliments on that pair of shoes. I like Puma and I like their line of footwear products.
B00AONW9JS Great pair of kicks! They look better on then in picture. Just have to say I like my Pumas to fit snug and tight so I have to wear them for a few days inside my house to break them in. They are just well fitting and like how they conform to the feet. Thanks!
B00AONW9JS Nice shoes I like those shoes. They fit really well and they look really nice too. I recommend it to any one
B00AONWIC6 I wear these shoes every week! I love these shoes! They are comfortable and look good. I like sleeker looking shoes, and Puma does a really good job!
B00AOOL1SC Good Look Too My Nephew loved thses shoes and they have a great look too.
B00AOOYON6 New running shoes These are great for working out, running, or just as a casual walking shoe. I wasn't sure if I wanted to keep them when I first got them but I'm glad I did. They are a great improvement on my previous running shoes that didn't have enough support for my feet. These have great cushioning and I don't feel the harsh impact that running can have on your knees when you lack good sole support. They're also pretty good looking.
B00AOOZ1OC These are great shoes for running indoors and out! I have two previous pairs of the Puma Faas 100 running shoes and love them because they are so comfortable, lightweight, and you just cannot beat running shoes that glow in the dark once the sun sets around 5:30PM, PST, so when I saw these on the AMZ website for less than the previous two pairs I recently purchased, (from a competitor's website, damn it!!!), I had to jump at the chance and score these great shoes too, so now I have a green, blue, and now an orange pair of these great shoes!  A bit overindulgence, ... perhaps, but who cares!  ;-)
B00AOOZGS8 Good running shoe Son loves them and fits true to size. Very comfortable. I would recommend these shoes for anyone that is looking for track shoes.
B00AORGLAC Great looking shoes These shoes look great and they feel very comfortable on my feet, even with insoles in.  I use these as a more dressy looking sneaker when I want to look a little nicer, but not all loafer nice.  I bought 3 pairs of different puma shoes at the same time, these are my favorite of the three.
B00AQODE9E exellent I bought these all in one color (grey/black) at my local Costco for $7.99 on sale (regular price $9.99). Here is why I like them.1. Very comfortable to wear and fit well. Also look good.2. Nicely cushioned, but not so thick as to require a larger than normal running shoe size.3. Wick moisture well so feet stay cool during running. Heel stays in place and so does cuff.4. These perform as well as other running socks that cost double.5. Made of 60% polyester, 38% cotton, 1% spandex and 1% rubber.Bottom line: Well made and inexpensive running sock (if you buy them at the right price).
B00AWXMN6O Fits like picture.  Nice soft cotton. High quality material. Perfect fit around biceps, small logo adds flare. I have to keep typing until I use up
B00AY65V1I Great Great running shoes... comfortable. They are great for running on trails: good grip. Light weigh, they look good. I'm happy with my purchase.
B00AY65V1I Good shoes. Insanely comfy These shoes feel great on my feet. I've been running in them everyday and they are very comfortable to run in. I had some trouble at first and got a bruise on my pinkie toe while I was running in the shoes the first time. I read up on it, and realized the socks i was using were probably too thick. I've been using my thinner socks ever since and everything is fine.
B00AY6NZDE Look great, feel good I like these shoes, they look nice.  They came with the fat gray laces and some white laces, I opted to use the white for now.
B00B1E4QSQ Confortable and nice shoes! These shoes are as nice and confortable as I expected. Colors are exactly as they look on the pictures. Perfect for walking, working out at the gym or running.
B00B1E4QSQ Amazing Shoes I initially thought I was sent an empty box because they are so light. Perfect for running. Wonderful shoes overall. Received exactly as described. True to size.
B00B4S2QUE Nice The colour is pretty and it is just like in the picture. For $28, this is a good shoes. I'm satisfied.
B00B5KZACC Good shoes for my kid Great buy. Only thing is the picture makes them look gray and pink when they are actually black and pink. But if I would have read the description, I would have known.
B00B5W0FHK love the shoes Fit prefect love the style son loves them too. I like that there is no show lace. Like the style like I said
B00B5W0FHK Sleek Shoes I find the sizing charts difficult and too cryptic.  The shoes have a good look and are in nice proportion.  I like them. He'll grow into  them anyway.
B00B5W0FHK Shoes Thanks I really like these shoes they are for my nephew for Christmas and I like the design and colors
B00B7LUG00 Review I like the shoe, but it is really a running show and not a cross-training shoe.  The tread design is clearly for running, and that is how the box described the shoes. They are comfortable and have worn them on the treadmill, and would give them high marks for shock absorption.
B00B7LUG00 Like running on air! I actually purchased these at a Puma store in the local mall because they were running a launch promotion. These shoes are great! I personally love the orange/black one the best. I thought it was the best matched color pallet. The shoes are so comfortable. It was a bit weird feeling at first but now I'm used to the "cushy" feeling. They are great for those who are walking or running over various hard terrain because it keeps your feet feeling comfortable. I may buy a second pair in a different color! My favorite Puma's to date - and I love all Puma shoes!
B00B7LUG00 Quite comfortable and cushy Hmmmm.....I actually really like these shoes. They arent top tier running shoes, but for a sub hundred dollar pair of shoes, these are really nice, light, and comfortable. So far, while running, I have noticed lowered impact on my feet and ankles, and my knees also dont hurt afterwards, something which does typically happen to me if I dont stick with an elliptical. So forme at least, these shoes are a complete success. They also look nice, but that is secondary to their functionality, which is definitely there. I highly recommend these shoes..
B00B7LUG00 Don't buy running shoes online While these shoes are well built and make a stable platform size is everything in a running shoe, and these were small. After this experiance I wouldn't recommend anyone buying running shoes online. Go somewhere and try them on before you buy.
B00B7LUG00 great running shoes i got one pair at a good price, it is a  much better deal than any of the nike's shoes.
B00B7LUYFC Just Loving it shoes having a really stunning look with great colours but the most important is the comfort they provide when you walk with themits feel like magici'm busy looking to try some other puma shoes soon
B00B7LUYFC PUMA running shoes. Very nice shoes, extremely comfortable! Love them. :)Highly recommend them. Great price, well worth it. Great for running and training.
B00B7LUYFC Rough The composition material on upper part feels like rubber making the shoe uncomfortable to walk because it digs into your foot .
B00B7LUYFC great pair of shoes great pair of shoeshave been using the for the gym andI really like the look the feel the support and the comfort.thank you.
B00B7LUYFC Great cross-trainer! This is my first pair of cross-training shoes. I got them because the P90X3 video said I should not be jumping around in running shoes. They were definitely right! These shoes offer lots of side support and there is plenty of cushioning in the sole. The placement of the treads help to keep me from slipping as I'm working out on a hardwood floor. I generally wear a size 8 for running and a 7.5 for everything else. I got these in a 7.5. They are actually a little loose but I lace them up tightly and they feel fine. I was worried that the material wouldn't be breathable but the perforations are adequate and the rigid upper material helps add support and stability.
B00B7LV8V6 Horrid It's hard to describe these but all I can say is that they feel like paper on your feet. I returned them immediately.
B00B7LV8V6 :D!!! I work in a waterpark and these are great I never slipped once and the material didn't give me any blister like all my other water shoes!
B00B7LY4HQ Lightweight and comfortable for running I just received these shoes and have used them for a few running/walking workouts so far.  They are very comfortable for running and didn't need any time to break in.  However, they are not as comfortable for walking as some running shoes are, and thus, they actually inspire me to run more (not a bad thing).  If you usually do some walking interspersed with your running, this might not be the right shoe - the top of the shoe near the toe presses on my foot quite hard while walking.  I expect that once broken in, they will become more flexible.
B00B9U8VHY A bit tiny... I like them, the case is very nice, too, however, the quality is not that high I expected for...They are much smaller as look on the picture.
B00B9ZDQA6 Comfortable Fit, Light Weight, and Nice Look These shoes fit me very well and are very comfortable.  I would guess that someone with a wider foot may not like them as much, but they are perfect for my foot, which is a narrow-to-medium width.What I really love about these shoes is how light they are.  These shoes are great for people like me that like their everyday sneakers to feel extremely lightweight.  The trade-off for that is that they do not provide as much support as some of the pricey running shoes I have had for running and more intense workouts.  That being said, for everyday wear and light workouts, these provide sufficient support.I also like the look of these shoes.  The color scheme is nice and the material looks and feels nice as well.All around, these are a great everyday sneaker if you are not looking for a ton of support and if you do not have a wider foot.
B00BEEPE4S very cool bought 2 for our fast growing 7 yo twins and they've seamed to have forgotten about the rest of their clothes. Colors look a lot better then in pictures  and stripes are somewhat reflective, kinda like a 3M tape on some athletic clothing. Super happy with purchase and even matched  it with Pumas running shoes Voltaic 3V, though I purchased those from another site for little less (they were on sale there).
B00BEIOZAI got unespected shoes don't look black in the picture. I expect some gray instead black, this is not for what I pay. Show better pictures,
B00BEIOZAI Great Shoes I purchased these shoes because they were fairly cheap and I like Puma shoes. They are very comfortable! If you looking for good shoes without spending a lot, try these out!
B00BOZAW6W HEAD TURNERS NICE SHOES, PRETTY COLORS! I RECEIVED ALOT OF COMMENTS , LOOKS AND QUESTIONS LIKE &#34; WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE SHOES?&#34;
B00BR2RVTI i liked it I bought this for my husband he seems to like it i like the look of it and would buy again no complaints...
B00BVYTYSS Great, lightweight socks. These socks are great to wear with running shoes, or even dancing or cycling shoes.  They are cute and low and give your ankle a good look!
B00BVYTZLO Not as cushy as I've come to expect from Puma running socks I like Puma socks for running because they tend to be very cushy both in the heels and at the balls of the feet.  I was surprised and disappointed when these arrived to find that they're actually really thin.  Not only not as comfy for running, but thinner socks like this tend to stretch out and deteriorate much faster than the thicker, cushier kind.
B00BVYU130 Tall but not to Tall Socks Highly recommend, just the right height for my trail running shoes. The noshow running socks were giving me blisters, as the trail running shoes are a bit high in the back and rub. These are not noshow but are just short enough not to be really seen with my trail running shoes and protect from blisters.
B00C5TN7G8 Great for running I bought these at my local Costco for $7.99 on sale (regular price $9.99). Here is why I like them.1. Very comfortable to wear and fit well. Also look good.2. Nicely cushioned, but not so thick as to require a larger than normal running shoe size.3. Wick moisture well so feet stay cool during running. Heel stays in place and so does cuff.4. These perform as well as other running socks that cost double.5. Made of 60% polyester, 38% cotton, 1% spandex and 1% rubber.Bottom line: Well made and inexpensive running sock (if you buy them at the right price).
B00C5UOFS6 Nice sneaker Very nice looking sneakers - even though they are orange and not yellow like the picuture.Ok for running - but not great..very good price
B00C5UOFS6 Fits like a Glove to much so! I like them but seems that they are off center and the left heal rubbed like hell on the left upper heal. But other then that I like them.
B00C5UOVBC nice shoes my son needed a pair of shoes that were 80% white for a job.  We have bought pumas before and thought they were solid shoes.  these were nice and lightweight for constant walking and standing for long periods of time.  nice shoes.
B00C5UPFPS EVALUATING SHOES FROM A CATALOG. I HAVE ALREADY COMMENTED ON THE SHOES.  THEY HAVE BEEN RETURNED.  THE LENGTH WAS FINE, BUT THE WIDTH WAS TIGHT.  I LEARNED THAT IT IS NOT A GOOD IDEA TO BUY SHOES WITHOUT HAVING AN OPPORTUNITY TO TRY THEM ON.
B00C5UPRQK Best shoes for running if you need support These are the best running shoes I ever had I just ran a 10k with a fire helmet and a scba air pack on and I never had any pain in my feet I will buy another pair soon
B00C6AGMZ4 I looks and feels great I got this yesterday, one day ahead of delivery time, awesome. They look as picture, even better when you wear them.  Over all it was good buy for me.
B00C6AH8J8 Product is as expected They look great just like in the photo, puma shoes are nice and affordable glad i made this purchase size fits comfortably, delivery was quick with free shipping.
B00C6AH8J8 Bright Red and Bright Yellow Exactly what I was looking for. I love them! If you like flashy, these are the shoes to buy! Love them.
B00C6BPP10 Good for the price. My wife bought these shoes for me because of the price, I like the way the shoes for my feet.
B00C6BTJUS Look better in the picture Look better in the picture.  One of the things when you have size 13 and above. you cant judge the by the picture.  you have to have them on your feet.  They look real silly on my big feet.But.....So comfortable and fit great!
B00C6BTJUS great durable! well the shoes looks great, I really like itand the price was so good!i definitely will buy again  :D
B00C6BUJDY Awesome shoes These shoes are beautiful. On the monitor they look great. However, in person they look better. If you wear a size 8, buy an 8 1/2 because of the built in wedge. The shoes are comfortabe and you feel as though you are wearing flats. I can't wait to really wear them when me and my family go out. I give these shoes five stars for being beautiful and fitting well.
B00C6EVTUS Too flat, not as stylish as I hoped. I don't normally wear PUMA, but thought I'd give these a try. I did not like the look of this shoe at all. They made my feet look huge and the shoe itself is very flat and low profile. I returned them and opted for animal print Nike's.
B00C6EW87G shoes These shoes are so comfy it's like wearing slippers.  I could walk in them all day and my feet will not feel tired cause it's almost like walking barefoot but you still get plenty of cushion.  I would love to get another pair of these and the colors are great.
B00C70PMOU Like it Like it
B00C70VXMU I recommend this produt. I really like the colours, material. Fits as expected.I recommend this produt.I always buy tricot sets for my 2 kids and I really like Puma ones.
B00C7MZRZW ver nice My daughter loves these pants.  She uses them to go running.  The Puma logo on the front had sequence on it.  Couldn't tell from the picture.  Great material and comfortable.
B00CAJVONQ New sneaks! I really like the look of the shoes but they are a little bit too big. Overall I'm very pleased.
B00CAJZDHY Looks like the picture Shoes are beautiful and well made!  Although I'm not sure whether or not the shoes are a little snug or if they're supposed to be broken in, I still love them!
B00CAJZTVY Great shoes Size was right on. A tad bit narrow but not bad at all. Soft heel which I was not expecting but works well for my bad running style and form. Great shoes. Definitely recommend thin socks with these shoes, they are snug fitting, which is good for running.
B00CAK38DY Comfortable My daughter wore these shoes for her cross country events this past Fall and she said they felt great. Most running shoes do not give her the support she needs for her heels, but these did.
B00CAK9ABI Good Very GoodMy husband very like it. He say it very comfortable.I am glad he like this shoes  .
B00CAKANUA Good I like it .
B00CFDPE7Y Great, Lightweight Shoes I love these shoes. They're lightweight and comfortable. I can't tell if it's really green or yellow, it looks different in different lighting. I light the material, it stretches and moves with your feet. Perfect for running.
B00CFDPE7Y puma  running shoes thanks for this shoes,it came perfect , the size was ok,Puma is a good brand to  get some running shoes.Regard
B00CHF4S7M Excelllent shoes No complaints for this. Everything fits as it should. I like the material of the shoes and the color combinations.
B00CM3EH3Y Not what I expected as pictured The quality is good and the style would be perfect, just know that these are not loose from the knee. In the picture it looks like they are straight (like the boys) leg, but not. They are tight, and they are really capris. I bought a large, and while my daughters legs are tall, but they are so stretchy that they are tight-like. So just know this. However if this style is one you like too, then the quality is really good. We like them and she wears them, it is more to explain the fit vs the impression from the picture
B00CN5BRSE like it!!! Look good, but you need to take one more size, that your child are, the colors are cool and bright  !!!!
B00CQGXS00 Five Stars i love these shoes and great soccer shoes
B00CVIGZ44 Future cats These shoes fit like a glove and they are awesome.  I would like to purchase more in different colors. Cool
B00CWL2EWC Shoes weren't bad These don't really make us look skinny. When I put them on, looked little bit of chubby cuz of the golden trim and these completely cover ankles. I just didn't like them and returned them but if you like a sporty style, it maybe cool. I got another from Sketchers and NineWest.
B00DHJQ39S Awesome and easily cleaned. Love love love these shoes. They are super light weight but still have the cushioning I need. I wear a size 9 and my footjoys made my feet look enormous. These look like regular good - looking puma tennis shoes. I have gotten lots of compliments on them! They were very dirty after my first use and I just wiped them clean. Look good as new...
B00DNNO3Q8 Look Good, Feel Great Very comfortable, excellent for walking and running. I've been looking for running shoes for a while, these really fit the bill.
B00DNNOCQE Nice look Never had these before they are getting more  comfortable the more I wear them. Everyone comments on how much they like the look of my Pumas.
B00DNNOGEW Great Shoe Very comfortable, fits well and is sweet to walk on. I like them. I got them for running on a treadmill and am looking forward to trying them out. I have been wearing them and they are very easy on the feet. I would definitely buy another pair
B00DNNOGEW $80? First of all, this may be one of the most comfortable $80 pair of running shoes you will buy (original price). Second of all, the shoe styles are really great too. It's like Puma took a poll of the most liked color combinations in the world. Very classy and stylish as well.I ran (to try them out) about 7 1/2 minutes and they were very responsive (bounce) and extremely light, good cushioning, but not marshmallow. At the time it was the fastest time for the distance I had run. I have a forefoot strike, so they worked great for that. They also have extra rubber for the heel if you are a heel-striker.I can't say enough about this shoe and how excited I was to open the box. The picture does the shoe no justice (I have the black/white/gray ones).So, give them a shot. Try them on and see how they fit, walk around the house a minute. Send them back if they aren't perfect, but... I have a feeling you'll be opening the front door and running in no time instead.The fit is nice. Spacious in the toe, comfortable the whole way around. 12 .mm drop.They won the Runner's World Best Buy for June. They commented about how great they feel, but they aren't a plush shoe. Just very comfortable, great cushioning... all you need. After I use them as running shoes, I am going to wear them as my everyday shoes (walking).I have read that these shoes may not be great for running in wet conditions, because there is no traction in the forefoot and heel. But, oddly there is some in the mid foot. I haven't tested them in wet conditions, but I don't plan on it either. But! They are fantastic when it comes to gripping on dry pavement. The cushioning kind of squishes into the pavement and grips for great traction.Take care. Enjoy!
B00DNNS0XA great running shoes but they run small Good quality running shoe looks excellent! Everyone compliments me on them great when moving and running around. But not good for standing around for a while. The fit is a tad tight. I wear an 11 normally and got a 11.5 and its still tight, dedinatly get a size bigger
B00DNNS0XA but they actually look great. I know that Pumas are a little snug ... I was a little concerned about the metal d-ring eyelets being a little too &#34;Euro&#34; looking, but they actually look great.  I know that Pumas are a little snug in their sizing, so you may not want to wear socks with these when you workout; also, this is trivial but may matter to some: the toe is a little more &#34;pointy&#34; than most trainers today.  The trend now is that of more rounded toes, like the NB naked or Merrell shoes.  These are awesome all-around running, working out, running errands shoes.
B00DNNYHHI great running shoes... Shoes arrive on time for my first 5k run of the year...love puma design, very comfortable, well balance shoes. Highly recommend these shoe's for running...
B00DNNZOQ6 My puma running shoe This is a very good product. It fits just as expected and is very comfortable.  Good for running or for casual use.
B00DNNZYZ2 Great Lightweight Running Shoes These are very comfortable lightweight running shoes.  They feel like wearing socks with much better support!
B00DOG3UG8 A Very Successful Gift! I purchased these shoes for my nephew and they are a huge success!  The fit and comfort is even better than he hoped - he says they feel great!  They look even nicer than the photos on Amazon indicate.  The colors are true to the real shoes but the pictures on amazon don't do justice to the two different textures on the shoes.
B00DOG4R2Y Winners I love my shoes, they feel like soccer shoes, the price was excellent, I am wearing these shoes to audition for the tv show The Voice
B00DOJOGTU good shose try it and u will like it
B00DTX8UR0 Not perfect but pretty cool I like these shoes, I like the red color, I like the velcro tabs.  The only issue is that they are sometimes hard to get on.  I'm not sure what it is about the structure of the shoe, but getting them on can take an extra minute or so.  Other than that, these shoes are very sleek and help my toddler run and play.
B00DU0P368 Super cute shoes! These shoes are really fun for little girls. I bought these for my 6 year old and I like the look of them a lot. Unlike other shoes that have had a problem with the glitter falling off or getting scuffed, the shine is part of the material and they seem to be holding up very well. The picture does not do them justice as the sparkle is more of a rainbow hue, if that makes sense.
B00DU0P368 Beautiful by I thought the material was fifferent Beautiful however I thought the material of the shoes was different (fabric type) instead is more of sand paper, but sti beautiful,
B00DUJ9TSC Its a good shoes I like the Shoes i order and what it is in picture that is what they send it to me .
B00DY6160A Great deal Nice shoes they were for my aunt and she was so happy and running all around the house. If you like these shoes, don,t think more and just buy them
B00DY74P70 Just what I wanted! These came quickly and were just as expected and fit like a dream. They are adorable with green patent leather and white man-made material.
B00DY75DWQ Yikes, not good quality I ordered them for my daughter, looked at them with her and said &#34;no way Jose&#34;.  She did not even try them on.  She is in 6th grade and it looked like the shoes were built in layers, one to peel off the other.  Picture looks great!  Shoes looked not so good.  I wanted her to like them because they were less expensive and I like Puma:-)  I kept looking at them as I was putting them into the return box and saying, &#34;Wow, these didn't come close to my expectations!&#34;
B00DY75DWQ These are amazing! These shoes look just like the picture, they are incredibly light weight and comfortable. They are constructed with bonded seams so they look sleek but with that has resulted in gapping out in the areas where they bend the most. I do wear them a lot but I was expecting them to last longer. I would buy them again.
B00DY75DWQ I like these shoes! I had never thought about purchasing Puma shoes but I'm glad I did.  The shoes are very lightweight and the color is nice. I have received several compliments. I used my own prescribed orthotic inserts instead to give me the arch support that I needed as these shoes don't have that. I could have probably went 1/2 size up (10 1/2 instead of 10). Wore the shoes to a Linercize class (line dancing with cardio added) and they did well. I do recommend these shoes.
B00EDOMUYI Excellent running shoe: Great running shoes. I run at least 20 miles per week and these are the most comfortable of all the shoes I've tried. I went through a pair of Nike's, New Balance, and a couple different kinds of other Puma running shoes before I found these to be the most ideal. They are very breathable and their stylish look is an added bonus. I've been through 2 pairs now and will continue to buy this same type/brand. Excellent running shoe!
B00EDOMUYI Running for perfection Great shoes excellent at the track
B00EDOMUYI Three Stars Are marked as running but feel thick.
B00EDOMUYI Great design, requires more ventilation on the sides I love the look of the shoes. Would have like more ventilation on the sides like the earlier ones I had from Nike and Adidas. I'm feeling some pain on my soles, not sure why, probably I've to get used to the shoes for a while.
B00EDOR4L2 Good shoes Really like.
B00EDOR4L2 Returned these and bought voltaic 4 instead I like the look of these shoes but I had recently had a voltaic 3 pair and was looking for something similar. I ordered these and when i got them to try them on the tongue was much bigger than I was used too. I like the look and fit of the ones with a smaller tongue so I returned these and bought the voltaic 4 cross trainers!!
B00EDOR4L2 I love Puma running shoes I love these running shoes, have excellent arch support, and I was extremely pleased when Amazon posted their availability for purchase in my box. Puma does have a narrow fit so I exchanged for an 8.5. The exchanged running shoes came remarkably quickly and I am so happy :) Thanks Amazon.
B00EDOR4L2 Great buy. I am satisfied with the purchase. These are my first Puma running shoes, and I like them better than others.
B00EDOR4L2 Feels like running in a pair of shoes made of concrete I purchased these shoes based on the positive reviews, but I have nothing positive to say about these shoes. They are advertised as running shoes, but they are very heavy. I felt like I had a block of concrete on my feet. They may be great for speed walking but definitely not running.
B00EDOR4L2 love these shoes Super great for running and I love the look. The shoe runs like most Puma shoes - a bit tighter around the middle for additional support, which I love.
B00EDOR4L2 Love my PUMA's Love my shoes.  Very comfortable when walking or running.  Excellent buy too...
B00EDOR4L2 Not comfortable I like the pumas I have right now, so I though these would fit somewhat like those. Wrong! There really isn't much support and I didn't think they were very comfortable. Returned them. The colors look just like the photo, and they're cute.
B00EDOR4L2 I like these shoes I like these shoes. They are very comfortable. Also really like the color of  the shoe. Not &#34;loud&#34; . Excellent price.
B00EDOR4L2 Love them I love them they look exactly like the picture and they are comfortable but they are giving me blisters :-)
B00EDOR4L2 Five Stars These are very comfortable shoes,  more so than I expected them to be for running shoes.  Love them !!
B00FRU60W0 Great material, nicely made I am very happy with the look of these shorts, and they have a nice strong, but breathable material. I would definitely recommend these shorts for sports and active play.
B00FSKLLJ6 Adorable Running Suit This is a very cute and handly little running suit.. I love pink and grey and it will be handy in the cool Spring in Minnesota.
B00FVYYGBY Not what I expected from picture :( It's not the bright orange like I thought. It's a mix of 2 orange shades and a purple. Which makes it darker.
B00GV3GRJI Good job on the shoes I really like these shoes. They are super comfortable no matter the task. I wear them walking, to the gym or just out for the day. I think they look great as a fashion shoe as well.
B00GV3GRJI Very comfortable shoes. I really like Pumas for a running ... Very comfortable shoes.  I really like Pumas for a running shoe you can wear all day long.  They may run a 1/2 size larger than normal.
B00HTAKRI4 Three Stars Shoes look great but the material stains easily.
B00HTARRVY Don't be fooled by the photo The shoes are really comfortable. The reason for 2 stars is the fact that in the photo they look grey. I bought them because I wanted grey running shoes. When I got them they were blindingly white. No where near grey.
B00IULGZK0 Didn't like that much I give it a two because it wasn't what I was expected when I got it and look it look too much like a plastic shoe so I didn't like it that much.
